  if it were a hell where say , the hosts are french , i 'd get it . 
  maybe that `` host '' category could be added . 
  and in heaven , it would be the irish or something . 
  i also do n't get why the swiss would be bad lovers . 
  i 'm guessing that ultimately some of these choices were pretty random so as to complete the joke . 
  converts to islam tend to be more extremist , as they took the trouble to actually make the move to convert , rather than being just born or brought up with a muslim identity in the first place . 
  also , converts have a tendency to want to prove themselves more . 
  there 's an inferiority complex towards muslim-born people , but also , the latter do sometimes look down on converts . 
  to be fair though , it is true that some converts are just in a phase , so there 's some distrust or disbelief in their motivations . 
  one way for converts to prove themselves is to be more extreme in the religion than muslim-born people . 
  source : i 've known converts to islam . 
  i 've seen some crazy shit in my time . 
  when i was younger , i was a metalhead . 
  i knew a pretty goth chick . 
  her boyfriend converted to islam for some reason , and since she loved him she followed and then wore a hijab . 
  sad thing to see . 
  i knew another guy who was into black metal , and was practically a neo-nazi . 
  at first he followed asatru , then he shaved his head and became a skinhead interested in hinduism because `` aryanism '' or whatever , and then i guess he decided he was so antisemitic that he converted to islam and moved to turkey to live with some extremist group there . 
  he was clearly disturbed . 
  indeed . 
  sorry guys , thread 's over . 
  i 'd like to thank everybody who tried . 
  i get that it 's a ukrainian channel , and that events in ukraine are frontpage-worthy news , but i 've been watching this channel for half an hour now and it has yet to talk about something else than ukraine . 
  an international channel typically talks about world news . 
  lots of little stories with quasi-propaganda vibes , like some kid who donated his savings for a tablet to buy a body armour for a ukrainian soldier , lenin statues being destroyed . . etc. 
  and just the phrasing sometimes seems kind of propagandish , which is weird from the voice of reporters who are clearly not ukrainian but naturally have to say these things . 
  i do n't really mind though . 
  i get they have to balance out russia 's propaganda , and this channel is probably more on the truthful side . 
  i 'm kind of shocked by this though . 
  i never heard of this prejudice , and i always considered that french standards were quite high . 
  agriculture is viewed as a noble pursuit , with the quality and health of products a constant preoccupation here . 
  i 'd even call it one of france 's thing . 
  this preoccupation for quality , natural products . 
  otherwise politically and culturally , france is one of the leading nations against gmos and pesticide use . 
  if you take the car through french countrysides , you 'll see cows grazing in large fields everywhere , with plenty of space for them to move around . 
  nothing like the stereotypical cow factory farms i imagine in the us . 
  also remember that france has a much lower density than countries like britain , italy and whatnot . 
  france has quite a lot of room for farmland , and uses it . 
  my parents live in normandy so i 've seen a lot of the countryside , and when a harvest is bad , farmers burn their entire field down . 
  the reason they do that is because they get financial compensation in exchange , if they decide their harvest is bad enough to be unsellable . 
  some farmers abuse this , and at the slightest poor harvest they 'll just say it 's bad and burn it all down . 
  one can criticize the waste of food , but the end result is that a bad harvest , or poor quality harvest , rarely gets sold . 
  farmers would rather destroy it and start anew next year with a fertilized soil . 
  someone else mentioned foie gras as to `` french farming '' . 
  that 's just one product . 
  the rest of french farming is the same as every other country obeying european standards . 
  i think it 's rather britain 's obsession with the cap which made you develop this idea that somehow french farming is crueller . 
  in france it has nothing to do with animal welfare , but more about economic nationalism . 
  to consume french . 
  many products advertise themselves as `` product of france '' , or even of individual regions of france , notably `` product of brittany '' is a popular one . 
  our national holiday is the 14th of july , to commemorate the storming of the bastille during the french revolution . 
  it 's quite a big thing . 
  while in france there 's nothing much going on for new years , or christmas , or other holidays , for the 14th of july there 's lots of stuff , be it fireworks shows , concerts , and i believe the [ only yearly military parade ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoapnywn8ck ) of any democratic western country . 
  then around many cities there are military demonstrations of sorts , wherein soldiers show off their new tanks and stuff . 
  though it 's quite martial , the idea is to stress the submission of the army to the democratically elected president . 
  that 's way too much , but if you guys read the article , you 'd see he was also selling pirate dvd copies ( which to me crosses the line ) , and was being a total douche about the whole situation . 
  without his arrogance towards the law , and stupidity , he probably would have gotten much less . 
  yep . 
  and one can make the etymological connection between the english `` thou '' and the french and spanish `` tu '' , and the english `` you '' and the french `` vous '' and spanish `` usted '' . 
  the rooster is quite representative i find . 
  proud , colourful , civilized rooster , who sometimes gets in a fit of rage . 
  another unofficial symbol is the gallic wild boar . 
  i like that one because it 's more of a badass animal than the rooster ... 
  `` london is a less attractive place to live than detroit '' bullshit . 
  also lisbon is very nice . 
  `` asta e '' ( `` so is life '' ) is probably used in every language . 
  in french ( and in english , as it 's one of those french expressions which is used verbatim in english too ) we say `` c'est la vie '' . 
  though i do n't feel it 's necessarily a negative saying . 
  it 's also about not complaining , not being a whiner . 
  but i get what you 're saying . 
  check out the interactive map of world heritage sites : http://whc.unesco.org/?cid=31&amp;l=en&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; you can change the criteria to see delisted ones , or those in danger . . etc. 
  getting a world heritage label is a long , difficult process , and the competition is quite harsh , especially since europe gets most labels for built sites , so i 'm suspecting unesco feels it has to let others get some with their natural sites ( and of course europe is small comparatively - there are many more deserving natural sites everywhere else than in little europe ), 
  when i was a kid we had a vacation home in the pyrenees , and we got to see a lot of it , in summer and winter . 
  truly the pyrenees are one of the most beautiful and relaxing places i 've ever seen . 
  also , for those tourists from mountainless countries , they usually go to the alps . 
  the alps are bigger and great , but i 'd choose the pyrenees over the alps , because notably it 's less crowded , and thus more laid back . 
  it also feels more genuine imo , because perhaps it has been less corrupted by mass tourism ( do n't get me wrong though , there are large touristic areas in the pyrenees as well , and untouched places in the alps - this is just in general ) . 
  football and rugby are definitely the first two as victories from our teams lead to people honking horns in the streets and whatnot . 
  however , i 'm not sure handball would be third , though we 're good at it . 
  tennis is pretty popular ( though we 're not that great ) , horse racing as well ( though it 's more local , and more about watching it and betting on it ) . 
  bicycling ( notably the tour de france ) is a popular watch as well . 
  to be honest , the cringe is rather how desperately you want to be called northern . 
  let it happen naturally with time . 
  by whom ? 
  i do n't want to sound insulting or anything , but most people interested in geopolitics or whatever definitely do not naturally consider the baltics as northern europe at all . 
  these geographical groupings are inspired by geography of course , but also by many other factors such as history , economy , politics ... maybe in a near future the baltics will be considered part of northern europe . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  for now they are n't . 
  we know they want to though . 
  check out the editing at the very last seconds of the video . 
  like the tv is turned off and you hear a little crackle of sorts . 
  it 's something one would expect in a nolan film or something . 
  these guys were probably bathed in american and western movies which they love and copy for style . 
  what the ... 
  i had never seen this before . 
  wow , thanks so much man !, 
  i was joking around but that 's really nice of you . 
  will finally get to know what all that gold thing is about :p, 
  though `` magazin '' is in french a word for shop , and thus presumably also in other languages , in english it either means a periodical , or these things which hold ammo in guns . 
  fair enough .
