  however , in the end , while us europeans do visit neighboring countries , we do n't do it nearly as much as in foreigners ' fantasies , the same way anyone rarely actually visits the touristic and cultural landmarks of his own city , and only regrets it once he moved away . 
  otherwise , for the excitement of particular areas , each country has particularly dynamic , youthful cities which can be considered exciting . 
  among the cities i heard were cool in that way are bilbao , barcelona , lyon , berlin ... for france in particular , i 've been kind of all over , and i do feel every region has a very different vibe , and i always found it exciting to discover them and breathe new air . 
  basically , europe offers great regional diversity in relatively small areas , and every area has places worth seeing . 
  if i were the supreme leader of the eu , i 'd throw in a vote to lower mep 's personal salaries , the catch being that each individual bulletin would be made public . 
  * evil grin *, 
  `` to avoid unpopular tax rises '' lol . 
  the unpopular tax rises are already here . 
  middle class payed approximately double in taxes this year . 
  the cap is pretty huge , france gets the most from it ( obviously , not all of it ... ) , france being the biggest country in the eu , and having a huge agricultural industry feeding itself and a big chunk of its neighbors . 
  i never heard anyone complain about the british rebate , but everyone is complaining about the cap as if france is stealing everyone 's money , regardless of the billions france gives to the eu and does n't see again . 
  british people always complaining about the cap ... other europeans ' favorite scapegoat . 
  france pays more to the eu than it receives back . 
  french farmers do n't like the cap either , since without the eu spending they 'd probably get more subsidies from the french state , but instead france sends billions to the eu which it never gets back . 
  `` fuck you asshole ! '', 
  posted 2 hours ago ? 
  this comes a little late . 
  we got the results last night . 
  the fn lost to the mainstream right wing party , at some 48 % or so , which is still a huge score , especially against the right wing . 
  for all i know , in france it 's just : 12 + : for mildly scary stuff , violence , harsh language , sex scenes . 
  16 + : erotic films , films with strong violence . 
  18 + : gore , porn . . for reference , i think the terminator for example ( which has blood , harsh language , violence , a sex scene with a little nudity ) is 16 + in france . 
  sure , but what is your legal nationality ? 
  we 're talking about nationalities here . 
  an andorran passport exists . 
  i believe there is only a british passport ... that 's what i 'm saying . 
  these femen chicks are starting to look quite ridiculous . 
  does the survey speak of race ? 
  or is it rather `` ethnicity '' ? 
  do you deny that term too ? 
  i 'm not shocked by what you 're saying but i do n't really see the logic for your second point . 
  why be sceptic towards russian immigration , but positive towards ukrainian ? 
  i 'm not saying they 're the same , but there 's a similarity in result . 
  why positive for latin american immigration ? 
  i heard the relatively few south american immigrants in spain bring the latin gang culture there . 
  do you have the english nationality ? 
  or the british one ? 
  the british have ethnicity surveys like in the us . 
  i think it 's very interesting to be honest and i wish france would allow these kinds of surveys already ... 
  good boy . 
  have a cookie . 
  agreed . 
  that whole `` prejudice '' series of questions was difficult . 
  it 's more complex than some graduated answer . 
  it depends ... 
  i do n't know what side i 'd pick in syria , since i 'm not certain of the exact situation . 
  but it 's not about the side one picks . 
  at least picking a side is good , fleeing to save one 's life is degrading . 
  i was mainly speaking of refugees of war , and i did n't mention it , but i 'm mostly pointing the finger at healthy grown men leaving their country to save their lives . 
  i 'd understand single fathers with young children , handicapped people , old people ... fine . 
  again , i do n't live in a war torn country so it does seem i 'm talking out of my ass , but i truly believe that i would stay and fight in some manner . 
  i 'm not particularly braver than anyone else , i do n't think i 'm better than others , just that in that situation i would want to participate actively . 
  now , if you personally found a job abroad and took it , i do n't see a problem with that . 
  being an immigrant is n't shameful of course . 
  that 's not what i 'm talking about . 
  fondue : you have some big pot of melted cheese and you dip bread in it like diabetes is n't a thing . 
  raclette : you have potatoes , ham , bacon or whatnot , and you pour melted cheese on those bad boys . 
  and yeah , those are popular meals . 
  it 's about stuffing your face with friends ( definitely not delicate cuisine ) . 
  you can also find family restaurants which offer those meals . 
   once a month you leave all your rubbish ( old furniture etc. ), 
  on the street for the state to come collect , but lots of french people come over that night and take it away first . 
  people get annoyed with the french for that . 
  here in paris , we deal with `` obstructing furniture '' by going on our town hall 's website and saying we 're going to deposit the surplus furniture that day in front of our building , and it 's then picked up by some garbage/recycling truck that very evening or the next morning . 
  however , when i dropped off electronic stuff ( like an old dvd player that was broken and stuff ) i saw that they were taken by random pedestrians ... which made me regret throwing them out , because maybe they could have been salvaged . 
  raclette is the fucking bomb . 
  here in france , when friends want to get together for an actual meal ( and not just take-out pizza or something ) , raclette is often considered , and man do we stuff ourselves fat with that deliciousness . 
  the only meager understanding i see here is yours . 
  you 're totally oblivious to what i 'm actually saying , you 're repeating things i 've already said , putting words in my mouth , creating in my some sort of fantasized opponent . 
  i feel like i 'm dealing with an adolescent purposely being difficult . 
  i 'm not going to waste my time with your idiocy . 
   it 's easy to say that when you 're hundreds of kilometers away from the nearest conflict zone . 
   what you think you 'll do and what you 'll actually do are two different things altogether . 
  until you experience actual conflict you have no right to judge others for fleeing . 
  i know . 
  how many times must i repeat that : i know . 
   feel free to join the army and defend your nation against angry muslims around the world then . 
  i considered it , went to the recruitment center and spoke to officers about it , but opted out when i had better opportunities in another field . 
  to be honest though , i often have regrets and wonder if i 'd feel better about myself if i were out in the open in the army , rather than in a crowded subway ... 
  i do n't expect you to understand . 
  otherwise i do n't consider we 're at war with `` angry muslims '' . 
  it 's funny how you 're considering that i 'm either very young or sheltered , when you 're the one resolving to the most immature ad hominem . 
  i did say in my comment that it would sound ridiculous , it 's just my conviction . 
  i ca n't feel much respect for those who flee their own country , and i 'm convinced i would n't if things went dire . 
  now , you can go on repeating that i live in a nice stable free country , and whatnot . 
  i know this . 
  you 're not really teaching me anything , i 've heard it all already . 
  i simply feel certain that i 'd rather stay than flee . 
  i do consider myself somewhat of a nationalist/patriot , which i would say explains why i do n't hold in high regard the idea of fleeing one 's country for selfish reasons . 
  i know it just sounds like some internet cyberwarrior talk or something , but i would never illegally emigrate . 
  i would n't lower myself to some coward beggar status like that . 
  if my country were in some civil war , i 'd join a side rather than flee . 
  now , one may say that i ca n't know what i 'd do in that situation . 
  all i can answer is that i know i 'd want to pick a side and stay . 
  if you 're talking about criminals who made the refugees escape their country , maybe the refugees should do something about it and try to improve their country instead of escaping . 
  certainly , an adrift boat should be rescued . 
  however , the tricky thing is that these people irresponsibly put their own lives ( and that of the minors with them ) in danger while they were trying to commit an illegal act . 
  if we could , these people should be rescued , brought back to where they came from and fined for the trouble and law breaking . 
  unfortunately , they often have little more to be fined ... 
  but this selfish act should be punished somehow .
