  i 'm pretty sure we can call someone an asshole ( unless it 's a police officer ) and not get fined for it . 
  and how do they want their country to treat gays ? 
  from what i 've seen , most of these people were just ordinary , good-looking families , who were n't spouting hatred and whatnot . 
  they seemed very reasonable , nothing like the fantasized gay-bashing redneck type . 
  my mother 's american so i 'm kind of cheating . 
  in france , people learn english at school , since middle school ( but there are some exceptions , `` experimental '' , where english is taught earlier ) , as an obligatory course . 
  then , apart from school and university , english is mostly heard by frenchmen through movies , tv series and the internet . 
  many high qualified jobs often require a minimum of english knowledge . 
  actually , the media largely silenced it considering the scale of the opposition , though they were forced to report on it because it was just too big to ignore . 
  i 'm for gay marriage , but in all honestly it 's pretty appalling how the media , the police and justice system treated these people ... if one cares to inform themselves on some of the injustices these anti-gay-mariage people , whether you like them or not , were victim of . 
  anyway , for op 's question , though there were tons of people protesting against gay marriage , most french remain irreligious , to a strong enough percentage which makes it amongst the most irreligious countries in the world . 
  edit : you can downvote me if you want , it only shows you ca n't handle the truth . 
  i have n't said anything wrong here . 
  yeah . 
  the french internet has its set of memes and all , however they 're not as developed as the anglophone internet , and not as `` mainstream '' . 
  when visiting abroad , i stay a week in one place ( unless i 'm staying with family ) . 
  i 'd be glad to stay a week in one place , and then go to another place the next week ... etc. . but one week is enough for every destination . 
  i do know that of course , a week is n't enough to discover everything , especially if it 's a big city and all , but it 's enough to get a feeling . 
  i gather non-europeans often go for a sort of marathon of europe , and spend a day or two only in a big city before rushing to the next one . 
  i understand that it 's because they payed a lot of money for their trip to europe , and want to see as much as possible in one try , but ultimately that kind of sucks . 
  a week for every destination is a fair amount of time , not too short , not too long . 
  two days ? 
  from paris to the pyrenees , by car , i 'd take a day , from say 7 in the morning , and get there in late afternoon or early evening . 
  so unless you 're going as far south as the pyrenees , the fact that belgium is slightly more to the north than paris should n't add a day to your trip to the south of france . 
  even if you do go as south as the pyrenees , it should only add a couple hours . 
  uh , i 'm not offended ... 
  but i am starting to get annoyed , because it 's always annoying when people over the internet say stuff like `` why are you so angry ? '', 
  or `` taking an issue '' , when i 'm not ... 
  i was speaking just as calmly as you supposedly were ... not to mention i do n't feel like i need to defend paris or whatnot . 
  i 'm not some football fan . 
  i just live here . 
  anyway , on a side note , la d\u00e9fense is a direct close suburb of paris . 
  to get there from abroad , one would need to come through the cdg airport , which is itself in the suburbs . 
  i was speaking of the `` metropolitan area '' , so la d\u00e9fense was included . 
  i 'm not `` taking issue '' , i 'm just wondering how anyone living in this world would be surprised that the huge city that is paris has very busy air traffic . 
  i know a big number of tourists does n't automatically account for busy airports . 
  that 's why i also mentioned how central paris is in western europe , and how it 's a big metropolitan area . 
  some 1/10 frenchmen live there , france is very centralized on paris , and believe it or not , it 's also a city with businesses and economic importance . 
  why not ? 
  it does n't seem more busy than the other big cities in western europe , but anyway paris is pretty central to western europe , is a huge city , and lots of tourists go there . 
  i was kind of exaggerating , since it 's true that the us states do mostly have common history , a common language , and a common national culture , even if the state or regional cultures can differ significantly . 
  however , now you 're exaggerating because i feel the eu states are much closer culturally , and in terms of quality/way of life and all than are the us and nicaragua for example . 
  as a frenchman , i visited the uk , denmark , spain , belgium ( etc. . ) ( grossly western europe ) , and i always felt well at home . 
  you 're speaking of scandinavia being too different from france , but honestly , i did n't feel i was in a totally different world when i went to denmark . 
  it felt pretty familiar actually , apart from minor , if not barely noticeable differences ( compared to the culture shock one could get by simply going to the us , let alone non-western countries ) . 
  same goes for when i went to spain . 
  nothing really culturally shocking to see there for any western european . 
  there 's also a franco-german channel , arte , and a franco-german brigade ( military ) . 
  so there are some steps taken in other fields op was talking about , but it 's still far from any kind of unification . 
  i almost feel a franco-german federal state would be pretty badass . 
  with alsace as the trilingual capital region ( french , german , alsatian ) , strasbourg as the capital city , and the rest of france and germany as the two states ( each with their administrative divisions ) . 
  germany would be more powerful within the unified state ( considering economy and population ) but it would n't be too unequal , compared to a unified eu where the smaller countries really would have little voice . 
  imagine a common central government and foreign policy for france and germany , and their voices and power would be greatly enhanced worldwide . 
  one might say though , that france and germany are too different to form such a union , and thus are n't the obvious choice for a unification . 
  but i still think it would be cool . 
  then , slowly , other countries could join in . 
  i 'm thinking the benelux countries could form a third state withing the federation . 
  the idea is that the eu today is too big , with too many different countries ' governments , for them ever to all agree to form a real federation . 
  i feel the eu would be much closer to a federation today if it had stuck with its original 6 or 7 founders . 
  countries wanting to join would thus have to comply with being part of something much closer to a federation . 
   none of us could agree with each other and we have very different cultures like alaska and florida ? 
  vermont and texas ? 
  hawaii and mississippi ? 
  i read somewhere that nowadays around 80 % ( maybe it 's an exaggerated number ) of our new laws ( at least in france ) are decided by the eu parliament . 
  it 's just a matter of time , if this continues , until more and more laws become normalized to all eu countries . 
  oh , fuck , sorry , i thought you were asking for a masters in english as a course . 
  :p anyway , i do n't really know about business and finance courses , but very honestly , as long as a public university is inside a big city , like paris , or lyon , it 's good enough . 
  that 's the thing with public universities , none really stands out , they all get equal money and all . 
  the difference resides mostly in the teachers , and the good teachers would want to go to historically prestigious universities . 
  however , you might want to check this link : http://www.univ-paris1.fr/diplomes/psme/presentation/ its the economics/management course for international students , first m1 semester or year in english , with intensive french classes too , because the second year would be in french . 
  the university is paris i , panth\u00e9on-sorbonne . 
  it was my university and it 's a good one . 
  edit : wait . . maybe it 's too much about economics rather than management . . 
  but you get the idea . 
  there are courses out there in good universities . 
  this is for a master 2 in the english language for management , in condition of having a master 1 in software engineering : http://www.univ-paris1.fr/ws/ws.php?_cmd=getformation&amp;_oid=up1-prog34569&amp;_redirect=voir_presentation_diplome&amp;_lang=fr-fr, 
  to be honest universities in france are basically equal . 
  but the sorbonne has international recognition though , and looks good on a cv . 
  it probably has better teachers too , thanks to its historical prestige , i guess it can get the best teachers , which thus makes it the best french public university . 
  just for info , the sorbonne is also called `` universit\u00e9 paris iv '' . 
  there are other unis with the name `` sorbonne '' in it ( like uni paris i called `` panth\u00e9on-sorbonne '' ) , because they all want the prestige so they add `` sorbonne '' to their name just as long as they 're close to the sorbonne neighborhood in paris , but the actual real sorbonne is paris iv . 
  here 's the webpage , in french , for english studies at the sorbonne , or `` ufr anglais '' ( a `` ufr '' is a general field of study in universities ) : http://www.paris-sorbonne.fr/nos-formations/les-ufr/langues/anglais/presentation-3039/, 
  i knew a neo nazi who converted to islam because he hated jews so much . 
  i 'm not even kidding . 
   will i face difficulty finding a job after graduation ? 
  what are the jobs that are in high demand ? 
  that all depends in what field you want to study , and where you want to find a job . 
  different countries , different regions , have specific specialties , like anywhere else . 
  anyway , software engineering , as is anything related to computers , i believe , is in high demand , and that will increasingly be the case . 
   if you 're not a citizen of the eea , companies wo n't look at your resume i never heard this ever being the case . 
  europe does a brain drain of africans , asians , and americans too ... 
  there 's a little more paperwork to fill out with a non-eu citizen , but it 's fine . 
  just to go on this subject , in france i believe non-eu citizens pay the same fee as french citizens for public universities ... which is about 400 euros for a year of masters . 
  and for the record , there was a canadian guy in my class during my masters . 
  yeah , lol , this is totally ridiculous . 
  the bastille day military parade is obviously planned months in advance . 
  i see your navagio , and i raise you a [ beach ] ( http://perlbal.hi-pi.com/blog-images/683572/gd/131004238639/4935498.jpg ) with [ bunkers ] ( http://cdt14.media.tourinsoft.eu/upload/longuessurmer-batterie-calv.jpg ) . 
  the banning is simply a demagogue political act . 
  the skinhead who accidentally killed , with one punch , the anti-fascist who attacked him surely knew some members of the jnr ( one of the far right groups which was disbanded ) but was n't part of it , or any of the other organizations which were disbanded . 
  not to mention the jnr disbanded itself preemptively a couple weeks ago , but the government still `` disbanded '' the already no-longer-existing group .
