  this surprises me though , because the center party in france which supports him ( the modem ) is painfully mediocre . 
  but their president on the european level seems considerably more charismatic and presidential . 
  why an american presenter ? 
  why does there always have to be an american presenting or reporting or introducing official eu stuff ? 
  nothing against americans , it 's just weird to me , and i see it all the time . 
  yeah , but we associate it to giving kids `` american '' names , and it just sounds very `` white trash '' . 
  same with `` jennifer '' for girls . 
  germany most certainly did not trigger the euro-crisis . 
  of all things , it carried it . 
  i must admit , that 's quite an eloquent and well developed answer . 
  thanks . 
  as a french parisian of breton origins who 's a french patriot but also a huge ( perhaps clich\u00e9 ) fan of `` celtic culture '' , your answer surely made me gain a little perspective on the matter . 
   as a leftist and regionalist , i could n't dislike the national front more that sort of thing always made me smirk . 
  i get that the fn would likely shut out regionalism . 
  but you should understand/appreciate the gesture . 
  you 're a nationalist , or at least a patriot , for your region , just like the fn people are nationalists , or at least patriots , for the country as a whole . 
  you 're the same . 
  i 've never really understood why regionalists in brittany are so painfully leftists . 
  corsican regionalists are far-right leaning . 
  that makes sense to me . 
  that bretons regionalists are leftists , that does n't make sense to me . 
  you 're regionalists because you rightfully think you have your own identity and whatnot . 
  yet you 're leftists , so presumably pro-mass-immigration and open borders , with the classic universalism sentiment that we 're all part of one humanity and whatever . 
  so why this separatism coupled with universalism ? 
  you probably feel regionalism will give more democratic power to you and your region . . etc. 
  but what about the eu ? 
  unless you 're anti-eu far-left , the eu as an overseeing , `` foreign '' political power is the same as the nation of france . 
  well actually , france cares more ultimately , as it carries brittany in its heart considering almost everyone in paris claims to have breton origins and brittany is a beloved/trendy region . 
  also , with the typical pro-immigration stance the left wing has ... let 's just carry the argument a step further . 
  is there some point , some threshold , when leftist breton regionalists might consider that immigration should be limited , because at some point , if a threshold of foreigners is reached , brittany will loose its specificity ? 
  and there would thus be no point in considering that it 's in any way different than all the neighboring melting-pot regions where people come from all over , where it 's all just a huge mix of everything and anything ? 
  how would brittany feel like brittany , or be different enough to claim regionalism , under a scenario where immigration is so massive that the bretons in ancestry and culture are relegated to some folklore , and a few untouched villages ? 
  ps : i understand historically why irish republicans ( who were thus regionalists within the british empire ) were left-leaning . 
  first off , it was back in the day when mass immigration was n't particularly part of left wing ideology . 
  also the irish were actually oppressed by imperialism , so the left-wing political thought made sense . 
  that 's hardly the case for the bretons nowadays . 
  if we click on each country we get a little explanation/comment . 
  it does n't really explain portugal ( it just says portugal does n't depend on russia in anything significant ) , but if anyone wants a translation for their country , feel free to ask . 
  this is hilarious . 
   too polite we know , tedious and bland . 
  op said it already , 
  also , generally in presidential debates with the 2 main candidates ( and potential future president ) , journalists are particularly easy going . 
  i remember seeing this issue debated in some show , about how compliant journalists are towards the ( `` king - '' ) president or potential president . 
  i think it 's not only a degree of pressure from the president 's cabinet , but also in french mentality : that the president needs to be treated with some form of reverence . 
  i did n't really mean to paint lobbying in a negative light . 
  that 's why i mentioned environmental lobbies for example . 
  i mean in general i 'm fine with environmentalism pressuring politicians through lobbying , since i believe it 's the right thing . . 
  lobbying however does tend to serve special interests , by definition , and thus may not be in the interest of the majority . 
  be it large companies with financial interests , or minorities ( ethnic or social . . etc. ), 
  who through lobbying manage to weigh more politically than they could through the normal democratic process - and they do tend to be very militant and they speak louder than the majority in a way . 
  there are plenty of lobbies , in every country or association of countries . 
  they 're maybe not as obvious in the eu as in the us , but there are certainly lobbies in europe . 
  any interest group can act as a lobby . 
  farmers ' associations can be lobbies . 
  in france for example , labor unions essentially act as lobbies , and they 're particularly powerful . 
  that 's why we have the ( true ) stereotype of striking all the time , and not getting any labor reforms done . 
  otherwise , if i dare be more controversial , there 's this jewish organization ( i personally have nothing against jews , but this is quite notable ) called [ crif ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conseil_repr%c3%a9sentatif_des_institutions_juives_de_france ) in france , which blows my mind ( and does a disservice to jews imo ) by managing to organize dinners with every new french president , or important french political leader , to discuss issues relating to the jewish community in france , and also israel ( it 's a fairly famous event , called the `` diner du crif '' ) . 
  they 're definitely a jewish or israeli lobby , right there in the open . 
  anyway , i 'm fairly sure there are environmental lobbies , human rights lobbies , financial lobbies , banking lobbies , energy lobbies everywhere inside eu institutions ( some eu energy companies are among the top in the world - like total or suez in france - they motivate our governments to send thousands of troops to defend their assets ... they 're lobbies , be sure about that ) . 
  in france most people have a lawn area with different trees , plants , flowers , in their gardens . 
  a simple lawn , with perfectly kept grass and nothing else seems weird in france , and people do associate that look to what they 've seen in american films . 
  vegetable gardens are rarer than having some simple , no-need-to-take-much-care-of fruit tree , but i think the trend lately is towards more and more vegetable gardens . 
  yeah , i got ta agree . 
  especially considering the precedent that some 15 years ago germany was considered the `` sick man of europe '' , and people were hardly expecting it to do so well a decade later . 
  as an american you 're to / r/europe what women are to radical islamists . 
  your opinion/account is worth 1/3rd of that of europeans in this subreddit . 
  i thought americans found the `` basic '' english accent classy or cute . 
  prague is moving up in fame as a tourist destination . 
  otherwise , the average frenchman does n't know much about the czechs . 
  my personal stereotypes about the czechs , which i do n't know if they 're shared by others , is good , cheap beer , pretty ladies , and prague is good to party . 
  well , people laughed because it 's an obvious slip-up `` pickpockets and gypsies '' ... also , there seems to be an unusual amount of young guys in groups on the train and in the station . 
  i may be wrong but these guys could be going to a football/soccer match , and they do tend to be the loud , laughing type , especially when they 're together like that . 
  the most famous bastard from french history is william the conqueror ( guillaume in french ) , so the first name would be guillaume/william . 
  france comes from the franks , which means the free men apparently . 
  a bastard is typically not really attached legally to his parents ( in medieval stereotypes ) , so that 's a good last name . 
  guillaume le libre = william freeman, 
  i recognize his face from some sketch or scene about free water , which was funny . 
  but otherwise , i do n't see how the fact he 's maybe a famous comedian makes his spitting on a political tract edgier or funnier or not simply stupid . 
  on the contrary , if he 's famous , it makes it all the more ridiculous for him to do this . 
  now i 'm surely missing something . 
  maybe it 's part of a routine and he 's expected to do this sort of thing . 
  in that case , my bad . 
  wow . 
  wtf ? 
  that sounds awkward . 
  that scottish guy 's video is pretty much immature imo . 
  he 's free to dislike ukip 's positions , just like ukip is free to have their own positions . 
  i just do n't think they deserve that much hatred for someone to make a video of himself spitting on their tracts as if they were the scum of the earth . 
  also , it 's hardly edgy to spit on a political tract in a free country . . 
   including the west , ( except germany ) many western countries other than germany have admitted past crimes , or at least tried to pay amends in the form of special privileges to the descendants of the recently oppressed . 
  i 'm thinking of the us and france here , but i 'm pretty sure the uk , and perhaps australia and whatnot , have surely admitted some colonial crimes as well . 
  i agree though , that the norm around the world is to not admit past crimes . 
  but in the western world , governments do tend to officially recognize them , even after a couple decades . 
  elsewhere , from japan to turkey , they just plain out deny them . 
  i 've never heard this stereotype from french society . 
  i think it 's an anglo thing . 
  by that i meant , if they had a polish mother , or grandparent , but a french father , they could have lost any indication of their polish origins through their last name ( which would n't be polish ) . 
   if i need to get somewhere and it 's further than 500 meters away , i drive there seriously ? 
  it would take 10 minutes to walk that distance , if you walk slowly . 
  poles were among the first waves of immigration to france , before massive immigration from extra-european countries , so there is a relatively decent number of french people of polish origins , who are entirely assimilated , and no one would know they 're of polish background if it were n't for their last name ( if they still have a polish name ) .
