  he still has a strong following , and the right-wing politicians , who 's party is probably going to win all the next big elections until the next presidential election , look to him and to his approval and that of his followers . 
  not to mention sarkozy had a relatively good relationship with merkel , putin , and the us , who all might appreciate his comeback . 
  i 'm not defending him . 
  i never voted for him , nor will i ever . 
  but he 's definitely not irrelevant in french politics . 
  france is still the second economy in the eu ( with only the uk at its heels , the rest are in a totally lower ball park ) , not to mention historically the main `` founding father '' of the eu , and also historically the eu was always lead by the franco-german block , and overall , it 's not `` bankrupt '' . 
  it 's holding up and has been doing better in terms of growth in the last trimesters than other western european countries . 
  also , in 10 or 20 years , things could go either way . 
  let 's not forget that germany was considered the `` sick man '' of europe at the turn of the millenium ( though it was exaggerated then , like france 's difficulties are exaggerated today ) . 
  it 's a shame that the efforts of reintroduction were fruitless because of the difficult cohabitation between sheep herders and bears . 
  i totally understand that they 'd want to protect their herds . 
  i 'm not blaming them , and would defend their right to be compensated from lost sheep due to the reintroduction of wild animals . 
  oh , yeah , i had n't caught that . 
  hmm, 
   i have never understood how nationalists of different countries could ever get together well , you can take the extreme example of nazi germany and fascist italy getting along quite well . 
  are you smirking at the irony of `` black '' comedy from a le pen , or denying that it was an attempt at black comedy ? 
  i 'd like to see a video of this sequence , cause i 'm pretty convinced it was an attempt at humor , basically a racist joke . 
  he 's pretty known for that in his rally speeches , and many of the scandals he 's been involved with were actually his jokes ( like `` monsieur durafour cr\u00e9matoire '' was a joke to his audience , who laughed fullheartedly ) . 
  he 'd pretty much love / r/imgoingtohellforthis, 
   speaking to the telegraph about le pen 's comments , mr farage said : `` i almost feel sorry for marine le pen . 
  i can not understand what she has done to make her father dislike her so much . '', 
  i was kind of thinking the same . 
  le pen 's daughter must be furious ( again ) . 
  so much hard work to look respectable only for her father to ruin it all with black humor jokes every time he gets . 
  that 's great news . 
  hopefully it will work . 
  in france we seemingly have a hard time doing this , or perhaps not enough effort is made for it . 
  wolves , lynx , bears have all been exterminated from the country . 
  they 're slowly coming back , from italy , spain and switzerland , or through reintroduction programs , but it 's rather difficult . 
  that 's a shame because france is n't very densely populated compared to its neighbors . 
  but there are small villages everywhere , agriculture everywhere , and thus few untouched areas . 
  if i were emperor of france , i 'd be a dick to the human population and order the least inhabited department , [ loz\u00e8re ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loz%c3%a8re ) ( with only 70,000 people who 'll need to make some room ) to be entirely a natural reserve . 
  it has poor soil , so it 's bad for agriculture , which is perfect . 
  it 's home to a very beautiful natural area called the [ c\u00e9vennes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/c%c3%a9vennes ) , which looks very savage and primitive , and would be perfect for reintroducing wild species . 
  yeah , when bears were reintroduced in the french pyrenees , many were unfortunately killed by sheep herders . 
  what a shame . 
  for sure , in terms of sheer landscapes and climate , france as the largest country in the eu , and spanning from the north sea to the mediterranean , from the alpine ski slopes to the atlantic surf-friendly waves , it naturally has the most diverse offer and that helps for tourism . 
  with climate and geography alone , france does n't have only one offer , like many smaller eu countries do . 
  let alone the cultural offer is also pretty massive due , again , to the sheer size of the country and its geographical and climate diversity . 
  for countries as a whole , france technically gets the most tourists . 
  the usa is number 2 in numbers . 
  france and the usa are on top of the list and the next countries are way down ( spain , china , italy if i remember correctly , each get half as many tourists - so they 're on a totally different ball park ) . 
  however , when it comes to money from tourism , the usa is number 1 by far . 
  that 's because the average spending of a tourist in the us is much higher . 
  tourist countries are rather interested in the average spending per tourist . 
  that 's the goal . 
  the us wins on that . 
  mostly because it 's a big country with only canada and mexico as geographical competition . 
  so a tourist who goes to the us will likely stay longer and thus spend more money . 
  non-european tourists in france will likely visit another neighboring country while they 're at it . 
  because they want to get their money 's worth and see other countries in one trip . 
  so you should be glad you 're technically winning when it comes to the benefits of tourism , in sheer free money given to your economy by foreigners . 
  i have no source to post here , but i 'm in a masters in tourism right now , in paris , and my teachers have told us that london has been beating paris for a couple years now , but we managed to tweak the figures fairly well until now so we could stay number 1 . 
  counting the number of tourists is far from being a hard science . 
  everyone has his definition of a tourist , and his methods of counting them . 
  france as a whole is still the biggest tourist destination . 
  but that also is kind of helped because france is also well placed as a transit country for the dutch/germans/british / scandinavian tourists who want to go to spain for example , and have to go through france to get there . 
  so we not only get our intended tourists , but some of those who technically just intended to go to spain ( which is the 3rd tourist destination in the world after france and the us ) . 
  that 's cause there are lots of french jews in israel . 
   it 's like the huguenots back then . 
  leaving the motherland to bring riches to others . 
  do n't apologize . 
  we copied it . 
  good food . 
  well . . not in the touristy areas so no one else would know anyway . 
  i 'm from paris ( suburbs and then paris proper in high school ) . 
  everyone took spanish . 
  german was largely chosen by a minority . 
  that 's very interesting . 
  my favorite childhood comic book , however , which i did n't mention as it 's less well known internationally ( but quite popular in france ) is `` les tuniques bleues '' , which on the other hand is the product of pure bred walloons if i 'm not mistaken  . 
  anyway , this is just a shout out to that great comic book series which deserves more recognition . 
   the court notes that `` the question of whether michael hess 's statement is true , or at least for michael hess appeared to be true , is irrelevant to the proceedings . '' the reason is that the sd politician submitted research support after [ making the statement on facebook ] . 
    in order for the statement to be classified as `` objective criticism '' hess would have had to refer to any relevant research directly in the facebook post . 
    `` at the time [ of the initial statement ] , michael hess made no reference either to established research or islamic sources . 
  it is only in connection with his prosecution that he has sought to demonstrate support from research and religious writings . 
  the district court therefore finds that it is clear that michael hess 's statement has not been a part in an objective and authoritative discussion . '' his comment was surely motivated by critique of islam , but this argument by the court is to me absolutely ludicrous , and dangerous for free speech . 
  they should be honest and just admit that the reason why he was fined is simply because they disallow `` hate speech '' , whether his sayings are backed by fact or not . 
  oh , sorry , i did n't read your other comment correctly . 
  uh , well france does ... and if you meant `` no one else but spain borders portugal '' , i still do n't see how that 's relevant as to why the portuguese rather choose french as a second language over spanish . 
   nero , suske & wiske , jommeke , kiekeboe to name a few . 
  ok , but in international recognition they hardly compare to the french language ones like tintin , spirou , lucky luke , the smurfs , largo winch , thorgal . . ? 
  i 'm wondering if the industries even compare in terms of size ( every country has some good comics , but some make it a large industry - like france , the us , japan . . and belgium ) . 
  otherwise , you 're right about them being from brussels rather . 
  and yeah , naturally , the easily accessible and larger french market helps to propel them , to get more attention , for international audiences . 
  britain gets it ! . . 
  i 'm surprised spanish comes after french in portugal . 
  what 's the deal with that ? 
  i 'm also surprised france is the only one with spanish as a second language ( apart from spain itself ) . 
  it 's so prominent here , it 's practically the de-facto language people choose after english ( for some reason ) . 
  kind of off topic , but since we 're talking about cultural differences , i 've always wondered if the flemish had a prolific comic book scene . 
  as a frenchman i only know of the francophone comic books , but i do believe they 're more internationally known too . 
  do the flemish have a strong comic book scene as well ? 
  same goes for cinema . 
  francophone belgian films and actors seem to be exported more . 
  first to france and then to the us at times . 
  ( though the names i 'm thinking of are mostly dutch in origin , they 're all francophone belgians or at least produce mostly francophone material - van damme , poelvoorde , jaco van dormael ... ) it 's not to be insulting . 
  i 'm an ignorant person asking a question , but from my narrow french perspective , in belgium it seems that the walloons are in charge of exporting the culture , whereas the flemish are more focused on business . 
  with the exception of beers however , as the most famous ones seem to be flemish . 
  damn , i did n't even notice that one !, 
  look at the map of serbia midway through the article ... [ here ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/74934000/jpg/_74934346_serbia_flooding_624.jpg ) .
