  i 'll grant that america gets similarly attacked as france is , when the crowd is non-american . 
  always an opportunity to criticize america when commenting on some random thing one person who happened to be american does . 
  same for the french . 
  i do n't feel many other countries get the same treatment . 
  their nationalities may be noted , but usually not in the mean-spirited way the french and americans are . 
  at least in my opinion . 
  i 'd say the british get a harsh treatment from the irish . 
  the english get shit on by the scottish at times as well . 
  that 's about it . 
  otherwise , they get by fine from what i 've seen . 
  and romansh . 
  indeed , i 'm embarrassed when i see this !, 
   circonstances circumstances, 
  anglo-american culture is so massively influential around the world that they 've largely exported their francophobia to countries which had n't even considered it before . 
  every `` which country to you dislike the most '' poll here always inexplicably has france on top alongside such beacons of human rights like belarus and whatnot . 
  this thread really is n't anything surprising for a frenchman who 's been online since 2005 when we refused the iraq war . 
  we 've gotten pretty accustomed to completely unwarranted insults from countries we 've never wronged in any recent memory . 
  not that i agree with the mods , i just see many of the comments here disparaging the french as a whole because they disagree with one frenchman . 
  they put him as a validation of their manufactured disdain . 
  any subject remotely related to france is always an opportunity for people to reinforce their confirmation bias . 
  say law vee . 
  why is there a slight correlation with mountain ranges and massifs ? 
  do those get all the water squeezed out of them ? 
  you can say bad words here . 
   yeah , i like [ ... ] french people * sheds tear * ^ ( i love you too , cousin ), 
  if there 's one thing i 'm not doing here is making excuses for rape . 
  well , if there are rape numbers for somalis in finland , surely there must be rape numbers for asian immigrants in finland ? 
  i would n't know how to find them , but i think there can be statistical evidence to determine if culture is at least a likely factor . 
  i 've heard native speakers who also had what sounded like a very heavy french accent . 
  i just think that 's how breton is pronounced ( or how it has become , surely due to french influence ) . 
  thing is , most `` native speakers '' are bilingual from birth . 
  i must admit i 've never heard a native speaker who was so isolated they could only speak breton . 
  not sure if any even exist anymore . 
  and , sorry to point that out , but there 's a cultural factor here as well . 
  unless these somalis are completely assimilated to finnish culture , there 's a chance they 've brought with them a certain cultural perspective on women . 
  that 's how i 've always heard breton spoken . 
  sounds like a strong french accent . 
  there perhaps was a strong influence in pronunciation by french , unless the pronunciation of modern french and breton all originally come from a common precedent , like perhaps the accent in gaulish ... like i feel the british celtic languages seem to have an english accent , but perhaps the strongest influence is the original accent of the british isles , and it 's english that took from it . 
   3 - breton ( dat french intonation . ), 
  agreed , however i 've always thought it was the same for the british isles ' celtic languages in regards to english . 
  they all sound like they have english accents . 
  the one that sounds the least english is usually irish . 
  are n't fajitas an american invention ? 
  they 're delicious though . 
   i mean we eat french everyday basically you mean french style dishes have become the standard in most of the western world ? 
  yes , i 'd agree with that . 
  i wonder why ... that 's kind of why no one can describe french food . 
  because it 's the `` normal '' food . 
  but in actuality , it 's still better here  . 
  meat/veggie dishes with the sauces i listed , notably . 
  that 's some good shit . 
  i just agree with the implication in the first part of your comment . 
  mediterranean cultures tend to have better food because they developed their culinary traditions with the larger choice of ingredients they had available from their more lenient environments . 
  in the northern tips of france , the food is similar to what exists in northern and central europe . 
  it 's heavy and generally not viewed as very `` sophisticated '' , though that kind of food can obviously be very good , including what 's done in britain . 
   as for me , i 'll have traditional central , east , and northern european food before i eat another fucking boring dish of pasta . 
  i like how you deplore a stereotypical bad view of british food , and thus you list all different types of british comfort foods as if it were proof of anything , then you reduce italian food to a `` boring dish of pasta '' . 
  it 's like when people say italian food is better than french food . 
  i 'm not disputing it , but people who say that probably only know about their culture 's adaptation of pizza , pasta and lasagnas , and otherwise probably could n't name a single french dish apart from what they 've seen in a movie like ratatouille , and cr\u00e8pes , which they 've never tasted a genuine example of . 
  there is much more to italian food than what has been successfully exported . 
  actual meat dishes with sauces , like the french dishes no one could name despite having an opinion . 
  an assortment of all the classic sauces in french cuisine ; hollandaise , b\u00e9arnaise , chasseur , poivre , b\u00e9chamel ... ^ ( cause all your overcooked meats and dry vegetables are n't going to find tastiness by themselves ), 
  that 's complete ridiculous bullcrap , but you can circlejerk about it if you 're so inclined . 
  and do n't say `` the assumption exists '' . 
  own it . 
  if he were german he 'd be hermut schnitzelnazi . 
  there 's also a common english language in the british isles . . how has that worked out ? 
  anyway sure , in india english is used as a lingua franca . 
  in europe too , in a different fashion ( i wonder , though , if the percentage of europeans proficient in english is n't higher than in india ? ) . 
  regardless , different indian regions regard themselves as different ethnicities , with different native languages and whatnot . 
  some have completely different language families , and entirely different religions . 
  yet they all consider themselves indian , even with their strong internal rivalries . 
  they do n't question it . 
  in europe , in some countries , there 's this tendency to think that any region with its comparatively minor cultural difference deserves its own country , or current state of separation . 
  well , i say regional diversities can coexist within a larger national identity . 
  the diversity can include languages as seen in other countries . 
  uh ... that 's what op is saying ... 
  he wishes for a `` real '' european solidarity . 
  he knows it 's not there , but he wants it to be ... 
  we do n't need a single language to have unity . 
  look at india for example . 
  you may say that different regions in india hate eachother , but that only means in europe we 're even friendlier to eachother than an actual country 's regions . 
  that 's how fries are called in american english . 
  deal with it . 
  the french invented hollandaise sauce , yet they named it for another country/region , and no one complains :p . when americans had renamed `` french fries '' as `` freedom fries '' , that was your opportunity to lobby to them to name them belgian fries . 
  but you did n't take it . 
  well , you probably can : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f9/paris-liberte-eiffel.jpg, 
  that 's correct . 
  there 's no clear actual roman source describing what we know as the roman salute , and the gesture was popularized as a `` roman '' salute during the modern romantic period . 
  the wikipedia page for it is a good start : https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=roman_salute, 
  i naturally assumed the standing-on-the-right-of-escalators thing was pretty much universal , at least in cities . 
  i just thought that tourists who did n't do that were just being obnoxious , or came from smaller towns . 
  oh , i do completely agree . 
  most of the napoleonic wars were defensive ( well at least there was mutual provocation ) , and we 'd be better off if napoleon had eventually won  muh empire :(, 
  yeah . 
  france had lost in 1814 , napoleon was exiled , and he came back in the `` 100 days '' which culminated at waterloo where he was again defeated for the last time . 
  had he won at waterloo , he 'd have eventually lost in another battle as all the european armies were converging , a second time since 1814 , against him . 
  at `` best '' , france could have defended itself like it did in the revolutionary wars of the 1790s . 
  maybe the european powers would have given up and accepted napoleon as the leader of france , so long as he does n't have conquering ambitions . 
  regardless , france would n't have `` ruled europe '' had napoleon won at waterloo .
