  but not crossing when there 's no crosswalk is also surprising . 
  the danes ( and apparently the swedes and norwegians too ) actually wait for the `` green man '' to light up for pedestrian crosswalks , even if there 's not a car in sight in a small one way street . 
  it was humorous to see in copenhagen perhaps 20 people just wait at the cross walk , no cars in sight , on each side of a one way street which any adult could stride in three steps and 2 seconds . 
  of course , me and my parisian friends , who had quickly understood how frowned upon this behavior is , did the same . 
  when in rome ... we also met some night time danish waste collector who spoke flawless french and english ( as well as danish of course - and i do n't know about other languages he may speak fluently ) . 
  with practically no accent . 
  i mean , man , in france he 'd get a better job just for those skills ( without wanting to demean the waste collecting job ) . 
  in general , france pays more to the european construction than it receives back . 
  i 'm not complaining , but you need to see the wider perspective . 
  agriculture is a huge industry in france , making it autosufficient and able to feed neighbors as well . 
  edit : oh , yeah , i did n't get that answer of yours ... hm . 
  my bad . 
  otherwise , quote me implying saudis immigrate to europe . 
  lol . 
  i 'm the last guy to have white guilt or to feel bad about colonialism , and even less about the holocaust which my country had nothing to do with . 
  it 's funny how you criticize my points for being poor and go on to make the most irrelevant bullshit comment you could possibly think of . 
  the world is different now . 
  europe is a haven of rights , liberties and whatnot . 
  it 's not because european leadership kicked the world 's ass over half a century ago that i do n't have the right to comment on the lack of human rights in countries today . 
  and before you blame these countries ' problems on whitey , whether that has any truth to it or not , it does n't make my criticism of these countries any less justified . 
  all they got going for them is oil . 
  without it they 're nothing . 
  it 's a shit hole . 
  scientifically , in literature , in human rights , in attractiveness and in every other aspect that makes a modern nation . 
  otherwise , i was talking of islam getting their shit together before ruining other secular and modern nations with their bullshit . 
  you seem to side with the guy who , hardly hiding his belligerence , says islam 's prospects are in europe . 
  maybe you should go live in one of these islamic countries . 
  to enjoy the freedom and awesomeness first hand . 
  well now you are . 
  sorry , i was n't aware saudi arabia was bombed recently . 
  my bad . 
  i 'm glad you admitted from the start that you were using a strawman fallacy . 
  maybe islam should start by making their countries less shitholes , instead of making other countries shitholes . 
   the largest contributor to esa is european union and who are the largest contributors of the eu ? 
  germany and france . 
  so we 're back to point 1 . 
  otherwise , a russian may be the first european on the moon . 
  sure . 
  but it 's not a definitive . 
  the esa budget is slightly higher than russia 's , and with esa working with closer ties to nasa , than russia with other space-interested nations like china , or india , esa may stand a better chance . 
  europe needs to get in on the game . 
  eventually , there 's going to be a `` first european on the moon '' . 
  i 'm wondering which nationality he/she will be . 
  any bets ? 
  if it 's in the near future , i 'm guessing he/she would come from one of the main contributors of the european space program . 
  france ( 18,8 % contribution in 2012 ) and germany ( 17,9 % ) may have more leverage ( [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/esa#membership_and_contribution_to_esa ) ) . 
  since many launches are made from french guyana , and satellite construction in toulouse , france may have more of a case to claim the glory - though many astronauts are trained in germany . 
  close case , 
  the place of islam in europe has everything to do with the future . . 
  keep in mind that this guy , abdelghani , is investigated for possible conspiracy . 
  ever since mohammed merah was identified as the killer , his brother was in very intensive scrutiny . 
  think what you want about france , but their antiterrorist force is n't a joke , they have massive experience and are well aware that there 's a sizable extremist muslim population in france . 
  i ca n't help to think that it 's breaking pressure which motivated the terrorist 's brother to denounce his actions . 
  i 'm not saying the french police forced him to , of course not . 
  i 'm saying pressure and fear did . 
  i just ca n't trust the guy . 
  i do n't think he was in on the conspiracy , or it would probably be known by now , but i 'm sure that behind closed doors with his brother , before all that happened , he had a similar hate speech as his brother . 
  now that he 's under pressure , he 's tripping all over himself to denounce them and try to prove how he 's not like that . 
  almond croissant kicks ass !, 
  we may not have that meaty polish stuff in paris , but we got some ass kicking almond croissant ftw !, 
  france 's is the 14th of july . 
  are we close enough ? 
  do we win some points ? 
  it 's like a croissant with bonus . 
  as a frenchman with my measly , plain croissants , i want to try this chizzle . 
  yeah . 
  it 's largely considered an ethnicity , in the broad sense of the word . 
  i do n't see the problem with this `` joke '' . 
  sure , the jew surely has a nationality , presumably czech . 
  but hell ... 
  very different subject . 
  the republic is sacred ... planting a triumphant flag is obviously not well perceived , and it is less and less as the french people feel their country is being robbed by massive immigration . 
  but of course , it 's their showing off of their weapons , and how they 're clearly thugs , which made this a scandal . 
  he said something like `` oh look , a dog shat in my bathroom - no one cares '' . 
  something like that . 
  you got ta love people who delete their posts as soon as they get downvoted ... karma whores ... 
  welcome to r/europe , where we speak of politics relevant to europe . 
  that 's actually not insignificant news . 
  i like how you quote an instance when a muslim cemetery was desecrated , because most religious desecrations in france are against christian sites . 
  but it 's true that they do n't make the news ... cause who cares anyway ? 
  it 's simply too common . 
  http://religion.blog.lemonde.fr/2011/11/29/des-profanations-de-lieux-de-culte-en-forte-progression-depuis-2008/ in 2011 , 434 desecrations of christian sites , 41 of muslim sites , 34 of jewish sites . 
  while i 'm pretty certain much of the christian desecrations are by metalhead types ( i 'm a metalhead myself ) , with still a significant amount of muslim perpetrators , i 'm also pretty sure most jewish desecrations are due to muslims . 
  also , one may want to take into account that crimes committed against whites are rarely considered hate crimes . 
  one may also keep in mind that theses arab hoodlums , when caught in a fight , systematically blame racism . 
  i have no sources for that , it 's simply my experience . 
  when they start a fight and the police catches them , they claim the fight was started because they were called `` dirty arabs '' or something , although this is often false . 
  again , i have no sources . 
  it 's just my experience , and it 's pretty obvious to me . . not that it 's always the case . 
  there are of course moments of real racism . 
  but i 'd be willing to bet my life that more assaults are committed on whites for racist reasons , than on arabs by whites for racist reasons . 
  but racist crimes against whites are rarely reported as hate crimes . 
  i always find it difficult to speak about this with people who 's country does n't have a massive muslim population . 
  because they do n't know how it is . 
  the only big city sweden has with a considerable immigrant population is malm\u00f6 . . yet it does n't even come close to how bad it is in most big french cities , but it 's still the shithole of sweden . 
  i was speaking of france . . why are you giving me swedish news ? 
  if you want a source for what i was talking about , just type in key words on google or anywhere . 
  this far right french group occupying a mosque in construction for a couple hours . . it happened less than a month ago . 
  it was all over reddit , front page , and all over the internet - although in truth it was no big deal at all . 
  no one got hurt , there was no violence , no nothing , and it was a construction site which was n't even damaged , and occupied during the night when no work was being done .
