  definitely a great opportunity for your kids . 
  i have a dual french and american citizenship . 
  i 've never used the us citizenship really ( except for faster lines in the airport if i travel there ) , but i 'm still young and i like to know that i 'd have no barriers if i want to work there . 
  also , if i get into any trouble outside of the eu or the us , i could potentially have two embassies ( or more ... any eu embassy i think ) working to help me out . 
  anyway , to be honest it 's not that hard for educated americans to move to the eu if they have a job opportunity . 
  but it sure makes it easier if they just have eu citizenship . 
  the advantage is they would n't need to find a job prior to coming , or have a visa time restriction and race to find a job willing to pay the extra money in taxes to employ a foreign citizen . 
  so if the money is n't crippling financially for you , and if you 're more or less certain it would work , you should definitely go for it . 
  rofl , what a ludicrous thing to say . 
  i 'm both a french and us citizen myself , and the eu is certainly not `` pretty shitty compared to the usa '' . 
  there are of course some places and domains where the eu maybe is n't as good , but others where the eu does better , and naturally , other domains which are n't comparable in terms of better or worse . 
  it 's a big city . 
  if it were constantly dangerous it would n't be sustainable . 
  it 's still surely the most dangerous of the large cities in france , but that does n't mean that everyone is a victim of crime every day . 
  one can still be considered unlucky if they 're mugged there . 
  i feel they 're people who have strong feelings against israel , and also happen to be the usual suspects in delinquency , like in most western european countries . 
  so i tend to dislike comments claiming they 're just `` opportunists '' . 
  no they 're not . 
  they came to protest for palestine , and they 're also delinquents . 
  to put it in brute words , they 're typical hoodlums , who happen to be of muslim background and thus side with palestine . 
  i 'm however not suggesting that all muslim youths are looters , nor that all protesters for the palestinian cause are looters . 
  just that these guys are n't opportunists who just unassumingly joined the protest without having any prior opinion on the matter . 
  however , they mix things together , and will protest for palestine , and attack the french police as they bunch up everything they hate into one basket . 
  it 's understandable considering many russians are nostalgic of the glory days when their country was a super power alongside the us only . 
  imagine the trauma of the 90s when russia was relegated to irrelevance in a matter of a couple years . 
  for them , they 're just taking back what 's theirs , and regaining their place amongst the world powers , at least politically . 
  economically they still have a road to cross . 
  what 's sad for them however is that they 're mostly just alienating themselves from everyone . 
  russia could become a great relevant power again without having to bully everyone . 
  i feel everyone would love a `` nice '' russia . 
  it seemed relations were going well with europe in the early 2000s , but russia decided to go apeshit for some reason , although getting along could have been mutually beneficial , especially for russia which could have profited from developing to western standards and receiving admiration from ex-soviet states , instead of fear . 
  not only that , it 's the rebel areas of eastern ukraine which should be avoided . 
  this plane 's rout is not at all above those areas . 
  frankly it 's kind of ridiculous that planes are avoiding the entirety of ukrainian airspace . 
  there are no rebels in western ukraine with massive anti-air missiles ... 
  but i understand that airlines will still avoid all of ukraine airspace just to reassure passengers who do n't know the difference . 
  minerals , wealth , influence , power ... 
  it 's more often than not about more than just expanding their territory just for the sake of it . 
  for a second there i thought you were making a joke . 
  i almost missed the vehicle in the background . 
  i 'd add that the countries closer to russia are whaling but are n't doing much either considering they 're entirely dependent on russian gas , unlike the western countries where the dependence is rather small if not practically non-existent . 
  so in the one hand there 's those highly dependent nations who fear sanctions will hit them harder , and then there are the other nations who have little motivation/concern about the situation . 
  so we got two blocks whom for their own reasons ca n't agree to actually sanction russia in any meaningful way . 
  and the only way anyone will want to sanction russia meaningfully is if they 'd agree to all do it together - not just one country ( france for the warships , germany economically ... certainly do n't want to be the only ones hitting hard , especially considering they 're not really affected by the situation ) . 
  so as long as the eu does n't have one unified foreign policy , it will remain a soft power which any strong nation can trample over without suffering the consequences ( unless one nation or a few in the eu decide to take things in their own hands ) , despite the eu technically being the first economic power by far if it were considered one block . 
  so it technically could have some significant leverage . 
  the eu does n't take foreign policy actions . 
  the individual countries inside the eu do ( though they admittedly did not in the case of cyprus ) . 
  germany did n't support the iraq war . 
  with france and russia , it was one of the main countries against it . 
  otherwise , for the rest , i 'm kind of on the fence but to each his own . 
  i 'm not sure you 'll get a response considering i have n't seen many people , if at all , on reddit from those micronations . 
  however , i 've been to andorra back in the day , and i 'm pretty sure they like being a small country . 
  it 's like being an island . 
  they do n't get in trouble because they do n't matter , and they like it that way . 
  also their small size gives them an enviable high quality of life , and they would n't want it any different . 
  they 've always been small , so similarly they do n't feel embarrassed about it , and do n't have fantasies of glory , or power , competition and whatnot , and thus do n't have any feelings of shame either for not being the best . 
  what crimes did germany commit in 2006 ? 
  the films do take place in the us , but all the films are also partly set in sicily . 
  but in this case , in godfather ii , the protagonists go to cuba , and this old dude has heart problems but asks that his doctor be sent to him because the cuban doctor there ca n't speak english . 
  those chicks translating simultaneously . . 
  so weird . 
  it 's like when you accidentally open a youtube video twice , and thus the sound comes out for both videos but they 're slightly out of sink . 
  anyway , it 's quite a shame that a president needs someone to translate english to him . 
  in the godfather 2 a protagonist says `` i ca n't trust ( the opinion of ) a doctor who ca n't speak english '' . 
  soon perhaps , it could be the same for candidates for a top political position . 
  france is n't a small country relative to europe , but i remember after our veto of the iraq war how americans went apeshit , bashing their french cars , pouring french wine in the gutter , and congress renaming `` french fries '' to `` freedom fries '' . 
  the french news reported a lot of that craziness , because we were so fucking baffled by the insanity . 
  it almost became a freak show , like `` tonight on what are those crazy americans doing this time ! '', 
  well in the end of middle school history/geography class , we learn about `` modern history '' , and that 's essentially post-ww2 , or cold war politics . 
  at least that 's how it was some 14 years ago when i finished middle school . 
  surely now history class goes up the the 2000s , especially considering the importance of 9/11 for the current geopolitical situation . 
  in high school history/geography class , we learn about the main world powers ( usa , eu and japan during my time , now surely japan is replaced by china ) . 
  but i do n't feel we have actual political education either . 
  in high school there was an optional class called `` social education '' . 
  i did n't take it , as i took another option ( `` engineering science '' ) . 
  but i do believe that `` social education '' class must surely be about national and international politics . 
  but as i said , it 's not mandatory . 
  however , a class which is very prominent in france 's high school system is philosophy . 
  among the subjects studied ( philosophically ) are some politically related . 
  questions about freedom , the morality of a state or something , secularism . . etc. . 
  having a bumper sticker with your political opinion in france is probably the best way to get your car keyed !, 
   other factors are that there 's quite some voter mobility , especially compared to two party systems like in the us oh yeah , that 's a very good point and you 're surely right about this , as it applies to france too . 
  while there is a strong left or right wing base in france , there is also a very sizable part of the population which fluctuates from one to the other , even from far-left to far-right to take a more extreme example . 
  as for expressing loyalty to one particular leader , that 's actually still very strong in france , since in france we consider our presidents to be kings of sort . 
  however , it 's mostly about the individual person , and not whether he 's left wing or right wing . 
  so people might not want to associate themselves on social media to that one person , because they do n't want to be associated to the person 's party . 
  they like the person as president , not necessarily the party . 
  in france it 's considered somewhat rude to ask someone who he voted for , unless they 're very close . 
  politics , just like religion , are considered to be private matters and there 's thus a taboo of sorts in overtly revealing your opinions or beliefs . 
  this could explain the small number of `` likes '' for politicians on social medias , because that would be displaying to everyone , including to pseudo-friends you 're not very close to , what your political beliefs are . 
  also people are very opinionated , and that could alienate you from others if they do n't like your political beliefs . 
  so people will rather keep it mostly to themselves . 
  otherwise , the average guy in france will know the political leaders of the larger , more relevant , and closer european countries ; the uk and germany mostly , russia of course , but also to a lesser degree italy and spain . 
  an above average politically aware person will know about most european leaders . 
  humanities is great . 
  that 's what i studied at first . 
  but the competition is harsh . 
  go for science class . 
  many fields in humanities and social sciences can be filled by people who actually studied science .
