  it still gives more to the eu than britain does . 
  it still feeds its neighbors with its vast agricultural sector in an open border economy . 
  without the eu , france would give that lost money to its farmers . 
  that 's why french farmers are largely anti-eu , because they do n't see the cap as better than if all that money stayed in france . 
  the way i see it is if there 's political justification for funding scientific research ( of a non obviously violent nature ) , i 'm ok with it . 
  also , it 's surely hard to calculate the economic effect of an improved image the eu could get for being a leader in scientific research and space exploration . 
  americans showing the commies they were better : best space race ever . 
  another group which could work is benelux maybe . 
  also the iberian union i guess . . despite catalonian wishes for independence , catalonians still want to be in the eu , so it still makes sense for them to have a `` special relationship '' in some iberian union with the rest of spain and portugal . 
  there are however , hardships with my idea . 
  britain and ireland would go badly . 
  germany and austria would n't be well perceived . 
  france seems to have no one to join , nor does italy . 
  yugoslav countries would be a bad idea . 
  i do n't really know for central and eastern europe . 
  but maybe , these hardships can be helped if more countries joined . 
  for example , while germany and austria looks bad , it would n't look as bad if other neighbors joined in this sub-union , if you see what i mean . 
  the only germanic language i speak is english , but otherwise the germanic languages are fairly easy to differentiate , though granted , the scandinavian languages are a little harder , but i think i 'd manage differentiating the oral form ( not so much the written form ) . 
  the slavic languages , however , are much harder to differentiate , mostly , i guess , because they 're less known to non-slavs or non-eastern europeans . 
  i studied a little russian , and yet i still have a hard time recognizing slavic languages when i hear them . 
  the eu needs transnational heroes to reinforce the sentiment of belonging , and unity . 
  this may be difficult to do considering any historic personality will be more associated to some countries than to the others , and he 'll need to be a peaceful figure , because if not he likely fought against another european country ... 
  i was thinking someone like victor hugo , who represents a lot of the eu 's ideals , and also was one of the first to dream and write about the united states of europe . 
  however , as you know , hugo was french , thus other nationalities may feel left out . 
  then again , i remember reading a study about the designs of the euro bills . 
  it turns out most europeans would have preferred that the bills had pictures of real monuments representative of europe , like the eiffel tower , even though it 's not a monument in their country , and even though it 's likely not every eurozone country could get a national monument represented on the currency . 
  anyway , if we ca n't get a transnational european hero , maybe we can think of something else to reinforce eu unity and pride . 
  i 'm thinking of a pet project . 
  one of the most potent ones would be funding esa , and aiming for a high visibility space exploration project , and planting that eu flag somewhere . 
  everyone would feel involved as every country would be involved , through funding , or with their scientists . . also , as much as i like beethoven , the eu needs a new official national anthem with lyrics which can be translated , and work , in every european language , and the chorus especially needs to be very catchy and singable . 
  well , if others do n't nuke moscow , moscow will nuke itself anyway , and recover right after : [ here ] ( http://russianwomenblog.hotrussianbrides.com/image.axd?picture=2010%2f9%2fmoscow_fire.jpg ), 
  damn , i have to move way down the thread to actually find the right reason . 
  the main reason is , indeed , because europe is a post industrial society . 
  having kids is n't a necessity , and women have careers to take care of . 
  birth rates are also low in all post industrial societies . 
  birth rates in those societies , however , remain high amongst recent immigrants . 
  this is why the us has a renewed population for example , but white-americans , born in the us , have birth rates just as low as the average european . 
  after a couple generations , immigrant families start having just as few kids as the native populations . 
  culture does have an impact , however . 
  the mormons in the us , for example , have a high birthrate for white americans . 
  israel has a high birth rate as well . 
  those are exceptions . 
  how could it be from the holy grail ? 
  in the film , the french successfully block the british in their every path with their un-defeatable castles . 
  i 'm for it , however there is too much division between eu countries for it to work right now , and people are too scared of loosing sovereignty . 
  so i think it should be done progressively the following way : starting a federal union inside the eu . 
  say , two countries which get along well , become one federal country inside the eu . 
  then progressively , neighboring countries are invited to join . 
  preferably , this should start with some of the more influential eu countries , ie two of the original 6 founding members , or any large western european countries . 
  that would encourage neighbors to join the `` new thing '' . 
  another possibility , is that there are multiple federal unions inside the eu . 
  those federal unions would regroup similar countries , politically and culturally , thus making it less shocking to the citizens at being ruled by a supranational entity . 
  the most obvious supranational entity would be the scandinavian union , which i think could work . 
  others may be harder to create , but i think it could be done eventually . 
  having sub-unions within the union would have the advantage of reducing division in the eu , from 28 differing opinions to at least half that number . 
  agreed . 
  european federation should be the name . 
  well there are three main reasons why it 's offensive , other than the offense to historical accuracy : * cowardice and weakness are largely among the most detested flaws a person can have . 
  i do n't mind other french stereotypes , like that we 're rude , dirty or whatnot . 
  those are harmless and can be funny . 
  they 're on par with the level of offense of most other national stereotypes , like americans being fat and stupid . 
  they 're comparatively not as insulting as cowardly and weak . 
  * most french people have family members , or recent ancestors who have fought and died in recent wars . 
  my grandfather fought in the trenches in ww1 ( my father was old when he had me . . he was 50 ) , and he won a medal for bravery . 
  he met my belgian grandmother when he was stationed there after the war . 
  my uncle was a pilot in ww2 , and died in the initial german invasion . 
  my father fought in algeria . 
  wars are a large part of recent family histories in france , be it the world wars , indochina , algeria - back when there was compulsory military service . 
  there are only a few ( maybe half a dozen ) french towns which do n't have a monument to those who died in 20th century wars . 
  everyone understands that an american can feel proud or protective of his family 's military history , in ww2 , or vietnam . . well , here 's a scoop : it 's the same in france . 
  so it 's quite hurtful that our families who suffered during those wars are insulted by some jackass behind his computer . 
  * much of the time , the joke is spread through actual , genuine anti-french sentiment . 
  the joke took off largely during a hate fueled rage against france . 
  so very often , when the stereotype is mentioned , it is meant as a direct insult . 
  otherwise , i do find it ridiculous when a european from a country with a less impressive military history than france jumps in the bandwagon and uses the joke . 
  i 've seen norwegians , belgians , czechs , and slovenians , for god 's sake , jump in the american bandwagon like that . 
  very disappointing . 
  they should know better . 
  also , it seems every time france is mentioned in an international forum , there has to be at least one `` surrender monkey '' joke comment . 
  it gets really annoying . 
  when a post on france is on the front page of reddit , i know with absolute certainty that i 'll find that joke in the comment section . 
  maybe you should know , ww2 is n't the only conflict in history . 
  nope . 
  not a fair comparison . 
  cowardly is much more offensive . 
  and the surrender stereotype reinforces the stupid american stereotype , so it 's a no win . 
  the french have other stereotypes : rude , snobbish , dirty , which are fine by me . 
  yeah , i wondered a lot about that too , and as the other redditor said , i think the difference of treatment has a lot to do with the usual foreign policy of france and germany . 
  france has had , for decades beforehand , a very strong independent foreign policy . 
  independent from the us ' and nato 's . 
  germany was naturally closer to the us and nato because the iron curtain was right there , and because germany did n't have a large army anymore , nor nuclear deterrence , nor its own interests in its colonies or former colonies . 
  france however , remained a world actor and did its own things without us approval , sometimes specifically against us interests . 
  this has often pissed off the us government . 
  so the iraq war refusal was the icing on the cake after decades of france being so insubordinate . 
  also , france had veto power and used it . 
  germany does n't . 
  i believe it was donald rumsfeld who said `` we 'll forgive germany , we 'll forget russia , we 'll punish france '' . 
  france was the scapegoat , as it 's perhaps an easier target , because it 's also viewed as more liberal to conservative america . 
  yeah , admittedly , all the americans i knew ( from family and friends ) or met during my travels around that time , and with whom i spoke of the `` freedom fries '' , were very embarrassed about it and were apologizing to me as if we 're representatives of our nations  so i know , it was a rare thing . 
  but just seeing congress go with it was crazy .
