   tourism already is the main business of these capitals thankfully , that 's not the case at all , even for the super touristy capitals . 
  `` so that 's where i fragged 3 noobs with a single grenade . 
  good times '', 
  in general i 'd say the southern half of france has a larger proportion of beautiful towns , considering the area was less destroyed by the 20th century wars than the north . 
  but being a northerner , i 'm partial to the oceanic view and lush greenery of the north myself . 
  it appears more `` savage '' to me , whereas the mediterranean coast seems more `` tame '' . 
  if there 's one thing i 've learned working in the tourist industry in paris , is that a large proportion of non-european younger people ( under 25 ) seem to have a particular fondness for modern architecture , or rather , impressive massive contemporary sleek skyscrapers . 
  i 've heard enough times people complain that paris looks too old fashioned , to the point of boring . 
  maybe , in the apple-esthetic culture we live in now , old haussmanian architecture just feels like homework to younger generations . 
  i used to find that opinion insane , personally , but i 've kind of started to understand it . 
  i 've come to feel that perhaps there should be skyscrapers in the outskirts of paris . 
  for those who know the fran\u00e7ois mitt\u00e9rand neighborhood in paris proper , or the rosa parks neighborhood , their modernity is actually quite nice , and i feel they should have gone all the way and gone full skyscrapers there . 
  the val d'aoste is practically french though :p ^ ( it 's traditionally a french speaking region :p ), 
  saperlipopette !, 
  since no one is answering these threads , it 's because of this one that 's on the front page of this sub : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/54o51j/hello/, 
  the olympics is one of the few sporting events where `` britain '' is a unified team . 
  in most sports , the uk is divided in home nations ; england , wales , scotland , northern ireland ( in the olympics , northern ireland joins ireland 's team , to add to the confusion - so the british olympic team really is just the island of britain ) . 
  so i 'm guessing that 's what the finnish question is referring to . 
  france did demand that us bases in france be shut down , and they were . 
  it 's not unheard of . 
  i think other eu countries should do the same , and rather build their own armies . 
  but the us also has its interests in protecting those areas . 
  to think they 're just doing that out of the kindness of their hearts would be wrong . 
  not that i 'm disparaging it . 
  eu countries , especially in eastern europe , should be happy that the us is around . 
  and i do believe that in general they * are * immensely grateful . 
  good . 
  i was sorry that the famas was discontinued , and especially that france would use a foreign device instead of designing a new one for itself , but i 'm happy at least that france has chosen to stick to within the eu instead of the other choices it had in mind around the world . 
  it may not be economic patriotism , but it 's the second best thing if it stays in the eu . 
  internal troubles ( terrorism ) , identity crisis , poor harvests ... get ready europe , for a second french revolution !, 
  in france you can check out [ the most beautiful villages of france ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/les_plus_beaux_villages_de_france ) label . 
  it 's a fairly popular label in france , but apart from the occasional famous village , most are n't known and probably ignored by foreign tourists . 
  ah yes , the contest americans always bring up whenever france and food is mentioned , even when it has nothing to do with wine or the us . 
  the ban muslim immigration thing would n't do imo , diplomatically or practically , even with your system . 
  i 'd rather disallow residency visas for anyone from selected countries , or make them extremely hard to obtain . 
  the added benefit is that we do n't need to make a big deal out of it , as this sort of thing is already applied , but not strongly enough . 
  a canadian will have an easier time getting a visa in the eu than a libyan . 
  i 'd just make it even harder for the libyan ( or other countries ) , borderline impossible . 
  sure , there are christian syrians and whatever who 'd be affected . 
  but it their situation is dire , they can go through the political refugee process . 
  french soldiers patrolling heavily touristic areas in france has been commonplace since as long as i can remember . 
  though granted , there are more today than before the series of terrorist attacks in the last year or two , but in essence it 's still not a new thing . 
  i 'm just saying this less people think france has drastically changed . 
  it has used armed patrols of soldiers for its internal security since at least a couple decades . 
  your question surprised me so i looked him up , and indeed , he was born in switzerland . 
  wow , i always thought of him as unquestionably french . 
  i mean the question is never brought up , so i feel everyone assumes he 's french . 
  he 's referring to the huge influence french had on the english language since the norman conquest of britain . 
  so the netherlands and france get a +1 border on the carribean island of saint martin . 
  france gets additional +2 for french guiana . 
  now granted , the above are n't in europe , but then again , so are n't russia 's and turkey 's asian borders , which are still counted in the map . 
  for europe , spain and the uk get a +1 as their territories border eachother with gibraltar . 
  and spain gets another +1 for its territories in africa bordering morocco . 
  ( and yeah , kosovo is missing , and antarctica does n't count ) . 
  or mainly because they do n't have a top 3 level economy . 
  i mean poland 's gdp is below that of spain , the netherlands and even sweden . 
  it 's black philip . 
  baaa , baaa, 
  the french army was considered the 2nd army in the world , after germany 's . 
  i 'm not talking about number of soldiers . 
  of course in that regard russia wins . 
  i 'm talking in overall level of power . 
  that 's why i said the french land army was `` second most powerful '' , not `` biggest '' . 
  the uk took a couple years to reach the level of continental powers ( who naturally were more used to having large armies ) . 
  that 's normal , it was a naval power that just relied on a small expeditionary force . 
  but granted , by the end of the war it had not only drawn on its own large population , but also that of its colonial empire , making its army rival that of continental powers . 
  but that certainly did n't come overnight . 
  it 's a shame that belgium is n't playable as well . 
  they were extremely brave and sacrificed many lives . 
  but let 's be honest here , it 's hard to argue that the belgian military was as important in wwi as the french , german , british . . etc. 
  if you 're going to put playable factions for a wwi game , it seems inconceivable to omit the top 3 militaries ( the three i mentioned ) . 
  then there are the second tier armies ( russia , austria-hungary , italy , ottoman empire , and even the us ) which still seem more urgent to include in such a video game . 
   as for the french , i 'm not sure . 
  it seems a little ridiculous to not have the french be playable , but then again after the mutinies from what i remember they were n't too keen on going on offensives , so maybe that has something to do with it . 
  all sides and countries had mutinies . 
  france was the most keen on offensives . 
  not only because it wanted to retake its own country , but also because offensive strategy was in the french military mindset at the time . 
  it took a long while before the french military command realized they were wasting lives . 
  thus amongst the victorious allies ( so excluding russia ) france lost the most men in the war . 
  france also had a large part in offensives in the ottoman empire and most notably the balkans . 
  france was the second most powerful land army in ww1 , after the germans . 
  so france had the first land army among the allies . 
  that 's not up to debate . 
  that 's a reality . 
  at the end of the war , french marshal foch was made supreme commander of all coordinated allied forces . 
  france was the main victor of ww1 . 
  ( yes , yes , france would n't have won without its allies , i know ) . 
  so excluding france in a wwi game is ludicrous no matter how one looks at it . 
  that 's surely true in everyday american life in progressive cities , but for any frenchman who was online around the year 2003-2005 , the french-bashing from americans was very present , very strong , and i 'm unlikely to forget it . 
  i 'd go so far as to argue that the effect of that time period can still be felt now here and there . 
  all the `` surrender monkey '' stuff , though it existed before , it really took off back when we dared to oppose the war in iraq , and now even if one knows the joke is silly , the damage is done , everyone knows it , and france 's reputation for simple minds is pretty much sealed . 
  yeah , one french mod being deletion-friendly is an indication that `` french people '' in general `` are embarrassed by their local news '' . 
  please , own up and just make another thread complaining about that specific moderator instead of having a stupid-ass argument about french people in general . 
  how you could possibly think pointing the finger at all french people here with some ludicrous accusation ( `` embarrassed '' ? 
  wtf ? ), 
  would be better than just expressing your disagreement with one mod ( who happens to be french ) is beyond me . 
  edit : do n't get me wrong though . 
  i think local news should be allowed in this sub , and we should just let the upvotes and downvotes decide . 
  what clearly makes english a germanic language is its structure , and the basic vocabulary before it borrowed so many additional words from french and latin , and other languages to a lesser degree . 
  you can really see it in simple phrases like `` i love thee '' clearly similar to `` ich liebe dich '' and nothing like `` je t ` aime '' or `` ti amo '' .
