  and in an ex-colony of france in the middle of it 's zone of influence ( north-west africa ) ? 
  no way . 
  france , and more timidly the us for now , will surely not stand for this , and they will be backed by the whole world for any form of intervention - including by every single african country ( which indeed should be those who intervene on land ) . 
  i 'd suggest to these tuareg rebels that they enjoy their situation while it lasts . 
  because it wo n't . 
  yeah . 
  that 's actually really fucked up . 
  just please , the `` political view '' thing is kind of confusing ... 
  i mean , `` liberal '' , `` democratic '' , `` republican '' and all . . those are extremely uncertain terms , and one can be all three ... 
  i suggest a clear ground like : far left - mainstream left / socialist - green/ecologist - center - mainstream right - far right . 
  you got ta keep in mind that we 're from very different countries . 
  what i listed above may be the only general views that we can all understand - even though it 's painfully linear and does n't encompass the whole spectrum of political ideas , it 's better than last year 's confusion imo . 
  you should maybe get inspiration from the political groups existing in the european parliament for a general idea . 
  turkey 's population is growing fast , germany 's is n't . 
  in a few years , turkey will have a larger population than germany . 
  population number accounts for the number of meps - members of the european parliament . 
  in theory , the country with the most meps is more influential . 
  when turkey surpasses germany in population , which it will , if it were in the eu it would have the most meps , effectively making it the most powerful country in the eu parliament - even if its votes may be softened by other countries ' votes - a law would be passed with huge difficulty if turk meps do n't like it . 
  arabs . 
  sorry we have too many . 
  as an american ( i 'm a dual citizen ) , the only people in france who scorned at me when i mentioned i was american were arabs . 
  the ( real ) frenchmen either thought it was cool , or did n't care . 
  i ca n't imagine a frenchman spitting on someone for speaking english . 
  this just seems totally out of character . 
  now , maybe it did happen - but damn , that was either unlucky , or it 's one of these fake rumors which spread on cause people are stupid and they love idiotic stories like this to feel bad about . 
  france is the number one tourist/transit destination in the world . 
  living in paris , not two days go by without me hearing someone speak english in the street , and i 'm not exaggerating . 
  there 's bound to be some shitty things happening like that . 
  history maybe , i mean obviously since they 're europe 's neighbor , mostly as a foe of european civilization though , only occasionally as an ally to some european powers ( with francis i of france , or with the central powers during ww1 ) . 
  common history ? 
  sure . 
  common civilization , and continent ? 
  i 'm a frenchman living in paris , and lived in the suburbs , and i know the neighborhoods and towns that this reportage is talking about ( the barb\u00e8s neighborhood in paris - which i 'd advise every tourist never to go close to , and the suburban towns of saint-denis and saint-ouen ) , and i feel this reportage is absolutely accurate . 
  what is inaccurate in this ? 
  nothing . 
  maybe it 's not painting the broad picture like a sociology essay would , but otherwise there is nothing inaccurate in this reportage . 
  these neighborhoods are filled with immigrants ( you 'll have difficulty finding a non-halal butcher shop in those ) , they are unfortunately crime-ridden , there are drug dealers in every project . . etc. . 
  * having a larger population than any individual eu state thus it would make it the most powerful country in the eu . 
  * not being part of what is generally considered the european continent ( except for a small percentage of the country ), 
  well , there 's this organization called `` acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise '' which is composed of old men who were or are considered important authors or linguists , who frenchify english loanwords . . but they have no power to force anyone to listen to them and no one takes them seriously - the average frenchman still says `` cool '' , or `` ok '' , or `` email '' , or whatever . 
  however , it is true that french people who are actually well-learned ( a minority - since most people , anywhere , have little intellectual knowledge ) realize that france has a very strong literary history , and are thus understandably proud of it . 
  there is considerable incentive on literature here , because it 's so strong in the culture . 
  although i 'm french , so biased ( i am also american ) , it seems pretty well established to me that france does have one of the highest regarded literatures , in the same way germany and italy have one of the highest regarded classical music , the dutch in baroque painting , and many countries lead historically in other prestigious domains and arts . 
  to each his own . 
  for france , it 's their language . 
  but somehow that gets associated to being french-centric . 
  as a frenchman , i never understood this stereotype that french people are chauvinistic or whatever . 
  patriotism is practically a bad word in france . 
  `` i believe you are entirely incorrect since i have had plenty of discussions about immigration irl aswell . '', 
  yes , but clearly , you have the acceptable view on mass immigration ( ie , the pc i-live-in-a-dream-world view ) , so of course it does n't cause you any trouble irl . 
  people will hate me for my comment , but as a blond blue eyed guy brought up in a paris suburb and now living in paris , and having an immigrant mother myself , it 's not like i live in a bubble . 
  immigration , and concessions to islamic pressure and violence from ethnic gangs , must seriously stop . 
  now , i mock all religions myself , but islam does have special treatment , and when it does n't , they demand it . 
  people will say `` yeah but it 's a minority '' . 
  indeed , it is a minority who come off their asses to ruin everyone else 's life , but most of the others are passive , and many ( from experience ) , even if they do n't act , in their hearts they side with the extremists , because they 're muslim like them . 
  i know i have no sources but my own experience . 
  i 'm just saying that the day a european country becomes majority muslim , even if most muslims are westernized , the country will be in trouble . 
  actually , there are other studies which claim the opposite . 
  regardless , these studies only take into account the actions of the direct immigrants , not that of their children ( because they 're `` french '' ) . 
  i mean my mother is an immigrant and a very productive member of society . 
  those studies also do n't take into account the public money spent to fight delinquency , reparations , insurance , prisons , police ... because let 's be honest here , most delinquents are n't called jean-luc . 
  oh , and the right is n't opposed to immigration . 
  there were more legal immigrants accepted in france every year under sarkozy than there were under the jospin government . 
  immigration is capitalisms ' reserve army to keep salaries competitive . 
  it 's basic laws of capitalism : supply and demand works for people 's salary too . 
  so , you got things reversed . 
  it 's the left which supports immigration so strongly for purely ideological reasons . 
  are you french or british ? 
  you have a uk flag but you name german tv shows with their french title ... also , i 've never , ever understood the appeal of the banlieue 13 films . 
  they 're ridiculous . 
  sure , the action sequences and choreographies may be good , but otherwise the films are seriously retarded . 
  as a frenchman too , i love it , not `` them '' . 
  the sequel and american remake are obviously to be discarded , but the original is classic !, 
  as a frenchman , i 'd vote left if it were n't for their leniency with immigration . 
  they 're insane . 
  there was just a thread about where millionaires live , and apparently france has the most millionaires in europe . . so yeah ... http://fr.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/11r7xl/where_the_worlds_millionaires_live/ ps : i know millionaires do n't necessarily earn over 1 million a year - i was simply demonstrating that france does lead in terms of numbers of rich people ... 
  to be fair though , it seems they just chose a bad title for their article , because when reading the article it does n't seem to ignore this , and seems to appreciate the classic stereotypes in that movie . 
  otherwise , i read in the french press today that the film is fairly good . 
  hopefully , this is true . 
  the cartoon for asterix and the brittons was already one of the best animated films imo . 
  yeah , the walloon 's far-right party is called the front national - but their scores are like 2 % or less , their party is a joke . 
  the reason why i thought you were talking about the wallon fn is because you spoke of benelux , and especially , in france , the front national is much more popular than it was 5 years ago . 
  5 years ago , sarkozy had practically killed the fn by taking half it 's electorate , and the fn scored 10 % only at the presidential . 
  this year , the fn scored 18 % , and increased their total number of individual votes from the 2002 record when they were in the second turn . 
  the most famous militant french `` far-right '' group ( bloc identitaire ) recently released a propaganda video ( here it 's poorly subtitled ) and i got ta say that these guys are pretty good at this sort of thing : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lb8slnmiblm&amp;feature=plcp otherwise , from country to country , political parties labeled `` far-right '' can be extremely different but their common ground is of course that they are very patriot ( at least ) and strongly opposed to mass immigration . 
  other than that i find it difficult to stack them all in the same pile - many of them defend opposing economic and foreign policies . 
  are you talking about the belgian ( walloon ) front national ? 
  was it ever popular ? 
  well , if that 's how it 's going to be we 're just going to hang out with italy now . 
  sincerely , france . 
  i think brussels should be a nation-city . 
  while it 's majority french-speaking , it would be unfair if it stayed to the walloons ( french belgians ) , because brussels is historically a flemish city , and was only ( relatively ) recently `` francisized '' . 
  it 's kind of sad for the flemish - to have lost a big city due to demographics . 
  i 'm french , of walloon origins btw . 
  there are many countries in europe which are smaller than the city of brussels . 
  brussels could just be the capital of europe , and would thus not be affiliated with any country . 
  kind of like washington dc , which is n't part of any us state . 
  plus , who wants a city where in many neighborhoods women ca n't walk around freely without being called `` whores '' by the local oh-so-enlightened believers of the `` religion of peace '' , if you know what i mean ... 
  ok , it 's sad , but in the end , that 's how the world works . 
  there 's a paper media crisis , because information is going digital .
