  the decision of using french-speaking soldiers for this particular intervention would have been a no-brainer considering the intervention zone , mali , is french-speaking . 
  also , having bilateral armies , like the franco-german brigade , should be encouraged , and bilingualism encouraged , in order for things like that to be possible , for there to be a sufficiently large pool of brigades from different countries to choose from . 
  i 'm starting to imagine an erasmus-type thing , only with soldiers ... polish soldier gets , for his 5th year in the army , to exchange with a spanish soldier for a year . 
  during that time , they learn their respective languages . 
  best language learning program on the continent . 
  join the armed forces !, 
  funny , but unfortunately it 's not clever little add campaigns that will convince people to want to have kids . 
  needs government incentives to make raising kids easier , and less of a drag for one 's career advancement . 
  these sorts of places are always wasted . 
  there should be a bar in each corner/country . 
  well , greece , hungary etc. 
  are n't all there is `` down on the european continent '' . 
  there are many `` far right '' parties on the continent which are just as `` not that extreme '' as in sweden . 
   he who sows the wind will reap a storm this is an extremely common one in french ( `` qui s\u00e8me le vent r\u00e9colte la temp\u00eate '' ) and it 's from the bible . 
  i recognize a few others as well , so i do n't think most of those should be called specifically estonian , with their `` original expression in estonian '' . 
  good read nonetheless . 
  i hate to be that guy , but she was obviously just emotional and talking crazy , and surely was n't serious . 
  everyone does that . 
  even politicians when they think they 're having a private conversation . 
  the video is conveniently cut when she gets her senses back together and starts speaking about appealing to the hague international court . 
  one does n't go from calling for nuclear holocaust to human rights courts , if it 's not just senseless , emotionally-driven brain storming . 
  `` finland is russia 's face '', 
   what will be interesting is to see how corrupt they are actually , i 'd argue that under marine le pen 's strict party rules , fn electees could possibly be the least corrupt , because le pen absolutely knows any fn person elected mayor will be scrutinised like no other . 
  i 'm pretty sure riga is great , but being the `` european capital of culture '' is n't really that exceptional , considering a new city is chosen every year . 
  sure , the city needs to be culturally appealing , but i 'd say most european cities have a claim for the title . 
  lille and marseille were both chosen respectively around 2002 and 2013 , despite the fact that lille was practically a shithole before that ( for a city of that size ) . 
  it 's actually thanks to the title that lille has since grown considerably in attractiveness , and has improved a lot since then ( now it 's great ) . 
  anyway , looks good . 
  i 'd love to visit the baltic states . 
  article does n't say if the decapitated heads were found . 
  for some reason i find that detail important . 
  this dude still thinks we 're in the 19th century . 
  there 's no way poland would accept to share a division of ukraine with russia . 
  even if the poles wanted to expand their country , they know it would n't be wise in terms of international relations . 
  they have n't been very vocal in france , just how those who on reddit a few months ago would say we in europe do n't need armies are now no longer to be seen . 
  that particular town of some 26,000 people , h\u00e9nin-beaumont , traditionally a bastion of the left ( so much so that the mainstream right does n't even bother presenting a candidate in the town ) , is plagued with having had a very bad management in recent years from a corrupt left wing mayor . 
  the town itself used to be a mining city which is now in an unemployment crisis . 
  in the last decade or so , the fn pooled a lot of effort into getting that town . 
  it 's the fn 's pet project , and laboratory for winning local elections . 
  considering the fn was close to 50 % in that town in the last years , and was given a lot of media attention for it , the fn was bound to get through at some point . 
  ukraine : the new `` surrender monkeys '' ? 
  wow , they did n't even try . 
  i can imagine the confused german audience . 
  quite painful . 
  they have to invent new ones if the puns do n't work when translated literally , or they invent a totally new joke . 
  a notable example i can think of is in `` dumb and dumber '' . 
  after some crisis , in the original english version , jim carrey 's character says they should go to a place where there 's sun , and `` beer flows like wine '' , they should go to aspen . 
  jeff daniels ' character answers `` i do n't know , the french are assholes '' , presumably because he thought sunshine and wine was referencing france . 
  in the french version , they actually invent a pun . 
  carrey 's character says `` aspen '' , which kind of sounds like `` espagne '' , which is the french word for `` spain '' . 
  so daniels ' character answers in french `` i do n't know , the spanish are assholes '' ( in french `` les espagnols sont si cons '' ) . 
  now , there might be something about the french dubbed version not wanting to have a joke insulting the french , but i do n't think so . 
  it just works better with the invented pun , and a french audience would surely prefer a joke against a neighbor . 
  anyway , my point is that when films are dubbed or subtitled , they often have to reinvent a joke . . though sometimes it 's not possible and thus a funny moment in the original english version may be lost in the translation ( but i ca n't think of an example right now , considering it 's rare for me to have seen a movie in the original english version and in a dubbed version ... and i tend to not use subtitles ) . 
  also , i 'd like to say that when it comes to dubbing , some countries do a better job than others . 
  in france we like to criticize the dubbing industry ... but ultimately , we have real professionals who do their best to make it look and sound good . 
  jim carrey 's french counterpart is actually pretty good for example . 
  i 've encountered films dubbed in other languages , notably in some eastern european countries , where it seems they just have a narrator translating the conversations over the original english conversation . 
  absolutely horrible . 
  edit : i 've thought of another example from a jim carrey movie . 
  in ace ventura 2 , jim carrey says `` you must be the monopoly guy ! '', 
  to some dude with a mustache and monocle . 
  in the french version he says `` you must be colonel mustard '' , in reference to another boardgame : clue ( or cluedo ) . 
  i do n't know why they changed the joke . . 
  monopoly is just as famous in france as clue . 
  the comparison with asian children , and saying `` in medieval europe we were harsh too !, 
  '' , seems absolutely ludicrous to me . 
  it 's the mighty coalition of the willing all over again !, 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure that 's the case with all countries which have a capital city which is also the cultural and economic center of the country . 
  fucking provincials , just jealous of our greatness , 
  maybe the czech republic should start an incentive program for ethnic czechs to return . 
  i mean , it could somewhat help the low fertility problem . 
  by the way , that 's kind of what russia should be doing ( i know they do have those sorts of repatriation programs ... but they should go further into that ) . 
  tons of russians living in other countries , but russians are n't making babies . 
  that 's going to be a huge problem . 
  russia might want to encourage all those ethnic russians in ex-soviet states to come back to the motherland . 
  less the biggest country in the world might be ridiculously empty , or ethnic russians might be a minority in russia ... basically , think about your own citizens , in russia , before your diaspora . 
  i needed to google translate the last two lines , so for anyone wondering : i 've got a gun get in the cart, 
  thanks . 
  that does indeed put things into perspective . 
  it 's true ultimately that gas is starting to become somewhat of an `` old '' energy source , like coal . 
   the only place i 've encountered gas are in a few apartments in stockholm where people have it for their stoves thank allfather odin , because a steak can only be cooked properly with actual flames . 
  i guess i 'm unaware of the uses of gas , but i assumed that one needs gas for some industries , and that gas is n't only for basic energy purposes . 
  for cooking on a gas stove/oven for example , but surely for other big industries which would need actual gas rather than basic electrical energy ( which , as a frenchman , i know can be made with nuclear considering we 're the , or one of the most nuclear dependent countries in the world ) . 
  i know electric heating exists , but for example in my apartment in paris , i use gas heating ( it 's rarer than electrical in france , but still exists in some buildings ) . 
  is that not a thing in sweden ? 
  i often hear it discussed in france , but it 's rather presented as a problem for other eu countries . 
  according to the link op posted , france got some 14 % of its gas from russia . 
  i guess that 's still a lot , and it would cause major problems if it were suddenly cut off , but compared to others that 's acceptably low . 
  just wondering , where is sweden getting its gas ? 
  because neighboring finland , which according to the wikipedia article was getting 100 % of its gas from russia , should maybe start thinking about tapping dat swedish gas source . 
  not to mention that if your country is an eu country , sporting your country 's flag is just like having the eu flag too , since the country is a eu country ... 
  so yeah , those with the eu flag are either annoyingly trying to make a political statement , or want to hide their nationality for surely an obscure and annoying reason . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's some `` citizen of the world '' flair or some bullshit like that . 
  nothing you 're saying represents me as a frenchman or how in my opinion most frenchmen think . 
  they need to a good warm up if you ask me . 
   probably because `` czech republic '' exists only since 1993 . 
  and that must have been all over the news in 1993 ... 
  the only reason why many french people now know where , mali for example , is , is because it was on the news . 
  from then on , most of those who followed the french intervention in mali will know , for the rest of their lives , where to place it on a map of africa .
