  and i think it mostly still is for what i 've seen . 
   besides , is n't this protected by freedom of speech ? 
  france does n't have absolute freedom of speech unfortunately . 
  hate speech for example is punished by law ( i say unfortunately because what constitutes hate speech or not is quite open for interpretation - this limits constructive criticism , scares people off from expressing themselves - and is thus borderline authoritarian ) . 
  however , encouraging or praising acts of violence , i do understand that it 's punished . 
  whether that 's what dieudonn\u00e9 did here remains to be seen really . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with most of his positions , but overall he is actually pretty funny , and still now . 
  he has great timing and delivery . 
  before he became persona non grata he was largely considered one of the best comedians in the country . 
  poles are obviously a tasteful people . 
  i feel that in france at least , if i reported illegal immigrants the police would do nothing about it . 
  otherwise , maybe you should change friends if you do n't like them inviting illegals to your place without your permission . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not the normal life of the average berliner . 
  it would be awesome if there could be a street view with digital reconstructions of what we know of :p, 
  they want only what they can more or less manage to justify : countries with significant ethnic-russian or pro-russian populations . 
  i see what you 're saying , but sorry , i 'm french . 
  normans and basques are more different culturally than the flemish are to the dutch , despite common history . 
  bretons and alsatians are more different politically than the flemish and dutch . 
  and i 'm only french . 
  most other countries are more diverse than mine , let alone flanders/netherlands . 
  now i realize i 'm being an asshole here . 
  ultimately , its for you guys to decide whether you feel close to eachother or not . 
  apparently , if i consider what i 've seen on reddit , most of you do not think you deserve eachother . 
  ultimately , all i 'm saying is that if we take the rest of the world in perspective , you are n't that different at all . 
  only you guys see your differences really . 
  differences which are n't drastic compared to other countries ' diversities . 
  but you are of course entitled to have your own perspective on what should constitute a nation . 
  i just wish people would rather see what they have in common . 
  we already have federal or regional entities governing 5-20m people . 
  that 's what administrative divisions are for . 
  hell , france is trying to reduce the number of its smaller regions , because it 's a waste and pain . 
  but yeah , i guess we can agree to disagree . 
  i 'm against balkanisation . 
  i think we can easily get along and pool our resources in larger administrative divisions , ie larger nations . 
  and for the local level there can always be smaller administrative divisions . 
  yeah hehe , that would be awkward , but in continuing with my idea , i would support it . 
   plus , would n't it be possible to fight russia in the baltics while not shooting nuclear weapons at them ? 
  who knows . 
  that 's what the cold war was about . 
  do you have any idea what the global implications of nuclear war are ? 
  here 's my pessimistic view on that speech . 
  of course obama would have all these strong words for the defense of the baltic states and all other nato countries . 
  that serves to dissuade russia from trying anything . 
  but in case of a bold invasion of the baltics by russia , i 'm not sure anyone would do anything about it . 
  no one wants to risk nuclear war with russia . 
  putin might be crazy enough to risk it . 
  in the west we wo n't . 
  so it 's good that obama says all this , to try to scare russia off from trying anything , but i do believe russia could technically try it and still wo n't have to worry about warring western countries . 
  from an outside perspective , it does seem rather silly . 
  you 're not that different . 
  most countries in the world have way more different regions than the netherlands and flanders . 
  sorry but this insistence on regionalism just seems petty to me . 
  we should be uniting into larger and stronger nations , rather than dividing into little regions . 
  i know that with the eu we thus all think we can just separate into a europe of regions and whatnot . 
  i 'm of the totally opposite opinion , and think we should rather disregard our petty and mostly insignificant differences , and unite into larger states within the eu . 
  another bright side of a france-wallonia union would be that we would thus be the uncontested winners of best comic book country in europe . 
   anyway i agree . 
  sorry if i insult some walloons here , my grandmother was walloon , i only have respect for the culture , but there is no definitive difference between wallonia and the neighboring territories in northern france . 
  it 's only in europe that we feel we 're all so special that the slightest differences are reasons for regionalism . 
  do n't get me wrong , there is great regional diversity in europe , but that does n't mean each region has to be separate . 
  france is a great example of a very regionally diverse nation , and that 's why wallonia would fit right in with the others which each have their own thing , while still sharing undeniable cultural or historical links within the broader uniting french nation . 
  i 'm rather amazed it 's only there . 
  i mean it 's a very general , inclusive subreddit . 
  i understand that other subreddits like `` videos '' , `` funny '' , `` movies '' or whatnot have more subscribers . 
  but how could 300 subreddits have more subscribers than / r/europe ? 
  are there that many popular subjects of interest ? 
  is n't there an insult in italian which is the equivalent of `` fuck off '' , but literally means `` go to naples '' ? 
  is ... is there are german flag somewhere ? 
  just wondering . 
  that actually looks nice . 
  who knew you had nice things , brussels ? 
  i agree our government should cancel the deal , especially in light of recent events . 
  but this is n't about canceling some basic sale deal . 
  problem is the ships were n't built ex-nihilo by french labor , resources and materials alone . 
  russians were part of the building process . 
  canceling the deal would amount to russians giving france stuff , and france keeping it hostage . 
  basically , to be brief , the ordeal is n't just about russia giving money to france to build something for them . 
  france would n't be simply refusing to sell something to russia , or just reimbursing russia for the trouble . 
  ultimately , the problem is n't about loosing money and loosing jobs in france . 
  the ships already partly belong to russia . 
  they were built in saint nazaire because the port has the expertise . 
  but they were russian ships from the start . 
  as for the french people not protesting to pressure the government into canceling the deal , it is a sorry fact that the french , as do most western europeans , do n't feel particularly concerned or threatened by russia , and do n't really `` get '' or feel remotely close to eastern europe , including the ten eastern countries which were suddenly integrated all at once in the eu . 
  ukraine even more is a far away place , quite unknown and foreign . 
  there 's a great deal of education about these countries which needs to be made in france . 
  unfortunately for now , not enough people care or realize how bad things are . 
  i wish they did . 
  i 'd recommend you try to work in tourism , because many european countries need people who speak english properly ( probably not north germanic countries where people speak english well ... other countries , more around the mediterranean and eastern europe however might need more english speakers ) . 
  as a guy working in a hostel in paris , i 'm the only french guy working there . 
  all my colleges are foreigners . 
  try hotels , hostels , bars , touristic sites , services . 
  maybe another lead would be to work for some english-language school , not necessarily teaching english , but administration jobs and whatnot , which are often taken by native english speakers . 
  in paris for example , there 's the `` wall street institute '' for learning english which seems to be run a lot by native english speakers from all around . 
  do you know any language other than english ? 
  do you perhaps have at least some notions you remember from school ? 
  because ultimately , even though in a hotel for example you 'll mostly use english , it 's still pretty much required you understand the local language as well , because tourists are n't always foreigners . 
  edit : the problem however , is that for these `` unskilled jobs '' , it will probably be required that you already live in the country before you can get the job . 
  so you 'll need to save up , move to the target country , and then look for the local jobs once you 're there . 
  `` unskilled '' jobs wo n't hire you from abroad and wait for you to decide to move . 
  they hire local people who are already there and available .
