  it 's just some french people are embarrassed because they do n't speak it well , if at all , or otherwise it 's just rude for foreigners to directly speak to someone in english in france before asking the seemingly obviously polite thing `` do you speak english ? '' . 
  we 're not the rude ones in those cases  when hispanics immediately speak spanish to me in france before asking `` hablas espa\u00f1ol ? 
  '' , i find it rude too ( but i stay cordial . . but still , it 's obnoxious on their part ) . 
  no , i do n't think it 's wrong in the slightest bit . 
  in the grand scheme of things , war is irrelevant . 
  what does war have to do with a common identity ? 
  and much of the time , war was n't fought out of hatred like the modern wars are . 
  the franco-british enmity was an old rivalry , with mutual respect and a sense of honourable combat . 
  in comparison , the turks were always considered outsiders , which reinforces the sense of europeaness despite conflicts between europeans themselves and occasional alliances with turks . 
  but overall , every old country used to be fighting tribes which eventually united . 
  the ancient greek nation states fought eachother . 
  are you saying that means they do n't have a common background ? 
  the kingdoms of britain fought eachother for centuries before uniting and becoming england . 
  now i could do this for practically every country out there . 
  european civilisation is a thing , like western civilisation . 
  most of european civilisation inherited from greco-roman culture , then shared christianity , followed later by trends and ideas like the renaissance , the enlightenment , the `` age of discoveries '' and whatnot , making most european countries intrinsically linked culturally ( and ethnically , i 'd say , but that 's less of a requirement ) . 
  this is quite known for french people , but not so much abroad . 
  in the french constitution , under extreme circumstances , if the country is deemed in some sort of danger or something , the president of france can take full-powers in order to get shit done , essentially becoming a dictator . 
  it was used only once in the 60s , by president charles de gaulle ( of course :p ) , when there was fear of a coup d'\u00e9tat by the far-right military over keeping french algeria . 
  [ french wikipedia source ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_16_de_la_constitution_de_la_cinqui%c3%a8me_r%c3%a9publique_fran%c3%a7aise ), 
  i 'm assuming bosnia was christian before the turks invaded them ... 
   it 's pretty amazing considering they were at war with most of europe same thing under louis xiv , for some 60 years . 
  good times . 
  we do have compulsory military service in france . 
  it lasts one day around the time we 're 18 , we have to go to some barracks and sit around all day . 
  we get taught about civic duty and the usefulness of the military , we have to pass an `` intelligence '' test so the state can know if we 're legally retarded , and leftists and hoodlums act rudely to the army staff so they can show off at how they 're questioning authority . 
   and gb should be one of them , right ? 
  i 'm ok with britain having nukes . 
  it 's a moderate , stable democracy , and what stops it from using nukes is its own moral stance , more than fear of reprisals or international pressure . 
  the same ca n't be said for every nation on earth , sadly . 
  yes . 
  i feel at home wherever i am in europe . 
  the different regional and national cultures may be different , they do n't feel foreign to me . 
  i find european civilization beautiful , and it has accomplished so much for the advancement of the human species , and i 'm proud to be a part of it . 
  i know people say `` hur dur , how you can be proud when you personally did n't do anything ? '' ... 
  well i know i personally did n't do anything , but i 'm proud to be a part of it . . 
  i 'm proud of british scientists , i 'm proud of italian food , i 'm proud of germany winning the world cup ... 
  i 'm happy that i belong to a large group of countries which have a common background and future . 
  i do know that . 
  everyone wants to be their separate thing nowadays anyway ( uh , except the walloons being in a country with the flemish i guess :p ) . 
  but without wanting to offend , it 's by mere circumstance of history that you 're not french  ^ ^ the ^ ^ brits but people like the statu quo , hence why walloons are okay with living with the flemish who arguably do n't give them much love back . 
  ^ ^ come ^ ^ to ^ ^ le ^ ^ fatherland ... 
   as a frenchman/woman, 
  i 'd greet wallonia with open arms . 
  wallonia is n't doing very well economically , sure , but compared to the size of france ( in population , and economy ) it would n't affect our economy that much . 
  culturally , it would be like all our other regions which have their own identities , so i do n't see that as a problem either , not to mention the walloons fit well with the neighboring areas in france already . 
  dailymotion is slow as fuck for me for some reason . 
  do n't know why . 
  but thus i hate it . 
  shhh , do n't take away france 's and britain 's statuses as the main traitors . 
  who would the poles and czechs have to complain to for another 50 years ? 
  j/k luv ya all, 
  alright , if you 've never seen a far left party advocating for totally open borders , that 's on you . 
  i 've been to university . 
  i did n't make up jack shit and you know it . 
  i also judge people by their morals . 
  i 'm for gay rights . 
  i 'm for equality with women . 
  i 'm against death penalty . 
  i 'm for democracy . 
  if you think those 72 % immigrant kids in antwerp will be brought up by these western values , good on you . 
  i like your optimism , and your naivet\u00e9 is quite cute . 
  what strawman ? 
  i 'm saying europe should accept millions more immigrants . 
  billions even !, 
  i mean , there 's no limit . 
  you disagree ? 
  southern french would be `` bieng-venue anyway , there 's also this website : http://fr.forvo.com/word/bienvenue/#fr which could work for other languages . 
  pretty much the same in france . 
  though in france we have tv adds , but they 're quite strict . 
  on public channels , you get a 5 minute break where each candidate/party gets a minute or so highly regulated spot to promote themselves . 
  kind of weird to watch . 
  it 's like `` here 's a message from the communist party ... now here 's a message from the front national '' . 
  i 'd happily move anywhere in europe provided i get a decent salary for western standards . 
  i 'm not so interested in overseas territories though . 
  maybe he 's a dutchman of turkish background . 
  the system of election for these local councils makes it that the winner is the one who gets the majority vote . 
  in the second round of these elections , the runoff is usually against mainstream parties who pool a lot of the votes of the eliminated parties . 
  so it 's hard for the fn in particular as it would need to be the first party in rather large areas , in front of mainstream parties . 
  not to mention local elections are traditionally not where the fn gets its best scores . 
  in the last election of that kind , the fn only had 1 seat . 
  getting 62 now , and having general scores in the areas they were in between 30 to 40 % , is a major improvement . 
  eh , i guess i see what you mean , but it 's hard to consider france a `` catholic '' country , not to mention hollande is probably an atheist , or at the very least his beliefs are irrelevant . 
  in elementary and middle school , i 'd go to a special french-american school in another suburban town , and even then i 'd just take the normal public transportation buses . 
  no special buses for that specific school . 
  granted . 
  the article , however , mentions creationism as taught as an alternate theory to evolution , and that 's the same kind of problem . 
  from my experience , here it 's mostly muslims and evangelists influenced by americans ( and most notably , from what i 've seen , black evangelists - i 've known a few of those , really fucking weird ) . 
  good times . 
  history . 
  lol, 
  yeah , that 's the main problem really . 
  would really need a common foreign policy , and one that can act fast . 
  not deliberating between all 25 or so eu countries . 
  like for mali , france intervened without even waiting for un approval ( which it got later ) simply because there was no time as the jihadists were about to take a central airport . 
  imagine if it had to wait approval from all eu governments . 
  so a common foreign policy would imply an executive power held by few people , on behalf of all of the eu . 
  hard to imagine this currently . 
  that 's again why my strat for federalization is that it should be progressive , starting with a few countries here and there , until it takes over every eu country , 
  cyprus only has 3 unesco world heritage sites : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/table_of_world_heritage_sites_by_country you 're probably confusing them with national monuments , which obviously are much more numerous for each country .
