  i personally like britain , and i 've never met a frenchman who dislikes the british . 
  ok , where 's my nobel peace prize ? 
  for every romanian doctor , how many gypsies do we get ? 
  i 'd like to see this done for other countries . 
  surely , france is number 2 , perhaps still far behind britain . 
  who would be number 3 ? 
  spain ? 
  i 'm not british ( i 'm french , so in the end it 's kind of similar historically in terms of greed of conquest i guess ) , but to be honest , most big countries willed expansion . 
  it just so happens that britain , and western europe , were `` overpowered '' from the 18th century onwards . 
  so `` bloodstained '' , sure , but that 's cause they were stronger . 
  any other great nation or empire would have done the same , and they tried since sumer , and from the incas to the chinese . 
  i 'm pretty sure there was at least some british expeditionary force in some of these countries during one or both world wars . 
  belgium , in the fucking middle of military superpowers since 500 ad . 
  only sarkozy mentioned the word `` racaille '' when he re-used the word of an arab woman who was asking him to get rid of them ( racailles , not arabs ) ... 
  if muslims took it personally ( which they did , indeed ) , they are fucking stupid ( but that 's what the left told them , so yeah ... ) . 
  if they also think the left does n't send cops to raid criminal neighborhoods , they are also stupid . 
  if they do n't think the right also spent millions throughout the years for countless `` plans banlieues '' they are again , stupid . 
  i also fail to see how police raids are stigmatizing . 
  `` stimatize '' , i love that overused word . 
  whenever one criticizes or fights against something that is clearly wrong ( like crime , or radical islam ) everyone throws that word around . 
  anyway , i understand that it 's normal that muslims vote for them , it 's still funny how they do n't have the same values at all . 
  yeah . 
  i 've always found it funny that they 'd vote for the left although the left 's societal ideals ( like gay marriage for example ) is at the opposite of their own beliefs . 
  they vote for the left because the left is more lenient to immigration , and they perceive them to be more accepting of minorities , although the mainstream right and left are the same in that regard . 
  i was always under the impression that french cars are criticized because the french brands do n't really specialize in luxury cars , or fast motors and shit ( as opposed to german , british and italian brands often known for their luxury - ferrari , rolls royce , mercedes , audi ... ) . 
  however , as casual urban vehicles , french cars are fine . 
  my parents drive european cars . 
  we 're in france , where casual french urban vehicles are very strong in the market - they drive peugeot and citro\u00ebn . 
  they used to have a renault . 
  while your wording is kind of hilariously harsh , this bares some truth . 
  at least half of the obese people i saw in my life living in france tended to be african - for example these stereotypical african mamas in traditional clothing with sleeping babies wrapped on their backs in some tight cloth . 
  uh ... no ... it was muslims . 
  it 's practically a cultural trend in some hard neighborhoods for young muslims to act like dicks whenever the holocaust is mentioned in class ( either laughing about , sighing about how we `` always talk about jews '' , or saying it 's bullshit ) . 
  in the end , they 're just stupid kids ( i mean i 'm not trying to insult muslims per se ... ) who take their ethnic , historical and cultural background to an insane level . 
  yeah , and i guarantee it wo n't be a piece of cake , and in the end , only the better neighborhoods will actually follow these issues seriously . 
  i remember how talking about the holocaust was practically impossible in history class . 
  gays ? 
  no fucking way , and i was n't even in that bad an area . 
  i 'm saying that these leftist pc politicians live in fantasy land on top of their golden tower , thinking that all they need to do is say something and it 's implemented , and thus the next generation is open-minded . 
  they may legislate that schools need to talk about gays , transsexuals , and antisemitism/holocaust , but in practice it 's a very difficult thing to do in muslim-dominated schools . 
  there are still decent places to live in , even in big cities and suburbs . 
  as a frenchman who has lived in difficult neighborhoods , i 'd love to see how this goes in muslim-dominated schools . 
  yeah . 
  that was in the late 80s . 
  i 'd say it has to do with the electoral system for the national assembly . 
  for example , the far-right party called front national got 13 % in the last elections , and was appointed 2 deputies . 
  the far left front de gauche got 6 % , but around 10 deputies . 
  that 's cause to have deputies , you need majority votes in a certain territory ( each deputy is appointed to a territory ) . 
  the far left won more territories , but on the national level had fewer votes . 
  thus the actual law makers do n't really represent the population . 
  many people in france call for a proportional assembly , so that it actual represents the electorate . 
  also , maybe there 's something about how , in times of crisis , the president has the right to declare a state of emergency and take full power . 
  yeah , you heard that , the french president has the legal right to become a dictator if he wishes it . 
  i guess as well that perhaps the french system is considered too centralized . 
  well , my view is that federalizing europe is more likely to happen if the eu is doing well . 
  in this time of crisis , the electorate feels more disillusioned with the eu , which used to promise prosperity . 
  people would be more inclined to accepting a federal europe if they thought more integration would lead to more prosperity , yet the opposite view is rising . 
  the electorate not only influences political decisions , the politicians in the assembly would also be unwise to make drastic federalization moves with the prospect of some countries leaving the eu if it happens . 
  now perhaps they are politically stupid and will accelerate integration . 
  if they 're not , they should keep their heads down , and stay `` moderate '' about more integration , at least until the crisis is behind us . 
  it 's probably in the `` social/political sciences '' category , not exact science , sure , but mostly reliable i 'd say ... 
  according to the democracy indexes of 2006 and 2011 ( both at the end of his individual terms as prime minister ) , italy was n't considered a dictatorship or authoritarian at all . 
  in 2011 it was considered a `` flawed democracy '' , like france , india , south africa ... 
  still in the top countries for democracy . 
  i do n't think the eu would be much different in 8 years . 
  ultimately , 8 years is a very short amount of time . 
  before 2020 , i gather we 'll have two european parliamentary elections , and either one or two national elections for country leaders ( presidents , ministers ... depending on the countries ) , and while perhaps some `` extremes '' may get more votes , i do n't see any major leadership changes . 
  i also do n't see current european leaders and represented parties making the drastic and bold move for a federal europe , or others for leaving the eu , in only 8 years . 
  i guess it all depends on how the crisis worsens , but it 'll have to get much , much worse for drastic changes to happen . 
  yeah . 
  weird choice of a photo considering berlusconi is n't even mentioned in the article - and i would n't have called him a dictator even though he had a certain extent of media control . 
  the invasion of tibet ( 1950 ) which lead to the sino-indian war ( 1962 ) . 
  otherwise , similarly , up until the 90s there were skirmishes and conflicts with vietnam , and china has given pressure to practically all it 's neighbors for one reason : border conflicts , ie it wants to expand on all sides and thus has border conflicts and claims with practically every neighbor . 
  the last one being japan a month ago . 
  sure , it does n't engage as much in war as the us , but keep in mind that in the last decade the only illegitimate war the us engaged in was iraq . 
  before that , the us had a bad influence on latin american states for example , but at the same time china was supporting dictatorships in it 's zone of influence , up until today with north korea ( and syria ) . 
  they do the same thing , at a lesser degree of course since china is n't as strong as the us , but the main difference being that in the us , the people can protest the wars and criticize the government . 
  italian ? 
  really ? 
  i 'd much prefer their wine , which , as a frenchman , i 'd say is at the same level in quality as france 's . 
  but italian beer ? 
  it 's unheard of to me . 
  :p belgian beer ftw !, 
  we can criticize the us in many ways . 
  let me repeat that , we ** can ** criticize the us in many ways . 
  ultimately , there is absolutely no contest between china and the us when it comes to the defense of basic freedom of speech values and human rights . 
  now , do n't get me wrong . 
  the us has done very wrong things lately , and still does , and the us system has some very rotten aspects , but i much prefer the us as the world dominant power than china , because the core values remain different , and it always makes me roll my eyes when i see europeans stupidly root for china , although it 's miles away from what western countries have accomplished in terms of moral values - and you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  yeah . 
  well , france still has these neighboring regions of belgium and germany where there actually is some quality beer . 
  yeah , cause china , with all it 's controlled medias , totalitarian leanings , questionable trade ethics , and values , is so much better than the us ... amiright ? 
  i 'm not defending the us as the sole defender of democratic values - there are many things the us can be criticized for - actually , that 's the difference . 
  us citizens can actually criticize , insult and mock their government . 
  think about it . 
  welcome to the europe subreddit , where we speak of european countries . 
  i 'm pretty sure the title of the article got it wrong . 
  the correct title is `` turkey will lose the eu '' . 
  yes !, 
  i totally agree about the h and i 've pointed this out to other french people countless times . 
  what 's weird is that when french people speak english they often pronounce an `` h '' sound at the beginning of a word although there is no `` h '' in there , and bizarrely , they do n't pronounce the `` h '' sound when there is an `` h '' .
