  people ca n't know everything !, 
  they easily account for 10 % , if we add all the parties together , even discounting the far left elements of the greens . 
  but anyway that 's not the issue imo . 
  le monde focuses against the far right , because it 's a left-leaning mainstream newspaper . 
  it 's fine . 
  they can do that . 
  but it 's not a `` neutral '' newspaper . 
  le monde is rather left leaning . 
  perhaps one can call it `` center-left '' . 
  they even have a blog devoted solely on `` deconstructing '' the far-right , called `` droites extr\u00eames '' , which gives a certain indication of their political orientation . 
  also , there 's some clause in the constitution wherein if there 's a major crisis , the president can just say he now has full powers , and can thus become acting dictator . 
  i believe it has only been used once , during the algerian war , because of the threat of the oas ( right wing pro-french-algeria paramilitaries ) . 
  de gaulle gave the powers back after , but still pretty crazy ( and cool ... we french like having a president-king ) . 
  i would say that perhaps the french , along with italians , spaniards and latinos in general , have in their culture a more outgoing stance when it comes to courting ladies , and a more macho stance ( a man has his place , and this includes being romantic ) , more so than other western countries . 
  the clich\u00e9 i have for non-romance-language countries would be just two people who like eachother and decide to go out . 
  like an arrangement . 
  or it just happens somehow , maybe after a `` date '' where there 's subtle flirting , but no actual straight , smooth talking . 
  here , actual courting is more of a thing . 
  but ultimately it 's way overblown , and the difference is very subtle , and most guys are certainly not womanizers . 
  i 've had my moments ( when i was drunk enough to not be shy , but not too drunk to be a total douche ) , but in general i 'm no womanizer . 
  i 've had more luck with foreign women who imagined it just because i 'm french . 
  that 's quite practical tbh . 
  definitely cut some cities out . 
  i 'd say you can cut venice out . 
  it 's nice architecturally , but it has unfortunately become a city-museum , a tourist trap . 
  and what are you anyway ? 
  a couple in a romantic trip ? 
  rome and florence should definitely be enough for you to get an italian cultural overdose . 
  then again , i realize venice can be organized as a logical step down south to rome . 
  perhaps change it to milan . 
  i 'd avoid brussels personally too . 
  no offense to belgians , but i do n't think it 's a very nice city to visit . 
  you should definitely stop by a more modest belgian city and try their fries , and mussels dishes though . 
  but overall , that 's too many cities . 
  i work in a hostel in paris and i find it a real shame when tourists just drop by for one night only to leave early the next morning to another destination . 
  there 's no time to see anything , or to taste the culture . 
  tourism is n't a marathon , it 's about the experience . 
  if your experience is mostly train rides and exhaustion , there wo n't be much to remember or learn from it . 
  anyway , use hostels . 
  they 're fine in europe , and all over . 
  i like francis i ( fran\u00e7ois 1er ) , because he bitch-slapped english henry the 8th during a `` friendly '' wrestling game . 
  how 'd you like [ that ] ( http://p8.storage.canalblog.com/83/36/405738/54625841.jpg ) to stand over your humiliated defeated body , in front of your entire court ? 
  that 's a shame , cause the castles . 
  so many freakin ' castles . 
  agreed . 
   also , i 'm pretty glad they were the ones to liberate western europe . 
  i mean , if they 'd stayed out of it , france and the rest of the west would have spent 40 years as warsaw pact members . 
  no thanks . 
  maybe even more than 40 years , maybe still today . 
  while the proxy wars between the us/west and the ussr were in asia , africa , latin-america , the center of the fight was in europe and it was an economic one . 
  the west showed how given time its economic stance was the victor . 
  i do n't know if the cold war would have ended so `` fast '' if all of europe was in the ussr 's hands , with the us only having a handful of strong democracies as allies ( canada , australia , japan ... ) . 
  actually , they score poorly on equal rights and economic mobility , so the guy claims that makes them bad muslims . 
   if a country , society , or community displays characteristics such as unelected , corrupt , oppressive , and unjust rulers , inequality before the law , unequal opportunities for human development , absence of freedom of choice ( including that of religion ) , opulence alongside poverty , force , and aggression as the instruments of conflict resolution as opposed to dialogue and reconciliation , and , above all , the prevalence of injustice of any kind , it is prima facie evidence that it is not an islamic community the guy took everything that 's bad , and said it 's not muslim . 
  everything that 's good in modern western moral philosophy is `` muslim '' . 
  this is entirely his interpretation of islam . 
  it rather seems to be another more subtle way for him to say how islam is a religion of peace and tolerance . 
  also , france has stronger laws against hate speech ( which some would consider an infringement on freedom of speech ) . 
  due to that , in france we do n't have extremist muslims protesting with very radical banners . 
  if that happens , they 're quickly arrested . 
  i went to the southern coast of spain , and the young people that i met there hardly knew a word of english too . 
  same as you , i had to use my broken spanish to communicate with them . 
  that surprised me . 
  i mean in france we suck in english , but i 'd think that in the larger cities at least , most young people could at least hold a basic conversation in english . 
  i 'm obviously not talking about national minorities . 
  there 's an entirely different political and social dynamic concerning national minorities . 
  some of the signatories surely do still have some political influence , but ultimately you 're right , this is just the usual campaign from people who voice their opinion ( and they have the right to do so ) but wo n't be the ones suffering the consequences of having to deal with angry obama and whatnot . 
  what i meant is that instead they want to change german society . 
  i do n't see one or the other as more of an `` impossible effort '' . 
  the more just effort , however , is to change their own community , not the adoptive country . 
  i 'm pretty sure that turks in turkey do n't recognize immigrants ( if there are any ) as turks . 
  it takes a while for a country to accept immigrants as nationals and integral parts of society . 
  currently , this sort of acceptance is only widespread in western countries . 
  try being an immigrant , or of immigrant origins in a non-western country , and see how you fare there . 
  especially if you 're as numerous as immigrants are in western countries . 
  it 's a complex situation , but the effort must come from both parties . 
  i have no doubt some seemingly well integrated turks have a hard time , but maybe they should understand that other members of their community are n't as desirable as they are . 
  maybe they should pool their efforts in improving their community , rather than trying to change german society into accepting the unacceptable . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  i went there for christmas . 
  my plane arrived in the evening . 
  i took the metro and then had to walk a little to the hostel , and i was ill prepared for the crushing cold that first night . 
  damn that was painful . 
  nice city otherwise . 
  uh , well it seems that obama was going on to make a toast , when the `` etiquette '' was to stay stoic during the playing of the anthem . 
  ouch , that was painful . 
  what i 'm saying is that it was a collective effort ... and it 's hardly a stretch to imagine that the allies could have eventually defeated lone germany without the ussr . 
  the latter mostly survived in the first place thanks to allied aid . 
  and on the western front germany was facing the industrial and manpower might of the us and british empire and commonwealth . 
  they had no chance imo . 
  but ultimately , the question is n't about how horrible it would have been under nazi rule . 
  it 's about thank fucking god the ussr did n't advance further . 
  the soviets lost so many troops because they were wreckless . 
  now their courage is to be appreciated , but ultimately they sent troops to be canon fodder like few others have , including the germans . 
  we 're talking about a totalitarian state with little regard to human life . 
  thankfully , a western front was created and at least western europe got to create free societies . 
  if the ussr had `` liberated '' europe to paris and beyond , can you imagine how the world would be ? 
  i do n't know if the us could have stood without it economically during the cold war , and europe would probably still be under very strong soviet influence . 
  you do n't need to be humble , man . 
  good thing for d day , and the allied landings in italy as well .
