  the design just looks pretty oriental to me . 
  i 'm not saying this to insult or anything . 
  it simply was my first thought . 
  actually , there were many types since every company picked up on it , so i ca n't find a pic online of the type i had . 
  this is just my personal experience . 
  i had a blue calculator with yellow buttons , reflecting the eu flag . . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i kind of live here :p, 
  yup . 
  those fat ass blue calculators with yellow buttons . 
  portuguese coins are very common in france . 
  i find them kind of weird . 
  they look like they have arabic symbols or design . 
  anyway , you could multiply everything by 2000 no ? 
  i mean a difference by 63.73 was surely pretty insignificant . 
  yeah , the germans had it easy . 
  in france we had to multiply the euro price by 6,5 approximately , to get the number in francs . 
  but a usually easy conversion would be that 15 euros was nearly 100 francs . 
  so i 'd count in fifteens . 
  if something was 50 euros , i knew it was some 330 francs or something . 
  well it 's more like `` 100 % french beef '' and shit like that . 
  i just put `` product '' as a way to encompass it all . 
  but yeah , usually it 's just `` made in france '' . 
  but ultimately , i do n't see the difference . 
  saying `` 100 % something '' just sounds kind of brutal , when it really is n't . 
  same . 
  i 've only seen these little things , not really used as a way of promotion like other `` brands '' like `` 100 % french product '' , or `` made in brittany '' or something , which those are used as selling points and proudly displayed . 
  . . and gave them money to leave , which they promptly took before coming back and starting the process over again . 
  sarko 's government just did this to get numbers about how `` harsh he was with immigration '' , though more immigrants came legally to france under sarko than during any previous government . 
  me too . 
  i agree . 
  but the attention this is getting kind of ironically proves his point , though admittedly it was n't very clever of him . 
  whether one likes ukip or not , the media are like vultures . 
  i ca n't stand their partisanship and sensationalism anymore . 
  a couple days ago , the latest news was that france was pretty much drastically lowering its military budget . 
  that does concern me . 
  what does n't concern me is nato loosing some european contribution . 
  you 're trying to diss france with some random video while mentioning the highly successful french intervention in mali ? 
  agreed . 
  in france , my blonde or dyed red-headed female friends get a lot of attention ( by that , i mean they 're more regularly brutally hit on , if not insulted ) from non-whites . 
  i heard that blondes in immigrant neighborhoods in sweden or norway sometimes tend to dye their hair black to get less attention . 
  same for me . 
  my hair was practically albino white when i was a kid . 
  now , as a young adult it 's light brown or `` dirty blond '' as some say . 
  i personally think it sounds ugly , and i 'm saying that without wanting to be offensive or racist . 
  but `` cool '' is the last word i 'd use to describe the sound of arabic . 
  i mean , if i want to sound stupid i say `` hamdoulilaaaa '', 
  yeah , it is offensive . 
  there 's another relatively popular tshirt which is worse , that says `` je baise la france jusqu ' \u00e0 ce qu'elle m ` aime '' ( `` i fuck france until she loves me '' ) . 
  some countries have some strange rules in order to give citizenship , however i feel that these things actually truly do separate those who really want citizenship from those who just take it when they have the opportunity . 
  in france , it 's more like an opportunity immigrants have after some time , a time that they would have spent regardless . 
  so they take it cause it 's always better to have citizenship of the country you 're residing in . 
  i feel one should have at least a little `` annoying '' road in order to obtain citizenship , just as a way to filter out those who do n't really care . 
  i 'm not really trying to defend farage or anything , but the thing is that what she 's saying is ridiculous nonesense and i understand farage 's incredulous expressions to her stupid comments . 
  let 's go at it point by point . 
  - farage being a a descendant of french huguenots . 
  the french huguenot migration to the uk was limited in numbers , of a compatible culture/ethnicity , and the huguenots brought with them a lot of wealth and skill . 
  nothing to do with today 's massive immigration of unskilled `` exotic '' labour . 
  not to mention i 'm not sure farage is that severe against immigration . 
  his position seems quite moderate for what i 've heard . 
  - `` is it not the case that without immigration , women in your country would grow mustaches because you would have ended up marrying your first cousin ? '', 
  that 's an absolutely ludicrous statement , and i 'm trusting redditors are smart enough to realize this ... 
  also , this does n't include regional parks , which tend to have a less strict protection than national parks , but are [ much more numerous in france notably ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regional_natural_parks_of_france ) . 
  i feel rage when i see how some muslims and arabs disrespect the countries kind enough to let them in , to let them live freely , although in their country of origin there is no freedom like the one they enjoy here . 
  my experience is n't with this documentary alone . 
  i 've lived in ethnic suburbs of paris , and the ungrateful discourse is the same . 
  their racism against the native europeans the same , their disrespect the same . 
  yeah , i realize that . 
  that 's why i said `` some '' . 
  i 've known people here , in france , who could n't place japan on a map for example . 
  i 'm currently watching the first video which i had n't seen : http://www.vice.com/ground-zero/mali damn ... these malian army troops seem to enjoy just firing their rifle nonsensically in every direction like they 're rambo . . 
  unless they 're just showing off to the camera , that means the european soldiers sent there to train the malian army have quite some work on their hands ... 
  this sort of confusion from some internet ` murican idiots always happen but i 'm both amazed and enraged every time . 
  for example when russia invaded georgia , the country , we got some hilarious messages from concerned americans from the us state of georgia claiming they did n't see russian tanks anywhere :p, 
  what does this have to do with my comment ? 
  in france , when there 's some sort of `` level red '' terrorist threat , one sees actual army soldiers with famas assault rifles just casually patrolling public train stations or tourist areas . 
  it 's a pretty common site since decades . 
  yeah , i was going to mention these soldiers with their famas . . it 's pretty intimidating ( though , that 's the point . . a deterrent ) . 
  however , i heard their guns are n't loaded . 
  their magazines are in a tight bag , in some back pocket . 
  basically , if these soldiers happened to fall over and flex their index finger , they would n't accidentally shoot ... 
  it 's still pretty intimidating to see these guys walking around in a crowded station in full warzone gear . 
  in france , kids are forced to go to school until age 16 . if a kid did n't flunk , that age corresponds to when we enter high school or something . 
  after 16 , they can legally choose to quit school . 
  i agree with this . 
  public schools before university are entirely free . 
  i agree with this . 
  most universities are public too ( except an entry fee of around 300 to 600 euros ) . 
  i agree with public universities , however , i think there should be a stronger selection of students before entry - because how the system works , in general anyone can get into any field after high school - i think the fields which demand fewer students ( like , say , sociology ) should have selections of some sort , because the state wastes too much money schooling a bunch of kids on university programs with little future , most of these kids waste their years in programs which wo n't get them a job ( i 'm not saying sociology is useless , i 'm saying too many kids study sociology - most wo n't work in anything related to that because there are n't enough jobs looking for sociology majors - so there should be a limited number of places for students who want to study sociology . . for their own good ) . 
  otherwise , in middle and high school , i feel there is n't enough sports education . 
  it 's half a day per week ( three hours or so ) . 
  that 's not enough . 
  i think it should be at least two half days per school week . . say tuesday afternoon and thursday afternoon . 
  that 's not the legion . . and there are only 2 legionnaire brigades out of the 35 + infantry brigades currently in mali . . 
  i 'm getting pretty sick of people assuming the legion does all the combat , when in fact it 's just a tiny part of the french army ... 
  i did n't say you said paris hilton and sofia are proof of riga being a name ... 
  the situation is good . 
  only 5 french soldiers killed ( although they 've done most of the work - other african armies lost many more however ) , all the major cities recaptured , and the french and african governments armies are routing out the last islamists in the [ difficult terrain ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptxulc0g_60 ) of the northern mountains of mali . 
  there were up to 4000 french soldiers in mali , but the first hundred have started to come back to france . 
  so they are leaving progressively , which is why the media is talking about it again .
