  so for every religion , we simply expect it to not be in public space . 
  i feel people do n't get french secularism ( `` la\u00efcit\u00e9 '' ) . 
  if foreign news articles , and discussion threads are to be believed ( especially from americans i find ) , the french are deliberately being islamophobic/racist on a political and institutional level , targeting muslims specifically , because we hate them , and that 's why `` youths '' riot apparently ... because public teachers ca n't wear burqas :p ... 
  i actually can understand why foreigners think france is in the wrong , because on paper our secularism may sound kind of brutal , but most french people will defend the current form of french secularism because we think that 's right . 
  because that 's how it 's been legally for over a century , and the idea 's been around since longer . 
  it 's part of our culture and identity by now , the way we do things , and we genuinely think it 's the right thing , that it offers republican equality . 
  it depends on the country . 
  in many presidential ( or semi-presidential ) republics like the us and france , the president can do quite a lot of stuff , in addition to representing the country like a king or a ceremonial president . 
  i believe in france people mostly say he 's from the north pole , but otherwise finland would be the second most common choice imo . 
  but those are modern , northern influences of father christmas ' mythology . 
  jesus christ , you 're completely missing the point . 
  forget it . 
  i think you did n't understand what i said at all . 
  i said the relationship with alcohol was different . 
  as i said , french people drink all the time , wine at every meal , and that probably accounts for why the french drink significantly more than other people on average . 
  because we do n't necessarily associate alcohol with just partying , and binge-drinking . 
  alcohol is a casual drink for us . 
  it 's not really an ethnic thing though , considering it includes the us with all it 's diversity . 
  it 's more about the predominant language and civilization/society/culture . 
  we say anglo-saxon countries , though in meaning we 're rather thinking the anglophone western countries which had strong british influence . 
  it 's usually limited to the uk , ireland , canada , us , australia , new zealand . 
  yeah , thanks , that 's what i was trying to convey . 
  but it 's just my hypothesis as to explain why the bretons binge drink like the british do . 
  and some bretons have told me that 's the reason , that drinking is `` celtic '' . 
  but a professional sociologist may have another explanation :p . i 'm just some guy talking out of my ass . 
  heh , the thing is that i 'm half american , so i actually speak english with a straight american accent ( a `` neutral '' american accent if i dare say so ) . 
  well , i 'm assuming it 's for the same reason mediterranean/warmer european countries generally have better food traditions than northern/cold countries . 
  warmer climates have a larger choice of ingredients which make for more intricate dishes , longer warm/mild periods simply allow for nice culinary endeavors . 
  cold northern countries thus rather eat comfort foods ( potatoes , roots , butter . . ) , including what they drink ( beer , cider , mead , vodka ... ) . 
  when your subsistence is largely about comfort through harsh winters , it 's not hard to imagine that through modern times this persists with a stronger binge drinking culture . 
  it seems that what we call `` anglo-saxon countries '' ( ie western english-speaking countries ) have a very different relationship with alcohol than we do . 
  we drink wine all the time , at every meal , but it 's rather moderately . 
  a nice glass , here and there . 
  a good wine compliments a meat dish , or a cheese . 
  it 's almost essential . 
  americans , on the other hand , ( and stereotypically , brits , irish , and aussies as well ) , seem to associate alcohol with getting pissed/smashed/drunk as fuck . 
  i 'm not saying that binge drinking does n't exist in france , especially amongst the youth , just saying that in france alcohol is more `` democratized '' as a high standard beverage , while anglo-saxon countries associate drinking to partying on a more systematic basis than we do . 
  what i 'll say next may be controversial with other frenchmen , though i think it illustrates my point . 
  the most recklessly binge-drinking region in france is brittany , the celtic region , and to me that comes from the irish influence of what it takes to be `` celtic '' , ie there 's `` british-isles '' influence . 
  i feel there 's a youth culture which associates heavy drinking with regional celtic identity . 
  the point here is yeah , culture is a huge factor . 
  every frenchman will agree . 
  that 's our christmas movie . 
  i 'm almost proud we have our own movie while half the people here are sadly answering `` home alone '' , which is a good film , but it 's american . 
  do n't you people have your own movies ? . . 
  reminds me of the eurovision where most sing in english instead of their language . 
  and then * we 're * systematically the bad guys because we dare speak our own language , or value our own culture . 
  it 's not chauvinism if i wish everyone else did the same . 
   yes , it 's . 
  just so you know , this sentence is wrong . 
  you spell it out `` yes , it is '' . 
  you say `` it 's '' when it 's followed by a subject/noun . 
  `` yes , it 's a latin language '' . 
  just like you say , `` yes , he is '' . 
  and not `` yes , he 's . '', 
  unless you follow the latter by some descriptive `` yes , he 's gay . 
  i know you 're being sarcastic , but since `` foreign origins '' of the french , and `` ancient migrations '' are often brought up as a case to say that ethnic french people do n't exist , i 'll answer . 
  the french people did n't exist yet at the time of charlemagne . 
  the french did progressively form from the mix of gallo-romans and franks mainly ( and other ancient peoples here and there , who do n't exist as an ethnicity anymore , because they became french ) , and differentiated from neighbours , and assimilated to eachother , forming a distinct ethnic and cultural group which by the second half of the middle ages was pretty much formed , and could be geographically placed in a fairly specific area . 
  since the `` ethnic french '' very progressively formed , as an ethnicity and cultural group , in a specific geographic area , over a significant period of time , they are thus `` natives '' of that area . 
  since then , the french did centralize , standardize , and assimilate some close neighbors into the french ethnicity , basically expanding the french `` core '' . 
  since those ancient ancestors are so far in the distant past , those who are fully ethnic french today have no known definite link to foreign origins . 
  they are only french for all they know . 
  yes the lines are blurred along the edges , as we move away from the ethnic french core , but to be blunt , that 's no different to some species of animals , to races of horses and whatnot ... that 's pretty basic for all ethnic groups and native peoples outside of europe . 
  people have a hard time using the same principles for white europeans , but there 's no valid reason not to . 
  so the migrating franks ( in part ) , became the french . 
  the same way some of the asians who migrated to america became the navajo , a `` native people '' of north america , because they formed/differentiated there . 
  if the us decides that they 're american citizens and nothing more , they 'll still exist as navajo natives , no matter what some legislators decide with their political bias . 
  no one 's asking for special rights here . 
  also , the concept of a french ethnicity is post revolutionary . 
  you 've got it backwards . 
  educating all of france 's diverse regions to be french ( = making them ethnic french ) , is post revolutionary . 
  the idea of nation states , of specific people having their own nation , is an enlightenment idea . 
  during the royal period , the idea of ethnicities had no significance in the slightest bit . 
  borders separated ethnicities and no one cared . 
  enlightenment brought national aspirations ( based on ethnicity ) . 
  the nobles ' `` pure blood '' were a completely different concept which had nothing to do with ethnicity . 
  of all things , nobles are the least `` de souche '' people considering they 're mixed from noble families all around europe . 
  fran\u00e7ais de souche is n't self defined . 
  only in france do we deny the fact that there are `` natives '' . 
  native people is a pretty much universally accepted reality everywhere else in the world , regardless of political bias , and in france 's case , insane logic-defying political correctness . 
  france recognizes ethnicities and origins , and cultures and whatnot . 
  when we say the republic does n't recognize communities , it does n't mean that the republic denies their existence . 
  it means that communities , which are real , are not given special treatment , and instead they 're just all considered equally french . 
  but the french state acknowledges that communities exist ... except native french . 
  there 's this whole debate about how `` fran\u00e7ais de souche '' do n't exist ... of course if we go back far enough , we all came from africa . 
  we know we 're not 100 % pure gaulish blood either ... woopty doo . 
  but it 's pretty simple . 
  it 's anyone ethnically french who to his knowledge does n't have any foreign origins , who does n't have any family ties outside of france . 
  people can go even further , and look at their known genealogy , which can go back to at least 1789 , and further to the 1600s using church records . 
  and there are people with only french origins 400 years back ... 
  pretty damn simple , and although nowadays there are a lot of young people with foreign origins ( including me ) , being `` fran\u00e7ais de souche '' still concerns a huge number of people , especially in the countryside . 
  why deny their existence except for political reasons ? 
  as for the national anthem , i 'm the first to defend the theory that `` sang impur '' probably means the people . 
  this is completely off topic , however . 
  it has nothing to do with this conversation . 
  but just so you know , that 's only one of three main theories . 
  it 's the one i prefer , but it 's not a definitive . 
  so do n't throw it as if it were a known reality . 
  i agree with you , but your answer has nothing to do with what i said .
