  i was going to say the same . 
  i 've seen places in paris , france , which recommend throwing the paper in the bin rather than flushing it down . 
  public places with high attendance might recommend that to avoid clogging the toilets , especially if said facilities rely on old plumbing , which is n't rare at all in western europe . 
  then there 's a different scale called western civilization , which historically differentiates the `` old continent '' , europe , from the rest , thus distinguishing fairly clearly that they 're different entities . 
  ultimately , i agree with your fundamental point . 
  it 's all partly subjective , not an exact science . 
  there is debate surrounding it . 
  my view is the one i stated . 
  one can disagree , one can point out that there 's a progressive gradient between clearly western , and clearly , say , middle eastern . 
  i believe that at some point a line can be drawn . 
  maybe that makes me a `` cultural chauvinist '' like that other guy said , maybe it makes me practical or realist . 
  i stand by my view , others are free to disagree without insulting me . 
  russia is part of european civilization . 
  absolutely no doubt about it . 
  when i spoke of eastern europe , i definitely considered russia 's very strong part in european enlightenment , through its scientists , culture and artists . 
  but as i very clearly said in my first comment , the main reason for the rejection of turkey is the cyprus , armenian , kurd ( etc. . ) situation . 
  not the civilizational one . 
  russia , like turkey , is politically at odds with eu standards . 
  and anyway russia certainly does n't want to join . 
  but civilization-wise , russia is indeed european . 
  eastern europe was largely part of the enlightenment , and had many scientists , artists , intellectuals , and ideals ( including national liberation ) which belong directly to european enlightenment , or stem directly from it . 
  otherwise , there 's nothing i hate more than when someone distorts what i say . 
  you 've been doing this since the start , so we 're done . 
  there 's absolutely nothing wrong with not belonging to european civilization , and i never even remotely implied there was . 
  also , i perhaps did n't make it clear in my first comment . 
  i was answering someone using the `` it was in the roman empire '' argument to justify turkey joining . 
  so he was making a civilization/history argument , and i simply answered that , but ended saying that anyway , it was n't about that , but the issues of cyprus . . etc. . 
  please do n't `` sir '' me . 
  there 's nothing more contempful on reddit than that . 
  anyway , we agree , turkey was `` a category on its own '' . 
  so , not european . 
  well , it really has little to do with ancient conquerors , be it the romans or alexander . 
  and no politician who wants to preserve his mainstream career said turkey should n't join because they 're mostly muslim . 
  there 's a civilizational unity in europe . 
  turkey , or the ottomans , has always been viewed as an outsider force . 
  what united european civilization most recently were the renaissance era on the first hand , and the enlightenment after , of which the ottoman empire was n't a part of , and it was rather a declining empire compared to the rest of europe which was rising in riches , both material and intellectual . 
  ultimately , turkey is n't part of european civilization , although it played a part in it , as an outsider . 
  but anyway , most objections about turkey joining are about the cyprus situation , the armenian genocide denial , the troubles with the kurds , and that most of its territory is in the highly volatile and refugee-prone middle east . 
  plus it has a very large population and would thus be the most powerful country in voting power in the eu . 
  well , in a democracy it still does , especially if they 're a majority , or a strong minority , in one specific region , and especially if they overwhelmingly ( 97 % ! ), 
  agree on a subject . 
  someone downvoted you , but you 're perfectly reasonable . 
  i work night shifts in a hotel in paris and last night some latin-american clients wanted to watch the superbowl on tv , so i put it on , and thus got to watch it for the first time . 
  they seemed really into it , including the `` joke sequences '' between plays or whatever those are . 
  i did n't really get it , but i trust that if one knows the game they can appreciate it more . 
  i just did n't understand what was going on . 
  i did admire some good catches and touchdowns , as that 's all i could understand , and the level of talent is visually obvious . 
  badminton is an awesome sport to play . 
  but like ping pong , it looks shitty when the players suck and hit the `` balls '' with wide passes like pussies . 
   you 're supposed to whack those balls with everything you 've got !, 
  hey man , i just thought you should know , it 's said and written `` a european '' . 
  not `` an '' . 
  that 's because `` european '' carries a `` y '' sound before , and that `` y '' acts like a consonant . 
  this goes to op as well !, 
  cheers . 
   questions ranged from how to determine the status of the serb-majority area of northern kosovo to how to ensure that border controls would allow the free movement of people and goods . 
  i 'm just wondering why the border ca n't be redrawn so the serb majority region in northern kosovo is given back to serbia ? 
  is this that hard to do ? 
  france 's `` main industries '' are amongst the top in the world . 
  the luxury department , as well as energy and engineering are represented by some of the top companies worldwide . 
  total , l'or\u00e9al , gdf suez , danone , airbus , are a collection of huge companies which many other countries can only wish they had . 
  look at the rank of the top 40 french companies in their sector [ here ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/cac_40#composition ) . 
  maybe their capital has fallen in the past years , but they could still buy a small country . 
  :d what actually shakes an economy more are the middle and small businesses , which indeed rather struggle in a crisis , and account for most of the unemployment , and bankruptcies , considering the population has less purchasing power , and i agree , the taxation in france is hardly business friendly . 
  in france , each employee costs a company approximately the same amount in taxes . 
  so when someone is paid 2000 euros , the company actually pays almost 4000 to have that employee ( including his salary and taxes ) . 
  then an employee never gets one third of those 2000 euros in salary as they go in taxes , thus reducing his purchasing power . 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying . 
  la d\u00e9fense is n't in the city of paris . 
  that 's partly why the tour montparnasse is the only skyscraper in paris , because paris has its laws against high buildings , and the tour montparnasse is an exception , unlike in la d\u00e9fense . 
  i was just trying to be precise . 
  also , it 's not a `` french thing '' . 
  most french people consider that anyone from paris and its suburbs are `` parisians '' . 
  belgium does n't count . 
   the conservatives are miles ahead , it would seem . 
  that 's cause ugly chicks never get anything handed to them , so they 're into women 's rights issues and thus go for labour . 
  rachida dati is n't bad either . 
  i do n't remember which comedian commented on that . 
  that the few token women minorities in government all just happen to be attractive :d, 
  [ la d\u00e9fense ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_d%c3%a9fense ) is in the suburbs of paris , so it is n't in paris proper . 
  and even there , most of the tall building are used for offices . 
  the only skyscraper in paris is the [ tour montparnasse ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tour_montparnasse ) . 
  anyway , by `` dense '' i meant population-wise . 
  so even considering paris does n't have very tall buildings , it 's somehow very dense in population , beating other cities which do have skyscrapers . 
  georgia definitely attacked ossetians , but russia was n't `` allied '' to ossetians , as much as portugal is n't allied with catalans . 
  russia , however , supported the ossetians . 
  my point is that russia is willing to attack neighbours when it 's convenient for them . 
  paris is one of the densest cities in the world , yet it only has one skyscraper , which houses offices . 
  think what you want of her politics or grandfather , but marion mar\u00e9chal le pen is an attractive young woman : http://referentiel.nouvelobs.com/file/3895904.jpg http://www.dreuz.info/wp-content/uploads/marion-marechal-le-pen1-500x332.jpg http://www.egaliteetreconciliation.fr/local/cache-vignettes/l250xh246/arton21803-782f4.jpg s\u00e9gol\u00e8ne royal held her own when she was younger , and is still not bad . 
  the military is a very effective tool for diplomacy , even today , unfortunately perhaps . 
  it 's also useful to have a military capable of being deployed quickly in a large country to defend european interests . 
  currently , only the uk and france in the eu have this large capability , and barely as they do require at least some logistical help from eachother or from the us for many interventions . 
  depending on eachother is fine . 
  obviously , the smaller eu countries ca n't intervene in foreign wars alone . 
  but having to depend on the us each time our interests are at stake , having to hope for the us ' mere approval to feel bold enough to act in a large operation , is a great burden . 
  i 'd finally like to add that the only reason why the eu feels very safe , despite the end of the cold war , is because france and the uk , with their capable armies , are in it , but mostly because the us would have our back considering the eu is a major trading partner and political/ideological ally to them . 
  see how russia did n't hesitate to invade georgia a couple years back . 
  their is tension with the eu baltic states , and with ukraine , and russia does n't act upon it militarily like it did in georgia because those countries have protection considering proximity to the eu , or being part of the eu , but the line is thin , and with the current state of our military , it 's mostly thanks to us backing . 
  they 're not wartime consigliere . 
  the parody pictures remind me of the `` sarkozy was there '' meme we had in france : http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/events/sarkozy-was-there,
