  it 's like a huge black monolith which springs out of nowhere . 
  kind of strange , but i live near it and it 's amazing how many tourists flock to it . 
  especially asian tourists . 
  they seem to be attracted to big towers like moths to light bulbs . 
  i think practically every news source in france at least leans to one side or the other . 
  i do n't know of any big news outlet which is n't called at least either more left leaning or more right leaning . 
  but these big news sources remain fairly mainstream , so their moderate leanings to one side or the other are n't that catastrophic imo . 
  well in the case of france , france is probably one of the western countries which is the most in disagreement with us foreign policy . 
  yet the answers in those polls are rather favorable to the us . 
  so it seems pretty clear the distinction is made here as well . 
  yes , hence my third paragraph . 
  the `` tour first '' is n't in paris . 
  it 's in the close suburbs , in the business district called [ la d\u00e9fense ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_d%c3%a9fense ) . 
  there 's only one real skyscraper inside paris ' city limits , that 's the [ montparnasse tower ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tour_montparnasse ) . 
  otherwise there are laws in paris against constructing too high , as people consider it would ruin the city 's charm . 
  and if these european `` tall '' buildings seem underwhelming , it 's because more often than not , we europeans are n't in a biggest dick contest ( like many developing nations are now ) , and in general we 'd rather not build massive buildings . 
  of course we could if we wanted to , and it 's still occasionally done here and there . 
  i do n't want to sound pompous or nothin ' , but our fog is definitely the best . 
  i mean most french people eat french food ... but hamburgers are still very popular , and i believe france is the largest market for mcdonald 's after the us . 
  france has the reputation of being very conservative about their food , but when a british marks & spencer 's shop opens , or when burger king reinvests restaurants in france , it 's an instant hit . 
  french food is awesome and diverse , the french culinary tradition is even a unesco world heritage . 
  maybe that 's why it gets too much at some point , and sometimes we just want to have a good time and try some greasy-ass burgers . 
  oh shit , i was thinking about dc :p figures haha, 
  there 's a poll posted on different subreddits quite a lot , about how different countries view the us . 
  for european countries , the poll suggests the french are amongst the most favorable towards the us , only beaten by italy and poland or something , if my memory serves me correctly . 
  each time this poll is posted on reddit there are always comments of people surprised about how appreciation of the us is so high ( comparatively ) in france . 
  americans have a louder voice in the world , naturally , and for some reason they think the french hate them ( just because our governments do n't always agree ) , and thus the stereotype is spread that the french hate americans . 
  in reality , i do n't feel it 's the case at all . 
  there 's still a very hurtful brain drain from france to the us , and everyone here watches american films , reads american , listens to american music , and even ... eats american . 
  yeah but the uk 's probably has a a dungeon or something . 
  :p to be fair though , the french one has a large set of stairs . 
  if it were n't for the fence , tons of people would hang out and sit on the stairs all the time . 
  and at night , youngsters would drink there . 
  wow , i had no idea one could see such mountains from washington . 
  i do n't think it 's that much of an exaggeration . 
  i 've read accounts about it , and the post-war perception , after the trench warfare stalemate in france , was that trying to invade france through brute force could n't happen . 
  obviously , this was proven wrong 20 years later . 
  i 'm not saying the british/commonwealth did n't play a large part in the western front in ww1 , but ultimately the idea was that one ca n't break through the fortifications and trench lines in france , even the military machine that was germany . 
  `` on ne passe pas '' , aka `` you shall not pass '' :p , was the french motto , and no one questioned that after the war . 
  in addition to that , after the armistice , the french army had the largest standing infantry . 
  i know the events in ww2 distorts our perception of a strong french army , but that 's how it was in the 20s . 
  the british had a very strong navy , but even from the 1850s to the 1930s , the british infantry had nothing in comparison to france . 
  that 's normal of course , because the british were rather focused on their navy , and had relatively smaller expeditionary ground forces . 
  france , being on the continent , focused much more on their ground power . 
  i wish paris would make a move towards cycling-friendly streets like copenhagen or amsterdam . 
  there was some effort to convert the population into cycling by introducing these [ rental city bicycles ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c0/station_v%c3%a9lib_bercy.jpg ) , but the streets are still largely impractical and dangerous for cyclists . 
  we 're not talking about a golden age when our countries were the best . 
  look at those other countries in this thread ... we 're talking about periods when our respective countries were at their peak , regardless if other countries did better in some areas ( like the uk 's colonial empire ) . 
  17th century to 1815 is definitely france 's gold age . 
  however , and you mentioned some , there are other periods when france was enjoying moments of greatness , relative to the rest of europe . 
  charlemagne of course , if one is willing to admit that the early francs were the ancestors of the kingdom of france , since there 's an uninterrupted line from their kingdom to modern france . 
  period of conquest , education , and culture , notably with the start of the chanson de geste which defined medieval literature , and chivalry . 
  otherwise , the period under king philippe auguste ( philip ii of france ) , 13th century , where france [ settled the rivalries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-french_war_%281202%e2%80%9314%29 ) and eventually came on top for good , expanding its territory . 
  then there 's france under francis i , early 16th century . 
  only rival to charles v of spain . 
  this was followed by henry iv , late 16th century , though a period of turmoil , was posthumously considered a great king , and the 16th century did mark the beginning of the renaissance in france , and the construction of a great many beautiful castles . 
  the victory in ww1 saw france considered invincible , having led the allied forces under marshal foch , and having sacrificed the most men in the war amongst the victors ( so that excludes russia ) . 
  at the time , france was not only the main continental victor , but also was at its peak when it comes to a colonial empire . 
  well , just read about bosnia . 
  the country is divided into [ three autonomous entities ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2d/map_bih_entities.png ) . 
  all wikipedias do that , some more than others though , since `` what wikipedia should be '' depends entirely on each language . 
  he did call the german anthem that . 
  here 's one of the first moments like that , at the site of verdun , some 30 ( ? ), 
  years ago : http://www.ina.fr/video/i00012031 now it looks kind of redundant , but i 'm still all for it . 
  i 'm for it . 
  if kosovo can do it , so can they . 
  i 'm also for it joining serbia if it so wishes . 
  i 'd prefer that rather than european countries endlessly separating into smaller countries . 
  maybe a deal can be made , and kosovo can join albania in exchange for the republica srpska being allowed to join serbia . 
  and v\u00e4in\u00e4m\u00f6inen was dancing and singing on his way to carelia . 
  that statue reminds me of [ the absolutely historically accurate statue of vercingetorix near the site of the siege of alesia ] ( http://m.rgbimg.com/cache1szz4p/users/m/mi/mimica/600/nfczdhs.jpg ) , which by the way carries the facial traits of napoleon iii . 
  vercingetorix , young arverni gaul , unified several gallic tribes to fight the roman invaders !, 
  victory in gergovia , defeat in alesia :( but a small village in armorica still resists against the invaders ... 
  i 'll add that the french language used to be prominent , more so than german and italian ever were by far ( except in their relatively limited areas of influence ) . 
  so there 's also history to take into account here . 
  the germans and italians do n't hang on to their language influence as much because they have little to hang on to in the first place . 
  and spanish was never big in europe , they have their eyes turned to latin america naturally . 
  france here is trying to salvage what can be salvaged . 
  it can be perceived as ridiculous at times , but it stems from basic geopolitical and economic strategy , and france would be stupid to give up . 
  every country offers foreign student programs , or finances language schools abroad specifically because they know knowledge of their language and culture is important . 
  it 's perhaps more visible a strategy from france because , despite the decline , the french language still has remnants of strongholds . 
  thus we 're perceived as smug or something , just because we 're trying to defend our interests . 
  but everyone in france acknowledges that english is the lingua franca , and these french efforts to keep some influence do n't `` slow down '' europe in any way so i do n't see what 's the big deal . 
  when in rome ... that 's my moto . 
  otherwise , still , you 're making too much of a big deal about this . 
  i was simply casually commenting about it . 
   what is and is n't rude changes from culture to culture obviously , and tourists should thus take precautions . 
  i 'm not really offended . 
  i do n't care , i 'm used to it . 
  just funny to notice these things . 
  blurting something out in another language is simply rude . 
  asking , even in your own language , `` hablas espa\u00f1ol ? 
  '' , seems like basic courtesy and it goes a long way . 
  i know french tourists are bad at this too . 
  no need to get all defensive about it , i was n't trying to insult you . 
  just sharing my experience . 
  i just noticed english-speaking people are surprisingly more self conscious about it ( probably because they 've been told about it more ) , and tend to ask more often if the person they meet speaks english , although working in the tourism industry , asking if i speak english is almost a ridiculous question to ask . 
  but i appreciate the politeness and effort . 
  there 's no doubt about it . 
  with english being the lingua franca , they have much stronger reach , but also one must admit that they did develop new things which deserved to be spread around , notably in music ( heavy metal , punk , classic rock and pop bands . . ) , and classic british humor .
