  i 'd argue that our cheese is way better , in all the diversity that such a food group can offer . 
  for the rest , the arguments can go either way and i wo n't fight it . 
  but cheese ? 
  france any day without question . 
  i do n't know if france counts as southern , but it 's definitely partly mediterranean . 
  italians are pretty much like us in terms of culture . 
  they 're known for the same things ( food , wine , cheese , fashion , architecture ... ) , but otherwise they have lots of organized crime and petty theft , and are disorganized . 
  and loud . 
  everyone loves spain . 
  spaniards like to party and siesta . 
  they 're cool , but it 's no wonder their economy is n't strong . 
  the portuguese are poor . 
  they just immigrate here . 
  greece is a summer holiday . 
  also the stereotype is that they 're homosexual , but no one above the age of 10 finds that one funny . 
  it probably stems from ideas that ancient greece was quite open to homosexuality . 
  and unfortunately , we do n't think about the others . 
  ex-yugos and balkans are generally seen as shitholes , though naturally slovenia and croatia are creating a better image for themselves . 
  i think our neighbors are rather complaining that these nuclear plants happen to be close to their borders , when technically they could be anywhere in france . 
  our neighbors would rather our nuclear power plants be furthest away from them as possible , and it 's very possible since nuclear plants do n't necessarily need to anywhere specific ( most of the land in france is pretty safe from environmental hazards ) . 
  and frankly , i understand them . 
  i 'm all for nuclear power , i trust our scientists and whatnot , but i understand that our neighbors would rather we have our plants far from them , for the simple reason that they ca n't control the security of the plants , they can only trust us to not fuck up . 
  i get the concern . 
  wow , the german navy uses a sail ship for training apparently . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  edit : oh according to other comments it 's actually common practice . 
  cool , cool ... 
  yeah , in the canon jean-luc picard is born in france . 
  however , in star trek most languages disappeared , including french , thus english is his mother tongue . 
  that 's what we 've been fighting against !, 
  hopefully slovenia will decide to keep the statues . 
  these treasures are safer in their hands . 
  yeah , i also read `` american gods '' :p ( or was it egyptians in the book ? 
  i forgot ), 
  i hate seeing people walking to work or taking the metro in the morning with their fucking cup of coffee . 
  it irritates me because it 's a clich\u00e9 image i knew from american films which take place in new york or something . 
  now people in paris do the same stupid thing . 
  just wake up 5 minutes earlier and drink your damn coffee at home !, 
  in the us some people associate coffee with france ? 
  england was n't really that big in the 1600s . 
  i saw it . 
  it 's very interestingly done and an experience for a viewer . 
  however , i warn you that it 's a very hard watch . 
  not only for the subject matter , but by the way it 's filmed as well , which is purposely claustrophobic and heavy handed of sorts . 
  for france , they were our main rivals for a couple centuries . 
  we were once surrounded by them . 
  still held up against them and eventually became the world superpower in the 17th century . 
  take that bitches !, 
  i kind of want to say that the 70s and 80s were perhaps a different time ? 
  that back then the police had harsher practices , and could get away with more . 
  now i 'd say that if they think you 're fucking with them or being a smart-ass they 're likely to give you a bad time ( nothing necessarily violent or illegal , they 'll just detain you , search you . . like that ) . 
  but if you 're chill and respectful , and compliant ( within reason ) , there 's nothing to fear . 
  i 've always had ok experiences . 
  when i was a late teen and early 20s in the early 2000s i had a few experiences and since i was cool with them , sometimes even cracking jokes with them , it always went well . 
  french police often pose as intimidating and all , but if you show you 're casual it usually goes well . 
  welcome to europe . 
  ( then again , it 's not as bad for women as actual middle eastern countries , but with our current immigration program and with the help of the left wing , we 're trying hard to get to their level ) . 
  obviously that we 're romantic and good lovers . 
  as a guy who was shy with girls when i was a teen and early adult , thank god for that stereotype and meeting foreign girls who believed it . 
  [ here 's a video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxp2mtwnoz4 ) explaining why nutella in germany is thick/hard , and why nutella in france is creamy goodness . 
  tl ; dw : france has delicate white bread likely to melt in your mouth , germany has thick-ass heavy bricks for bread . 
  when is the last time you came to france ? 
  because for paris at least , picking up one 's dog shit has become obligatory for years now , and the sidewalks are noticeably better in that regard . 
  it 's funny to think that at the time when french was the lingua franca of sorts in the 18th century , prestigious european diplomats were learning a version of french that actually sounded like quebec french : `` j' te d\u00e9cl\u00f4re l\u00f4 guerre , t ` entends tabernak ?! '', 
  young people now are used to the idea of spitting , but you ask anyone over the age of 60 and it was much less common for them to see that kind of practice , which they still find fowl . 
  the generations before them spat of course , but by their time the practice had largely come out of `` fashion '' . 
  the spitting trend nowadays is a relatively new trend , and it 's not something the older generations in europe passed on to today 's youth . 
  the spitting on the ground thing in most western european countries is/was largely popularized nowadays by originally non-western people . . basically , the chinese immigrants , and arab youths , spit a lot on the ground . 
  now you 'll naturally see white guys spitting on the ground as well , the same way white guys can use arab slang because it became a norm through influence . 
  i do n't want to bust your bubble but in france if you create an internet account for your tax declaration on the official government website it 's pretty much the same . 
  my employers send my monthly salary info to the government . 
  also throughout the year if i buy real estate , or loan estate , and make money and whatnot , it 's all declared . 
  so when i have to file my taxes online , i just log into my government account , and everything that 's been declared like salaries and other revenues is automatically there . 
  i just spend my time checking that it 's correct just to be sure and * voil\u00e0 * . 
  naturally , some people may have more complicated lives than me , and they fiddle around with tax deductible things they 've purchased and whatnot , which may not have been declared throughout the year , and thus they do need to spend time filling out their tax forms to their best benefits . 
  but for a simple example like this estonian dude , it 's pretty much the same thing . 
  and probably safer even because it comes from what was automatically declared to the government , rather than some private bank . 
  i actually think it 's a good thing that the french protest a lot . 
  it 's proof of character , that we do n't let ourselves get fucked over , that we 're ready to go out and defend our rights , or call out the government if it goes too far . 
  it 's also a form of democratic participation , and general political and social involvement by the people . 
  many foreigners mock us or disparage us for that protest business , but i 'd hate to be like some countries which do outrageous stuff and yet there 's not 10 people willing to protest against it . 
  however , major reforms in different sectors need to be made , and thus i wish we had the ability to somehow understand which reforms are necessary for the greater good , and thus make them easier to implement ... 
  just looked at paris , and it has a 5/10 for culture ? 
  the source for that culture rating is some social website called `` foursquare '' ... meh . 
  i do n't want to sound like a snob , but no . 
  paris is a cultural capital of the world . 
  i mean it 's a top 5 level . 
  it 's a global , multicultural city and the first touristic destination in the world for a reason . 
  and its region has a huge population , so necessarily , you can find everything you want in paris , no matter your tastes , so there 's no lack of diversity . 
  if there 's one category where paris deserves an 8 to a 10 , it 's `` culture '' more than any of the other categories . 
  edit : london gets a 6 , milan gets a 5 , rome a 3 . . 
  seriously how do they calculate the culture category ? 
  the french however have among the lowest counts for diabetes and heart disease among most developed nations , despite our croissants , cheeses , cr\u00eame fra\u00eeche and butter sauces . 
  so your argument is invalid !, 
  that 's disappointing coming from a dutchman . 
  one would think you would know and respect cheeses , especially undeniably good varieties from important cheese nations . 
  that 's why i 've always loved this survey , and had already saved this page long ago . 
  it 's always useful ( with other examples ) when some redditor insults the french with the same old stereotypes that we somehow think we 're the best ( something i 've never heard anyone say or imply here . . it would be preposterous if anyone did ) . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.coupdepouce.com/img/photos/biz/cdp/poulet-pates-mex410.jpg ) a chicken breast with a side of pasta . 
  it just seems normal to me :p ( edit : oh , it 's mostly corn in the picture , but you can imagine it ,
