  so basically , it 's fine that ukraine complains . 
  it 's part of the game , just how private channels showing what they want is part of the game . 
  here 's the answer i already gave you  i know about the big 4 but the big 3 is the smallest grouping within the eu , so my message is more impactful if i reference losing one of three , than losing one of four ... 
  i do n't see what 's your problem . 
  and it 's starting to get annoying to debate a 5 day old post . 
  i know about the big 4 but the big 3 is the smallest grouping within the eu , so my message is more impactful if i reference losing one of three , than losing one of four ... 
  i mentioned italy 3rd at the end of my second paragraph , so do n't feel left out :p, 
  yeah , a few of these i can see forming a union within the eu . 
   hence , perhaps i should also point out that i also would want a european federation of regions such as scotland , catalonia , flanders and bavaria rather than the present nation states united as they are . 
  such would placate the desire of separatist movements , weaken patriotism to nation states and stop bigger countries dominating . 
  so is this opinion of yours to be taken into account when answering your survey ? 
  because i 'm for federalization but i 'm against that added opinion of yours . 
  on the contrary , i 'd rather that close countries within the eu were encouraged to unite into larger constituent states , if they want to count more . 
  and is n't that a better message ? 
  that different people recognize their proximity and brotherhood ? 
  that they recognize that they are n't that different after all ? 
  people think that because there 's the eu we can all divide into weaker regions , for the slightest regional difference . 
  but in reality it 's better that we have many californias and texases , than tons of little montanas and iowas . 
  especially in a federalization which will likely be less united than us states are . 
  also , you 're going to get more resistance for federalization if it entails encouraging the separation of people who do n't want to be separated . 
  we 're already losing our national sovereignty , now you want us to lose part of our identity by separating us from our brethren . 
  if you want eu regions to be more equal , do not ask the larger , stronger countries to bend down to the level of the smaller ones . 
  the large countries reached their size through blood and trial , and many if not most of us living in these countries are glad the way it is . 
  is n't there something about germany having tons of part time jobs and internships ? 
  i mean there 's plenty of that too in france . 
  i just was under the impression that germany abuses of those things even more . 
  same here . 
  we all just laugh about it . 
  most of it is common sense . 
  so if someone is stupid enough to not have the common sense to naturally react this way , they 're probably too stupid to remember these instructions in the first place , let alone in a high stress situation . 
  so that picture is pretty much useless if you ask me . 
  seems like one of these ridiculous ideas that can only come out of the minds of some snotty politicians who are n't living in the same world as the rest of us are . 
  so you 're just using the term `` race '' interchangeably with `` language family '' . 
  may as well just stick with `` language family '' then . 
  to be fair , of course people of a same language family have at least some common ancestry , stemming from the elite class that brought the languages to them . 
  however , their ancestry is not necessarily closer than with other neighbors . 
  turks , for example , probably have more common ancestry with greeks or syrians than with uyghurs . 
  and you can always go back further up in the language family tree , just like on the tree of the evolution of species . 
  there are countless subdivisions and subbranches to choose from . 
  so how big or how small do you want your race or family tree to be ? 
  because it 's completely subjective , and there is no pure `` race '' . 
  there are always ancestries from elsewhere . 
  unfortunately , the further we go back in time , the less likely we have historical records to prove the obvious . 
  the fact that there are no `` pure '' people now is n't a new thing . 
  we did n't just start to mix around in the historical age ... 
  if you 're saying their ethnicities have some cultural similarities , i agree . 
  when languages spread and aculture other people , their words do bring cultural norms with them . 
  but that does n't make turks and uyghurs brothers , and even less part of the same `` race '' . 
  they probably hardly knew of eachother before the modern age of discovery . 
  they did n't know their languages were related before the west created modern linguistics and organized languages into trees and families . 
  what about france ? 
  do you think i 'm incapable of criticizing my own country ? 
  i 'm assuming you 're trying to reference french-language imperialism in france or something . 
  that 's not at all what i 'm talking about . 
  it 's more about say , if france and romania thought they were actual cousins/brothers , or of the same `` race '' , solely because they both speak romance languages . 
  it would be ridiculous . 
  and if it 's the case , i 'd be the first to mock it . 
  i 've seen comments online from turks claiming closeness with the japanese , or even native americans , due to some flimsy modern theories in linguistics linking turkic languages with japanese and american languages . 
  that 's pan-linguistic nationalism and more often than most it 's completely ludicrous . 
  i think you fail to understand that the very concept of race is flawed and not accepted by actual scientists or sociologists . 
  in the west it 's pretty much only used by americans who just use it to differentiate blacks , whites , asians , natives , and they do n't really know what to do with those people sitting in the middle of these `` extremes '' ( and funnily enough , turkic people would be divided between either whites or asians in the us , depending on whether they 're turk/azeri looking or kazakh looking ) . 
  so until you explain how you personally define race , i 'll continue to have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  because there is no common or accepted definition of what races are . 
  because it 's not a thing . 
  they 're mathematical realities whether you want it or not . 
  it 's simple statistics . 
  you chose some poor examples because it 's extremely well-established and well-known that the existing celtic people have very different and diverse ancestral origins , that being celtic today is considered a cultural identity . 
  that 's notably mentioned a lot about the irish . 
  not to mention that it 's well known that even the ancient celtic people have largely different backgrounds , but were accultured by a small original celtic ruling elite which came from austria in the bronze age . 
  that original small proto-celtic core can hardly be considered a `` race '' . 
  there is no celtic race . 
  the concept of race is completely fuzzy anyway so i guess this discussion depends entirely on how you personally define race . 
  oh right . 
  it might only be 2nd after a brexit , by a relatively close margin . 
  but regardless , being 2nd is far from being 2nd rate . 
  germany and france alone are the 3rd economy in the world if you add them up . 
  so that 's excluding all the other eu countries in the single market which of course add even more . 
  there 's this tendency in europe ( at least from my experience in france , and in the rest of europe if international news are to be believed ) to think of ourselves as worthless , decadent . . etc. 
  well with that attitude maybe we 're creating that phenomenon . 
  think of everything we manage despite our disadvantages . 
  we do n't have much natural resources . 
  we 're the smallest continent . 
  we have a mature population . 
  growth is moderate . 
  yet despite this , everyone wants to come here . 
  despite this , we are leaders ( with the us and japan ) in scientific research and involvement . 
  in high tech . 
  we are a cultural powerhouse . 
  we have a great standard of living . 
  the eu is the biggest market in the world . 
  95 + % of the other countries in the world would love to have the influence/power/wealth / recognition that germany has , that france has , and italy , spain , the netherlands , sweden . . ; etc. . to even the smallest economies in europe , even the struggling ones . 
  if the uk leaves it will be a great blow to the eu . 
  we 'd be losing one of the big 3 . 
  but the eu would still be a massive market ( that ironically the uk will desperately want to access ... only from the outside ... ) . 
  if the uk leaves , maybe there 'll be more room to lean towards federalization , which would thus in turn increase the eu 's strength/drive , and then it 's influence/standing . 
  that 's completely off-topic though . 
  but regardless , what do you want ? 
  when the us responded to 9/11 they worsened world terrorism . 
  but france 's bombings in syria and iraq largely `` made up '' for the 130 dead , if we 're talking eye-for-an-eye ... 
  it 's not because you do n't have your symbolic big act of revenge that nothing has been done .
