  what a nightmarish , boring world that would be ... 
  it 's incomparable to china militarily occupying islands which are not theirs , imprisoning vietnamese fishermen who adventure towards some of these islands which are technically vietnamese ... etc. . 
  the difference is visible when one considers the arms race happening at the moment in far east asia . 
  whereas canada is n't building up its military in fear of the usa . 
  i disagree . 
  china rules its companies and since it ca n't militarily intimidate europe ( for now ) , like it does to its direct neighbors in the sea of china , it intimidates us with its economy . 
  in 2007 , sarkozy met the dalai lama . 
  in 2008 , the chinese government and all the companies accompanying it toured all of europe , except france . 
  the chinese newspapers rejoiced saying it was a `` just humiliation against arrogant france '' . 
  china has done similar things against australia and canada . 
  and china does n't have human rights . 
  the usa does . 
  the us may sometimes overlap it , like for the iraq war for instance , but the major difference is that the public can criticize the country for it , and punish them through the electoral process . 
  yes . 
  though the usa has many faults in its military actions , i prefer a country which fundamentally believes in human rights and personal freedom nonetheless . 
  i prefer a country which does n't have territorial disputes with half of its neighbors . 
  i prefer a country where the government can be criticized , where internet is freer , and which basically is our ally and does n't resolve so much on economic sanctions against us when we dare criticize them . 
  agreed . 
  so many europeans , including on reddit , implicitly preferring china . 
  i think it 's safe to say it wo n't be attacked anytime soon . 
  what will happen though , is the serbs in kosovo might be abused more . 
  seriously . 
  i 'm shocked . 
  where are all those people claiming sightings ? 
  wtf ? 
  there 's no real anglicization of our language . 
  just a few technical or simple words added to our vocabulary here and there , like `` email '' , `` cool '' , and all . 
  in modern times we adopted words from other languages too , like `` ciao '' , `` tsch\u00fcs '' , or even `` kiff '' ( `` to love '' , in arabic i believe ) . 
  these three words from italian , german and arabic are extremely common in familiar speak . 
  anyway , i do n't worry because the french language is n't going to disappear . 
  perhaps it will in some ex-colonies , in favor of english , but in france it certainly wo n't in any foreseeable future . 
  however , i do understand the plight of quebecers and cajuns , and i support them in preserving french there . 
  i never implied france was northern europe , and the french never thought they were northern europe , nor do they now . 
  i said spain was a mediterranean country , and i spoke of southern europe without even implying france is n't part of it ... . 
  if you want my opinion on what france is , here it is , and it 's the obvious one : france is in western europe , and is also a mediterranean country . 
  the southern third is very much like spain and italy . 
  the rest is on a league of its own , but in no way can we call france in general a southern european country , because it 's too spread out geographically , and culturally too different between north and south for it to be considered entirely southern . 
  i 've mostly heard `` pays-bas '' to be honest , and i myself rarely say `` hollande '' ... with our president , confusion will be at its greatest :p . however we do call the dutch `` hollandais '' . 
  no i do n't . 
  but i did go to christmas mass a couple times when i was a kid but those were very exceptional . 
  i remember one time i went because i spent the christmas holidays in a friend 's house , and his parents were very christian ( relatively speaking ... ) . 
  what does this article have to do with the imperial system ? 
  this is simply about finding a constant for the kilogram ... 
  but to answer your question . 
  yes . 
  the imperial system is stupid . 
  i think it 's a germanic thing in general . 
  do n't anglo-saxons celebrate the infamous `` christmas eve '' as well ? 
  who here in europe has a white christmas ? 
  paris here . 
  it 's warm like we 're in fucking early spring . 
  tell me . 
  what am i ? 
  all i was saying is that it has nothing to do with muslims . 
  serbs got fucked and no one gives a shit about them , and they 're not muslim . 
  you 're the one playing the ethnic/religious card . 
  not me . 
  balkans is a different situation , and the serbs got fucked and humiliated like no other country in modern european history , so please . . 
  raclette is savoyard and swiss . 
  so unless you were unlucky , you got the real thing . 
  and cheese is supposed to smell awful :p, 
  i do n't know of any other country than turkey occupying an eu member . . like cyprus . 
  i 've only watched the beginning but it 's pretty interesting . 
  so sad that such a beautiful country and people are in such dire needs , right at the borders of my country . 
  a decade ago i traveled all around spain for months , on three different occasions , and have fond memories of the people , culture and general festive and peaceful atmosphere there . 
  i 'm all for helping the shit out of the country . 
  to be fully prosperous , europe needs its mediterranean countries to thrive , and spain is a major actor in that - especially with greece not doing well , and italy progressively falling through . 
  if southern europe falls , we will feel it in the north , because the mediterranean is essentially our border to the rest of the world . 
  i already answered about the annan plan which was very unfair to greek cypriots - which is why they rightfully voted against . 
  refer to my other comments . 
   but then g\u00e9rard , who has rather a lot on this earth including a chateau , vineyards in france , morocco , spain , italy , argentina , algeria and ukraine , three parisian restaurants , a fish shop , a hotel and a motorbike concession , not to mention oil concessions in cuba and investments in romanian telecommunications holy fuck . 
  i had no idea he had that much shit ... but then again , when you 've got a fuckton of money , it 's only normal to invest the shit out of it . 
  still . . 
  the entire international community agrees that turkey surpassed its boundaries , asked her to not continue the invasion when it was happening , yet she still went on . 
  i 'm not saying there were n't tensions with greek cypriot fascists , but everyone admits turkey went too far . 
  you are a wise one . 
  the turkish cypriots , those who were n't recent colonizers , get to stay in cyprus and be equal cypriots , although granted , it would probably take generations before ethnic tensions are resolved ... thanks to turkey ... 
  thanks . 
  interesting . 
  the french `` no\u00ebl '' seems out of place , as it does n't seem to mean anything in french . 
  apparently it 's an extreme deformation of latin `` natalis '' , which refers to `` nativity '' ( in french : `` nativit\u00e9 '' ) . 
  as you can see it was less deformed in other latin countries , where the words for christmas are clearly about `` nativity '' ( excluding romania and moldova - i 'd like to know what their word means if someone can explain - i 'm guessing it 's related to [ cr\u00e8che ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cr%c3%a8che ) ) . 
  edit : til turkey uses noel . . 
  the annan plan was a travesty for greek cypriots . 
  of course they refused it . 
  ca n't blame them for not accepting an unfair deal . 
  everyone says so for palestinians and israeli peace deals , but apparently greek cypriots have to accept unfair deals , or else it 's their fault ? 
  here 's a fair deal : all turkish colonizers need to be transfered back to turkey ( by that , i mean the turks who were sent to cyprus by the turkish government after the invasion ... not the turkish cypriots who lived there beforehand ) . 
  the turkish army needs to leave the island , restoring sovereignty to the entire island to the cypriot government , and turkey must pay reparations to greek cypriots who lost their houses and goods during their invasion . 
  in over 20 years , i see a progressive broader integration in the eu , but more secession ( or will to secede ) of specific regions from existing countries with the rise of feelings of regional identities amidst more globalisation , developing countries surpassing us ( at least individually , but not so much the eu economy as a whole ) , massive immigration and the feeling of protection under the eu so no need for each nation to be big . 
  by 30 + years , there would be a democratically elected president of the eu . 
  most european countries would be in it . 
  in 50 years , i see russia as more democratized and perhaps closer to the eu which would offer some protection to its eastern borders from chinese expansion . 
  the us would probably be closer again to the eu than it is now , since the eu would remain it 's greater ally in a world where the us would no longer be the sole superpower . 
  in 70 + years there will be a major conflict and civil unrest involving the eu , the new and old superpowers , lack of water and fossil fuels , and ethnic tensions inside europe , and much of the earth will become a barren wasteland . 
  there 's no effort to be made on the eu 's side . 
  at least , turkey needs to get clean with that cyprus situation . 
  of course . 
  how is that unfair ? 
  they 're the ones who want to get in our thing ...
