  i never saw a taxi in the street , and the night life was reduced to a couple random bars . 
  then again , i did n't know the good places in copenhagen , and i was there in dead winter . 
  anyway , i do n't know how to say this any other way . 
  i work in a hostel , i call multiple taxis every night , every day ( i mostly work week-ends ) , and it 's extremely easy for me to call a cab . 
  i even tell concerned clients that they do n't need to reserve a taxi in advance . 
  i 'll just call one when they want and it 'll be there in 5 mins , no matter the day or time . 
  i would n't take the risk of making clients late to the airport home if i were n't absolutely sure it 's easy to get a quick cab . 
  do n't argue about this with me . 
  i 'm pretty sure i have more experience than you do when it comes to calling taxis in the middle of the night in paris ... considering it 's part of my job . 
  i work night shifts in a hostel . 
  i can call a cab at any hour at night and it gets here in 5-10 minutes . 
  but i guess one needs a phone . 
  it 's true you 'll have a hard time finding a taxi just cruising around in the street at night . 
  it 's probably worse in copenhagen though ... sundays are getting better , but unions still inexplicably try to block reform on working sundays . 
  ok , i 'll grant that , though it 's getting better as well . 
  they are ? 
  i was n't saying that in a bad way . 
  france rules the luxury market by far , and built its image on it , and it 's a great thing . 
  it 's one of the only markets where france has no credible contender as a whole ( though strong foreign brands exist , i mean the credibility of the countries in the luxury markets ) . 
  yeah , i do think perhaps , if some people think the french suck at engineering , it 's because they only know what they see every day , and that can be french cars . 
  they 're not that bad , but they 're basically `` middle class '' to working class cars . 
  they 're not those big-ass ultra awesome expensive car brands like the famous german , british and italian brands . 
  it 's not that peugeot and renault ca n't do it , it 's simply not their pitch commercially . 
  oh , i get your point now . 
  my bad . 
  anyway , sure , i agree with that . 
  the `` size of their government '' argument does n't mean shit . 
  you can put it in bold , it still wo n't mean anything . 
  first of all , it 's totally unspecific , and secondly , many strong/centralized governments throughout history and today have been economically successful . 
  french administration is a shithole for sure , but there are many much more important factors which could influence a supposed decline . 
  for the last few years , / r/europe has been posting articles about how france is heading to some disaster and it 's going to be catastrophic for the eu because it 's a much bigger economy than the other countries which had to be bailed out . . etc. . and everyone was agreeing because who does n't love an apocalyptic news story ? 
  meanwhile i never felt the slightest difference . 
  i still get my baguette every morning , the metros still get me to my workplace , and the garbage men arrive on time . 
  `` keep calm and carry on '' . 
  we 're still selling massive tourism , luxury products , and stockpiles of weapons to warlords and autocrats . 
  nothing new under the sun . 
  i 'd like sweden to provide me my girlfriend . 
  thanks . 
  more seriously , for food in general i 'd say france and italy should share the providing ( and that includes wine , cheeses , . . anything ) . 
  for beer , belgium and germany can provide that . 
  music : uk, 
   engineering : france france has great engineers , and they 're appreciated worldwide , which is why they 're highly exported , particularly in the us through brain drain . 
  i do n't know where your ignorance comes from , who do you think built most of the high speed trains , airbus , esa material . . etc. . ? 
  for those who do n't know their history , it 's about remembering the [ `` rape of belgium '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_of_belgium ) , war crimes perpetuated by germans in belgium in the very early stages of the war , which brought a lot of support for british involvement amongst the british population . 
  the wikipedia article also has this [ similar poster ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/38/remember_belgium.jpg ) from the us . 
  if the upcoming mars lander ( 2018 ) crashes we 're going to get so much shit from boastful americans all over the internet . 
  the pressure is doubled :p i can already see pictures of the american mars rover cruising on mars with the caption `` u mad bro ? '', 
   it 's like they 're a us-wannabe trying to show how le powahfull they are . 
  france has been conducting itself that way since before the us existed , and has never stopped doing so . 
  you may be young and only recently started following international news , but this has always be like that . 
  france is especially a habitual actor in the middle east and africa . 
  these disputes vary in intensity of course . 
  most are very incidental . 
  i mean for my own perspective , the france/italy mont blanc dispute is n't anything serious compared to say , gibraltar . 
  until we find a gold mine , that is . 
  basically , it seems most of these disputes could simply be settled by a neutral observer , if they were considered important enough to be debated . 
  but they are n't . 
  agreed . 
  in france , it 's basically the mainstream right wing and mainstream left wing who will always win the major election , the presidential election , and most secondary elections , regional and all . 
  well , at least they 've won since the start of the 5th republic since the 50s . 
  there are very strong and influential 3rd parties in france , be it far left , far right , center and green , but ultimately , the same two bigger parties share most of the government . 
  where the third parties can win is in local elections . 
  well , his pronunciation of `` en '' is purely french . 
  canadian french pronounce it with a very distinct nasal sound . 
  however , canadian french tend to be good at imitating the basic french accent . 
  but all in all , i think the guy is european at least . 
  i ca n't imagine a north american being so knowledgeable about the sounds of all these languages . 
  i 'll go further and consider he 's western or northern european . 
  perhaps scandinavian , because his `` finnish '' imitation is pretty good , whereas non scandinavians would consider it an obscure language . 
  his french imitation is just so spot on ... but scandinavians are indeed good at languages . 
  so i 'd say the guy is either scandinavian , or the rare french guy who 's good in foreign languages . 
  ok then , we established he 's not portuguese then . 
  i also think he 's from france , or at least extremely fluent in french . 
  i never met a non-french who could pronounce the `` en '' , `` in '' and `` ou '' sounds so perfectly . 
  then again , all the other languages seemed perfectly pronounced , so maybe he 's just a pronunciation genius . 
  well , i 'd at least like a google street view of our solar system . 
  simply in numeric form . 
  so we can all understand how impossibly big our solar system is , and how far each planet is from the other ( since school textbooks tend to not be scaled ) . 
  maybe it can use arrows to indicate where each planet is , because obviously , they 'll be impossible to find through random space walks . 
  though the man seemed to be genuinely pissed off . 
  i 'm not a cypriot and i 'm watching this from the outside , so my opinion is surely uninformed . 
  i understand that `` reconciliation '' is key here and all ... 
  so there were turks in cyprus since long ago , we all know that , but the current situation exists today because turkey invaded and very much literally colonized the island , importing turks there basically trying to make it turkish . 
  this is recent history . 
  similarly , most people are pro irish when it comes to the situation on the island of ireland . 
  there 's no reason to be less critical of the situation in cyprus . 
  i 'm not a cypriot , and perhaps i 'm an ass , but if i were a greek cypriot , i would not take this . 
  there can be a `` united '' greek and cypriot team when all the recent turkish settlers go back to turkey , and when the turkish government itself relinquishes its aggressive position towards this eu country , backs down , apologizes and pays reparations . 
  a 3d map of the milky way , explorable like google street view , would be pretty cool  one day . 
  small steps , but one day ... 
  we 've been seeing news about venice sinking for years now . 
  i think it 's time for the italian authorities to hire some dutch engineers now . 
  this is only a tip , but get some info on the erasmus program of your future university . 
  different universities sometimes have different erasmus destinations . 
  so , say you 're interested in a specific country , or foreign university , so choose the portuguese uni which offers erasmus to that destination . 
  then prepare your erasmus candidacy in advance . 
  i did n't do erasmus myself , but i almost did but i half assed it and it was too late for the deadline . 
  what ? 
  there are supermarkets in france which close in the middle of the work day ? 
  i 've never seen that here .
