  in these domains , i do n't think there 's any european country which does better ( ie , they deserve being number 1 ) , however , other countries do better in other areas ( to take france for example , i 'd mention comic books perhaps ) , and while other countries can have cultural influence through other mediums , the task is n't made easy by the fact that their language is n't english . 
  that 's why , ladies and gents , language dominance is so important , because it 's important for the economy . 
  and that 's why , mesdames et messieurs , france tends to be so adamant about keeping the french language relevant as long as it still can . 
  no matter how much you bitch about it / r/europe , it 's a very understandable strategy . 
  in the 70s and 80s when the ps encompassed much of the communist party electorate . 
  also wait for the little green man before crossing the street , even if there 's not a car in sight . 
  that was shocking for me when i went to copenhagen . 
  i just went with it but it was a hard habit to take . 
  as a guy working in a paris hostel , i actually find it more offensive when people come up to me and directly speak spanish . 
  i rather understand it for english , considering it 's actually a lingua franca in europe and most people who 's mother tongue is n't english naturally use it . 
  also most native english speakers actually ask `` do you speak english ? '' . 
  spanish-speaking people however , just stride up speaking spanish like everyone should know it . 
  i understand that many of them come from latin america so they 're used to everyone speaking spanish , but they should realize that spanish is n't as important or known in europe . 
  i took spanish in school so i can get by with it , but it also seems that many of these people do n't understand the concept of speaking more slowly when i ask them to . 
  not to mention that movie is about a casually ignorant racist guy who comes to appreciate jews and arabs , and the movie is about jewish/arab reconciliation . 
  it 's not remotely racist . 
  just dancing traditional jewish dances . 
  jesus ... every fucking time one dresses or imitates another culture , especially if they 're non white cultures , there always has to be someone calling it racist . 
  here 's the classic rabbi jacob dancing scene : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x190kd_la-danse-de-rabbi-jacob_fun, 
  what 's sarcastic is that they say they have impure blood . 
  there are three theories , none are definitive . 
  the first theory , which people generally understand when reading those lyrics , is that it 's xenophobic . 
  and that foreigners have impure blood . 
  it 's not very plausible really since ideas of racial purity were only starting to develop , and this sort of ideology certainly was n't in the minds of french revolutionaries . 
  even if it is speaking about foreigners , one should n't really interpret it with our post-ww2 perspective , given things like racial superiority and eugenics were really developed later . 
  the second theory is that the term `` impure blood '' is used poetically to mean people who have impure ideals ( their bad ideas corrupt their `` blood '' ) , opposed to the progressive ideals of the enlightenment that the revolutionaries held . 
  so that would be royalists and foreign royalist armies . 
  the third theory , which is my favorite , is that when they speak of `` impure blood '' , the revolutionaries speak of themselves . 
  they have impure blood and will bleed , as opposed to nobles who have pure blood . 
  it 's sarcastic . 
  regionalism as a political thing is quite weak in france , but regional pride is strong . 
  kind of like the states in the us . 
  people have two identities , the national one and the regional one . 
  well , normandy and brittany are friendly rivals . 
  especially for claiming [ this thing ] ( http://cdt14.media.tourinsoft.eu/upload/mont-st-michel-dieter-basse.jpg ) as the result of their respective cultures/histories . 
  yes , it is ironic how france was giving lessons to others , and now faces the same problems and ca n't do any better . 
  i ca n't deny that . 
  i had no idea about kinshasa overtaking paris . 
  it actually never occurred to me that paris was the largest french speaking city . 
  i mean if someone asked me the question , i would have guessed paris , but otherwise i had never thought about it . 
  i do n't think being the largest french speaking city is very significant though . 
  otherwise , with these developing countries seeing such a demographic boom , it 's understandable that the number of speakers is growing , but i 'm not sure the percentage of french speakers is growing , considering other languages are also growing . 
  regardless , i do n't think this will change much . 
  also , english is displacing other languages as a second language and a lingua franca , but i do n't see that as bad considering other languages ( at least the large national languages ) are in no danger of dying off ( except those directly affected by english , like irish gaelic and stuff ) . 
  it 's true though that cultural influence through language is important and good for a country 's economy , so it 's too bad for france and others , but there 's not much that can be done about it . 
  unless we win ww3 or something and impose ourselves as the new superpower :p , the french language is inevitably sidelined by english . 
  i 'd say mostly everyone knows the first verse , but not the rest . . and that 's no different in most countries of the world . 
  i seriously ca n't get enough of british baked beans on toast . 
  damn that 's good . 
  with marks and spencer 's shops recently entering the market in paris ( and it looks like a huge success , packed every day - goes to show how us french people are n't as snobbish about our food as one may think ) , i 've been taking the subway specifically to shop there for the good british brands of baked beans . 
  before that , unless i could find some heinz baked beans ( which was rare ) , the only similar things i could find were cans advertised as `` white beans with tomato sauce '' ( in french ) , and for some reason those are disgusting . 
  only the british brands are good . 
  french is the sole official language of france , and the republic is very strict about that . 
  it 's only relatively recently since france has given some space to local regional languages . 
  i 'm all for that , but i 'll be damned if we do this for groups of people who are n't even native people of france , and have only recently started to come here in large numbers since the 2000s . 
  the us anthem is n't my favorite , but i do acknowledge that the lyrics are perhaps the most poetic i 've read in an anthem . 
  then again , i only speak english , french and some spanish , so the other lyrics i may have read from other anthems were mere translations which perhaps do n't reflect the poetry of the original languages . 
  yeah hehe , i had already seen that . 
  good . . good ... all is going according to plan . 
  i think [ france 's anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lawijgwdese ) is awesome , be it the lyrics and the tune , including the second and beyond verses that most people do n't know . 
  it 's very martial and violent , but that 's a reflection of our history , and it 's just badass . 
  for the uk 's anthem , i agree that `` god save the queen '' kind of sucks , and i 'd suggest '' [ rule britannia !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yprh8elxgbu ) '' should become official . 
  i think that one 's really cool . 
  hell , when/if scotland votes to stay in the union , a good way to honor it could be to decide that `` rule britannia ! '', 
  is now the official anthem . 
  i 'd also add that spain is a relatively late member of the eu , unlike france/germany/italy who were founding members . 
  nowadays the popular opinion about spain is rather fiesta y siesta . 
  never heard anything negative about spain , or its history . 
  not from france at least , cause who are we to criticize anyway ? 
  the english language is a good lingua franca , and everyone should understand it , but it does n't mean everything should systematically be solely in english in international events or political meetings , less people from european countries complain that they actually want it all to just be in english . 
  agreed . 
  i especially dislike it when in some of those surveys it seems many people here are happy at the prospect that china will replace the us as the top superpower . 
  that 's insane . 
  i much rather the us be up there than china . 
  those casualties are less heartbreaking than i 'm used to reading about in ww1 battles ( [ marne ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_battle_of_the_marne ) , [ somme ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_somme ) , [ verdun ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_verdun ) ) . 
  this war really became insane when everyone else started joining in . 
  melts in your mouth !, 
  the sides can be anything but usually it is slices of fried or cooked potatoes like in this picture . 
  i also agree that france and the uk are extremely similar , despite of course noticeable differences . 
  working in a hostel in paris , the most seemless tourists are the british ones . 
  the countries are ultimately so similar and close that british tourists are much more casual when they come here . 
  it 's like they 're just in france . 
  no biggy . 
  just doing their thing while they 're here . 
  tell me something that i do n't know ( apart from `` hitler worshipper '' which is quite an overstatement with nothing to back it up ) , and which actually has an incidence on what i said . 
  i 'm also pretty sure le pen father is an antisemite . 
  he 's the old school french far right . 
  but that 's dying off , so much so that even the party he founded opposes his antics . 
  it 's actually somewhat funny to think about how petrified marine le pen must be each time her father is interviewed . 
  scared that the old man will say something unacceptable and give her a bad image . 
  is that party policy ? 
  i know the lcr ( now npa ) calls for actual armed revolution , but no one gives them shit about that . 
  now show me where the fn said any of what you said , and not moments where they , admittedly cleverly , denied comment because that would be like accepting that they 're responsible . 
  i think you need to understand that when a journalist asks marine le pen to comment on something like p\u00e9tain or whatnot , she naturally refuses to . 
  and to be honest , she 's right to do so . 
  i do n't deny the fn has racist elements . 
  i think it most certainly does . 
  that 's what you do n't seem to understand , so this is getting ludicrous . 
  you 're clearly an unreasonable person .
