  france no longer had the manpower to sustain its power throughout the continent . 
  and if napoleon himself is to be believed , when he came back to power during the 100 days , he did n't want to go on a conquering spree again , and just wanted his dynasty to survive as leader of france . 
  on the french wikipedia , you ca n't use movie posters for movies ' wikipedia pages . 
  on the english wikipedia , they can use movie posters due to fair use . 
  example , using a french movie : [ am\u00e9lie wikipedia page in french ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/le_fabuleux_destin_d%27am%c3%a9lie_poulain ) [ am\u00e9lie wikipedia page in english ( which uses the french poster ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/am%c3%a9lie ), 
  you 're probably right . 
  the shit i take for being half american in france , it 's friendly . 
  and when i mock a coworker for being say , polish for example , i do it with the same meaningless friendly humor that i get for being american . 
  however , you 're right that 's there 's a big difference concerning minorities . 
  to be honest , i would n't go so far to joke against an actual minority , like arabs , muslims , blacks ... maybe that 's the problem . 
  they 're not in on our jokes , they 're rarely included , because we 're so scared of being called racists . 
  maybe it would be better if they were knocked for their origins like everyone else is . 
  i must say , i got ta agree with you on that . 
  i 'm half american so i 've been the butt of jokes about that , but i 've witnessed and participated in jokes against coworkers who were poles , italians , arabs , . . etc. 
  ; on a regular basis . 
  our favourite victims though , are our non-parisian but french coworkers . 
  to us they just all come from the countryside , and used to live with cows in their garden . 
  personally , i think these jokes are a good thing . 
  it 's a way for us to not take our origins too seriously . 
  in most actual jobs i had in france , sex jokes came quite often . 
  women participated just as much as men btw . 
  i always wondered how badly we 'd get sued in the us for that . 
  at my job once a mexican tourist was complaining because we did n't accept american dollars . 
  he kept pushing me and asked me why we do n't accept us dollars . 
  i answered `` because france is a developed country '' . 
  burn . 
  i felt kind of bad afterwards . 
  ok , let me reiterate . 
  if it 's just a video about a guy saying racist propaganda , ok , there are rules about hatespeech and the mods can delete the content . 
  this is a video produced and made by pro-immigrants . 
  whether a racist youtube channel took the video knowing it would ironically serve its purpose more does n't change the original intent of the video , which is documenting and spreading the word of what refugees feel . 
  so it 's the video itself which should be judged for moderation , and as it stands , it does n't break any of the rules of this sub . 
  so it 's not to the moderators to determine if this video serves their political ideas or not , whether they 're pro-immigrant do-gooders , or full fledged neo-nazis . 
  reddit will upvote or downvote it . 
  the mods have no say on whether or not this content should stay . 
  it 's easier for the world to have a lingua franca , and english won , so english it is , and i do n't mind , especially since i 'm fairly good at it ( and i assume , most redditors ) , so i 'm not handicapped by this current state of affairs . 
  however , i do find it ridiculous when music artists whose mother tongue is n't english choose to sing in english . 
  it 's fine once in a while , but when it 's all the time it 's just stupid ( `` hey . . we can hear your stupid accent by the way !, 
  back in the day , operas were sometimes written in italian , french , or german by composers who were n't . 
  but today , for example in the eurovision , most countries chose to sing in english , when i rather thought the eurovision was an opportunity to celebrate our diversity . 
  instead it seems , especially in germanic countries or northern europe , english is `` cool '' as you say . 
  but from our perspective in france , these northern countries singing in english seem ridiculous and shameful , and we 'd rather you used your own language in this context . 
  also , we 've come to a point where english has practically become the only important foreign language . 
  it 's just too dominant . 
  so in everyday life , people are willing to watch english language movies , but not others . 
  i 'd rather there were a `` balance of powers '' of sorts , where while english may be the lingua franca , there would still be a strong place for other languages/cultures ( as language is the vector of culture , so english-speaking cultures have a huge advantage when it comes to spreading their culture = market / $ $ $ , because they happen to be speaking a language that most people can understand ) . 
  yeah , and anyway , when something is over 20 euros , most people are likely to use a credit card anyway , so no one 's going to loose any significant amount of money . 
  same here . 
  however , my local supermarket has these machines now , where you can self cashier your products . 
  lastly , i 've been spending tons of small cent coins i had left on those machines . 
  i still have a lot to go through , but now i 'm using them fast . 
  just throwing lots of cent coins in the machine ( not too much though , because i 'm scared the machine does n't have room for all of them ) , at least 1 euro 's worth of 2 and 1 cent coins each time though . 
  backlash from the part of the electorate in europe who would find this `` scandalous '' although they 're typically not the ones having to deal with the migrant problem firsthand . 
  i also did n't get the hype and what 's weird is that for all the success this film had in france , i 've never met anyone who liked it . 
  there were moments when i smiled . 
  perhaps i even let myself go to a chuckle at one point or two . 
  otherwise , there are actually funny french comedies out there . 
  are n't we all so awkwardly antisocial , guys ?!, 
  haha !, 
  choochoo !, 
  it 's not like in the last couple months there have been an impressive amount of stories of american actual authorities killing unarmed minorities . 
  not at all . 
  chinese communities in paris have been protesting lately because of insecurity . 
  they feel they 've been disproportionately victims of street thugs , or dare i say `` youths '' if you know what i mean . 
  even the chinese government has demanded that french authorities take action against crime targeting chinese communities in france . 
  the idea is that many of these chinese may be illegal , so they 're afraid to go to the police , and while the chinese may have tight nit communities , they have a hard time defending themselves against petty crime which targets them specifically , because it 's fairly known that they 're easy targets ... 
  lol , fucking brilliant . 
  the map is great like it is . 
  there 's no reason to represent the entirety of russia . 
  we all understand why it 's like that . 
  do n't listen to this guy :p, 
  are n't ... are n't you a mod ? 
  looks good . 
  good thinking bringing the map up to the top of the page . 
  nice original colours too . 
  i feel the artistic numbers , which are very nice by the way , have more of a persian vibe to them than a european one . 
  they basically look , sound and feel `` oriental '' . 
  it seems pretty clear to me that if azerbaijan belongs to a broader civilization , it is n't the european one . 
  while every european country and region has its own culture , i can watch , say , greek , or even russian cultural demonstrations and feel a connection to them . 
  what i see in this nice ceremony , however , feels quite foreign to me . 
  if no one wants a job ( mostly public jobs , or cleaning jobs in hotels ) , do we import people willing to do it because their standards are so low , or do we pay a higher salary to encourage natives to take the job . . 
  i wonder ... 
   if you are from latin america you can apply for citizenship after two years of legal residence here wow , that 's extremely short a time period . 
  all latin americans i 've met in france are perfectly decent , hard working and integrated and all , and have the benefit of having pretty much western culture and values already , but nonetheless , i 'm surprised spain is so lenient with them because it does affect the rest of the eu ( or rather schengen area ) when one country gives citizenship easily , since an eu citizen can live anywhere else they want ( not that we have problems with massive amounts of latinos in europe . . but still , in principle , just surprises me ) . 
  from what i 've seen of argentinians , uruguayans , but especially chileans , i feel a good proportion of them must have some native blood , though some of them surely think they 're white . 
  it 's true than in comparison to the typical south american , they look white ( r ) . 
  in comparison to a white spaniard though , i often see a tint of something else ( and i do n't mean by the colour of their skin which is n't an indication of much , but by their facial features , especially the nose and eye shape ) . 
  white americans , in comparison , typically do n't seem to have some native in them , and if they do it 's so far removed it 's completely gone from their features . 
  and this opening ceremony just makes it clear how not european azerbaijan is . 
  very iranian-like feel all around . 
  not a criticism . 
  it 's very nice . 
  and there 's nothing wrong with not being european . 
  ok , one mod , multiple mods , does n't take away the initial point on the motivation . 
  i stand by my suspicions . 
  no way `` local news '' was a point of confusion for someone who 's been here long enough to be selected as a mod . 
  good point . 
  i mean if everyone , or many people did it , apart from looking chaotic , i think it would be pretty cool . 
  it 's just so clich\u00e9 that the only person doing this happens to be a fellow frenchman :p really not doing our reputation any favours haha but i 'm over it , especially considering , again , i feel most people appreciate it when they discuss it . 
  i do n't see how , the info was still deleted on multiple occasions until they decided it was a bad call .
