  notice anything wrong ? 
  maybe two countries missing perhaps ? 
  damn , get it together bbc !, 
  that explains why france has so many wins . 
  i do n't think they won since the 70s or so , or maybe just one time . 
  french , english , spanish , and some notions of german and russian . 
  i 'm also fluent in pig latin . 
  the main point that needs to be remembered here is that the overall sanctions against russia from the eu and nato members are very weak . 
  if france cancels the deal , france would be carrying alone on its shoulders the only important sanction against russia , although france itself is hardly affected by russia 's actions with ukraine , nor did it sign that deal about protecting ukrainian sovereignty like russia , the us and the uk did back then . 
  i 'm personally for canceling the deal , but then again i 'm just some guy behind his computer . 
  i wish all the eu and nato had pooled together to massively sanction russia , but we 're too uncoordinated to work anything out . 
  well , if a space race is just for prestige , i 'm all for it . 
  but if it 's for some sort of military dominance ( taking the higher ground in a sense ) , it 's kind of worrying , especially from countries like russia . 
  op is american , so i do n't think you being turkish would be a problem . 
  there may , however , be some disagreement about submitting turkish books as european though : s, 
  i do n't get what you 're asking . 
  you want us to plan a trip ? 
  how many days ? 
  on what budget ? 
  cause i could just plan a trip where they visit every country , every city and every monument ... are there any requirements here ? 
  yeah , it 's true . 
  the ukip is quite capitalistic and for free enterprise , whereas the fn , at least nowadays , is ironically pretty left wing economically . 
  it 's more to the left than the mainstream socialist party , when it comes to its economic stance . 
  except when it comes to taxes i guess . 
  this is n't a new phenomenon . 
  bruno gollnisch , who used to be number 2 in the fn at the time when le pen father was the leader , has a japanese wife . 
  le pen father was the first person to have a muslim woman elected in the french parliament , in 1956 or so ( the party was n't called the fn yet , but it was its ancestor party ) . 
  the fn is nothing like the bnp in britain which until recently would n't allow non-whites to be members . 
  the fn is rather closer to some ukip-type party imo . 
  yes , and looking at the graph it seems a handfull of other countries are above poland in that regard . 
  just looking at how much grey there is compared to pink , i count at least 4 of 5 countries above poland . 
  anti-eu parties in france definitely use the `` we have a net contribution of 5 billion '' argument . 
  most people here however do n't really think about it . 
  i sometimes invoke the net contribution argument , however , when other europeans complain about france getting cap money and whatnot - because i find it 's unfair that people complain that france gets the most agricultural subsidies , because anyway in total it 's the second net contributor , so technically we 're just getting some of our own money back . 
  there are something like 750 meps , each with a yearly salary of some 85,000 euros . 
  [ the wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/member_of_the_european_parliament#payment_and_privileges ) says that the european parliament alone costs 1.5 billion a year to maintain . 
  and the eu parliament is only one of the institutions of the eu , most of which are in the benelux countries ( the eu commission , and the eu counsel are also in brussels ) . 
  western countries ( or at least those who care about their military capabilities ) hold joint military exercises all the time . 
  those are often expensive business , prepared long in advance , and thus do n't really correlate to current geopolitical realities . 
  china and russia just have few other countries to play with in a friendly manner . 
  even so , i believe i remember some exercises between france and russia a couple years back . 
  france also regularly has military exercises with the us . 
  i mean it 's just some sort of mutually beneficial exercise , and it 's `` friendly '' . 
  not to be interpreted as a sign of aggression to the countries which were n't included in the exercise ... 
  that made me laugh , but i 'd say it 's rather the consonants which are unnecessary in french , considering how often they 're not pronounced . 
  vowels actually do affect pronunciation . 
  yeah , that site was posted here , but for what i remember from taking the test , it was n't very helpful considering many mps from all parties scored exactly the same . 
  it 's actually somewhat well known that mainstream parties vote pretty much the same in the eu parliament , most of the time . 
  if you want to vote for further european integration , i 'd say any mainstream party in france would do . 
  so the mainstream right , the mainstream left and the center . 
  both the mainstream right and the mainstream left , however , do have a small number of the `` old guard '' of sorts , who tend to have `` sovereignist '' leanings , but they do n't represent much and would probably vote how their party tells them to anyway . 
  but my guess is the center is probably the surest vote for a more integrated europe ( i personally wo n't vote for them , so i 'm not trying to plug them in , just trying to give op a fair answer ) . 
  the greens tend to be pretty pro-eu as well , though on a personal level i think their policies are n't desirable ( their environmental stance is fine , it 's their economic and social stance which seem just unproductive to me ) . 
  considering turkey was n't allowed to join when it was a cooler country , i 'm fairly confident it wo n't get to join when it has become batshit insane . 
  not to mention the turks do n't really care to join anymore , so there 's less incentive on their side as well . 
  the uk 's great for those who like what the uk has to offer . 
  as you said , it 's very subjective , and the uk is very attractive as a tourist destination , and i 'm not surprised . 
  the uk is a cultural superpower , thus it 's quite normal that people would want to experience visiting it . 
  damn man , you 're embarrassing us with your smugness here . 
  anyway , i 'm actually surprised france is even on the `` top 10 list '' . 
  there 's usually a huge circle jerk against france , because it 's such an obvious and clich\u00e9 tourist destination ( with reason imo ) , that people ( probably intentionally ) ignore it in favor of other smaller countries , which lets be honest , have a much less diverse offer in terms of tourist attractions and cultural diversity . 
  not because they 're not as good , but simply because france is the largest country in the eu so naturally chances are one can find what he likes considering regional diversity due to the country 's size - be it sunny mediterranean beaches , mountain skiing , atlantic sailing , or culture overdose . 
  yeah , there 's absolutely no reason for you do be downvoted . 
  your comment is , as of yet , the most accurate in this thread . 
   yes . 
  the eu would have been slightly better if by that you mean that the eu would have been the us ' bitch even more so than it now is , in accordance to the uk 's foreign policy since then end of ww2 , then i agree . 
  turkey has always been considered an outsider force , and consider themselves as such as well . 
  their civilization center is clearly in anatolia , their culture clearly not european . 
  i understand it 's ambiguous considering they still have a stronghold at the border of the european continent . 
  but there 's nothing racist or wrong with acknowledging that turkey is removed quite enough from the rest of europe culturally and historically ( despite their occupation of the balkans for centuries ) for it to very reasonably not be considered european . 
  i 'm correcting someone . 
  he did n't outright deny the holocaust , he minimized it . 
  it 's just as bad . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  on a more `` philosophical '' level of sorts , the eu lacks unifying symbols . 
  most countries are built on national heroes , national monuments , or defining , glorious historical moments . 
  the eu has none of the sort . 
  it has boring historical moments , like that time when some leaders signed some treaty . 
  it has no grandiose unifying symbol of any kind . 
  the national anthem is nice , but it 's in german so only germanophones can actually sing it . 
  basically there has been little effort done to find common symbols to unite all europeans , for all europeans to be proud of . 
  some may say that that 's an antiquated way of seeing things . 
  that 's it 's pretty much propaganda . 
  i think it 's just basic sociology and politics . 
  the eu needs real symbols and heroes . 
  without them , the unity is n't grounded in any strong reality , it 's just diplomatic/legal , and that 's not strong grounds for lasting unity . 
   for example he says `` lack of a unified military / defence force '' yet this is a major strength for many countries and citizens who do not want such a thing . 
  and they can `` afford '' to not have a military because the eu and nato are there to defend them . 
  just a correction , le pen father never denied the holocaust . 
  he minimized it . 
  if i remember correctly , this is the translation of his quote which got him in trouble : `` i 'm not saying the gas chambers never existed , but that the holocaust is a mere detail of the history of ww2 '' . 
  he also said something along the lines that the nazi occupation of france was n't that bad . 
  it 's an awful thing to say , for sure , but if i wanted to be the devil 's advocate , i 'd mention that le pen actually lived the nazi occupation of france , and his father died on a german mine during the war . 
  so he has first hand experience : one , about his father 's death , which might make him think the holocaust was just one `` detail '' among many other important things . 
  the other where he says it was n't all that bad , although he lived the occupation himself and his father died because of it - and he 's criticized by people who were n't even there . 
  obviously , he 's certainly insensitive about it , and that 's the main problem about these outbursts . 
  i actually meant to say that i would n't care if the parliament thing was n't held in strasbourg , meaning i would support ending it ... and shut your shithole with your stereotypes . 
  fucking annoying . 
  can confirm . 
  am french and do not care .
