  but it does get some decent tourism , however it is true , the center region is snubbed compared to the southern and eastern beaches . 
   but has the german reputation for efficiency and punctuality taken a dent ? 
  the bbc sure loves national stereotypes . 
  it should n't even be about spying , but reinforced regulation and whatnot . 
  the british probably would n't do the same as they were for republican victory . 
  they might have done this ( or would have if it were a practice at the time ) for those who joined foreign waffen ss troops or something . 
  i suspect it all depends on what he 's fighting for , against who , for what reasons , how , and other details ( like the strength of his involvement , if it constitutes `` treason '' against his national country ... etc. . ), 
  i think it should practically be systematic whenever a dual citizen commits a severe crime , including treason ( which is the case here if they join a jihad group ) . 
  i 'd just like to mention that i 'm a dual citizen . 
  also , one should consider the schengen area , there is a responsibility towards the other countries too . 
  when a schengen country fails to strip someone of the eu citizenship he holds , it puts all schengen countries at risk of having that criminal live in those other countries . 
  i 'm not offended . 
  i 've heard it all . 
  it 's just crazy to me when people tell me how paris is , although i 've been living there for a decade . 
  however , i do hate it when someone over the internet tells me i 'm offended . 
  that actually really pisses me off :p, 
  you know , i also get comments from people either surprised that parisians were so nice considering the stereotype , or who just say that they loved paris and had a great time . 
  you had a bad time . 
  maybe it 's you , maybe you were unlucky , or maybe those who had a good time were lucky , or their personality was compatible to that of parisians . 
  who knows , but your lone opinion ultimately does n't really matter . 
  apart from the 3 baltic states , there were n't any other eu countries in the ussr . 
  countries like poland , were allied or satellite states , but not formerly part of the ussr . 
  france has chaotic driving ? 
  i never heard this , except for [ the worst roundabout in the western world ] ( http://a54.idata.over-blog.com/500x345/1/75/17/71/fichier-26/paris-20--20l-arc-20de-20triomphe-20de-20l-etoile.jpg ) ( but at least it 's also the prettiest , though one does n't dare look at the view , cause there are 5 cars trying to cut you from different corners ) . 
   indifference i agree . 
  paris is the most visited place in the entire world by a longshot . 
  people do n't really care where anyone comes from , because we 've all seen hundreds like you last month . 
  i agree . 
  we do n't really see what 's going on , and how it started . 
  the sarcasm in your second paragraph is actually part of the arguments these people can use . 
  if europeans constantly need to apologize for past crimes , why do n't the turks , and arab muslims apologize to us when they did the conquering and subjugation ? 
  many countries joined the eu although they were doing well economically . 
  like sweden , austria , and even spain . 
  though granted , it was in the early days . 
  thanks . 
  it 's still cool , 
  it is true , and many proponents of the eu , or the euro , have admitted that , the eu and euro are essentially ideologically-driven . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that , since the ideology behind it is essentially `` good '' . 
  the problem is that ideology-driven concepts often do n't take economics and practicality into account . 
  a great eu could have been attained if we actually took our time to make smart decisions . 
  i 'm for the eu as a whole , but damn , should we have gone much , much slower in the integration process , one country at a time at least would have been better . 
  keep in mind however , that developing nations naturally have a high growth , whereas countries which are already top of the game have a moderate ( or stagnant in times of crisis ) growth . 
  it does n't mean these developing countries will catch up any time soon , though i personally hope so for eastern europe , as we would all benefit from having a continent rich from sea to shining sea . 
  you 're being downvoted for being essentially right . 
  the eu definitely needs to stop accepting net recipients into the union . 
  however , it does n't mean we ca n't have accession talks , which imply that said candidate country needs to develop economically before joining . 
  we can have trade treaties which may help candidate countries to develop , until we consider that said country is an economic asset to the eu , rather than a hassle . 
  does tyskland for germany have anything to do with the god t\u00fdr in etymology or toponymy ? 
  [ here 's the budget and contribution of each eu country for esa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_space_agency#membership_and_contribution_to_esa ) . 
  notice germany and france together contribute to almost 50 % of esa 's budget , though the eu as a whole does fund from its budget to contribute around 20 % ( so eu net contributors , including germany and france , technically contribute a little more ) . 
  also , notice canada actually contributes a small amount . 
  goes to show we do n't have to have a dick waving contest , and if we 're friendly to eachother we can simply work together ( though granted , an actual space race does get us somewhere faster . . ) . 
  i know france took the initiative , but they did n't invent gaddafi , nor did they force the us to take part . 
  and ultimately , gaddafi 's airforce could do nothing against the main eu airforces . 
  the us involvement made the intervention much faster , and cheaper for the europeans . 
  ultimately , everyone wanted gaddafi out , because he had become a huge liability . 
  i fail to see how the french `` started '' libya , and then did nothing . 
  well , at least in libya other countries used military force , and did n't just leave that bit to the french . 
  maybe we can take a simple example for people to understand : there 's trade going on around the horn of africa . 
  eu trade , which is beneficial for all europeans . 
  but when somali pirates attack trade ships , it hurts eu trade . 
  so american , french , british ( . . etc. . ) ships try to fight off the somali pirates . 
  but considering we 're in the european union , and everyone in the union benefits from trade being possible around the horn of africa , why should only france , and britain , and a few others spend millions protecting eu trade interests from pirates , when other eu countries just lay back like nothing is happening . 
  the military is important . 
  whether you 're a pacifist or not . 
  we 're all in an economic union in the eu , and as such , we have common interests . 
  you may consider your eu country is n't affected by some revolt in africa or whatnot , but one of the main reasons why your uranium , gas , and even your actual food , come at a fair price is because a couple eu countries are here to uphold and defend international trade and law , and protect their interests , and by extension yours , because we 're ultimately in this together . 
  but also , if not mostly in this case , the fact that france intervenes twice in a row in africa ( mali and now the car ) , and can only get some logistic help from other european countries despite the fact that everyone agrees with the intervention , and agrees that stabilizing the region will benefit everyone , including africans , including trade with europe as a whole . 
  yeah , probably . 
  i played the easy first , thinking it would be the `` known '' countries flags , and then wanted to try the hard mode only to realize it was the same flags . 
  i guess in the hard mode you have to write down the countries ' names fully . 
  i only typed `` vati - '' and it accepted it . . where i had to retype multiple times is for liechten ... or however you write it . 
  i never seem to remember . 
  but it finally accepted my 5th attempt or so . 
  i also had a weird difficulty with ireland . 
  i did n't get why it would n't accept `` ireland '' , until i thought of writing `` republic of ire - '' and it accepted it there ... 
  yes i can , and i did , 
  it 's hard to describe , or even know what to think of foreign languages . 
  but there 's one thing i can say , as a native french and english speaker . 
  i think italian and russian sound beautiful , in very different ways . 
  germanic languages ( except for english . . ) sound kind of weird , and do n't compute with a french ear . 
  i 've however grown a liking to norwegian , i think it sounds cool . 
  but i do listen to black metal bands . 
  on a personal level , finnish sounds crazy . 
  it 's all like `` vainal\u00f6l\u00ebm\u00f6\u00efneniv\u00e4 . . '' craziness :p . it could very well be an amerindian language for all i know . 
  and yeah , dutch sounds like english , and i need a couple seconds of confusion before understanding that the language i 'm hearing is n't english , but dutch . 
  it sounds like spanish , surely due to spanish influencing how basque is spoken . 
  similarly , breton speakers speak that celtic language with a french intonation , and the irish speak gaelic with an english intonation . . 
  if you see what i mean . 
  basically , basque in that video sounds like spanish , which is weird to me , because i speak spanish , but i do n't understand anything she 's saying obviously , since she 's not speaking spanish . . 
  the `` far-right '' attacked the protesters because they 're likely far left protesters , and that 's just what these people do ; attack eachother at every opportunity . 
  the far left attack far right protests and vice versa . 
  while for sure , the far right guys do n't agree with the message of that protest , i 'm pretty sure they were more focused on who they were attacking than the reason of the protest . 
  i 'm just saying this from personal experience and knowledge from the equivalent scenes in france . 
  it 's about scoring occasional victories , or getting revenge from last time , and showing who 's boss . 
  from what i read in the newspaper today about it , the starting price is said to be 65 euros . 
  edit : oh , the actual video of the linked article says the starting price is 59 euros ... 
  so , 3.5 hours approximately , considering people say one must get to the airport 2h before departure ( though i agree , it 's excessive ) . 
  then add to that that airports tend to be far away from the city , it often takes an hour of public transport to get to big airports ( as opposed to train stations , often relatively central ) . 
  that 's definitely the case for paris .
