  also dutch sounds like a retarded form of english , so clearly there 's a link there :d, 
  well to be fair it 's not necessarily just about cameron . 
  other countries recognized the armenian genocide long before cameron was british prime minister . 
  so it 's about cameron , and all the previous governments who had n't done it when they could . 
   he shows no irritation if people do not understand him when he speaks in french so he did n't completely turn into a frenchman . 
  do you think we should eat bread with a knife and fork ? 
  france gets such a bad rap internationally about how we 're `` so racist against arabs and muslims '' . . 
  but we would n't allow so many in the country in the first place if it were true . 
  france is clearly one of the most tolerant and open societies out there . 
  too open if you ask me . 
  `` for recreational diving purposes '' . 
  wow , i had never considered that governments would purposely sink a boat for that reason . 
  pretty cool actually . 
  say a person born and bred in france of black african parents . 
  though the child only knows france , chances are he 's not as aware of native french culture and values as someone of ethnic french roots . 
  and i 'm just talking about the simple , non-controversial things , like going to granpa 's house in the french countryside , eating a typical three course meal where the main dish is beef bourguignon , and perhaps granpa still occasionally speaks in his dialect , using terms the kid understands because he 's heard them before . 
  black african french kid has n't experienced this , and all he really knows of france may be the trash he sees on tv , or what he learns in public school , though in many cases chances are most of the other kids in his school are immigrant in origin too . 
  but if the child of immigrants is higher class , he may live in a more middle class place where he 'll encounter more ethnic french kids in his daily life , but still his immigrant parents will more likely not transmit him a french family identity , and not transmit him french values ( which were built through the last centuries of philosophy and history , transmitted by family experiences ) , and that 's normal/understandable . 
  my father is french and my mother american , for example . 
  and in my case , though my mother loves france and french culture and all , that 's why she moved here , she did n't transmit any french culture to me . 
  i got american culture from her , and i 'm happy for it . 
  but i got my french culture and values from my dad . 
  he showed me french food , he took me to see the loire valley castles , and he 'd tell me about king francis i , and baudelaire and whatnot ( my dad 's pretty big into history and culture ) . 
  ultimately what i 'm going to say is controversial , and wo n't be well regarded by my fellow left-wing countrymen , but in terms of identity , immigrants , or people of immigrant family , are largely `` less french '' than ethnic french people . 
  they may have french papers , which thus makes them fully french , and that 's fine . 
  sure . 
  but they tend to have a less deep connection to the land , the history and culture . 
  that 's not a criticism , btw . 
  it 's normal . 
  and ultimately , france , and all europe , and all of the `` old '' world , is n't like the us . 
  the us built itself as a melting pot . 
  now sure , there are even in the us those who came there first , who built the us first . 
  but even they were there just a couple generations before they mixed with a new group . 
  but think of strong american identities , like southern whites with roots to old time dixie land . 
  new immigrants in the us ca n't just invent themselves a southern identity either . 
  well , in europe it 's even `` worse '' . 
  the culture is even deeper and further back , thus even harder to be a part of if it 's not inherited . 
  even in immigrationist countries like france , the actual big and significant waves of immigrants started only in the 60s . 
  they 're very recent ( i know lots of italians and poles and whatnot came before ... , but it 's nothing compared to the immigration numbers in recent decades ) . 
  in france , the ethnic french are the natives . 
  so you can stamp immigrants with citizenship all you want , immigrants wo n't suddenly become as french as the natives , the same way a naturalized american citizen does n't become a native american . 
  a naturalized american citizen takes on the identity of melting-pot america , while maintaining his ancestral culture is n't a contradiction with being american as well . 
  wow , resurrecting a 2 month old comment , just to get offended although it was obviously meant as a broad stereotypical view . 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  if it were n't for the northern regions which are closer to northern europe in terms of cuisine , and are thus more turned to beer and cider , we 'd be at the top :p italy however , has no excuse . 
  eagles of death metal guy claims arabs are `` jealous '' . 
  i * do * think there 's an inferiority complex going on among some arab or maghrebi people , which fuels their hatred of the west and encourages their fundamentalism ( just one factor among many others , but still there ) . 
  they want their culture to at least be better in * something * . 
  but all that muslim arab countries are producing of any note is religious piety . 
  so that 's what they 're better at . 
  * they 're * pure and pious . 
  not like the `` decadent '' west , with all its cultural and economic wealth , and scientific innovations and relevance , but full of `` whores '' and infidels and `` sin '' ... well muslim countries are shitholes , but at least they have `` pure '' women and pious men . 
  and obviously that 's just entirely my amateur opinion . 
  just an educated assumption . 
  anyway , i 'm thinking the festival organizers are rather more concerned that eagles of death metal may be a security liability if they 're seen to have `` provoked '' muslims by insulting them ( rightfully or not ) . 
  i 'm offended that hitler is compared to napoleon . 
  more seriously , johnson seems to imply that `` napoleon and hitler tried '' to do europe , but they failed because there 's no european allegiance . 
  while it is true that there unfortunately is n't really a european allegiance , what napoleon and hitler did with their conquering and annexations were completely and radically different from what the eu is . 
  hitler wanted a pan-germanic empire centered on germany/germans , and it thus would hardly be a multicultural or multiethnic state . 
  and napoleonic france , while it did annex large regions of non-french neighboring people , was rather set on controlling its backyard to impose itself as the dominant force in europe , but also to protect itself from its neighbors which kept attacking it . 
  the eu is not a conquering force , its members are given the same rights , though granted germany and france and britain and other of the bigger countries have more influence due to their population size and the nature of democracy ... 
  the eu is n't a perfect democracy , but germany 's political power in the eu is n't comparable to nazi germany 's power in europe at their height . 
  would have been nice to have a title for each photo , to know where it is , instead of just `` europe '' . 
  fyi , when americans ( or other non-europeans ) say they 've `` seen europe '' or something , it 's often viewed as clich\u00e9 , and subject to derision , because to us europeans , saying someone has `` seen europe '' or something makes little sense considering how different the countries can be from eachother . 
  pretty cool anyway . 
  yeah , i know how it works . 
  but for example , if i look at the north-eastern peninsula of australia i think `` wow , that tip alone is bigger than france '' , but actually it 's very distorted . 
  but yeah , on a non distorted map , australia would cover the same area relative to europe /, 
  though the same way scandinavia is distorted to look bigger in this projection , so is the northern half of australia . 
  australia is certainly big , but it looks even bigger with this projection . 
  i 'd like to see australia over europe on a 3d globe map . 
  not to mention that in 1918 marshal foch ( of france ) was made supreme commander of all allied armies , which if the rest is n't enough , is a good testament of france 's role . 
  perhaps the game will at least acknowledge that despite not making france playable ... 
  i 'm wondering if for the uk they 're adding up `` england '' and `` britain '' and whatnot with the `` uk '' count . 
  because otherwise that article is surely too centered on modern times as there 's no way the `` united kingdom '' should be mentioned that much . 
  ^ ( cause before that britain was of little importance and thus does not merit more mentions than us !, 
  we were too busy [ pretty much single handedly fighting everyone else ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_the_spanish_succession ) who was n't in the great northern war . 
  maybe you should whip yourself . 
   unoriginal ? 
  it 's revolutionary . 
  i realize it inspired the other tricolours , but today it * looks * unoriginal for the layman considering so many have a similar design . 
   and i think it 's interesting that french and americans are the only two groups reliably responding this way . . 
  i kind of disagree . 
  displaying the french flag is still not very well viewed in france , unless for special events like a sporting event , or a political rally , and even for the latter the left in particular still tends to be nervous about flying french flags . 
  i 'm actually also an american citizen , and obviously we all know that in the us it 's much more common to display and love the flag . 
  i 'd say that i 'm different from average frenchmen as , to be honest , i 'm pretty much a nationalist . 
  no other french redditors have answered in this thread as of yet , so it 's likely that others have a different view from my `` extreme '' one . 
  i know the french flag is simple and unoriginal ( since at the time when most countries were choosing flags , the tricolor was all the rage ) , but i do feel patriotic when i see the french flag waving in the wind . 
  it has bright colors and a clean design that evoke purity and righteousness . 
  the flag also carries a heavy historical weight , and i feel it 's iconic . 
  i like it . 
  we do n't try to be cool with our flag . 
  we do n't need to pretend we are . 
  i do n't think it 's that common in france . 
  perhaps the bidet has fallen in disuse in the last 50 years . 
  but the only time i ever saw a bidet outside of a house interior store was in the house of an english guy who had it installed for himself . 
  when there 's a gap or opening you have to go through it no matter what it takes . 
  basic napoleonic strategy . 
  really ? 
  in what context would one need a derogatory term for `` family '' ?
