  it depends on the election in france . 
  the french people regard their president as a king , so they 're very interested in the presidential election , and thus turnout for the presidential elections is the highest , around 80 % . 
  then it goes down from there . 
  municipal and legislative elections get some 60 % turnout . 
  european elections typically have the lowest turnout . 
  around 40 % this year . 
  very true . 
  there has been much political debate in france about simply recognizing the blank vote as a legitimate electoral decision . 
  the problem is that in case of a presidential election , in our system the elected president is the one who in the second turn ( a 1vs1 turn ) gets over 50 % of the vote . 
  if blanks were counted , no one would get over 50 % , and our politicians fear that it would undermine their legitimacy . . 
  sure , but then again , what should be done about that ? 
  should all countries in the eu have equal representation ? 
  despite the huge differences in population ? 
  that itself would be unfair too . 
  not to mention , i believe some smaller countries get more representation than they should if we take the population into account . 
  but maybe european countries should unite , instead of the current trend for sovereignty and independence ... then you might have the illusion of counting for something . 
  but regardless , technically it 's the same for all . 
  do you think my single vote in the french election counts ? 
  my vote , for the 65 million frenchmen , is just as useless as a swede 's or a slovakian 's . 
  sure , my country may get more meps considering the population difference , but my individual vote is also drowned in the votes of all the other frenchmen . 
  ha , yeah , i just tried to write my comment very nicely . 
  like a `` bro-tip '' in english grammar . 
  yeah , surely it 's about us being closer to britain . 
  and as europeans , we do rather associate the english language to the british . 
  otherwise , just a little tip for a very common mistake , it 's said `` a european '' , not `` an '' . 
  because the y sound in the beginning of `` european '' works like a consonant . 
  and one has to appreciate the dilemma that those leftists ca n't get mad about it less they look like hypocrites . 
  they just want to run out of there to minimize their embarrassment . 
  i 've noticed that on french websites usually , when there 's a flag symbol to change to english , it 's a uk flag . 
  ukip does n't want to ally with the fn because le pen father is still around . 
  but it does n't really matter because they 'll all surely vote in the same direction anyway . 
  the fn would answer `` for the citizen '' . 
  indeed , the declaration of human rights is called [ `` declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/declaration_of_the_rights_of_man_and_of_the_citizen ) . 
  the fn insists on the `` and the citizen '' part each time this comes up . 
  the french university americans would know off the top of their head is the sorbonne . 
  americans think it 's the french harvard or something , but it 's very easy to get in . 
  i just needed to live in paris and pass my highschool diploma , and i got in . 
  that 's cool though , because my cv says `` sorbonne '' so eventual american employers would be impressed though there really is n't anything to be that impressed about . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's a good university because it has the best teachers , but it 's no ivy league school where you have to work your ass off to pass . 
  i do n't think it 's a good uni for business and economics though . 
  maybe for international relations . 
  i 'd say ukip is probably the least `` extreme '' of all the parties you mentioned , though when it comes to the eu , ukip is among the most seriously anti-eu of the bunch . 
  but none of the parties you mentioned come even close to the extremity of the bnp , or the german npd . 
  the parties you mentioned are , i believe , all part of the `` toned down '' far right . 
  that also includes geert wilders in the netherlands , and those far right parties in the nordic countries . 
  the type which has tried to make itself more presentable in a way . 
  not the old school far right western europe knew in the 80s and 90s . 
  i believe the `` successful '' far right parties which are still as extreme are in the eastern half of europe . 
  greece notably , and hungary , and others perhaps . 
  the french '' \u00e9ducation nationale '' was partly , if not specifically , created for similar purposes . 
  not only to teach everyone the standardized french language , but also to teach everyone a common french history , with the national myths and origins , and the national , common heroes , and values , in order to make every diverse people in the land one united group of frenchmen . 
  not saying it 's a bad thing at all , just saying that your idea has precedence , and many of the world 's school systems were created for similar reasons . 
  that 's unfortunately the main problem with the idea of directly voting for the eu commission president , which many meps have suggested we should do next time ( though technically i find the idea appealing ) . 
  we tend to not know other countries ' politicians well enough , and will more likely vote for our own politicians , which will thus give a strong advantage to the candidates from the most populous eu countries , or from the most influential ones . 
  the front national ( far right ) and ump ( mainstream right ) are fairly tied at around 22 % or so . 
  i think the fn will get more votes . 
  the ps ( socialist party - mainstream left ) will come 3rd with around 17 % . 
  that 's the thing with european elections . 
  people vote like it 's a national election . 
  the socialist president is n't high in the polls , so the electorate punishes his party and votes for the right . 
  it 's the normal cycle , which is applied to every election , though the eu election has nothing to do with national politics . 
  there are probably as many slavs in kosovo than in london . 
  oh yeah , indeed . 
  but as you said , in casual conversation , the exaggerated way these lovely germans pronounce it is the normal way one would pronounce it in french . 
  the chick at the 1 minute mark even mentions that it 's rather whispered in german . 
  yeah it 's a guttural r but it 's not the same sound as in germany imo . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but it always sounded `` softer '' in german , more `` aired out '' ( it can almost be breathed in , like a gentle snore , whereas the french r is louder , like a guttural version of the spanish/italian r ) , though granted , it 's rather easy for a frenchman to pronounce the german r and vice versa . 
  yeah !, 
  charles v and his armies attacked my country from the spanish netherlands , and now they expect that i vote for politicians in brussels ? 
  the country from where the habsburgs sent their armies to murder my countrymen ? 
  never !, 
  why ? 
  it 's good publicity . 
  they 're mentioned in the guardian for god 's sake , which is n't a newspaper i 'd expected a metal band like behemoth to be mentioned in . 
  or does polish metal really need the russian market that much ? 
  edit : otherwise , it really seems it 's just a visa problem . 
  saying it has something to do with putin 's crackdown on `` controversial '' bands is just speculation . 
  she explains the french r fairly well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsere00ith0 it makes me wonder if there are any other languages which pronounce the r this way ... 
  also , i 'll add that there are many newly built countryside or suburban houses which are quite bland , and built `` en masse '' . 
  i could n't manage to find a picture , because when i search for modern countryside houses google will give me the nice looking ones , but it would be things [ like this ] ( http://rachatdecredit.net/rachat-credit/acheter-investir-immobilier-maison.jpg ) for example ( actually that 's quite typical ) . 
  but maybe even blander , quite lacking in any form of charm or personality if you ask me . 
   i think you vastly overestimate how much people care about the eu . 
  this . 
  many people in the streets are indifferent or only slightly interested . 
  many are divided and do n't care to learn more about it . 
  many do n't realize the importance of the eu , and think national elections are much more important . 
  so / r/europe will sound much more militant towards one idea or the other involving europe , as the nature of this subreddit makes it that most subscribers are interested in european politics in general , at least more so than the average european . 
  while eurosceptic parties in many countries will surely get a high score , not only are eu elections not really representative of the general public 's opinon ( few people bother to vote , eurosceptics bother to vote more ) , i do n't think any eu country is likely to have a majority which would want to leave anytime soon ( except perhaps the uk in a few years ) . 
  fair point . 
  if we consider this remotely possible , how would the eu be even remotely helpful ? 
  of all things , they 'd more likely criticize french authorities for using force against rioters . 
  and no one spoke about leaving the eu here , not sarkozy , not me , so it 's all irrelevant to this conversation . 
   negating cultural differences because of a shared language is like saying french speaking belgium is the same as france . 
  i 'd say there 's a much larger difference between ireland and the uk , than between wallonia and the rest of france . 
  i may annoy some belgians but here goes : first off , the walloon language is a dialect of french , and some regional dialects between france and belgium historically overlap in both countries . 
  second , considering the diversity of france , it certainly would n't be shocking on a purely linguistic , religious and ethnic perspective if wallonia was part of france . 
  apart from different histories , a french wallonia would n't be much more different from the other french regions than the regions in france are already different from eachother ( even if we only take the `` langue d'oil '' northern half of france into account ) , if you see what i mean . 
  yeah and people have been saying that france 's economic collapse is imminent since 2008 . 
  i 'm not saying it 's all well and dandy , just exaggerated . 
  he 's not at all irrelevant .
