  can not watch video , sorry . 
  ( is it a bulgarian song btw ? 
  or what ? ), 
  i do n't even know why there 's a debate over this . 
  we 're europe . 
  we 're ultimately a tiny continent , we do n't have plentiful resources . 
  the only reason we 're still on top is thanks to our legacy which has n't dried up yet , including having an educated population . 
  the only way we 'll remain on top is if we use the money we still have to educate our youth , and fund scientific discovery and advancements . 
  they may be scraping the bottom of the barrel , it 's still less chaotic than american black friday . 
  haha , hmm , well i guess it kind of looks like the finding dory fish , but it 's kind of a stretch :p . 
  which country looks like a fish ? 
  leave your comment because i thought your confusion was quite funny . 
  you think belarus is wondering why belgium exists `` in the first place '' . 
  the actual question is why belgium is in first place [ in fifa rankings since late 2015 ] ( http://www.espnfc.com/european-championship-qualifying/story/2661858/fifa-world-ranking-belgium-take-number-1-from-argentina ) . 
   why hexagon just fucking look at us on a map !, 
  :p good question though . 
  did n't know the `` hexagone '' was known in other countries . 
  in france it 's a common nickname for our country . 
  as if the average person can tell the difference between any of the slavic languages in the first place . 
  why ? 
  you 're not the ones who invaded them half a dozen times and took their stuff , 
  is this actually a reference to the subreddit that can not be named ? 
  debt forgiveness of third world countries is quite a common occurrence by many richer nations . 
  happens all the time . 
  not to undermine russia 's generosity . 
  it 's just not unique to russia . 
  i know , i was simply making a joke around the stereotype that italy always switches sides during wars . 
  but i do know the trope commonly comes from ww1 history . 
   why italy changed sides ? 
  which time ? 
  in google france its `` why is the usa ... considered a great power in 1945 '' . 
  though the answer is quite obvious for anyone who knows a little history , i find it 's a particularly intelligent and detailed question . 
  yay france . 
  yeah , as a frenchman i 'm actually offended by this question :p . kids having no clue why the country is often mentioned in daily life because they think it 's worthless . 
  a variant of the question is `` why is france well known ? '' . 
  for our contributions to the world motherfucker !, 
  that 's because france rules the rails !, 
  i mean his grandfather was jewish , he was brought up catholic as he has more catholic family than anything else . 
  so he 's not like some jew identifying as something else . 
  he 's a catholic with a fair dose of jewish ancestry . 
  so considering this , it would be difficult to consider him antisemitic , at least to the degree the nazis were ( though i know , there were some prominent nazis with some jewish background that they shunned ... ) . 
  but considering the fn does n't roll on antisemitic discourse like the nazis did , i do n't think the comparison with nazis , or the scare of genocide , is appropriate imo . 
  because in a country like france , everyone who lives in a city knows a muslim guy at school , at work , or in his neighbourhood , or at best has at least one as a friend . 
  so they then ca n't differentiate a general problem with a large community , with getting along with one on the personal level . 
  i live in paris so i know a fuckton of muslims , and they 're mostly fine individually . 
  even those who are actually `` conservative '' in their faith can seem like cool people if they do n't express their ideologies . 
  but despite this , i 'm no muslim apologist , to put it lightly ... far from it . 
  the best way for her to court jews would be to mention that her boyfriend and high-up in the party , [ louis aliot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/louis_aliot ) , has jewish background ( though he identifies as catholic ) . 
  or that one of the few fn senator and mayor , and a party favourite , david rachline , is an atheist jew . 
  problem is that the fn may lose the vote of antisemites . 
  so who 's more numerous ? 
  the antisemites who vote fn , or the jews and others who 'd be willing to vote fn if the party showed it was n't antisemitic ? 
  difficult question . 
  that actually could have been funny if you had used a map of the eu , instead of just the commonly described borders of europe . 
  the latter does n't make any sense as a joke , whereas the former would have been a reference to current arguments regarding germany 's power in the eu . 
  well , france and the uk have fought on the same side in wars ever since the crimean war in the 1850s , and have n't really fought against eachother since 1815 ( little fights with vichy do n't count ) , but there 's still banter and that 's because we 're neighbors with shared history . 
  that 's all anyone needs . 
  i 'd say that westerners who are into conspiracy theories , are into them for similar reasons of community dynamics and lack of education . 
  as for educated westerners ... to be honest , i do n't know many educated people who are into conspiracy theories . 
  i mean obviously everyone has a healthy dose of conspiracy theories , but there 's a limit , and then it borders insanity . 
  like believing that some politicians do the bidding of lobbies who pay them in covert bank accounts = healthy conspiracy theory , in the realm of possible , is known to have happened . 
  believing man never walked on the moon = insane conspiracy theory . 
  i 've noticed some minorities with african origins tend to be extremely into conspiracy theories , especially those about the west essentially being subversively evil for some reason ... 
  it 's surely due to lack of education , coupled with separate community dynamics ( `` us vs. them '' . . etc ) . 
  i was sad to realize how widespread among the north africans i know here was the belief that the terrorists in the last 2 attacks in paris last year were actually agents of the government , which is of course ludicrous . 
  to me , and i told them , their conspiracy theories come from the same general mentality the terrorists have/had . 
  a complete distrust , if not hate , for the west and its institutions and whatnot . 
  they just express it differently , towards different people . 
  what 's crazy is that these people i know with these beliefs are n't necessarily idiot ghetto thugs . 
  they 're seemingly normal people with the same jobs as me and whatnot , who in other regards are perfectly pleasant people . 
  i thought this video was pretty funny but i 'm sure it 's better when you speak the language ( and thus understand the intonations ) , and if watched in the context of a longer and long-running satirical show ( as those often have recurring themes/styles which are funnier when you 're used to it ) . 
  everyone here jokes around about this , thinking they 're so sarcastic and all , but seriously that attitude ruined what used to be a nice song contest . 
  now there are not only voting groups ( nordic countries . . etc ) , but many sing in english , and try to be the most ridiculous . 
  it reminds me of some class project that could be interesting , but the wannabe `` cool kids '' just make a joke out of it and thus ruin it for the rest . 
  you look at the winners back in the day . 
  they 're nice songs . 
  some have become classics of their decade . 
  who 'll remember the recent winners in the future ? 
  in france we had the french revolution , which some foreigners may not realize led to a years long civil war between the newly formed french republic , and the royalists now turned rebels . 
  generally called [ war in the vend\u00e9e ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_in_the_vend%c3%a9e ) in and around the north-western peninsula of france ( 1793-1796 , but there were later royalist insurrections here and there , even after napoleon took power ) . 
  it was brutal as fuck . 
  at one point the republican armies which led punitive raids in the area were called the `` infernal columns '' for the destruction they brought on the people there . 
  some people today consider this war was a `` genocide '' considering some villages were targeted for eradication and the republicans eventually had racist attitudes against the people in that region ( that they 're backwards , savage ... ) . 
  we `` got over '' the revolution and civil war by being in constant war against our neighbours for the next 20 years , as revolutionary france and then under an authoritarian albeit brilliant leader ( napoleon ) , until france was fighting everywhere for so long that it was eventually beaten down into submission , and the continent was in relative peace for the next 50 years . 
   if in france the revolution is well regarded , and napoleon somewhat respected , we also criticize the excesses of that time period , including the war in vend\u00e9e which everyone agrees was criminal in its brutality . 
  in the vend\u00e9e area , the memory of the civil war is a big part of their culture , similar ( though smaller in scale ) to the american south attitudes to their history and the civil war . 
  but thus when countries after the arab spring gave way to authoritarian figures , or fighting and whatnot , i have a hard time disregarding/condemning the people/culture responsible , considering the same happened here , and it took over 20 years for things to calm down again . 
  though i agree that the uk leaving the eu may cause a chain of events resulting in other countries leaving and the eu 's ultimate demise , another part of me thinks this may be a blessing in disguise for the european project . 
  it would be a pity because i love the uk , and without the uk i do n't think the eu economy would be number one anymore . 
  but the uk has always been quite reluctant to the eu , and considering it 's the 2nd or 3rd economy and population in the eu , and a cultural powerhouse , its power and influence in eu politics is enormous . 
  but it 's a eurosceptic power within the eu . 
  perhaps the eu can never continue its members ' integration as long as the uk is `` in the way '' of sorts , demanding special treatment/independence , or just blocking the integration process for everyone else . 
  and it 's understandable . 
  the uk has its commonwealth . 
  the eu comes second to many brits . 
  perhaps the best for the eu is an amicable divorce with britain , thus us continentals ( and the irish , for now ? ), 
  can go on and continue to further the eu 's goals . 
  i agree with most of what you said , i was just sidetracked . 
  but initially , i was simply reacting to someone saying `` fuck you '' to germany and the us just because they do n't want to go through the hassle of actually building a base in poland . 
  there 's an effort to be made on poland 's part as well , before other countries go to that much trouble and give such crucial guarantees .
