  yes , i 'm all for it . 
  just trying to figure out what / u/new-atlantis is trying to convey . 
  by that do you mean the richer countries always give money to the poorer ones ? 
  hmm , kind of touchy there . 
  but then again , creating a shitstorm over this is great free publicity for parmesan , because the medias will obviously love it . 
  however , about tarnishing the good name of parmesan cheese , it would be better to not create a scandal out of this and just letting it go . 
  watch cocteau 's `` beauty and the beast '' , and franju 's `` eyes without a face '' . 
  both beautifully eerie films , when it comes to old classics . 
  it 's some kind of stew . 
  everyone has a stew . 
  it 's the sort of dish that naturally develops everywhere with a pastoral tradition because it 's practical , especially back in the day . 
  now we maintain the traditions because stews are delicious and leave room for improvement and experimentation and whatnot . 
  right , thanks . 
  my guess is russia still . 
  the us will have strongly unfavorable views in some arab and muslim countries , and in some latin american countries . 
  in the rest of the world however , i think they enjoy at least modest approval . 
  for example , you may see that russia has some favorability in africa , and vietnam , but the us also has favorable views ( yes even in vietnam ) in those same countries . 
  so it 's not one or the other . 
  we 've got the chanson de geste , mostly written in the middle of the middle ages , about previous legendary figures and heroic deeds . 
  the famous one being the song of roland . 
  chr\u00e9tien de troyes ( 1100s ) had a significant role in developing the arthurian legend ( which is n't an exclusively british thing , as some may think ) . 
  with the chanson de geste , these french medieval authors created what we think of when we hear about chivalry and knights . 
  charles perrault tales from the 1600s ( sleeping beauty , little red riding hood , ~ ~ black ~ ~ blue beard , cinderella ... ) , many of which were re-adapted in the brothers grimm tales later . 
  but truth is , many regions throughout europe shared the same traditional fairy tales , with slight differences . 
  otherwise , there 's gargantua , the giant , written about by rabelais in the 1500s . 
  like everywhere else in europe , france had its little beliefs of the invisible people , and little people and whatnot . 
   sensibilisation i do n't think that 's a word in english . 
  in english we 'd speak of `` public awareness '' . 
  just some fyi for ya . 
  well , from what i 've heard france has a reputation of having a pretty countryside , punctuated with vineyards and castles which make it even prettier . 
  i realize though that it 's pretty much the case all over europe . 
  we 've just had better marketing . 
   france is more `` good chefs '' , italy `` good dishes '' i completely disagree . 
  we do n't have iconic dishes like italy . 
  but it 's our dishes which make our cuisine good , not just that our cooks are better . 
  you can have the best chef in the world , fish and chips will still be bland :p, 
  i was kidding obviously . 
  plus , my grandmother was walloon . 
  i 'd even annex you . 
  that 's how much i like you . 
  if you ever meet american girls you should run with it though . 
  being belgian is just the opposite of sexy . 
  the only reason i can place the three baltic countries correctly on a map is i think `` polish-lithuanian commonwealth '' , so lithuania is the one closer to poland . 
  and i know estonian is related to finnish , so estonia is the one closest to finland . 
  thus latvia is the last one in the middle . 
  and the good stereotypes that we may share with italy , like romantic , good food , pretty country , are true !, 
  none . 
  that 's what it is to be relevant/famous :d, 
  paris seriously needs some radical changes to make it more bicycle friendly . 
  i would support anything in that direction . 
  i wish we were more like amsterdam and copenhagen in that regard . 
  i 'd make much of the city center motor-free , except for a few major roads , and many , many more bicycle paths which would be more than just a thin lane on a dangerously busy street . 
  i 'm thinking of buying a bike to get to my new job , but i 'm wondering how easy the access will be . 
  perhaps i 'll try it out with a rental first and see how that goes . 
  you 've never heard of the beneluxden ? 
  it 's like the spafraport . 
  i did n't mean thankfulness on an individual level , i meant in recent politics , in our foreign relations with the us , hence why i added in parenthesis `` see my previous argument about being independent in foreign policy '' . 
  basically , what i was notably referring to is in 2004 when france refused the american invasion of iraq , there was huge anti-french sentiment in the us . 
  for example , the new york post 's cover showed american graves in normandy and it was titled something along the lines of `` we died for france and france has forgotten '' . 
  just cause we were ( rightfully imo ) against the us ' illegal war . 
  so yeah , on an individual level , we 're thankful for the liberation . 
  but as foreign policy , we ca n't always be on the us ' side just because 70 years ago the us liberated us . 
  the british never ask for that treatment . 
  it 's really an american thing . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  of all things , countries like greece are better placed in between large trading routes . 
  granted , northern european economies are doing better nowadays , but i do n't think it 's the geographic position that makes it so , but rather about having a small population , with high education and skills . 
  some ? 
  who 's the other one then ? 
  i 'm not sure the blame has to go to that one and only recent french mod out of all 16 of them . . 
  but i guess the circlejerk must continue . 
  pretty funny , but i do n't really understand what they 're trying to convey . 
  if they 're trying to be sarcastic , i 'd have chosen another state . 
  massachusetts feels fairly attractive to me , like anything in new england . 
  boston is a major city too , and a cultural hub . 
  north dakota maybe ? 
  nice . 
  would travel to in order to look at stuff 'n shit . 
  haha , yeah , that was quite pretentious , but i kind of want to go now , although i had never even considered it before . 
  but if the government flees to another country instead of facing the enemy , leaving the people to be killed , is n't that even more cowardly ? 
  p\u00e9tain was seen by some as brave at the time , as `` giving himself '' to save the people . 
  i do n't know what you 're arguing against , or even what you 're saying now , because it makes no sense . 
  ( vichy leaders in paths of glory ? 
  that 's a ww1 film ... 
  i know p\u00e9tain was in both wars , but paths of glory still has nothing to do with it ) . 
  nor do i get why you 're telling me to `` chill '' , when i 'm not annoyed . 
  i basically said vichy is seen negatively now . 
  but was n't necessarily seen that badly back then . 
  that was to denote the changing `` view '' of things , to more fully answer op 's question . 
  by `` to a lesser degree '' i meant the perception as heroes . 
  i did n't mean they were lesser . 
  i meant the perception is lesser . 
  mostly in france we focus on americans , `` unfortunately '' . 
  read that whole sentence again with that in mind . 
  i feel my comment came out as slightly strong and i need to explain a little , in case it sounds insulting . 
  most french people view americans as our liberators in ww2 . 
  americans are seen as the ultimate good guys for that event . 
  they 're perceived as heroes ( also the british , canadians , and all the allies ... unfortunately to a lesser degree ) . 
  however , ultimately ww2 was one of many wars and we do n't focus as much on it as you or others do . 
  ww1 probably has as much importance , if not more , for us .
