  edit : chances are the guy was so forgotten by people , he needed to find a way for the media to talk about him . 
  free . 
  that 's the name of the provider . 
  i 'm not even kidding . 
  seeing the prices other people pay , i must say we have it good here . 
  so cheap . 
   they want a quick , cheap , easy wedding , preferably of a non religous nature . 
  in france , all you need to get legally married is a small secular `` ceremony '' with the mayor ( or his assistant ) . 
  the mayor or assistant simply goes on for a couple of minutes about how you should make babies , and then you sign the legal documents , as do your witnesses . 
  and it 's done . 
  but i 'm pretty sure you need to live in that town/country . 
  so what 's the deal ? 
  are your friends just going to move to the country where marriage is easy , just to get married ? 
  or did i miss something ? 
  maybe you 're speaking of unofficial marriage ceremonies ? 
  paris , france speed : 1gbps cost : 15 euros a month with that , i also get 2 hours monthly on my mobile phone , and unlimited sms , and some 50 channels on my tv . 
  for the internet , it 's pretty reliable . 
  i rarely have to reboot it ( maybe once every 6 months ) . 
  at my university , it 's very slow and annoying . 
  i do n't know about the rest of the eu , but i read that france is currently reforesting and has been for years , meaning that every year the coverage of forest in the country is increasing . 
  i know what it is . 
  it still sounds stupid . 
  ok , thanks , my translation does the job i believe . 
  though perhaps this would be better : * l'entr\u00e9e du mus\u00e9e se situe au milieu de l'\u00e9difice . 
  but in french just like in english , the `` middle '' ( `` le milieu '' ) is n't that different from the center . 
  that 's fairly good but still sounds somewhat bizarre . 
  i 'll repost my suggestion , which i believe is the more formal way to express these things : * pour visiter l\u2019\u00e9glise veuillez d'abord passer par le mus\u00e9e . 
  ( but in english that sentence is kind of unspecific . . `` the middle '' does n't mean anything . 
  more context is required . 
  i assumed it meant the center of the building complex ) * le mus\u00e9e ouvre \u00e0 10h/11h . 
  ( but in english that sentence is kind of unspecific . . `` the middle '' does n't mean anything . 
  more context is required . 
  i assumed it meant the center of the building complex ) * le mus\u00e9e ouvre \u00e0 10h/11h . 
  at least there 's good food :d, 
  article conveniently does n't mention france , which is what ? 
  in the middle ? 
  it would be also cheaper to rent in bamako and commute to london . 
  but your only sleep time would be in the airplane . 
  the article explains it , if you 'd read it , that the eurostar is owned by a majority by the french company sncf , which is a public company . 
  that 's the catch . 
  more like rich old men ( and maybe their gold digging bitches ) . 
  i would n't mind living in any developed and relatively free country in the world , if i were given some sort of better job opportunity . 
  you 're totally off the mark . 
  serbs were defeated by an international coalition , and as so accepted the demise of yugoslavia . 
  they then accepted montenegro 's separation . 
  kosovo , however , was a separation imposed by the outside , to crush it more , to crush an ally of russia , although it had n't done anything to deserve it considering it had already paid the fact they were on the loosing side of a war . 
  but western nations were n't done with it . 
  since you do n't have a flair i do n't know which country you 're from , but i could make you understand by inventing a comparison with your country . 
  you 're kind of a perfect example to prove my point . 
  you do n't see how that was shocking , because you ate everything you were told . 
  serbs were vilified to the point that nations could basically rape serbia of its sovereign rights , and people like you , who are complicit with your ignorance , did n't see how that was wrong . 
  i 'm anti-immigration , and anti-islam ( i 'm also anti-christian but that 's not the subject ) but i do sometimes eat kebab . 
  i also love couscous and lebanese food and whatnot there is absolutely no contradiction here . 
  wishing to stop mass immigration , or something of the sort , does n't stop me from appreciating other cultures and their cuisine . 
  it would be like if the world forced germany to abandon say , bavaria , today . 
  serbia was already bombed to shit for the war , and yugoslavia disbanded . 
  kosovo was a second punishment , a decade later . 
  the story is n't so black and white . 
  of course the serbs did ethnic cleansing . 
  i 'm not disregarding that , because that was n't the point . 
  in more recent years , the deal with kosovo for example , is emblematic of how the entire world continues to bully serbia . 
  never would that sort of thing ever happen to other countries without major outrage , where practically the entire world bands together to cut up a sovereign nation . 
  the fact there was outrage when the same thing was done with georgia by russia just a couple years later was very telling . 
  the serbs are being stepped over for crimes they already paid for . 
  there 's ethnic cleansing today for the remaining serbs in kosovo . 
  and no one gives a shit . 
  this is about serbia . 
  not the entire world . 
  why would i even have to mention other countries ? 
  it 's totally off topic . 
  people are just looking for reasons to be annoyed . 
  i do think middle eastern countries were fucked over . 
  what does that have to do with what i said ? 
  ( fucking dipshit trying to look for a fight he ca n't win ) . 
  i was born in france to one french father and an american mother , so i inherited their citizenships . 
  i did n't know that about germany . 
  interesting . 
  i have a dual us-france citizenship . 
  i think most eu countries allow dual citizenship . 
  i hate that they call it freedom cheese . 
  it sounds like a mix of plain stupid and ridiculous orwellian-like propaganda of butthurt us congressmen :p, 
  i just like serbs for some reason . 
  a proud people who got fucked over recently and are designated as bad guys by everyone . 
  i kind of feel bad for them . 
  i 'm norway as well . 
  i have some norwegian origins so that 's cool . 
  i 've long fantasized about gradually depopulating the [ loz\u00e8re departement ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e1/loz%c3%a8re-position.svg ) in france , which is by far the least populated departement in the country with only 77,000 people , to make it a relatively large wildlife preserve . 
  i read that its soil is bad for farming , so that 's also a plus . 
  it 's a pretty nice place , and is just missing wolves and bears roaming freely and undisturbed : see [ here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/04/c%c3%a9vennes_-_loz%c3%a8re.jpg ) and [ here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ad/la_faltre_-_lozere_paul_munhoven.jpg ) . 
  obviously , moving 77,000 people out would be kind of a challenge :p , and it would be a shame considering the beautiful old villages and towns there would die off . 
  but how cool would that be ? 
  yeppers , i know about niger providing a good chunk of france 's uranium , which is why i added that the french do have interests in the region . 
  but ultimately , no one wants it to be unstable , hence why the us came to their senses in not making france pay for the logistical support to a war they wanted france to win :p, 
  i highly doubt the motorists just `` passing through '' represent a huge percentage of the motorists in paris . 
  many are indeed people from the suburbs who have little choice , because they 're not rich enough to live in paris , and the public transport system is n't good enough for them from their suburb . 
  the french public mainly supported the intervention , and probably understand there 's still cleaning up to do . 
  as long as the war seems `` just '' , that few french soldiers die , that it does n't seem like too much of an expensive large scale operation , there 's little for the french public to complain about . 
  even the entire spectrum of political parties were almost unanimously for the intervention . 
  but the day dozens of french soldiers die all together in a single ambush , outrage will suddenly hit the streets . 
  though this could be a fun joke , mali has practically no minerals of any sort .
