i 've met a lot of non-natives who get depressed about this . 
  i work in china and have co-workers who have studied english for years , and can discuss just about any topic , but as soon as there are two native speakers talking amongst themselves , they ca n't follow the majority of the conversation . 
  the exposure to this has really put me off learning chinese - i see how hard these people have worked to learn english , but in the end they only know an almost artificial form of the language , like an esperanto that we can both speak , but neither of us use when we have the choice not to . 
  when i imagine all of the short forms , slang , cultural references they need to learn as well as the mumbling and pacing , it seems insurmountable - and chinese probably even more so for me . 
  i think i get it , but the guy is saying in the article that this is n't so bad for every day people ( talking about buying a mercedes , not buying necessities ) , but it 's the banking giants , the 1 % etc that are going to really get shaken up . 
  but if we ca n't afford to import these things at such low prices anymore , surely it 's the people who were already barely getting by who are going to feel the pain when the price of goods goes up . 
  i think the general consensus definitely is that ` we ' got it wrong . 
  49 % of us thought so at the time , too . 
  the problem is we commoners ca n't do much to change it . 
  we did n't vote for our pm who is hinting at a hard brexit , and we wo n't be able to shuffle the political deck until 2020 anyway - at which point the same majority that voted for brexit could just keep things the way they are now , anyway . 
  brexit is like death - we ca n't avoid it , so we just have to get on with our lives and be as positive as we can . 
  when he says borrowed from the future , he means that we would have to have a recession or other consequence for our currency being over-valued in recent times ? 
  it 's great for much more , is n't it ? 
  we import goods from china et al , food from the eu , any car - since they 're virtually all imported , electronics , clothes , basically everything . 
  wo n't all of these things need to go up in price to account for the currency de-valuation ? 
  if our wages stay the same and goods become 15-25 % more expensive , it 's going to be a lot more painful than just buying a mercedes or going on holiday . 
  it depends what rights someone would have by choosing their own nationality . 
  if people from poor countries could declare themselves european and then move there , it would probably cause some decent socio-economic issues . 
  if you say they should live there at least , you go back to having to draw lines in the sand . 
  in a perfect world , all human labour would be worth the same , and someone would n't get paid 10x + as much for working in a supermarket in sweden vs in cambodia , but that 's the world we live in . 
  but i think a future where we could try to entertain this is a very long way off . 
  that 's kinda what i 'm saying . 
  it 's so hard to say where a nationality begins . 
  what is a significant amount of time , and what level of fluency is knowing the language ? 
  it 's all very arbitrary . 
  and unfortunately , the reality is that even if you choose to identify as such , others may not agree with you . 
  what if someone is born in greece , but goes to international schools , lives in a gated community and only speaks english ? 
  are they greek ? 
  what about a kid who moves there at 1 year old , learns the language and the culture ? 
  at 5 years old ? 
  it 's so hard to know where to draw the line in the sand . 
  seems like you 'll just have to be the bidder man here and accept they missed the joke . 
  imagine you have some money and you want to invest in a company . 
  first , all of the businessmen speak english - no issue there . 
  the laws are the same in both countries ( eu regulations ) . 
  one country has a potential for its currency ( pounds ) to suddenly lose value ( it already did once , and will again ) , and for its economy to suddenly crash when they talk about leaving the eu . 
  it 's possible the economy will lose 10 , 20 , 30 % value over the next few years . 
  also the laws for the business might change , and could affect your business once they leave the eu . 
  the other economy is completely fine and has a worst case scenario of losing 5 % and its currency is very stable . 
  the future is predictable and there 's no fear of change . 
  any investor who 's not totally stupid will invest in the second one . 
  the only people who should invest in the uk now are those who are planning to make money by buying and selling currency and stock based on its prices crashing and buying low , then selling again when it bounces part way back up . 
  the idea of a stock slowly gaining value in the uk for the next 5-10 years is pretty untenable . 
  nope !, 
  still stunning that they achieved so much for such a small country . 
  after the brexit vote my whole family and i were all rooting for iceland to beat england . 
  i imagine it 's more to do with america 's influence , unfortunately . 
  anything that lets us all communicate is a wonderful thing . 
  it 's at the point that if you 're anywhere a tourist would typically go , virtually everybody speaks english . 
  almost all of the youth in every city speak it . 
  it 's fantastic . 
  not because it 's english , but because there is a common language emerging that allows us all to communicate and learn about each other . 
  it 's kind of surreal seeing so many europeans writing here in completely fluent english as a second , third or fourth language . 
  inspiring . 
  would a person in their 20s or 30s with a degree and qualifications in finance not speak english still ? 
  sure , i have . 
  of course , some countries have lower abilities to speak english than others , especially rural populations . 
  do people who work in finances in spain like investment bankers not speak english ? 
  hell , you 're a chemist and you speak flawless english . 
  i 'm sure there are many people in every department of every major business with fluent english , everywhere in europe . 
  something that would n't have been true 75 years ago . 
  which countries do n't speak english ? 
  european citizens ' english levels have increased so dramatically post-ww2 that i 'm not sure there is a need to consider this as a factor anymore . 
  i think some votes were clearly more informed than others . 
  people surprised that cameron left and that the pound would crash with the uncertainty , 350 million being fake , not all going to the nhs etc. 
  i agree we do n't have much insight into the motivations of the rich and powerful , but that does n't mean you should be persuaded and influenced by the newspapers that they own and control . 
  because england is the biggest/most successful , so it seems arrogant to credit themselves . 
  the same things happen with the different races in america . 
  i 've never had cause to see people from these places speaking before - as they wo n't have of where i 'm from . 
  i just ca n't associate or relate to them at all . 
  it 's like they 're from a different country . 
  the vote should have been point-based - have a 20 question test before you vote , however many you get right is however many votes you get . 
  simple multiple-choice questions like - what is the net amount the uk pays to the eu ? 
  what percentage of the immigrants who enter from the eu are muslim ? 
  what percentage of immigration into the uk is from the eu ? 
  which of these countries is not in the eu ? 
  that way someone who thinks ` we give 350 million , that the eu is 99 % of our immigration and that 50 % of them are muslims from syria ' does n't get much impact from their vote - because their vote is directed at fabrications . 
  democracy is one thing , but uninformed voting based on newspaper headlines , from papers owned by people with motivations and interests has proven itself to be very dangerous . 
  yep . 
  and now 48 % of our country is desperately praying for just that . 
  to be embarrassed and out-played , but still part of europe . 
  given how the campaigns to appease the public are n't strong on facts anyway , i can see them presenting it as a way of having sovereignty while getting the good parts of the eu , and the leave voters being smug at having got ` the deal they deserved ' from europe , which we probably did - to be held at arms length where we ca n't do any more damage . 
  i do n't want to make you feel bad , but even after seeing the city name , i had to hover over your flag to see which country it was . 
  thanks for speaking for us . 
  i also appreciate how he generalised our whole population based on a few people i 've never heard of . 
  works every time . 
  yes , almost half of the country wants to leave - but look at the demographics . 
  it 's not half of the future of the country , it 's the half that is older , soon to retire and perish . 
  it 's wrong to assume that because almost half of the country want something that it represents that country . 
  is austria fascist now because they almost elected the far-right party ? 
  he talks as if all brits want out of the eu and we 're just scared of economic consequences . 
  i want to stay in because i love europe and i think we have a good future together , as close allies with more in common than we have with the usa , despite the language barriers . 
  i was wondering if there was some auto-qualification process or something , since it 's so improbable that such a small population could qualify . 
  i looked it up after posting and indeed , it 's an amazing feat . 
  it 's like cardiff qualifying as an independent state , where wales barely manages to qualify with their whole country to select from . 
  must be a lot of television pieces about it , and some very full bars on match nights !, 
  do iceland qualify as usual ? 
  and are their players really icelandic , or do they have some flexibility and foreign-grown nationals on their team ? 
  because based on their population it 's absolutely stunning that they can find enough good players to be capable of qualifying . 
  a gram * .
