  i wish they 'd tell you who it was so we 'd get an idea why it was done . 
  man them pictures it 's like literally nod form cnc http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/cnc/images/3/3b/seth.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20070305145042, 
  feels good literally no change here . 
  i do n't know i know a lot of people who actually like her . 
  guess it 's who you hang out with . 
  i guess i hang out more with lefties . 
  the problem here is that if they fall it impacts everyone in the eurozone . 
  so their problem became our problem . 
  i 'm saying our because let 's face it we 're going to use the euro beyond 2025 for sure . 
  we use the euro anyways for anything above 10.000 kunas or 1331 $ . 
  cars , apartments , houses , anything of a big value is listed in euro first . 
  well you moved to sweden what are you going to act like an bosnian for the next 20 generations or 500 years ? 
  i do n't get your point . 
  you moved because you wanted it . 
  your home countries culture and economics obviously lead to problems . 
  sweden 's culture and economy did not . 
  you 're free to move back after a while but if you have kids in sweden better raise them as swedes not whatever you are . 
  because they are born and raised in sweden . 
  they have no connections with the home country you came from except their parents nostalgic rambling . 
  i have seen it way to often croats who moved out because reasons in the last century and they 're like `` yeah croatia is awesome '' they are arguably more patriotic then any croat born croat ... well if it 's so awesome why do n't you come and live here and i 'll love to move your advanced country . 
  then they say but i have friends here and so on ... yes you do you assimilated and with each generation your croat identity will disappear . 
  croatia is nothing but a fantasy your nostalgic parents have . 
  it 's a good country but compared to sweden it 's a joke for example , naturally it 's better then zambia or whatever . 
  also very unsurprisingly we got tons of support from all these 2nd and 3rd generation croats during the war , but did anyone of them move here ? 
  very few . 
  and the ones that did were disappointed and i can tell you this from a first hand experience . 
  so maybe i 'm biased ? 
  but at least the statistics are n't . 
  you 'll see this very often in diaspora situations were they idolize their origin country as if it were paradise . 
  yet very few opt to move back there to actually work . 
  at most they build retirement houses and such they rarely use . 
  not saying they need to do it . 
  i 'm just saying the euro alongside with you wanting your dept back is one of the main reasons they 're in this crisis right now . 
  america did not have these shackles when it went into the great crisis . 
  with immigrants the problem is always assimilation . 
  i think the bigest problem sweden has is that it values it 's own culture somehow less then the immigrants culture . 
  what should be happening is like in the us the foreigners should take new names , their children should speak perfect swedish and broken whatever their parents language is . 
  they should mingle and mix with the swedes and be treated as equals . 
  this is only possible with a steady stream of immigrants . 
  menwhile sweden has a boom . 
  what you get is children that speak broken swedish , perfect wherever they come from and are going to schools that have 90 % of their own foreign nationality as students . 
  immigrants that come and come and get ghetoed together and then basically make `` small origin country '' lands inside sweden . 
  people did n't come to sweden because they said . 
  man allah and qur ` an are a joke let 's adopt a lax protestantism where none of us really go to church . 
  they came to sweden for the economics of it . 
  better pay , better life standards and so on ... 
  they still love their own culture and in terms of muslim they usually see their culture as superior . 
  he means the us and the eu are telling greece to pay it 's dept. 
  caring little for how these payments might impact the future of the country and it 's ability to pay at a later date . 
  the us also was n't using a currency that was used by it 's neighbors . 
  greeks ca n't just spiral into inflation like the past and boosts their industrial or commercial exports . 
  they 're at a fixed currency that does n't allow them to have a monetary policy . 
  as a guy living near baranya a hungarian province and as a guy whos grandparents are fat and lived in hungary for a part of their life because baranya was switching sides . 
  i can tell you hungary has quite the eating culture with all the food http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_cuisine, 
  could have sworn it was a bag of money, 
  this is gon na sound weird but we pretty much continued to do that . 
  where is most of the worlds rare earth minerals coming from ? 
  china . 
  where is most of the worlds manufacturing coming from ? 
  china . 
  where is the most lithium , diamonds and such coming from ? 
  mines in africa it 's basically like america and europe colonized china in an economic way . 
  sure this is uplifing china right now like crazy . 
  but we 're still using incredibly cheap resources not from europe and incredibly cheap labor not for europe do work for european and american companies . 
  while keeping the really high tech jobs here in europe / us . 
  engineers , scientists and ultra high tech manufacturing ( exp german glass in phones made in germany etc. . . ) . 
  take the middle eastern superpowers , uae , quatar , bahrain , saudi arabia . 
  all these countries while having more money then god are really underdeveloped . 
  have no significant scientific contributions and have literally no industry . 
  they were living in huts now they 're living in skyscrapers but still they 're no were near as advance as us or europe . 
  the only countries in the world that can compare to europe are japan and korea . 
  china is getting there fast no doubt . 
  but europe and us/canada are still working on very colonial mindset . 
  sure this time we do n't say this land is european property !, 
  this time we say here have some of our cool scientific know-how and money and you give us all these other things for cheap . 
  must be a really funny feeling for all the hardcore christan americans that are of irish descent . 
  i have to ask were these roofs so damn fucking high for looks or was there some logical purpose to the height, 
  i like how this magazine says we all know about these guys . 
  i had to google them ... no one knows about these guys . 
  what he said . 
  no one really gave a fuck about this 1992 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zgpnxdn8k8 it was more like yes more fighters to fight for our country !, 
  later deals with these kind of people were made and the right wing set out on a unsuccessful campaign to get rid of all serbian words , alter the past 100 year history and such ... 
   about germany getting booed at newspaers in 1939 as someone who is n't european , is n't that rather classless ? 
  i understand the politics , but given that the rest of europe seems to be about diversity and tolerance etc , that seems rather pot-kettle-black to me . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sami_people free them salamis !, 
  russia did n't like our money . 
  so we turned norway into super israel . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/may/22/eu-dropped-pesticide-laws-due-to-us-pressure-over-ttip-documents-reveal well just today . 
  well i guess but take into account that a lot of it goes to licences for patents and raw materials since they use gold and all these rare earth elements , tons of helium for cooling and so on ... 
  helium is expensive as fuck . 
  if only that was true . 
  last time i read every single us fusion idea was underfunded as fuck . 
  and i follow this shit daily . 
  actually salaries are the smallest portion of the huge 16 billion euro cost . 
  it 's raw materials and design/construction . 
  they 're not building an apartment building . 
  they 're requiring high specialized tested custom parts that cost huge ammounts of money . 
  mostly because it 's the first of it 's kind and they naturally have `` no idea '' what they 're doing so they have to literally invent as they go . 
  yeah if anything we have the problem of having not enough military and having to rely on america that asks for favors in return like the ability to spy on everyone or the ability to enforce retarded company laws and lobbies . 
  f-35 and f-22 and their combined budget of 2 trillion dollars or 2.000.000.000.000 $ worth it !,
