  the comedy sir is your world view and generalization . 
  well i did n't build a raft and go out to sea like whiny bitch . 
  and once they told me the sirens where just a test for the sirens i never did it again ... but i did feel uneasy . 
  hey i know that feeling . 
  when i was a kid we got artillery shells and bombs drooped on us in the yugoslav war/croatian war of independence . 
  now when we heard air sirens it was usually the `` get into basement '' siren for the young me ... anyways after a while my parents decided fuck that so we moved to the czech republic for a bit ... there they did the same tests . 
  i was like 5 years old and my father was a tennis trainer so he was off training some kids when it happened and i was no where near him on the tennis courts . 
  so when i heard the test siren i garbed the nearest random czech adult and told him we need to get to the basement is semi broken panicking czech . 
  they looked confused as fuck . 
  later my dad explained it to them ... 
  looking back it 's pretty hilarious . 
  i would love to see my young self panicking . 
  today they do n't effect me at all . 
  i guess some childhood `` traumas '' simply pass ... actually to be honest i find them really cool these days . 
  especially these korean and israeli ones . 
  israel especially is really surreal since people are so used to not test but actual sirens that they do n't give too many fucks . 
  https://youtu.be/hackj1p6vlm?t=2m28s https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ln57hmg9egg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drqkolp8bmu also this chicago siren god damn it it 's literally like silent hill or something ... 
  i think they 're not in sync or theres huge echo from the building walls . 
  but this is the cthulhu attacks right there . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84tspb6uewc edit : apparently it 's called an alternate wail https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnqxxujiw10, 
  wait what ? 
  do n't you want thc inside of it ? 
  is n't that the whole point of cannabis ? 
  a lot of us already do . 
  actually it sort of decreased i 'd say . 
  german was way more popular back in the day . 
  now german companies are actually having trouble finding people that speak german here . 
  if i did n't live 10 + years of my life without internet ( i watched satellite tv rtl2 , pro7 , sat1 etc. . ) i would have no interest in german right now . 
  my world was 60 % german when i came home from school the tv was on and it was german always everyday . 
  then the internet came and english became the center of my world . 
  now i basically visit german news sites because they 're different and i wan na catch up a bit so my german does n't stagnate but it has quite already since i do n't speak it often ... even with my german friends online like in mmos or fps i speak english so everyone else can understand . 
  its gon na be even more this year, 
  wow so the german economy was so strong that half of my country could move to germany and they 'd be okay . 
  the only state in the balkans were i might believe that this is n't happening would be ... none of em . 
  i love it how all these high trusting police countries have their police covering up immigrant crime . 
  wow geee i wonder why could it be because romanians earn 250 $ a month and games and movies cost 60 $ it ca n't be that can it be ? 
  i wrote about this before . 
  as soon as the western world actually starts pricing shit like they did in russia in eastern europe piracy will be sky high forever . 
  would n't a drone do the same thing 50 times cheaper ? 
  that feel when you did n't win the life lottery and were n't born in norway ; _ ;, 
  i do n't quite understand defense . 
  so can anyone explain to me why we need 16 scout helicopters ? 
  good thing i do n't have kids yet ... what am i going to tell them one day ... when they ask . . 
  a pretty nice article very levelheaded, 
  how is greeting a man named hiter hatespeech ... its not what literally means it what it stands for and right now its the terrorists catchphrase ... and if you say but tons of peaceful muslims are using this remember that tons of peaceful germans used it, 
   never heard of czech expats thats exactly right . 
  i think this is true for everyone . 
  you go to vienna and you 'll see bosnia , croat and serb flags ... we have a saying here . 
  there no bigger croat then the one living out side of croatia . 
  wait how the fuck am i going to meme my grease pay depts memes now that they 're actually paying . 
  i ordered 5 books some 1.5 weeks ago still nothing . 
  i think the resentment in the east comes also from the part that they all worked really hard after communism to get to eu standard to gain access to the eu market and the right to move and work wherever . 
  i know we in croatia worked really hard to get everything up to eu standards ... 
  tons of croatians were diaspora in germany , austria and other eu nations and worked there for years paying taxes , obeying laws , working on work visas and so on and on ... and then you get these immigrants that come get free apartments , free healthcare , free education and even unemployment benefits from day one . 
  menwhile croats and other ex-yugos that worked there for years were even sent back after our war yet had jobs and friends there . 
  got very little benefits and had to work basically in the gray market . 
  so they got sort of fucked with all that work and dedication and these guys are treated as poor refuges . 
  croatia has the same problem i wonder what the cause on our part ... 
  ahahaha fuck man i came to post that you were faster !, 
  this really i so do n't care for 5g right now . 
  i just got 4g ... and it 's perfectly fine for me . 
  i got 60/15 at home and i find that blazing fast to be honest . 
  serbs stayed the same . 
  muslims increased . 
  croats decreased . 
  thats what i mean i think you 're again getting way butthurt over nothing . 
  then again you seem really loaded . 
  what am i talking about ? 
  the literally interpretation of the statistics . 
  did you even read the census instead of getting butthurt how about you read the census ? 
  1991 * muslims by nationality 1,902,956 ( 43.47 % ) * serbs 1,366,104 ( 31.21 % ) * croats 760,852 ( 17.38 % ) * yugoslavs 242,682 ( 5.54 % ) 2013 * bosniaks 1,769,592 ( 50.11 % ) * serbs 1,086,733 ( 30.78 % ) * croats 544,780 ( 15.43 % ), 
  yes they probably have the biggest per capita workforce outside of their home country in europe sending money back . 
  thats one of the reasons yes . 
  but it 's very fair to say bosnia is a shithole . 
  like half of their economy is gray market and politics are a mess for 20 years now . 
  they literally ca n't recover because of the retarded state they are in right now politically . 
  serbs stayed exactly the same . 
  muslims increased at the expense of croats . 
  tons of people meanwhile work outside about half a million . 
   eu countries uk included . 
  croatia not ... 
  government we do n't have that . 
  i do n't mean make much money for the host countries . 
  i mean the olympic commite and the fat guys . 
  this is never going to happen . 
  olympics make way too much money and generate tons of propaganda for rich countries . 
  what if they secretly hoped that they 'd actually keep their immigration polices and throw everyone out ? 
  scientist baffled etc. . . 
  now for the scotxit and the irelanxit . 
  but putin-chan doping is unfair too !, 
  i have no idea whats happening here . 
  babies are together with osama , hittler and some other muslim guy probably that guy that leads isis . 
  what did the babies do ? 
  very relevant to this topic . 
  thats literally what ban did with the un when saudi arabia said they 'd cut funding if he did n't remove the from some list . 
  this . 
  new york or london or frankfurt etc will never look nearly as cool as all the new chinese cities because they 're mostly all built . 
  making new infrastructure and buildings is exponentially cheaper building cities from nothing . 
  pretty much the only possible way trafic for example can expand in already developed massive european and north american cities is by metro . 
  i visit futurology and some guy asked when will the future look like the future in them movies .
