  here comes the funny part !, 
  one single f-35c : $ 116 million, 
  man in croatia at least in my part theres a huge wave of immigration to ireland , like i have 5 people i know there right now ... people are saying in some cities you literally hear croatian on the street very often . 
  do n't worry russia you too can join the eu everyone can !, 
  this is weird . 
  last time i checked tele 2 has 35 kunas = 3 gb so maybe they confused kunas with euros ? 
  i might be wrong . 
  hah i was thinking the same before i opened the post . 
  what a good way to get the costs back !, 
  i sound like a person who knows what happens when a minority in your country makes a ruckus . 
  no i get that but i 'm afraid while you 're all upset over the government again the albanians will attack like a few weeks ago . 
  man i just hope the fucking albanians do n't tear your country apart . 
  on on this scale and usage . 
  never had you had so much contant with one language . 
  movies , tv series , internet , cartoons , games ( teamspeak , skype , ventrilo etc. . . ) . 
  none of this existed before . 
  at most you 'd read books or travel . 
  i am croatian i never visited an english country in my life . 
  yet arguably i speak better english then most immigrants ever will . 
  unlike 19th century people speak a common language now.it 's called english and it 's why we 're here talking . 
  we also have technology to bridge gaps in communication and transportation . 
  armies do n't need to be fuck huge they only need to be cutting edge and rapid response . 
  plus aircraft is where it 's at . 
  the only wars people failed when they had total air coverage were attrition wars of vietnam for us and afganistan for the ussr . 
  you are aware that literacy in austro-hungary was piss poor right ? 
  oh pepik you 're so germanic you do n't even get jokes . 
  i do n't see what so special here . 
  i 've been paying the same amount for my cable since 2003 . 
  at first it was 64 kbit cable . 
  now it 's 50 mbit . 
  the price stays the same and with time i kept increasing and i expect it to continue till at least 1 gbps, 
  f-35 yeah maybe in 2050 if it continues develop like this, 
  well took us 10 years so i guess it 's pretty realistic, 
   nobody would ever think of preventing a 19-year-old from athens from trying their luck in stuttgart oh how little vice knows about europe and it 's right wing parties . 
  looks like arakis from dune :d, 
  it 's fascinating to hear this after such a long time . 
  i wonder what other ww2 stories that were a big secret are we going to hear in our lifetimes . 
  you forget they 're the successor state of yugoslavia . 
  we played everyone !, 
  got rich off it too !, 
  was it in one of the bunkers kek, 
  i was about to get drafted , that year they abolished it . 
  yay, 
  hello can you hear us ? 
  we are sinking !, 
  expected remove kebab got remove kebab in a very cultured manner . 
  well thats historically a region and outsiders use this term a lot . 
  from games like eu4 , eu policy makers and our own politicians that wants a 4 region + zagreb type region government instead of the current zupanije/opcine type . 
  why is this even discussed and posed so often ? 
  uk leaves the eu everyone takes a hit . 
  whats so new and fascinating about this that it 's posted like so many times ? 
  it 's like saying  you die when you 're killed . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatia_proper croatia proper ( listeni/kro \u028a\u02c8e\u026a\u0283\u0259 / ; croatian : hrvatska pronounced [ x\u0159\u0329\u028ba\u02d0tska\u02d0 ] ) is one of the four historical regions [ 1 ] of the republic of croatia , together with dalmatia , slavonia , and istria, 
  we 're divided generally into 4 regions . 
  istria , dalmatia , croatia and slavonia . 
  * istrians are communists and do n't like croatia * dalmatians are lazy and get free money from tourists * croatia is stuck up but works hard also drinks a lot * slavonia is fat and very temperamental, 
  what am i a hungarian ? 
  i think most people do n't have one ? 
  i at least do n't . 
  i 'm not even on twitter, 
  ask me anything, 
  i am a milan, 
  i do n't know how it work at your place but my grandmother and grandfather have a normal toilet connected to the sewer ... they also have a outdoor backyard toilet . 
  they always use that one even if it 's -5 \u00b0 c outside and they 're 85 years old then still use the outside one ... 
  that feel when no airforce and no money to spare but we 're still gon na buy new ones it seems, 
  just like croatia awesome !, 
  no i 'm sure it will return to it 's normal value . 
  but yeah you 're probably right . 
  i think the reason is because of this . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_to-cv94bo they were out natural enemy for a long time . 
  yeah 2014 ... 
  it might have changed generally . 
  this is like posting a july 20th survey on muslims in 2001 america then a few months later ... 
  i wish i had an easily translatable surname like weiss to white . 
  what does a colonist from europe have in common with a native american . 
  what does a chineses immigrant have in common with a black slave ? 
  no wonder they had to impose a de facto state american chauvinism as a binding agent , to americanize all the others , to bring them to a common denominator at least to a degree . 
  americanization and armed force kept the united states together . 
  no but seriously think about what you wrote and think about how many nations in the world work exactly like you described . 
  from japan to brazil . 
  they were all once devided and still have some vastly different cultures and tradition yet they all call themselves japanese , brazilian , american and so on ... 
  soviet mermaids < 3, 
  yes http://new1.fjcdn.com/thumbnails/comments/4638797+_41aa5bcf65aa7843dba9e4c4bb00b1c9.png http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/006/096/argentinaiswhite.jpg etc just google white argentina, 
  it 's a joke were everyone is considered not white . 
  argentina obviously for example is a black only country . 
  as / int / would say . 
   obviously not white, 
  this . 
  so yeah thats obviously a zaku from gundam . 
  if only it was painted red ... 
  and thats why he built a zeon zaku ? 
   why are you not going to fight isis like kurdish females ? 
  because i think this is the muslim renaissance and we need to let them kill eachother so they can calm down and accept that religion is just religion and not a state matter ? 
  like umm still paying for the winter olympics fiasco ? 
  why are n't feminists going to fight isis like kurdish females ? 
  the irony is hes telling us ( eu ) to forget about the past while demanding nazi reparations and being friends with who russia is thinking of nothing but the past and how glorious the ussr was and how it wants to reconquer the old territories . 
  what a surprise they 're playing both sides just like yugoslavia did to get more money . 
  this . 
  gee i wonder where all the mosques came from, 
  it would .
