  even we should n't be joining it yet . 
  where exactly ? 
  all i see is ein film von rita knobel-ulrich edit : ah never mind . 
  thats just bullshit english added on top of the actual documentary . 
  it 's obvious whoever made the tite card has no idea what the zdf is . 
  what does zdfs political spectrum have to do with anything ? 
  this is a pretty unbiased report . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm if you have n't seen it . 
  that is really the point . 
  as a multi language speaker i can tell you learn what you 're interested in or whats useful . 
  i was n't really interested in czech . 
  but i lived there and every form of media before the internet was in czech . 
  so i learned it perfectly . 
  friends spoke it , tv spoke it , everyone . 
  to me living in a country and not speaking it 's native language is unimaginable . 
  i learned german because most sattelite tv was in german , all my cartoons and anime as kid were german , south park was german , star gate , star trek , star wars was german , everything was german . 
  so what happened i learned it . 
  then later with the dawn of the internet . 
  everything was english . 
  programming guides , games , online games , online communities . 
  so i learned english . 
  and i 'm frustrated today because i can fell how old my brain is . 
  learning languages till 16 was easy as fuck . 
  yet i 'm 26 now and i 've been watchin anime in japanese for what seems like 12 years now . 
  i still do n't speak japanese . 
  and i see all these cool korean and chinese games and shit coming out and i 'm frustrated i ca n't speak these . 
  there is a huge misconception here . 
  nearly 1/2 of the world 's population -- more than 3 billion people -- live on less than $ 2.50 a day . 
  more than 1.3 billion live in extreme poverty , that 's less than $ 1.25 a day . 
  very few of these people speak english . 
  already you 're seeing chinese people speak no english at all . 
  same goes for russians . 
  the only big country that has an interest in english is india . 
  and thats declining too . 
  so with the fall of eu/us dominance so will english fall out of favor . 
  i 'm honestly mad that i do n't speak japanese , korean and chinese ( mandarin or cantonese ) . 
  as you can really see tons of culture begin produced there never getting to us . 
  it is . 
  here in osijek you can take hungarian for example . 
  if you wish to do so . 
  outside of english and german there no many other teachers . 
  so even if you want to learn french , spanish , italian or other your only option is language schools . 
  menwhile i 'm pretty sure ever coastal school has a italian teacher at hand . 
  especially in places like istria . 
  i learned german from grade 1 and english from grade 4 and but honestly i had a friend with me study german for 8 years he knew nothing . 
  menwhile i watched german tv every day i speak it pretty damn good . 
  schools will only get you so far . 
  and by so far i mean not very far at all . 
  i myself speak croatia , czech , german and english . 
  yes . 
  naturally . 
  why the fuck would you cut of someones penis for fucks sake !, 
  why ? 
  yeah the article sure mentioned who and what did this . 
  i love it . 
  arrest ? 
  nope . 
  whos to blame ? 
  nope . 
  how anyone is going to fix it ? 
  nope . 
  so the bbc is so fucking pc it wo n't even say it 's muslims . 
  it wo n't say who and where . 
  i 'm sure a lot of british girls under 18 get this because their good old anglicanist parents wanted to do it . 
  how far will this media bullshit go ? 
  not using two steps from hell - bastion . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aln0wyipw9y magyar plebs, 
  it comes with a house and a few tens of millions of euros . 
  do n't worry . 
  how hdz works , if ( milanovic  = wrong ) printf ( `` hdz would have done it right '' ) ;, 
  would have done so if not for personal problems . 
  we 'll your mafia tried killing them and that did n't work . 
  so what do we do ? 
   karamarko could be our next pm . 
  plz no can we all like vote i do n't fucking know someone from ids or something . 
  i am fucking sick and tired of sdp/hdz, 
  if he did this . 
  imagine what a more right wing pro nationalist party would have done ? 
  it 's actually denmark , uk and i think someone else had the power to abstain and not give a fug . 
  but betrayed your v4 !, 
  you never betray the v4 !, 
  get ready for some mafia shit / s, 
  i love how you studied history . 
  http://media1.giphy.com/media/6owil75ibpufo/giphy.gif this sums it up . 
  how about backstabbing one ? 
  this guy knows some good jokes . 
  oh man todoric must be fucking himself right now . 
  i bet hes mad as fuck . 
  inb4 idea goes bankrupt . 
  damn i had no idea . 
  oh so do i but i do n't think they should pick and choose countries , refuse to register by law and simply head germany over half of europe while screaming they 're in prison merkel help us . 
  if 30 % of these people are actual refugees i 'd say okay . 
  but i doubt it 's even that much . 
  these people are simply economic migrants . 
  they came to croatia , we offered full support . 
  we stuck them in a hotel gave them food , water , shelter and logistical support in general . 
  what do they do ? 
  http://www.itv.com/news/update/2015-09-17/migrants-call-for-freedom-at-hotel-in-croatias-capital/ just to be clear it was confirmed by the press and bystanders that literally no harm , threats or anything was done to these people . 
  so someone among them organized this stunt . 
  as if we 're keeping them here by force or something .
