  nuke slovakia so my mail will never go there instead of slovenia !, 
  nicely kills even my it i7 6700k . 
  or maybe it 's just firefox ... 
  does it get worse at 35 ? 
  or do they just give up and label you `` hopeless '', 
  is it every year after 25 or just 25 ? 
  he deserves it you got a better gdp per capita than croatia ... 
  if this was a decent country . 
  hdz would n't even exist after what he did as any entity . 
  it would be branded forever as corrupt scumbags . 
  but what can i expect from a country where a guy from a bosnian prison can run a party ( hdssb ), 
  we had a prime minister go to jail for corruption . 
  that should tell you a lot . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ivo_sanader oh and btw this/his party managed to win the last elections . 
  then the government collapsed in 1 year because of a failed collation . 
  and then the same fucking government got elected a few weeks ago . 
  i swear to god this is the most retarded nation on earth . 
  where do i kill myself ? 
  did you read about him ? 
  i just said hes going to do the same thing he did in hungary but the israeli version . 
  money ? 
  they 're probably very happy with your high living standards . 
  i 'm not so sure they 'd be happy in poland or romania . 
  fuck i 'd be happy to live in nobody land germany . 
  because thats still 2 or even 3 times my living standards . 
  you 're missing something yes . 
  google about how refuges stationed in czechia and slovakia flee to germany . 
  heres what happens . 
  if you work as non registered citizen in germany you earn probably 2 or 3 times as much money as you do in the czech republic or slovakia . 
  theres also the issue of enclaves . 
  these people tent to form ghetos or communities . 
  they 're alone in a foreign land and are seeking people they can relate to . 
  most often they find it in their countries diasporas . 
  the biggest of these are in germany and sweden . 
  so naturally most of them want to move there . 
  if you wan na learn more listen to this guy . 
   every 50th refugee finds a job . 
   majority of migrants ` unemployable ' and just 54 have jobs with top firms  although the companies surveyed employ four million workers , faz reported that between them , they had only hired 54 migrants . 
  well he very obviously has personal problems of belonging . 
  first he was the most hungarian hungarian to ever live it seems . 
  now in israel hes going to be the most jewish jew probably going to dress up in black uniforms again and hunt down palestinians or something ... 
  london is a safe space !, 
  stabs polish in the neck . 
  more muslims in germany then in bosnia ... not the eu lel, 
  france has the capacity to nuke sweden ? 
  so umm you know ... 
  these days you ca n't find a single reputable news source that does n't have a shitstain on it 's history . 
   cnn  bbc  skynews  foxnews  cbs  aljazeera  rt  dw  euronews everyone has their own agendas and it takes googling two words to see it . 
  it 's such a shame ... 
  the only way to get actual factual news is to read them basically all and try to determine who has what agenda and what they 're trying to smear or hide or `` pretty up '', 
  does anyone even like sour milk chocolate over there ? 
  we have an american food shop here in croatia . 
  tried it once . 
  fuck it 's awful . 
  well you do the same for egypt as far as i recall to prevent them from buying ruski weapons . 
  few other countries too . 
  all i have is your feeling and your hearsay on internet board . 
  this guy has a peer reviewed paper published in america . 
  so you know excuse me if i do n't trust you . 
  so a guy comparing prices before and after accounting for inflation over time compares the average prices of most used goods and it 's politics and deceit ? 
  anecdotes over science ? 
  now thats something to follow . 
  there have been tons of studies done on euro adoption . 
  and guess what on average prices did n't rise . 
  some fell some rose . 
  but eventually it all went back to normal pretty soon . 
  why would prices suddenly rise thats not how economics works . 
  sure they can fiddle around and raise thing by a few euro cents to round things up but also a lot of things would fall . 
  if you really want to i will later link you sources . 
  right now i 'm too lazy but i did it once for someone . 
  yeah thats what i mean . 
  as in if the euro drops so does the kuna and vice versa . 
  nato is basically america . 
  and if america does n't support it it disintegrates . 
  trump said basically it 's a waste of money . 
  and he is sort of right . 
  america protecting europe is a remnant of the cold war . 
  where it was in the interest of the us to not only project force but have trading partners . 
  in 2015 while the eu still was the biggest trading import/export partner to the us it got a big hit in 2016 because uk left . 
  if you look here . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_the_largest_trading_partners_of_the_united_states with the uk out suddenly eu is only between china and mexico . 
  so should they invest in something like the nato when they 're doing the majority of the hauling ? 
  http://i2.cdn.turner.com/money/dam/assets/160415170401-nato-gdp-2-780x439.jpg not only that but when they decided to invade someone most of the nato countries did n't actually support it . 
  sure it 's a defensive alliance but it 's a very unequal one . 
  http://i2.cdn.turner.com/money/dam/assets/160415172159-nato-gdp-1-780x439.jpg so personally from an economic perspective i do n't see nato as profitable for the us as is now . 
  then again the us freely finances 1/3 of the israeli military budget for basically no reason economically . 
  we could . 
  our currency is already way over it 's value . 
  from what the economists are saying it would benefit us two fold . 
  tourists would spend more because they would n't have to change currencies and we could actually export things ... plus it 's already peged to the euro on a 1:1 value anyways ... 
  i mean for all intents and purposes we 're using euros anyways for anything of high price . 
  when the common people talk about apartment prices or car prices they all talk in euros . 
  did you just say spains poor ? 
  well you can get spoiled if it 's a movie . 
  you want to play it with friends multiplayer as soon as it goes live . 
  but a phone ? 
  i 'm sorry my jokes insulted you . 
  oh wait i 'm not you ca n't take banter ... 
  praise kek for romanian butthurt, 
  awww you got so hurt you edited it .
