  amazing . 
  i think we 'd agree on a lot more things then we disagree but we disagree on the economic immigrants/refuges and their assimilation . 
  i ca n't fucking find your comments or mine . 
  reddit is horrible at tracking these 1:1 conversations . 
  came back from the city ca n't find anything . 
  to be fair left and right a very country dependent . 
  i count myself a leftist . 
  yet by swedish standards i 'm a nazi and by american standards i 'm a communist . 
  did you ever watch history channel ? 
  each fucking berlin war escape was a story . 
  the number of people that did it was so minuscule that they became heroes . 
  just like north koreans . 
  with boats and european money . 
  same as italy and others . 
  how does australia build fences ? 
  they do n't . 
  we just should just mirror the australian policies and methods . 
  they 're seem very successful at them . 
  what happens now , we halt a ship . 
  they sink the ship . 
  we have to rescue them and bring the the europe . 
  in australia after they 're rescued they still get sent back . 
  from what i understand in europe they do n't . 
  as far as i understand the laws . 
  you have to apply for an asylum in hunary , once you get rejected you get to move on to say austria . 
  there the same thing should happen and then you 'd get to germany . 
  thats how it 's supposed to work by the dublin laws no ? 
  so do n't apply for in more then one country . 
  they 're being investigated because they do n't want to register people because of the fear that they will get all the rejected applicants back . 
   relevance ? 
  i tend to watch both sides and i do n't downvote people because i disagree with them . 
   like that was exclusive to people of any one opinion . 
  if you watched this new feminism pc wave thats going on right now . 
  they openly want to censure opinions they find harmful . 
  safe spaces and such are created for people who `` ca n't take it '' and so on ... 
  but the fact that you 're asking for relevant means you 're not too informed about sexist acs and such . 
  they 're not they 're afraid once shit hits the fan that all these asylum applicants by law now are going to get deported back to hungary . 
  since right now it 's apply for asylum in hungary . 
  and then continue on . 
  there no apply for asylum in germany option as far as i know ? 
   the statistics on that are quite clear . 
  yes , non-citizens do commit more crimes . 
  but not at hugely inflated numbers . 
  instead of x % peoples with a criminal record , you 'll have 2 * x % . 
  most of them do n't commit crimes . ), 
  so i see official sources from national statistics centers and i see your opinion . 
  and i 'm supposed to take that away from this that you are right ? 
   but do n't say all of them commit crimes and can not adopt to western society , etc. 
  that is just plain false . 
  never said that i said the number of ones that do is not within acceptable margins . 
  parallel societies with their own laws that ignore the said states constitution should be not allowed . 
  how can you defend people that want to marry off their daughter to a cousin in pakistan ? 
  sure this is a more extreme case but thats exactly what these parallel societies encourage . 
  you 're a leftist , what are n't you attacking these people for not letting the damn daughters on field trips because they might get pregnant ? 
  instead the whole pc crowd has this huge epidemic of ignoring muslims because `` they 're a different culture '' . 
  well they have come to western societies and they should be judged by the same rules as us . 
  both morally and by the law . 
  he said it 's 500.000 $ a pop . 
  i doubt these economic migrants have that much :d maybe the eu will pay it ? 
  i might be prejudice form your point of view but we very well have the right to that prejudice . 
  not everyone lives in a happy go lucky multi-culti culture . 
  see what you 're doing is what all leftist do . 
  and i 'm a leftist my self telling you this but i 'm one of the few ones that thinks that european values are incompatible with the majority of these poor/uneducated muslims/africans . 
  not because they 're not people or whatever but because they have lived in their culture for 20 + years and culture change does n't come easy to 90 % of the people . 
  you opinion is not above others . 
  moral high horses are just that . 
  and the issue is very real . 
  i have linked this so many times i 'm sick of it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm there is a very real and very obvious problem with muslim immigrants . 
  and countries have a right to decline to invite them because of the said problems being visible to them because of you . 
  so while `` foreigner = danger '' is `` prejudiced '' if you look at 100 % of the natural world . 
  it 's the species that assume this position first and not the dodo that survive . 
  so you could call it natural instinct or whatever . 
  i have to agree 100 % on him when he says `` building fences is not an option they say ? '', 
  it 's the solution . 
  it exactly is . 
  what the fuck is wrong with people when they disagree with illegal immigration ? 
  if germans want to let 1 million people in ? ... 
  let them !, 
  change the dublin laws and allow countries to apply for asylum there on the spot on hungarians border control points . 
  hungary and other countries will then provide safe passage to resisted asylum seekers to germany that did indeed get an approved asylum !, 
  or even better let germany make centers in turkey and so for people to apply . 
  this is why i like 4chan and hate reddit for actual discussions with people . 
  reddit is what you 'd call silencing free speech under the guise of `` hate speech '' . 
  even if you 're 100 % right you 'd still get downvoted . 
  say the feminist things that have been happenng on the internet the past year or so . 
  i mostly read all the sources . 
  i look at antia sarksiesn videos . 
  i do n't downvote them on youtube . 
  there no point . 
  it 's not going to change anything . 
  but a lot of people do n't understand that . 
  i love when you 're on redit in a 1:1 conversation and the guy goes and downvotes every single one your replies . 
  i 'm like what the fuck dude . 
  really ? 
  are you 10 years old and ca n't handle some criticism ? 
  i do but not a federation with german bully tactics and this bullshit where germany takes a loudspeaker and yells i will accept everyone . 
  everyone comes . 
  and then germany blames greeks , macedonians , serbians , hungarians , croatians and austrians for `` not handling the situation '' and `` having to accept some of the refugees '' what is this kindergarden ? 
  if germany made fucking camps in turkey or wherever , went through the asylum application process there and then secured an transport infrastructure + logistic for the said asylum seekers . 
  sure all the blamed countries would organize transport for free .
