  but we will probably eventually sell it to russia, 
  yeah maybe we should do the same for piigs ? 
  maybe pigcs now that croatia is in the eu . 
  arrogance ? 
  i 'm croatian i 'm from the south . 
  i lived in the czech republic and in austria for a while . 
  the difference in work ethics is clear as day . 
  here people ca n't wait to cheat the system and somehow get on breaks . 
  yeah thats been confirmed as they 're working like crazy but having no productivity . 
  think about what that actually means . 
  means government jobs that have no productivity at all being there to satisfy the political elites `` rewards '' program for being loyal by rewarding the parties people nepotist job positions . 
  the same thing is happening in croatia . 
  the bigest job provider is the government . 
  and what jobs does the government provide ? 
  jobs that are unproductive and do nothing . 
  that whats happening in the south . 
  the government is just employing people to keep them satisfied . 
  until it runs out of money . 
  just like the video said btw . 
  meanwhile germany has super corporations like henkel ag & company , kraft foods and so on that employ hundreds of thousands of people by producing actual goods that can be exported . 
  why do you think our supermarket shelve are filled across europe with nutela and milka ? 
  where is the greek milka ? 
  i do n't have a single spanish or greek product in my supermarket that i buy regularly . 
  but theres tons of austrian , german , italian and french products . 
  think about that . 
  because it 's bosnia stupid . 
  you never need there so you do n't know what kind of shithole it is . 
  digital lel ... thats a term you 'll never hear in the governments of former yugoslavia except maybe slovenia . 
  the nationalist will never let it happen you can bet on that . 
  yep it 's so free you 're free to leave !, 
  david cameron , brain dead prime minister shows need for euthanasia . 
  hah it 's the same here in croatia , it 's probably the same in bosnia and serbia ... politicans use ethnic tension for 20 fucking years ago croats vs serbs , right wing vs communism to basically win votes . 
  no ones gives a fuck about decent job interviews and the goverment is nepotistic as fuck ... why is this all ( 3 points ) such a prevalent problem in former communist countries ? 
  why not let eu-usa-russia make a free trade agreement . 
  then i can just order the cheapest things from the cheapest place with no taxes or customs , 
  yay hooray no croatia finally we are europe, 
  that feel when i speak fluent germany yet i 'm no doctor ; _ ; vielleicht beim n\u00e4chsten mal ? 
  numerous alternatives have been purposed from firing a neutron beam into the liquid salts to simply using old waste nuclear fuel . 
  here the catch . 
  theres no funding to actually do the tests it 's all on paper . 
  well it is ridiculously expensive considering the alternatives . 
  it 's a real government type program . 
  honestly i like it because of that . 
  but it 's also sad that so much money is spent on them as z-pinch , nif , lpp , tri-alpha energy , general fusion etc. . . let 's hope we get it sooner rather then later . 
  it 's also a real damn shame thorium fission reactors are n't even considered for big funding projects . 
  shame really . 
  small modular reactors the size to be fitend on a truck could be made and provide like 200mw power . 
  http://nextbigfuture.com/2013/12/molten-salt-reactor-about-50-times.html well i think there is one country that currently working on nuclear and fusion a lot more then most and it 's china . 
  europe and the us really do n't have that much a problem with coal . 
  sure it we pump out co2 but we do n't crate smog micro climates where people watch sunsets on big led screens . 
  if i was betting i 'd say demo will be in china and so will the next thorium nuclear reactor . 
  20.1.2014 it 's 16 \u00b0 c outside . 
  like what countries ? 
  did n't know bosnia was next to austria or germany, 
  except no one in croatia actually earns that salary but the top maybe 10 %, 
  sta je / int / i ovdje curi ex-yu thread ? 
  what he said . 
  bachelors is seen as a half assed not worth anything diploma that no one will employ you with . 
  the reality right now is that it is worthless . 
  since the universities do n't teach you any significant work related skills in the first 3 years that could be related to work . 
  it 's more like expanding on your high school knowledge in a specialized way . 
  so yeah at least in croatia . 
  it 's look down upon as being worthless . 
  well you know the flemish and the french . 
  no idea how they would separate . 
  but i was guessing the french part would join france maybe ? 
  well honestly , i do n't really like it . 
  it 's not because i hate serbs or anything . 
  it 's because i do n't like the tunes and the text . 
  i did grow up listening to it and all of my friends listen to it . 
  but i live in a speical world of touhou music , japanese music and shit like two steps from hell . 
  but my point is theres plenty of non english music to go around . 
  and op just did n't tune in on the right stations . 
  well for one it really really depends on the people you hang out with and what music they listen to . 
  i think you just had the luck of listening to such radiostations . 
  most young people here are devided betwen foreign music thats mostly english and local music . 
  most educated people find local music degenerate so they listen to english music . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9k7op710r74 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vu93z5zrvwa&amp;list=pljlekc6956gwg49lovu5u1tqz7dkaitmp as you might notice theres a big turk infuence here . 
  with kind of exotic sounding melodies . 
  i for one lived in the czech republic and watches tons of german tv . 
  i know a lot of czech bands and same with german ones . 
  yes english music is dominant of young hip radio stations but you need to tune to others . 
  because theres usually radio stations that specialize in local music . 
  but yeah english and american music is pretty strong around the world because they can lobby and engish is the international music . 
  why would i listen to french music when i understand english , german , czech and croatian ? 
  heres my take on it . 
  if scotland , belgium and catalonia and all the others seperated the change would be this . 
  the guys they separated from would lose money because most of these regions demand separation because they 're making more money then average . 
  thats about it , sure they 'd be problems with pensions and such but with the eu making a new country is n't really that much of a problem for anyone . 
  europe is already a billion countries . 
  so who cares ? 
  i 'd see no real difference . 
  except more countries to learn about but i already know about them because they 're so loud anyways . 
  online shopping , no taxes , smaller shipping fees . 
  for a gamer this is the best !, 
  i have n't bought clothes in 3 years . 
  now for the first time i got like 2 sets of jeans , 3 tshirts , a coat and sneakers for below 100 $ on thehut during black friday . 
  what a score !, 
  and the best thing no shipping and no taxes/customs !, 
  as a croat i have to totally agree .
