  everything by the book by the law . 
   processing them in the entry countries and then immediately distributing them this is literally impossible . 
  they 're coming through the poorest region on croatia thats would be ill equipped to handle 1000 a day let alone 13.000 . 
  you know what enjoy the immigrants and everyone whos mixed in with them . 
  more you 'd never even find a job as a designer in croatia . 
  we do n't make anything what would you even design ... 
  go to the russian border without any sort of documents and demand you be let in . 
  say you want go to south korea you want to get asylum there . 
  yes . 
  in the eyes of the law , one law is the same as the other . 
  borders existed between countries are these for a reason you know . 
  well soon enough you 'll feel the influx of the immigrants into germany . 
  i have felt it today . 
  thousands of people lying on concrete and every possible spot on rail and bus stations . 
  my city of 100.000 was not designed to transport 5000 people a day . 
  we are in all sense of the world overwhelmed . 
  and not just us . 
  so are these immigrants . 
  we ca n't provide enough of anything for them . 
  so big are the numbers that a town of 11.000 swelled up to 22.000 overnight . 
  how can we provide toilets and food and water for these people . 
  how can we provide housing when rain is on the way probably tomorrow . 
  and i 'm afraid what happen when both hungary and slovenia close their borders and say you deal with it . 
  the problem with you germans is you 're in the center of europe . 
  very far away from the places these people are trying to flee from . 
  and these people are literally going through the poorest regions of europe to get to germany . 
  and you expect us to deal with them by what magic ? 
  tell me what do you want us to do ? 
  what is your solution to this problem ? 
  because i have 3000 people sitting in my cities buss/train stations wondering the same damn thing . 
  seeing as some people coming here from muslim countries do believe in sharia law and their right to practice it in the eu . 
  maybe we should question a lot more who we let in you know ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm this is n't some scare mongering documentary from youtube . 
  it 's a simple fact by out of all things official german state television . 
  i 'm not saying all immigrants are bad . 
  i 'm saying letting them run free without a care in the world just because theres a lot of them is a big mistake . 
  it 's a situation that should have been debated a lot on the eu . 
  a year before this . 
  it 's something laws should have been in place . 
  now it 's too late . 
  countries in the balkans are overwhelemend and powerless to stop tens of thousands of people crossing their borders in days . 
  powerless by humanitarian politics that prevent any real measures to stop them . 
  the eu tells the border states to register and catalog new arrivals . 
  offers no logistical help but is mad when we fail to do as they wish . 
  how can you expect your poorest members to handle the biggest immigration since world war 2 ? 
  all germany does is use a loudspeaker and shout we will take everyone in . 
  and then blames hungary , italy , slovenia , croatia , serbia , macedonia and greece for not controlling the situation . 
  and breaking eu laws . 
  i am still an eu federalist . 
  but germany needs to stop acting like a fucking dick . 
  the eu might survive this . 
  shengen for sure wo n't . 
  when hungary does exactly what it 's supposed to do . 
  it gets flak for all sides . 
  yet this is exactly what it siged up for . 
  to defend the shengen borders . 
  by all means necessary . 
  they closed the borders and are only letting people apply for asylums . 
  yet these people want to just walk to germany without a passport , registration of any kind of legal documentation . 
  just wondering you know ... point out their hypocrisy and all . 
  do you follow the law ? 
  do you know what illegal even means ? 
  are you actually reading what you 're typing ? 
  because this is how you sound :  oh you know i 'll just go and kill a few people . 
  i mean it 's legal in war what harm could it do if i go kill a few there are 500 million eu citizens . 
  by that statistic killing a few wo n't even change anything . 
  are saudi arabia , uae and others part of these agreements ? 
  they 'd probably get stationed as far away from the coast because they 're threaten tourism . 
  so they 'd live in slavonia thats on the same level as serbia more or less . 
  we 're the least developed part of croatia by a wide margin . 
  as you can see here . 
  http://puu.sh/kfgzq/eea8e4c336.png number of people , gdp of the county , gdp per capita in the county . 
  the fact that the same job here pays 700 $ while in germany it does 5 times that ? 
  that is if you ever find one . 
  honestly . 
  this would be every single eu country that has less then 20 million population . 
  when you walk to your local train/bus station and it 's brim full with migrants on day one . 
  you see how much of a shit storm is heading towards the eu in general . 
  our government was prepared for say 3000 people . 
  instead 13.000 came and they just said . 
  fuck it . 
  we ai n't dealing with this shit . 
  yes more of a layman guy . 
  his speech was very informal and direct . 
  he did n't really want to say it but in the end he did . 
  he said we have a plan b. 
  the plan b is basically ship everyone to the nearest hungarian or slovenian border and let them out there . 
  like i said it was very informal . 
  he was basically addressing the nation like you 'd talk to a friend about politics a lot less like a politician . 
  he personally blasted hungary , merkel , germany , serbia , eu and to a very little extent slovenia . 
  but he was the fairest to slovenia out of all the people he mentioned . 
  he also naturally blasted the opposition party . 
  at the end he said the government ( his ) decides and the next scheduled meeting for the government was more a courtesy to the president ( shes in the opposition ) to elaborate on * `` asked what would happen if hungary sent its army to the croatian-hungarian border , milanovi\u0107 said `` i 'd like to see that happen '' he said the world media would be there cnn , bbc , bloomberg , al jazeera and so on . 
  so he really like to see hungary try . 
  i do n't really watch croatian politics or his speeches . 
  so i was very surprised . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm not for the people that are coming . 
  they sure do n't get these rights . 
  even when they 're in germany . 
  but yes i 'm an advocate of free speech too so you have a right to say what you want . 
  so take that more as an `` entitled opinion of mine '' and not a command not to speak .
