  in an orderly fashion . 
  not whatever the fuck this mass exodus to germany is . 
  i mean these `` refugees '' do n't want to stay in fucking austria what in the flipping fuck ? 
  i 'd much rather move to austria compared to germany . 
  so i 'm baffled . 
  yes i am one . 
  and i am whining . 
  because a federation is supposed to be you know together and not this clusterfuck of arguments , it 's not supposed to be a `` german federation '' where germany uses bully tactics on the greeks and v4 because they wo n't fall in line . 
  then again if it was a federation the greek crisis would have never happened because you could actually see their damn buget . 
  it 's obvious that old communist countries are way more homogeneous and some of them like us have been on the christan/muslim border for centuries . 
  it 's in our culture to be more homogeneous and more afraid of things like these . 
  just look at what happen with yugosavlia when you had muslims , orthodox and catholics living in a communist society . 
  natonalism roared and everyone got their own very homogeneous state except bosnia that was fucked over by the un into what it is today . 
  bosnia could have been cleanly divided into croatia , serbia and muslim states . 
  with referendums to join their cultural homelands in 10 ~ 20 years . 
  but instead you got the clusterfuck thats bosnia . 
  i 'm pretty sure the goal of these migrants is n't to disrupt the eu but they 're doing a 100 % hella good job at doing it . 
  and i can call you a nazi for saying this . 
  see what you 're doing ? 
  thats what you get for watching chinese cartoons !, 
  well it 's obvious they all want to live like shahs in abu dabi but ca n't . 
  imagine you 're arabic , you 're cold and you ca n't even drink alcohol to make the depression go away . 
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnh0bmyt7os - original tv original article : * http://www.telegraph.co.uk/women/womens-life/11760417/air-conditioning-in-your-office-is-sexist.-true-story.html parodies : * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wj-insgrbp0 * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27n3tbjbfae, 
  and i was yelling the same shit back then as i am now . 
  the eu as utterly failed to provide any means for these people to get asylums where they want . 
  instead they have to more or less literally walk to their country of choosing in 2015 . 
  having 3000 immigrants in my town is not shit hitting the fan . 
  i 'll call you when they out number us 2 : 1 when will i pussy out exactly ? 
  in what relation even ? 
  how can i pussy out of wanting to deport immigrants back to where they came from because they 're illegaly here with no documents ? 
  if these people came through say eu screening centers set up in their respective countries of origin so turkey , jordan , lebanon and so on i 'd have a lot less anger towards them . 
  but when they come to zagreb are placed in a hotel i ca n't afford to stay in and then hang out bead sheets written with `` we are in prison help us merkel germany germany . '', 
  while being given food , water , shelter . 
  when i see that 90 % of these refuges are working class men from 18-35 years old and are essentially economic migrants that are using the situation to live a better life illegally . 
  then i get mad . 
  deporting illegal immigrants with no documents is fascism ... oh okay then ... let 's call all the programs actual fascist/nazis had fascism too . 
  in private , hitler also said that `` i absolutely insist on protecting private property ... we must encourage private initiative '' . 
  there for private property is fascism/nazi . 
  if you think the word fascism scares and i 'm going to pussy out you 're wrong . 
  unlike it seems every single fucking politician in the eu except fucking orban . 
  like you said . 
  for that to happen we need to be not pussies . 
  as many times as third wave feminist are going to tell your that the ac is misogynist . 
  did they just walk over your borders illegally without any form of registration at the rate of 7000 a day ? 
  the same obviously applies for all europeans . 
  except albanians and kosovars . 
  ukranians want to cross the border ? 
  hahahaha syrians and other unidentified pure blooded black africans and asians want to cross ? 
  go right ahead we ca n't stop you . 
  enjoy germany !, 
  my father worked in the czech republic for 15 + years . 
  he left when the yugoslav war started . 
  he did n't ask for an asylum , he went there and applied for a temporary residence , he then payed every 6 months and went to do all the paperwork for 15 + years . 
  after a few years since the town was small everyone there knew him as he was literally the only one to do this . 
  so they were like hey man how are you and they 'd chat more then they 'd work . 
  so while he was of the same religion , mostly same culture , same language group he followed all the necessary steps . 
  tons of paperwork to get a company started , to get insured , to get non foreigner automobile plates and and all . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/cz_diplo_plate.jpg he had this a bit darker colored for years and years . 
  instead of the normal https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/02/cz_plate_euro.jpg so dealing with all of that . 
  he was fine . 
  and these people just walk in and do n't give 2 fucks . 
  bravo eu and shengen . 
  whatever happens our goverment will find a way to ship them out . 
  to say italy via boats because it does not give 2 fucks about borders it seems . 
  oh god i was on a boat tour of amsterdam . 
  boring as fuck . 
  so slow . 
  i 'm glad you can see how daily life in croatian politics looks like . 
  imagine how many campaign promises they kept !, 
  and i voted for them . 
  there literally no party to vote for in croatia anymore . 
  i 'm a leftist guy , i 'm fine with gays , trans , abortions , pot and all that shit . 
  i do n't want different culture immigrants in europe . 
  no party supports this . 
  between who ? 
  european armies and immigrants from africa/asia ? 
  except a lot of them will probably decide to stay in austria because it 's rich as fuch and in some instances richer then germany . 
  322 indeed . 
  well the eu did very little to help serbia , macedonia , hungary or greece . 
  and it 's not like this is a issue form today . 
  it 's only an issue form today for us croatians . 
  it was surprising how calm it all went . 
  i ca n't say i 'm not worried . 
  but overall it 's under control at least here . 
  when i see a city i visit have it 's own population doubled by immigrants . 
  in a single day . 
  i start to question a lot of things . 
  including why we did n't wall our selves in . 
  like saudi arabia . 
  when you freedoms get threatened you think a lot of things . 
  and i 'm speaking from a country that was at war 20 years ago . 
  we never had shit like this . 
  my father also went out of croatia . 
  but did n't apply for an asylum anywhere . 
  he applied for a work visa in the czech republic . 
  found a job and started working . 
  learning the language . 
  integrating . 
  he renewed the visa every 6 months for 15 years and payed money to do it every time . 
  payed taxes .
