  guess i 'm center then too bad no good centrist parties . 
  the croatian right is fucking retarded . 
  not that the left is any better but hdz and hsp and hdssb and all that shit is so damn fucking retarded . 
  maybe i 'd be center right if i was in germany or somewhere ... but in our country the right is simply not an option for me . 
  our values totally do n't cross . 
  this is literally how gypsies survive in the balkans and former austro-hungary such as slovakia , czechs and hungary . 
  they literally have like 8 children and then they get like 500 kunas benefits per kid and thats basically an average pay right there a month . 
  plus they do some grey economy work and they 're pretty satisfied . 
  i 'm a liberal from croatia . 
  i welcome swedish , chinese , bosnians , americans man whoever has a culture and is compatible with our values ... 
  i 'm pro gay , pro abortion , anti-religion , pro nuclear and renewable . 
  i like facts and science . 
  i like people who like facts and science too . 
  there comes by problem . 
  i have lived in more then one country , i have seen immigrants from vietnam in the czech republic , i have seen how my own people behave in other countries such as the uk and germany . 
  i have seen turks in germany and i have seen black muslims in amsterdam . 
  immigrants generally move because of outside forces war , poverty , instability , ethnic or religious prosecution and so on ... now muslims that come from war torn poor countries have a horrible track record , they do n't assimilate , they never convert , they are simply not compatible with our values . 
  they did n't come here because they wanted to live a better civilized life , they came because economics . 
  they come here and basically make their own little enclaves where they speak and write their language , practice their religion and mostly first gens never really assimilate . 
  they came here purely out of economics for a better life standard . 
  some of them have no idea how to behave in our society and some outright reject out society because quran says so . 
  they demand rights but have very little respect from our own . 
  now i 'm not saying the 3rd generation turks in germany are bad . 
  they 're actually pretty well assimilated , but theres also a large minority that are n't and are very vocal about it . 
  i got shit here on europe from turks because i said i did n't want a black muslim from a worn torn country moving in next to me . 
  i still do n't just as i do n't want a gypsie to move in next to me . 
  i have hands on experience with these people . 
  they 're uneducated , refuse to educate their children and better themselves . 
  i have literally seen gypsies here in my grandmother village literally going to shit in the woods because they did n't want to pay for a septic tank !, 
  i live in an area of croatia where there was germans , jews , serbians , hungarians and others lived side by side respecting each other . 
  why ? 
  because we had compatible cultures and values . 
  no one wanted to do any harm until the nationalist forces divided the country into communist , fascists/nazis and royalists . 
  it became a real clusterfuck in ww2 in yugoslavia . 
  croats killed the jews and serbians , serbians killed the croats , nazis came from germany killed everyone else and then soviets came and killed the nazis , the slavs then basically drove out all the germans and some hungarians . 
  and then 50 years later serbs drove out croatians and croatians drove out serbs . 
  now croatia is mostly a very homogenic country with 95 % ethnic croats . 
   according to the 1910 census , the city had 31,388 inhabitants . 
  the official austrian census lists 12,625 as croats , 11,269 as germans or danube swabians , 3,729 as hungarians , 2,889 as serbs and 876 others . 
  according to religion , there were 24,976 roman catholics , 2,943 orthodox , 2,340 jews , 594 reformations , 385 evangelicals , 122 greek catholics and 28 others . 
  [ 22 ] [ 23 ] after world war ii a large part of the danube swabian population were expelled as a revenge for their participation in german occupation of yugoslavia . 
  their property has become publicly owned and redistributed to the world war ii victims . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_history_of_croatian_baranja my point is , all these immigrants should be taken in without some good psych evaluation , requirements to adapts to our culture and so on ... 
  if we accept them they should be educated and not totally culture shocked so much that they retreat into basically ghetos and just circlejerk their own language , culture and values . 
  they should be spread out among the population not clustered together . 
  they need to get educated , they need to not feel at home first and then assimilate and call europe their home . 
  i would n't mind , 
  geography . 
  see muslims do n't like jews just as much as christants do n't like muslims, 
  so what you 'll love if an african jew that has no education moved in next to you ? 
  it 's like saying ebonics is a different language . 
  it ai n't . 
  at most they 're dialects that are written in another writing system, 
  no but german czech croatian and english are, 
  so salty you had to downvote me, 
  considering i speak 4 languages and hold a degree i 'd count myself among the educated ones yes . 
  these % mean nothing . 
  as soon as someone started attacking or you attacked sumone they numbers would rise . 
  defensive wars will always have a huge number of supporters because you feel as if you 've done nothing wrong and someone is out to do wrong . 
  japans 11 % would turn into 95 % if korea attacked japan in the blink of an eye . 
  no i get it but i do n't think america would say whoa let 's all calm down after it had a carrier strike group nuked . 
  while i do agree with you that it 's questionable what would actually happen the combined test of mankinds are around the 500 mt of nuclear energy or 2,135,000 tj . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_weapon_yield but take krakatoa thats a 200mt explosion http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1883_eruption_of_krakatoa#global_climate so literally skies in norway became blood red and temperatures fell by a degree on average and that introduced all sorts of crazy climate stuff like floods , crazy winters and so on . 
  now say pakistan has 120 nukes are combined about 60 mt and let 's say indias 110 nukes are 50mt . 
  i can only guess there no official numbers . 
  but these is real close to what the krakatoa yield and is also dispersed over a big region so more air gets shifted , maybe more dirt gets sucked up and so on ... 
  so i can see how it 's possible . 
  but consider this krakatoa was 200mt and the whole of nuclear history was only 500mt over 60 years . 
  http://www.livescience.com/44380-small-nuclear-war-could-trigger-catastrophic-cooling.html these scientist disagree . 
  even just india paksitan could fuck us up . 
  not to mention a real world war . 
  not enough to fuck everyone . 
  they 're like france , england , china , india , pakistan , north korea . 
  there are local nuclear powers that do n't have enough nukes to wipe out whole civilisations, 
  nice mad recipe russia . 
  one nuke would trigger a mad response with anyone russia would lose a war to . 
  you 're saying this as if the fucking cold war never existed . 
  conventional warfare need not end in nukes . 
  there is only 2 countries in the world that have nukes that would n't end up totally destroying the world if they had an all out total war . 
  thats india and pakistan . 
  they have enough to kill themselves and probably cause some sort of climate change but we 'd all mostly be alive . 
  on the other hand if china , europe , us or russia started a nuke war with any one of these countries the whole world would be totally fucked . 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/podravka_vegeta.jpg i am the true vegeta of nato, 
  not that . 
  this http://st.ilfattoquotidiano.it/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/large_131221-165041_to211213cro_0511.jpg, 
  vatican is a wealthy as fuck theocratic state ruled by the pope and has 4.5 times the gdp per capita of bosnia . 
  the pope has so much influence he could start wars , end famines and change the world . 
  basically hes a very powerful man . 
  he drives some shitty ford or fiat or whatever that was ... bosnia a one of the poorest nations in europe with unemployment at 44.3 % all the politicians are basically uselss but they all drive some top of the line mercedes , audi , volkswagen , bmw etc. . . 
  i live in osijek as you might have guessed . 
  we had the train sarajevo - budapest for a while before they canceled it . 
  i remember once it was 360 minutes late . 
  at first i thought it was a bug because i rode the train to my grandfathers place few kilomteres away . 
  then i asked the lady at the counter and she said yeah it 's 6 hours late , you better take the local train in an hour ... 
  croatia * pope came to sarajevo so all the other news is basically ignored, 
  i wish fuckin eastern europe was n't such a dump when it came to trains . 
  it takes me fucking 4 and a half hours to get from osijek to zagreb . 
  osijek is the fourth largest city in croatia and zagreb is the capital . 
  you 'd think a 200 km distance could be covered in i do n't know 2 hours ? 
   eu migrants let me guess it was gypsies ?
