  why not add slovenia , austria , vojvodina , parts of romania and croatia . 
  and become the austrian empire, 
  as a croatian i have to agree . 
  and syrians like sweedish people are all fluent in english thanks to assads glorious freedom policies . 
  yeah it 's surprising how ignorant you are . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emxkt99w61a are n't we supposed to be a fortress ? 
  for once i totally agree with hungary . 
  but i also have this fear that while they might be building a fence , they 're also building a dam and all that is going to spill over into eastern croatia were i live, 
  because you suck at eu4, 
  thank fucking god . 
  let 's ignore the croatian kingdom that had more privileges then bohemia in the habsburg empire , let 's ignore the kingdom of croatia 925 -- 1102 and so on ... 
  i have no fucking idea what you 're trolling on about ... clicked to see your posts . 
  wow you 're popular in / r/serbia with a minimum of 5 downvotes per post . 
  being this shitty at history plz ... 
  slavensko bratstvo 2015 basically to me it sounds communist as fuck sounds the same as crna ruka aka black hand that killed ferdinand, 
  like soviets and us told yugo not to profit from the cold war ? 
  i lived in the czech republic . 
  so plz . 
  sure naturally there is , but it 's just neo nazis and such . 
  most jew haters in europe right now are muslims . 
  by a pretty big margin i 'd say . 
  i 'd say casual jew jokes are used pretty often like in the us . 
  instead of being happy i 'm complimenting you for playing both sides and making mad dosh you complain about fascism . 
  i do n't get you serbs . 
  menwhile in serbia http://img.4plebs.org/boards/tv/image/1415/21/1415217826176.webm, 
  problem is voting for independents will never get more then 5 % votes . 
  we 're stuck with hdz or sdp with their coalitions . 
  until one day we get fed up . 
  but looking at other countries with systems like there . 
  we 're never going to get rid of them . 
  look at america or uk same 2 parties for centuries . 
  i voted for sdp while they 're not horrible i expected so so much more . 
  so i am basically pretty damn disappointed . 
  i have no idea who to vote next elections . 
  sanader and his marry band of mafia faggots should be striped of all their possessions like we did in communism . 
  sure there was tons of talks about how our politicians are stealing money . 
  then uskok came and 80 % of the conspiracies `` theories '' became judicial fact . 
  now they 're still stealing but probably with a lot more care, 
  yeah this i feel they 're being undermined at so many points . 
  i hope they can keep it up, 
  this picture is some 6 months old ? 
  does b92 literally lag behind 6 months after the rest of the world ? 
  it 's not about endless ammunition it 's pretty clear one lmg magazine depletes it by like 10 to 20 % and you can shoot the top . 
  ahhh yes ... europe fuck yeah !, 
  thanks tito !, 
  i was thinking yeah we 're gon na be second ... 
  turns out we 're 4th ... the fuck portugal !, 
  so what happens after a prolonged time when all the little balls become spend and the enemy knows what type of armor it is a shoots though the part with no balls ? 
  it 's funny how all the vidoes are shooting at the bottom part . 
  meanwhile in the relevant world we watched dota 2, 
  u wot m8 ? 
  what i think what we need is like a former austro-hungarian military union and add in romania , bulgaria i 'd say former yugoslavia too but i do n't serbian and bosnian pro russian politics would agree . 
  since pretty much only poland has the economy to sustain a okayish military the others are too small or do n't care . 
  there basically a huge power vacuum left after the cold war with russia being armed to the teeth and so is the west and v4 countries + balkans being a power vacuum . 
  i mean sure the nato is there to cover for russia but i still think we need something more local, 
  i lived in the czech republic , i do n't remember any folklore telling me to kill muslims ... 
  does slovak folklore feature this ? 
  looked small and mostly neonazi, 
  god i hope soyuz 3rd stage does n't fuck up again ... 
  to quote the fifa president : you make us fell safe mr.putin, 
  it also means attention in croatian too and is used quite a lot by the military . 
  thats for turists heres the real one . 
  http://puu.sh/j5owz/caeaaec834.png * how much does a kilowatt of electricity cost ? 
  * how much does it cost to build a house ? 
  * how much does registering you car cost ? 
  * how much does a gram of gold cost ? 
  * how much does a crap check up ( maintenance cost ) ? 
  * how much does it cost to get electricity ( as in connected to the grid ) ? 
  * how much does a pregnancy test cost ? 
  * how much is a cubic of concrete mix cost ? 
  * how much does a wedding cost ? 
  naturally this croatian/serbian because we use the same term for `` how much does it cost '', 
  i 'll go and buy a german product because of you . 
  from what i 've heard american roma are considered very gadjo https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gadjo_%28non-romani%29 at least thats what some roma i met a train station once said when i asked them if they saw that tv series american gypsies and asked them i wonder why theres no tv series like that here . 
  but thats just my anecdotal story . 
  i lived in the czech republic , it was funny with all the vietnamese in uherske hradiste . 
  i do n't know then number but there was a vietnamese market with at least 100 of them and they were so isolated every 5th speaking broken czech . 
  i think a few asimilated mainly the 2nd gens but i was so weird in the 90s and early 20s now it 's closed since you can get things cheaper from china and such http://slovacky.denik.cz/zpravy_region/vietnamska-trznice-v-hradisti-je-opustena-20140119.html, 
  no , i remember going to bulgaria and the lady asked me 3 times in the bank if i really wanted to exchange the whole 100 $ . 
  man like meals in bulgaria are 4 time as cheap as in croatia 2 times as cheap as in serbia . 
  will this allow the actual police to see all the pedophiles in the government and the insane corruption ? 
  i honestly do n't even know anything about furries except they 're hated and wear costumes and make very weird porn . 
  that one guy in my city ... 
  this was what i was waiting for hehe, 
  not the response i expected at all . 
  so last time i checked theres tons of hidden away untaxed billions from the greek elite right ? 
  somewhere in switzerland or some such ? 
  i know everyone is center left on politics we 're just that kind of state . 
  i honestly do n't think sdp or hdz running the government means anything as the people say it 's the same shit . 
  and they 're right if you compare the their economics policies they 're spot on . 
  my big problem is none of the parties are addressing things like energy independence , we need more damn power plants , we need more development of continental croatia we 're seriously lagging behind i know this is from 2008 but now it 's even worse !, 
  https://cronomy.files.wordpress.com/2008/02/1bdp.png we need a better eu funds management and education about the funds , they 're getting hugely under utilized and heavy corrupted , like for example you ca n't sell your solar power to utitilies if you do n't have a d.o.o or an obrt !, 
  our agriculture and animal productions are also really crap these things need reforms . 
  our huge public sector needs cuts and our science investment and rnd funds need to go considerably up . 
  we among the eu nations spend the least on science per % of gdp !, 
  science is what drives economies look at south korea , taiwan , japan , finland , sweden , germany they 're all heavy based on science industries . 
  carl zeiss lenses in mobile phones , gorrila glass on phones , semiconductor tech in the east . 
  they 're all making products no one else can . 
  we have a booming software industry here in osijek . 
  i know is kind of small on the global scale but it 's making jobs and highly educated people .
