  get women more interested in it . 
  do n't employ them because they 're a certain gender , race or sexual orientation . 
  merit and hard work above all else . 
  muslim immigrants should integrate or get the fuck out . 
  wan na have little turkey with it 's own laws that is used instead of the countries law ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjsydvvsqpm i 'm sick and tired of this bullshit . 
  i 'm pro social spending but also pro military spending the eu needs an army we also need free healthcare and good flexible systems that will deal with the impending automation shift . 
  more and more people will be replaced by machines . 
  wan na call me alt right ? 
  go ahead call me that if you will . 
  i do n't see how 2 % of gdp on defence is bad . 
  well actually if you look at it for from this perspective we 're really damn cost efficient because for half the budget of the us we get all these types of airplanes and tanks . 
  the thing is when you a mishmash of units like that it 's not really easy to repair or maintain, 
  someone uses memes i do n't like . 
  alt right nazi propaganda !, 
  tell me when is it going to be enough ? 
  https://i.imgur.com/jhq5kiu.jpg when we get a 3rd column ? 
  why can japan and australia be selective about immigration and border and visas but europe must be ultra extreme left open borders for everyone . 
  and then we get this shit . 
  yeah , you guys have the repair men for these , but like almost no home split systems . 
  but yeah your ground heat pumps can run in reverse probably . 
  but basically what i 'm seeing of the the last 10 years is that more and more slovakia and up countries are getting acs because summers are more or less starting to be +30 \u00b0 c, 
  i remember when my german and czech friends never considered acs . 
  and you can really see it there very few or literally no ac repair services or installations . 
  and if there is they charge extreme prices like 4 ~ 6 times what they do here . 
  and the ac prices are also sky high . 
  i lived in the czech republic and the guy since he visit croatia often literally bought an ac here since they 're about 200 $ cheaper . 
  and drove a guy that installs them to cz and he did it there . 
  i imagine in germany it 's even more expensive . 
  one of my online friends got a small portable ac that you sort of stick the vent out of the window because he could n't find an ac repair services in his city that did n't cost some ridiculous amount . 
  the joke here is they 're the most environmentally friendly . 
  yet they benefit by far the most from global warming, 
  thats the point . 
  hilariously enough . 
  say it with me . 
  well depends . 
  not all poles or lithuanians are good . 
  croatian and serbian diaspora is notoriously nationalist . 
  this . 
  but theres no better word for it, 
  but i do hate economic migrants . 
  agrokor went kaput . 
  slovenia is free . 
  yes, 
  true !, 
  well it would be the same if eu broke up . 
  yugoslavia had it 's benefits and a lot of businesses died because of souring relationships . 
  for 10 years croatians and serbs did n't buy each-others products . 
  companies suddenly found themselves in a situation where they could only serve 30 % of what they could before in some cases more in some less . 
  unified trading made for a better economic situation . 
  my city is a perfect example . 
  not only did the companies get shelled literally by artillery , they suddenly had the whole of serbia and half of bosnia cut off as a market and on top of that western companies came sprinting to a new market to dominate . 
  needless to say about 70 % of industry died in 10 years . 
  my city was one of the most industrialized in the whole of yugoslavia . 
  in 1991 we had 129,792 citizens , in 2011 it 's 108.048 and 16 % drop over 20 years and i 'm pretty sure in 2021 it 's going to be a 11 % drop again . 
  i believe we already sub 100k today . 
  and third of that renewable energy is from biomass . 
  because ecologically minded people are huge hypocrites that are afraid of nuclear over say coal , yet coal power plants spews thousands of radioactive particles all around the world and make acid rains . 
  yet clean , safe , new iv generation nuclear is stuck with red tape to moon and back . 
  people refuse them and whats worse it 's also overtaxed and subsidized too . 
  goverments focus very little funding on it yet it is by far the most cost effective and fastest solution to the global warming crisis we 're in . 
  so every time i see a country `` quit nuclear '' it sets more presedents for more countries specially developing ones to go coal over nuclear . 
  here whats going happen . 
  you set a date , you decommission your nuclears like germany and then you switch to coal because thats easy to make and cheap . 
  then you say we 're going to improve !, 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/ff/power-generation-germany_2016.png and then you keep posting bullshit news articles like the country produced all 80 % of their energy needs form renewable sources for one day in the middle of summer on a windy day !, 
  nice news headlines , too bad it 's still ignores the fact that you still get 52 % of your electricity from non-renewable sources and 60 % of it by burning stuff to generate heat that produces co2 . 
  so yeah germany replaced it 's nuclear plants with coal that shoot out about 100 times more radiation , produce an infinite number of times more co2 . 
  you can invoke whatever you will if the us does n't respond nato is just the eu . 
  in recent times i really doubt nato would actually react as it should if russia attacked them . 
  especially since it 's not going to be a direct attack but a subversive one just like in ukraine, 
  thats some nice plasma stream . 
  wew lad you must have watched a lot of cn because i can list you a lot . 
  the most obvious one by 4 bilion kilometers is dexter 's laboratory you really think i did n't dreaming of having a secret science laboratory in my house ?!, 
  after that we had some hit and misses but theres time squad , codename : kids next door ( had all kinds of `` kid science '' ) , megas xlr they maintained a mecha , then theres batman and dark wing duck and tons of other cartoons . 
  hell even the dad from powerpuff girls was a scientst and mojo jojo was also one . 
  the scientist/smartman warrior is a pretty common trope in western cartoons from donatello in tnmt to batman . 
  and if it 's not the heroes it 's the villains like dr.freeze or dr.octopus or dr.doom or mandark etc. ... 
  so if you were even a little interested in science this sure made it appeal to you more as a kid . 
  now personally i think at a young age certain people are simply more interested in the world . 
  but there no doubt that females have a huge issue with stem roles and making it cool . 
  very few girls are going to go into stem because for the first 10 or so years of their life if they do stemish things it 's seen as boyish in the west . 
  almost all of their role models are fancy social jobs with the exception of nurses and veterinarians . 
  now while barbie has lost a lot of popularity let 's check up on it . 
  http://www.thebarbiecollection.com/shop/career-dolls hmmm , so doctor , veterenarian and game developer . 
  there could be stem but game development requires art , script writing and so on ... and there are the jobs girls will much more likely take compare to coding jobs such as graphical engine development , network codeing , gameplay coding . 
  let 's check blizzards website for open jobs and who they want . 
  https://careers.blizzard.com/en-us/ https://puu.sh/vs8g9/b8f4eb12c6.jpg pretty sure females are going to go into art , design , marketing , communcations . 
  i bet 95 % of the applicants for https://careers.blizzard.com/en-us/disciplines/engineering-technology are indeed male . 
  what is this hitler 101 ? 
  now far too many times have i seen this countries cuisine and that countries cuisine some overly complicated dishes maybe people made when they had the time to do it . 
  but today everyone in a hurry somewhere so i doubt many people take the time to make everyday complicated foods . 
  so basically what i 'm asking is what do you usually eat daily . 
  what you yourself make . 
  i do n't mean oh i went and got stuff from the bakery or restaurant or mcdolands whatever . 
  i think my most common meal would be chicken breast with rice or potatoes ( mashed or frenchfries or whatever ) i do prepare a big pot of soup every sunday that cooks for a few hours and then i have soup every lunch for the next week . 
  usually i just buy some simple meats or vegetables to make a stew . 
  let it cook . 
  done . 
  * i eat pasta with fresh cheese .
