  my friends who works at police force was interviewing them a few days ago for registration . 
  he could n't get the guys date of birth . 
  so he took a farsi pamphlet to show this guy what he means . 
  the guy said he was born in 18 . 
  radjab 1405 and naturally my friend was at first confused as fuck . 
  but then he remembered that they used a different calendar . 
  i think they 'll have a hellova lot on their hands adapting . 
  especially the ones for afgansitan and the like . 
  said mirko as he watched trump get elected . 
  i told you about this . 
  i told you we needed it . 
  but no let 's rely on murica ... the eu army will be literally hitler etc. . . 
  it 's gon na happen now . 
   if we ca n't ` repair ' a nuclear war we ca n't live on mars . 
  i know science is hard to grasp but these is just silly . 
   mars will be faced with the outfall of a nuclear war right from the start , lethal radiation all over from which you will need to shield permament residents . 
  okay first , why is mars going to suffer radation from a earth nuclear war ? 
  second , you do know mars has little to no magnetosphere so you are going to have to build settlements with heavy radiation in mind . 
  a silly picture but here so you sort of get a feel how weak it is . 
   not in europe . 
  what is the free market . 
  you food would change , but it would n't simply go away . 
   if we really can make mars livable , there would be no reason to leave earth , because whatever would happen to earth , we can repair it more easily than building it on mars . 
  i 'm pretty sure we ca n't repair say a nuclear war . 
  meanwhile a mars colony while affected would be spared the horrors of that and would probably overtake earth in terms of technology over the centuries it takes earth to recover . 
   food is more important than space , and you 're still under assumption that we should be paying this . 
  better to take it from the cohesional funds . 
  these are subsidies . 
  food would very much exist without them , this is nothing but a social measure not to ruin small and medium farmers . 
   survival of our species is n't based on space . 
  thousands of years from now it is . 
  100 % based on space . 
   a mars colony would be completely dependent on earth . 
  maybe the first 50 years . 
  3d printing and mining would solve that pretty fast . 
   mining a comet sounds like a nice hollywood movie , until you realize the composition of comets are practically equal to the composition of the earth crust . 
  i 'm afraid it 's not http://www.space.com/30074-trillion-dollar-asteroid-2011-uw158-earth-flyby.html you see most of the platinum group metals on earth are indeed on it because of asteroids that crashed . 
  most of them sank into the core and the mantle stuff is from space . 
   because the earth was molten when it was just formed , almost all of the gold present on earth sank into the core . 
  most of the gold that is present today in the earth 's crust and mantle is thought to have been delivered to earth later , by asteroid impacts during the late heavy bombardment http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v477/n7363/full/nature10399.html, 
  well space is oddly connected to all of them . 
  small modular nuclear reactors are kind of a space propulsion thing . 
  solar arrays are also a space thing . 
  medicines are also a space thing . 
  how about the eu does n't subsidies farmers are much and that buget goes to esa . 
  the esa buget right now is 5.25 billion eur , the european union spends around $ 59 billion a year on farm subsidies . 
  so it would only increase 10 fold and become the largest space buget on the planet . 
  for comparison the russian space budget for the period of 2016 through 2025 will be cut from about $ 29 billion to about $ 20 billion . 
  by way of comparison , nasa will enjoy a $ 19.3 billion budget in fiscal year 2016 alone . 
  or russia = 18 billion euro usa = 17.5 billion euro . 
  and i ca n't help but wonder why the us is n't spending 10 times as much . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_nasa why people ca n't see that the survival of our species takes precedence over a lot of other useless shit is beyond me . 
  well some dooms day scenarios come to mind that probably could be averted with a higher space presence such as asteroids and comets . 
  theres also the general survival if say earth gets somehow fucked by a war or something . 
  i 'd be nice to have humans on mars . 
  naturally theres also natural resources that will run out and we will have to mine space . 
  well as far as i know from neil degrass ( or whatever the middle part is ) tyson not even a cent is spent on nasa per tax dollar . 
  not even 1 % of gdp ... what a world ... 
  and now serbia is literally encircled, 
  nah it 's like i hear a jumble of words , and then i hear something that i clearly understand like 100 % then some words that just sound weird and then again a jumble . 
  also accurate portrayal how polish sounds to me . 
  i 'm from slavonia and it 's \u0160kare or old people sometimes say makaze . 
  they sound russian to me but they 're probably not ... just read the one you linked . 
  i can understand it well i 'd say 99 % it 's really surprising . 
  you mean slovio ? 
  heres how it would sound in croatian . 
  i literally understood 100 % except `` tper '' at the end but i can logically assume it means `` now '' . 
  reading slovio really is like , you know these english tests where they jumble up the text . 
  this is how slovio looks to a slavic speaker . 
  i cnduo ' t bvleiee taht i culod aulaclty uesdtannrd waht i was rdnaieg . 
  unisg the icndeblire pweor of the hmuan mnid , aocdcrnig to rseecrah at cmabrigde uinervtisy , it dseno ' t mttaer in waht oderr the lterets in a wrod are , the olny irpoamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rhgit pclae . 
  the rset can be a taotl mses and you can sitll raed it whoutit a pboerlm . 
  tihs is bucseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey ltteer by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . 
  yaeh and i awlyas tghhuot slelinpg was ipmorantt !, 
  see if yuor fdreins can raed tihs too . 
  wow ... 
  i always feel like slovak is like croatian czech with letters missing . 
  say \u010fakujem is just d\u011bkujem but the \u011b makes it sound softer to me . 
  and in everday stuff like dovidenia thats the same in croatia dovi\u0111enja but in czech it 's na shledanou ... 
  but i guess it does maybe sound softer with stuff like t with a thingy ... 
  well thats what it 's written there . 
  no idea why it 's like that it 's perfectly normal in croatian . 
  so you 'd say czech is hard and slovak is soft ? 
  or the opposite ? 
  quite close !, 
  got one here too in my city . 
  it looks just as desolate . 
  it was on one or two movies and then people told them thats fucking retarded and you are insulting us . 
  the linguistical institute in \u010cajni\u010di confirmed we need dictionaries to understand each other . 
  communism . 
  slovakian to me as a croatian/czech speaking literally sound like you got a croat in his 40 to learn czech . 
  it has the croatian pronunciation yet it 's czech words . 
  czechs is sort of soft and mellow sounding . 
  slovak is more commanding and hard like croatian . 
  the reason you do n't understand a lot of slovak is simple it 's the vocabulary . 
  take the word \u0160kare aka scissors . 
  we mostly use these two in our daily language \u0160kare or makaze ( serbian ) yet kajkavian uses no\u017eice too . 
  so in slovak it 's no\u017enice . 
  in czech it 's already diffferent it 's n\u016f\u017eky . 
  now this makes sense from a world combination standpoint .
