  and then someone decides to ignore a big one . 
  and then we have the situation at hand now . 
  it 's really cultural . 
  i lived in the czech republic and i 've been to germany/austria . 
  like walking down a old street in my city and in germany is literally the same . 
  basically the ww1 buddies of austro-hungary and germany . 
  thats central europe . 
  they literally do . 
  they do work and pay taxes . 
  i really like the idea , it shorter , while more expensive provides like fluchtpunkt said a nice middle ground in terms of price/performance . 
  more cooperation with china is good and it will also provide better trade with russia when things calm down and they eventually will . 
  it 's also a nice backup if oil prices ever go totally crazy , you can run it on electricity and have europe-china shipping . 
  these fucking super technologically advanced hedonists !, 
  has anyone of these policy makers considered how hard it is to stop young males from going were they want to go ? 
  say you sent 5.000 immigrants to slovakia . 
  the local population would be happy as fuck to give them rides to nearby austria and the immigrants would be happy as fuck to get out out of slovakia and into sweden or germany . 
  and yes austria obviously is n't good enough for them . 
  remember that bavarian that send the bus to berlin it never arrived . 
  so they asked one immigrants a young 2x so what now . 
  i 'm really sad i did n't make it he said . 
  it 's boring around here . 
  i wish i went to dusseldorf where my cousin is there i 'd have a job and i could have fun . 
  there is most certainly an irony here . 
  http://puu.sh/mwmzy/1380a75133.png two utterly defeated countries with ruined economies but with an incredibly skilled and educated workforce . 
  both built on the sense that they are superior in race to their neighbors . 
  both committed horrible massacres and atrocities because of the feeling that their enemy was subhuman . 
  animals to be slaughtered . 
  one after the war still defeated clung to the notion that they are indeed best and never let anyone else really settle in . 
  one after being defeated said we will welcome others and tried their best to be inclusive and as multicultural as possible . 
  trying to redeem for their fathers mistakes . 
  both nations prospered , both became economic leaders in their regions achieving more through peace then was ever done with war . 
  both nations were so horribly focused on work their birthrates drooped like stones in water . 
  both nations indeed saw the doom looming with the birthrates drooping and decided to get some foreign help . 
  japan had a very interesting experience in this area . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brazilians_in_japan japanese nationals returning from brazil were treated as foreigners by the native population . 
  the japanese to this day could be considered nazi tier xenophobes . 
  menwhile germany went the other route and pretty much welcomed everyone and we 're all reading the news now . 
  oddly enough maybe because enough time has n't passed both countries seem be more or less equal in growth and gdp per capita . 
  so no one can say yet what system has failed and what has n't . 
  japan certainly is in a big recession right now as can be seen by gdp per capita statistic on google . 
  yet thats more about the death of japanese electronics industry then the type of immigrants and such ... 
  every western and asian country thats high hdi as far as i know has laws that give gender equal pay . 
  i know it 's really hard to admit for some people but genders are indeed different and females when in absolute freedom , perfect peace and prosperity will still drift towards empathetic jobs such as doctors , nurses , teachers , social workers and so on ... 
  very few females want to become programmers , engineers , construction workers and so on ... 
  i would know my computer engineering university classes were at a ratio of 35 males to 1 female . 
  now personal anecdote to prove i 'm right that totally wo n't . 
  but hey got ta type something ... 
  i very rarely meet competitive females , i do meet some that claim to be competitive but until a certain point . 
  males tend to pursue goals with much more dedication . 
  it can clearly be seen say in video games . 
  even in korea were video games are totally culturally accepted , e-sports players idolized to the point of regularly appearing on national tv it 's hard to find females in the top leagues . 
  males also tend to be distracted by these pleasures a lot more . 
  females in recent years everywhere and statistics can prove it are at the top of the academic chain . 
  they score better in almost everything in school . 
  they take school very seriously . 
  but for some reason after school when the guiding hand of the institutions are gone and they 're thrown out in the world to take risks and to put it bluntly `` do shit '' they seem to be having a much harder time then males . 
  the problem is n't the religion of islam . 
  it 's like any other religion okay it 's not but it 's the fact that these guys are coming from a culture were no secularism exists or they do n't think it should exist / it has disappointed them . 
  going from being married because your father traded a goat for the wife to having 700 $ free money a day is quite the culture shock . 
  and then being confronted with western liberated females who you hear via rumors are whores does n't help . 
  honestly immigrantion should be done like in canada , it should all be registered , by applying to the asylum the people should learn a summary of the countries history , how it became secular , why , the womans right movement all of that , that the countries law is above religion and religious practices . 
  the worst thing these guys do is this . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm they create cultural enclaves that do n't assimilate , use their own rules and basically ignore the state . 
  legal matters are settled without the enclave , religion is handled by the enclave and no one has any control over anything . 
  and by no one i mean the authorities . 
  these are for the lack of a better world amish . 
  except they use technology and everything . 
  yet ignore the society they live in . 
  honestly i do it like this too . 
  and i see it here in croatia on tram stations a lot . 
  yeah we 're already there . 
  but we 're sending troops . 
  but i do n't see how we could transport a small tank that fires 130 km range missiles . 
  i guess it 's going to work like this . 
  we buy missiles from the us the us transports them here and then when they attack some 3rd world again because they 're not making enough money they 'll be kind enough to offer us a lift on their airplanes . 
  so we can fire our defensive missles that we bought for defense against you know us enemies or whatever . 
  to be honest i feel the same about our side . 
  do we really need mrls why waste money on it who are we going to attack now that we 're in nato and who is going to attack us ... ? 
  i 'm sure norway and sweden are you know deploying overwhelming forces everywhere ... czechrepublic and the slovak republic also very deploying . 
  please . 
  dude i got a grenade impact in my roof , two in my yard . 
  all my windows on the yard side were broken some windows unhinged , my building plastered with fragmentation of the shells . 
  i cowered daily in the basement with my grandmother and mother when air raid sirens were going off . 
  my mother walked out of a tram 1 stop before they hit it . 
  and i have nothing against serbs . 
  you got a problem mate . 
  what we need is peace and economic growth not nationalism and rearming . 
  this is n't a response to nato doing anything . 
  it 's to croatia buying useless balistic missles . 
  okay i mean yeah we 're technically nato but still ... 
  theres a thing people say here in the balkans `` kad ce te prestat zajebavat ovaj napacen narod '' when are you going to stop fucking around with ( our ) these tortured people . 
  if you already have to throw money away on military you 're never ever going to use how about buying some transport helicopters or transport airplanes so you can rescue people from floods , mountains , the sea , medical emergencies you know useful stuff . 
  maybe even say amphibious transports for floods or sea based rescure operations . 
  no let 's buy fucking rockets and fighter jets so we can dick around and show how stronk we are . 
  fuck the potholes in the roads , the ancient communist power infrastructure the fact that 32.1 % of croatias electricity is imported . 
  yeah fuck that let 's just buy useless fucking munitions that still stand there and do nothing and then maybe in 40 years after they 're literally useless we can sell them to some african country . 
  heres the thing . 
  if you get to the moon you get to reshape a shitload of existing material and water . 
  menwhile there nothing in space and then you need to send shit there . 
  croatia it 's formed .
