  they see the good life in germany , sweeden , how well the v4 group and the baltics developed from the former soviet rule and you get angry , mad . 
  the knowledge that you 're not in the same boat together with them riding the post communist gdp explosion . 
  and i totally understand this . 
  i look at your salaries , i look at my salaries . 
  sure the living expenses are higher in germany you could live like a king in bulgaria with a germany salary but the problem is things like cars , electronics , furniture they all cost the same . 
  so a german can easily afford a new car and switch every 5 years to a new one . 
  while a bulgarian can afford that same car 10 years later . 
  i love electronics for example . 
  i 'd buy a new pc every year if i could but my pc is 8 years old now . 
  i ca n't get a new one . 
  and then i have a swedish friend i 'm playing dota 2 with spending 200 $ on dota 2 items in one week . 
  he worked as a janitor for 1 month part time like for 4 hours 3 day a week and got 500 $ . 
  this 500 $ buys him the same games , electronics and whatnot as me . 
  it 's so frustrating i ca n't even begin ... 
  it 's noice to see for a change that our government made a sensible decision back in 2009 when they saw what russia and ukraine were doing and said nope no more russian gas . 
  do n't worry we got time machines, 
  or a highly adaptable computer begin able to function without all these . 
  it 's not like these drones need to walk , autopilot has been around for 50 years ... and with modern computers i do n't see how they ca n't be made at least somewhat independent in the case of a jam . 
  from all the documentation i can read he gave certain ideas but never actually designed any airplanes at all . 
   this led to the highly successful f-16 that sprey greatly influenced [ dubious -- discuss ] . 
  he also wrote the initial requirements for the a-x program that became the a-10 and optimized its safety features . 
  see the [ dubious -- discuss ] tag . 
  so far this guy when you dig deeper seems to be a lot of smoke and not a lot of well fire . 
  as in he did n't actually do much but he sure like to exaggerate the things he did . 
  dani said that his unit has had annual reunions on every march 27 since 1999 when a cake in the shape of the f-117 is served . 
  but muh close ground support needs to say in the air !, 
  meanwhile drones that stay in the air 100 hours with hellfire missiles are doing todays ground support . 
  i 'm criticizing the man , the plane is over budget and bloated , probably tons of corrupt people involved in it 's development process sure , but old senile person that thinks technology is bad and glorious dog fighting should still be a thing is n't sane or credible . 
  i 'm criticizing him not the f-35 that things overbloated sure but i 'd also dare say it 's not as bad as everyone makes it out to be . 
  yet some would call him outdated and say that dog-fighting in todays conflicts is as good as dead . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fighter_mafia  although sprey often portrays himself as a `` principal designer '' of the f-16 , the actual plane that entered service included the long-range missiles , sensors and multi-role capability that he continues to criticize today . 
  [ 4 ] interestingly , the fighter mafia can be considered presently active , as sprey has become an often-cited critic of the f-35 , including using comparisons of the accident rates of the early f-16 design that most strongly felt his design influence to argue that the f-35 ought to be equally unsafe . 
  wait for the next elections hes already pissing at his people . 
  i doubt he 'll win again . 
  fucking americans bombing my beaches with bitches . 
  thats some serious rock right there . 
  debt heil !, 
  thanks obama i mean google . 
  have a happy i hope we do n't get conquered by russians in a few years day !, 
  happy independence day lithuania !, 
  muh bread basked of austro hungary, 
  wow what the fuck we got 27 % tax on pretty much everything yet only 26.6 % of our gdp is taxes ? 
  the fuck . 
  it 's like eu4 except a lot less interesting, 
  the fact that it only says pap and nothing else . 
  how does one get shorten digital agenda for europe a europe 2020 initiative from the european commission to pap ? 
  got the whole list ? 
  i love when they type source : pap that sure fucking helped ... 
  esti offically not scandi . 
  do n't you need like 70 % to do that ? 
  can you really change the constitution with 50 % ? 
  i voted for most they were the good guys . 
  man that turned to shit fast . 
  you mean like they 're now in a european union ? 
  wow dude you just overplayed a filipino 3 times !, 
  they work for 200 $ not 600 $, 
  i do n't think so bub http://puu.sh/ouwkc/1199ad8c6b.png, 
  i 'm so tired i read that as  denmark , norway , sweden and northern germany form the isis, 
  hopefully this will spread around the balkans !, 
  czechsout, 
  in the balkans when the economy shit . 
  politicans do everything they can to mask it with bread and games . 
  croatians argument . 
  `` we 're butthurt '' wow did n't work with slovenia no wonder it wo n't work ... 
  got ta add some fire to the ww2 flames ca n't the old issues let die nope nope . 
  low wages , unemployment through the roof ? 
  better mention ww2 so people forget they live in a shithole . 
  in other countries they 're raiding the offices of the guys in the papers . 
  fucking finally . 
  so what refugees are we talking about here ? 
  afgans ? 
  i mean there has n't been that many ways in 15 years . 
  well i spoke czech before i spoke croatian so speaking nothing helps too, 
  live in the czech republic and still know some croats there . 
  nobody minded living next to us , then again we spoke czech pretty well . 
  takes like a year at max to learn it if you 're an adult . 
  yeah thats one more thing i ca n't imagine . 
  i have clothes from like 7 years back that i wear today ... 
  this really . 
  i exclusivly use my washing machine and my dishwasher when it 's night and it 's cheap electricity . 
  and honestly it has a right to it . 
  this wow known money launder launders money . 
  shocking . 
  stellaris comes out fuck yeah, 
  most people do n't live in capitals . 
  well germans are all accepting multi culturalist , they 're just going to have to deal with my croatian culture . 
  http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=italy&amp;country2=poland&amp;city1=parma&amp;city2=wroclaw&amp;tracking=getdispatchcomparison you 'd be surprised at how much it 's not that different . 
  croatia , bulgaria , slovakia , czechia and so on ... average pay below 750 $, 
  wait since when do i have to tip anyone in germany ? 
  well thats why we will make germany great anew !, 
  obviously the whole conquering poland thing did n't work the last 1500 years . 
  no you need to build a wall with poland and poland pays for it . 
  well to be honest if eu switched to a cashless society there be a real problem for crime syndicates if every cent could be tracked . 
  remember most of these ak-47 and shit were bought from the italian mafia that bought them out of former yugoslavia, 
  i 'd say this is the main reason . 
  the prices in serbia compared to hungary and croatia are ridiculously low . 
  vegeta a very popular brand of spice mixes ( made in croatia btw ) costs 6.65 $ per kilo in croatia menwhile in serbia it 's 3.5 $ serbia : http://online.idea.rs/#!/products/60002078/vegeta-1-kg-kesa-podravka croatia : https://www.konzum.hr/klik/#!/products/50011316/vegeta-vrecica-1-kg this is the same guy owning both supermarkets . 
  i bet lesbians call it the `` dream train '' or something, 
  well japan does it too . 
  just sayan,
