  it was pretty easy to pick up since i played the game 24/7 . 
  too bad it took me only a week to get that the game is shit . 
  also all slavic languages have too many cases . 
  i speak english , german , czech and croatian . 
  can understand quite a bit of polish and russian . 
  and they all have it . 
  every one of them . 
  honestly english is by far the easiest to learn maybe it 's because everything is in english . 
  german too honestly was n't a problem but thats maybe because i pretty much spoke it fluently at like 5 just like czech and croatian . 
  english is really the only language i `` learned '' in a traditional sense . 
  the others i just absorbed . 
  not at all . 
  we produce nothing of value culturally so our language does n't really need to be learned . 
  and from little what we do produce you can just sub that . 
  menwhile every movie or tv series thats good is in english . 
  be in from the us/uk/canada / australia . 
  german tv maybe has like 10 good tv series and a few good movies . 
  i speak german but honestly i learned to speak it because i watched anime on rtl 2/vox/pro7 and american cartoons and tv series like stargate/star trek on super rtl/sat1/pro7 etc. . . my main issue right now is that i do n't speak japanese since i love anime and games . 
  and my future problem is that i do n't speak korean and chinese since these two countries will probably produce a lot of good stuff in the future . 
  korea already is with mmos ... 
  http://www.croatiantimes.com/index.php?id=1119 yeah this is the usual . 
  the film festival was fun . 
  i loved to the vinohradsk\u00e1 ulice nice restaurans and it was hella fun to just walk there . 
  my father was a tenis trainer so he worked at the courts i spent tons of times there . 
  now it 's all cool and renovated . 
  used to be pretty different . 
  edit : i loved this pizzeria called milano . 
  it used to be located here . 
  https://www.google.com/maps/@49.068824,17.463278,3a,75y,279.92h,79.82t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1srnly3wt9cfzwu2zdtdzlhq!2e0 now it 's vietnamese shops :( at least ru\u017eena still works https://www.google.com/maps/@49.06953,17.46257,3a,75y,310.64h,89.97t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1snlr7zahqu5eckb0vxsmnua!2e0 also holy hell what is that thing to the right of it . 
  huge building with tons of shops . 
  that was n't there when i lived there . 
  https://www.google.com/maps/@49.074325,17.47333,3a,68y,111.65h,89.69t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1srqlrclxawhvxn-qegv0qna!2e0 this also changed a lot . 
  i remember the squash tennis thing being in planing then construction and it was constructed just as i left . 
  where it was used to be a huge grassland where people would play football and after that some people had gardens there with ryb\u00edz ( meruzalka ) and other fruits . 
  ah my childhood there was nice . 
  i love the floods too when they came . 
  we got food delivered by boat . 
  and afterwards everything was full of dead slimes and worms . 
  was fun to walk around in . 
  stank like hell ... 
  since i lived in uhersk\u00e9 hradi\u0161t\u011b i 'm biased as fuck . 
  but my people see you as the tourist that die the most in croatia if that means anything ? 
  kudos for using vegeta you 're literally feeding us , 
  you must have never watched deep space nine . 
  man shit is pretty much the same shit all around the balkans ... 
  did any of you guys try this out ? 
  most of the things that had a 2 year warranty usually help up to their standards . 
  the only thing i basically had to send to warranty in my last 5 years was my pc 's graphical card . 
  everything else stood the test of time both my samsung lcd tvs are like 4 + years old . 
  my galaxy s2 3 years old . 
  so i really have n't had anything break ... 
  all i 'm saying is the us is and was braking laws left and right . 
  does n't get punished for it the slightest bit by anyone . 
  meanwhile russia does something . 
  well actually russia is n't getting punished at all ... 
  so i guess this is all pointless . 
  all we can do is complain here . 
  europe is n't doing anything . 
  just a reminder : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legality_of_the_iraq_war the then united nations secretary-general kofi annan said in september 2004 that : `` from our point of view and the un charter point of view , it [ the war ] was illegal . '', 
  i 'm pretty sure as is probably everyone in high ranking position knows that russia is doing this mainly to protect it 's only warm water navy fleet . 
  if the ukraine were to ever join nato or the eu russia would be fucked militarily . 
  also if you want to go to war we have a perfect casus beli for it in the nato . 
   a pro-western revolution in ukraine . 
  more like pro democracy . 
  the western media keeps spinning the eu/western part they 're just sick and tired of the corruption . 
  they would ally with the devil if it meant an improvement of living standards , economic recovery and decent politicians . 
  the west is just mad because russia can annex territory and they ca n't . 
  honestly i 'm not too mad at the russians . 
  i think they should have the right to annex shit that was theirs for centuries before ww1 and ww2 and pretty much has 90 % russian population . 
  the irony in all of this is russia helped the west in syria . 
  international law was followed and everything was ok . 
  the west broke so many international laws with iraq , libya , afghanistan and so on ... and israel by international law should n't even exst . 
  they break it daily if only in israel . 
  so it 's really silly how americans are shouting you 're breaking the law . 
  but when they do it it 's because `` they need to stop a dictator he has wmds '' or `` prevent a humanitarian crisis '' bal bla all that rhetoric . 
  basically when it suits them because they have the economy and the weapons to back up their rethoric hell western media can also be the strongest propaganda in the world . 
  be it true or not . 
  when russia does the same . 
  says it wants to protect it 's people from a corrupt ukrainian government , bam it 's against the law . 
  i 'm not saying what they 're doing is okay . 
  i 'm 100 % sure that crimean president and all of them there are corrupt as fuck people tied to some mafia or gangs that got into power because putin felt like it but damn . 
  it 's so silly to hear the west complain about it like this when they did even worse things like a few years ago . 
  how many arab countries were bombed to the stone age and set back 10 or 20 years economically and socially . 
  well to bad no one can do squat about it . 
  so you 're telling me i can go to some shop in croatia and let 's say i have a warranty on something thats only 1 year . 
  i can no after 1 year go there and say . 
  says here you need to have a minimum of 2 years ? 
  is n't this from from june 13th 2014 , there will be new rules on consumer rights across the eu . 
  learn more about your new rights and other changes ? 
  so in 4 months it 's mandatory ? 
  we had it . 
  i barely dodged it by 1 year before it was abolished . 
  i 'm really glad . 
  people told me it was generally boring and too much hard work and basically it wasted your time . 
  i can see the point of it from a wide view but personally i never felt anything for my country in particular since i lived in other countries and they 're not just as good as mine they 're usually better ... maybe if it was some eu military with nice quarters , cutting edge technology and such . 
  i 'm studying to be an computer engineer . 
  maybe i 'd be more fun repairing things and such . 
  not cut out for a front line meat bag . 
  any pictures ? 
  ahaaa sort of the eu has recommended we not sell stock of out oil/gas industry ina to gasprom following the ukraine thing .
