  i tend to ask them straight . 
  but , you seem like a level-headed croat so i 'll leave you alone . 
   i hope you can see my point and why we decided to make this letter . 
  to keep a troll away from a moderators table ? 
  sure . 
  a troll is a troll no matter what banner they put up . 
  i hope we take this stance against all moderators who may degrade the content of / r/europe or make it a less friendly place . 
  i 'm still not convinced he 'd be a bad moderator . 
  i too sometimes feel like winding people up and post trolly comments but i would n't bring that to a moderator position . 
  and since i have n't seen his post history ( i do n't care enough to look ) i ca n't judge . 
  i 'm glad you succeeded and i 'll have to trust your judgement . 
  i 'm not that passionate about it so i wo n't complain either way . 
  i love the irony of this thread ... crna ruka having europe up in arms . 
  mods , well done , you 've given me a good laugh today !, 
   if you ca n't understand why a person who celebrates war criminals should n't moderate a place like / r/europe i really ca n't help you . 
  he 's not disagreeing with you there . 
  he 's just saying that you 've had your own criminals whom you celebrate . 
  but he does n't know you and you do n't know him and neither of you know me so let 's leave it . 
  / u/crnaruka probably should n't mod but having that username ( not necessarily the person ) in the mod list would be kind of funny ... 
  in fact , i find this whole thread hilarious since a crna ruka has europe in such an uproar . 
  please tell me you see the irony in this ? 
  i 'm just curious ... what 's your view on gotovina , hero or zero ? 
  and all the while we were worried croatia wanted srem ... our aspirations for greater serbia are deemed outrageous and yet a greater albania is deemed ok . 
  i do n't like the dual standards being applied to different actors on this ridiculous stage . 
  i 'm quite sick of everyone saying how greater serbia is so bad . 
  the borders drawn by tito were completely arbitrary . 
  what should have happened is that each region should have gotten a vote on which country they wished to belong to and settle it peacefully . 
  [ the serbs in croatia in particular had something to worry about ... ] ( http://readersupportednews.org/pm-section/78-78/20972-bob-dylan-serbians-croatians-and-the-ustase ) . 
  do n't think that we 've forgotten or ever will . 
  i also do n't expect the bosniaks to forget either . 
  we have a very good memory here in the balkans . 
  austria did rule over croatia and croatia joined them willingly . 
  they like being puppets for the victorious side . 
  they always pick the winning side . 
  in wwi they were with austria until things turned against austria . 
  in wwii they joined germany under the ustashe and when germany started losing they joined back with yugoslavia until it no longer suited them . 
  they are the lapdog of the victor and have a knack for picking the winning side always getting out unscathed . 
  you have to admire that about them . 
  they know how to bow down . 
  he probably does have a whole load on his hands though ... 
  that would n't be as taxing . 
  i think homer would n't allow flanders to be annexed ... or would he ? 
   we have never invaded or started a war as a country in our entire history . . 
  i was going to go back to what i said earlier . 
  i would open the question of borders more freely to the different regions . 
  those regions in serbia that wish to join albania should be allowed to do so , the regions of kosovo that wish to remain in serbia ( i.e. 
  mitrovica ) should be allowed to do so , the regions of bosnia that wish to join serbia or croatia should be allowed to do so ... why do n't we just redraw the borders this once and keep everyone happy ? 
  keeping the status quo seems more dangerous to me . 
  we serbs are not the evil expansionists you claim us to be . 
  sure it would be nice to have a big country but we are not dumb enough to keep those who do n't like us within our borders . 
  that 's a recipe for terrorism and civil war all over again . 
  we just do n't like the double standards where everyone else is allowed to break serbia apart because their people live here but we are not allowed to have the regions with serbs rejoin serbia . 
  so by all means , if you can , unite with your brethren . 
  it just sucks that we are forbidden from doing the same . 
  edit : and sadly for us to get those regions to rejoin us we must hinder kosovo further and push you down until we can trade you for our own regions . 
  we are sorry about this but we are in a corner and must look after our own . 
  unification would be nice ... 
  it 's a shame we  russia 's bitches ca n't unite . 
  so by all means , if you guys can , go for it . 
  just leave the regions that do n't have albanians in them alone . 
  that 's the part we have a problem with . 
   the albanians have no dreams of world domination or even balkan domination . 
  we just want to be left alone and the way the balkans are currently shaped that 's impossible . 
  so it 's time we correct this century old mistake and reshape it . 
  none of us in the balkans have such dreams . 
  i 'm not as informed in the history of kosovo so i 'll have to leave the comment on who it actually belongs to aside . 
  it is a simple fact that the albanians have the majority in kosovo now . 
  it is also a fact that a lot of serbians who used to live there have had to flee and their property was taken away . 
  i really do n't care if you get kosovo or we do so long as the serbian people can live there in peace but you 've gone out of your way to start a larger quarrel with us . 
  this is not good . 
  neither you nor we are very good at forgiving or forgetting and we both are fond of revenge . 
  all i was trying to say is that this kosovo thing wo n't be over for generations to come and that had you been a little less gun-ho we may have found a better solution . 
  i hope americans are nice to you , you 've picked some interesting masters . 
  i honestly do n't know who fired first but the documentaries i watched ( by bbc ) suggest that the kla shot at regular police officers at first and only then did milosevic respond with the military . 
  can you tell me when this thoughtful discussion was asked for ? 
  thanks again , it 's 3 am here and i need to go to work in the morning so i 'll finish up in around 4 hours and have them on the way . 
  i 'll make sure to get you a pic . 
  hope she likes them !, 
  thanks so much !, 
  i 've written it all up and am going to seal the envelopes in a sec but i wanted to address one to suus . 
  hi suus , i hear that you 're having a tough time with your sister being sick . 
  when i 'm feeling down i find that nature and gardens make me feel better so i 'm sending you a postcard with lots of flowers on it . 
  they are flowers that only grow in new zealand and i hope that you come here some day and see them for yourself . 
  there are some beautiful gardens in christchurch that you must see . 
  i 've written your sister a letter and sent two post cards in it . 
  i was quite silly when i wrote them because i wrote about the birds on the wrong post card and i hope that she does n't get confused . 
  can you help me by helping her read them in the correct order ? 
  regards edit : thanks a lot for the last translation and thanks in advance for this one . 
  [ proof that your effort wo n't go to waste ] ( https://imgur.com/a/gxlrj ) . 
  thanks , i 've written it up . 
  but i just realized that i did n't write anything yet for suus ... 
  damn . 
  i have n't written in a while but it 's time to dust it off . 
  she 'll love mine then , i 've got an old-school wax seal and everything . 
  a lot of you have been doing some good translating so far so can i trouble you for one more ? 
  hi isa , i 've heard about you from some funny people on the internet . 
  they tell me that you like letters and postcards and that you are sick . 
  my mom was sick too but she is ok now and i hope you get better too . 
  i 'm sending you a picture with some birds from a country where i 'm staying . 
  the one in the bottom left is called a kakapo and is a naughty bird .
