  i agree with you . 
  scotland , regardless of the vote , is and will be a valued eu member . 
  of course once independent they might not choose to join the eu but i do n't see why they would n't . 
  / u/argh523 seems to have misunderstood us . 
  what is a government and what gives the right to a majority to control a minority ? 
  i think that our answers to that question differ and so we argue on ... decentralisation of government is a popular buzzword but i think that independence is something that is simply an extension of this . 
  it does not mean that you automatically become enemies and sever ties . 
  you might just want to manage pensions and taxes differently ... 
  but yes , long term strategies to help poor regions will be hindered if all the rich can just separate into independent states so a balance and reason is required with these calls . 
  i intentionally take the naive view here , ignoring the other things that come with nationalistic and separatist agendas like the ones in the old yugoslavia , ( warning : sarcasm follows ) which we all know turned out great ... 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll get flamed for this but i think that europe 's borders are misplaced anyway ... 
  if we are all truly democratic why ca n't the people decide in a sane fashion where they want their borders ? 
  i 'm from vojvodina in serbia and the independence movement is not that strong . 
  they just want better autonomy and independence is one way to get it . 
  they would n't go through with it though ... 
  however , whoever did this got the flag right and i 'm impressed !, 
  in the balkans you have : serbia  vojvodina ( north )  serbia proper ( middle )  kosovo ( south ) * disputed , do n't get into it !, 
  bosnia  ~ ~ west is what i think krajina is ( not sure , croatian 's help !, 
  ) ~ ~ probably republika herceg-bosna ( thanks / u/ilikemoneytoo ) . 
   middle is bosnia proper . 
   east is republca srpska the rest of the balkans i 'm not sure about ... 
  me neither , their name sounds a lot like serbs and even their flag is similar but their language looks different ... 
  i need to study this up !, 
  i do n't see the problem here ... 
  since she 's raised a few things around the office she should be promoted . 
  also , you can use it as lube as well ... 
  thank you !, 
  lol , if you 're satisfied with a low bar ... 
  he 's a shit stirrer and is holding his stirring stick tightly !, 
  though i suspect it might be i should ask if it seems proportional to gdp per capita to others as well ? 
  knowing canadians , the embassy doors are probably unlocked all the time ... 
  and what story should i spread ? 
  enlighten me . 
  i was also born in serbia and did live there but i do n't any more . 
  i have to answer this question over and over again , whenever i meet somebody new . 
  so if you explain it to me , it will help me answer it correctly next time . 
  `` that balkan country that caused all those genocides ? '', 
  is the first question from almost everyone i have ever met . 
  they do n't know anything else about us . 
  so what you 're saying is that polish are just a lot nicer than in other countries ... 
  i 'm moving to poland . 
  what guilt ? 
  did he fight ? 
  how do you know he was old enough to vote ? 
  serbs in bosnia were being shot at , would you have them not shoot back ? 
  i 'm sick of everyone portraying serbia that way . 
  we did n't wake up in the morning and decide `` right lets shoot up a town '' , that does n't `` just happen '' . 
  we should n't have done it , but we were not unprovoked . 
  also , people forget how that croatia was fresh in our minds . 
  we felt that we failed to protect the serbs there and needed to be harsher in bosnia . 
  the serbian refugees from croatia and bosnia are still stuck in cardboard boxes in serbia and have not been able to go back to their homes . 
  if you have ever visited our country you will understand what kind of people we are . 
  those that have n't , please visit and see for yourself before buying into what the news tells you . 
  i 'd say it 's time to move on . 
  we ca n't keep apologizing when it is not `` completely '' our fault . 
  we have received no apologies for their failure to protect serbian citizens of their countries and yet we keep saying sorry . 
  you being rational puts a kink in my emotional arguments ... yeah sure , we 're not that fond of our own politicians anyway . 
  but i 'd rather clean house before we join and i think that a lot of serbians feel the same . 
  i 'd rather not end up in the position of switzerland , being surrounded by the eu , having to adopt a lot of the eu legislation but having no say in its creation ... 
  same with norway and schengen but that 's a different story , and it 's not like they ca n't join so it must suit them but i do n't think a situation like that would suit us . 
  so yeah , we 'll join the eu but we are very skeptical about you lot . 
  do n't think we 'll ever feel like a part of the `` family '' . 
  but it 's not about feelings it 's about business and we can do that just fine . 
  that depends on what you mean by cooperate and share a union . 
  it does n't sound like you want to share with us much anyway ... what you guys want is a neutered and obedient dog , not an equal partner . 
  basically [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2xcnle/serbia_plans_several_military_exercises_with/cozb201 ) sums it up for me ... should be at the top really . 
  personally i would love to give the eu the finger but that would be an emotional response and not a very smart one . 
  we would be far more pro eu and maybe not so pro russia if the 90 's did n't happen the way they did . 
  you do n't get to bomb a country and then be surprised when they do n't consider you their friend . 
  we are out of friends and out of money ( just look at our economy ) so we have to make new friends or we are going to sink . 
  so long as the eu is the most profitable move we will make it , no matter how much pride we have to swallow . 
  if sanctions are profitable we will introduce them . 
  you would be surprised at how capitalistic the `` new serbia '' is ... 
  but do n't for a minute think that we forgot or forgave what you did . 
  does that make us bad at listening ? 
  personally i 'd rather that serbia did n't join at all ... 
  but that 's hardly practical for us these days . 
  you forgot crime and corruption along with drug trafficking . 
  i guess the drugs could explain why / u/confoederationis is so pro albania ... 
  what goes around comes around . 
  the fact that serbia has no choice but to join nato now and yet they destroyed our country over some pretense just makes my stomach turn . 
  ( as it stands nato mostly equals the eu ) ... 
  personally i would give the eu the finger if there was any alternative . 
  and serbia is still . 
  but our prospects are not looking great . 
  these europeans are a vicious bunch !, 
  so what about their issue with our `` law on jurisdiction '' ? 
  is that not bilateral ? 
  yeah , we were clearly told not to talk about it in our weekly plan overlord meeting at the pub !, 
  i like our parties i like our food i love our women ----- i do n't like our economy i do n't like our politicians i do n't like my neighbors but i have to live with them, 
  why do you think they went to sweden ? 
  it 's because he wanted them out . 
  but seriously , we ca n't handle it . 
  we have n't even recovered from the last war . 
  i wonder if google could give us some statistics about the migration of these refugees then ? 
  i mean , if they tracked any of the data they would get an interesting picture of the crisis i 'm sure ... 
  no , they do n't make it out of shit , they make it out of road , clearly !, 
  we 've seen them off , you better show the world how we welcome our champions back home !, 
  nope , i do n't go through peoples comment history .
