there 's 4 girls in that video ... 
  better a racist than a douchebag . 
  the last two things are contradictory ... did you mean `` we like to sell expensive cars '' ? 
  clearly the catholicism :p love the username btw . 
  yeah , as an independent 3rd party , i expect a cake delivery tomorrow and will let you know the decision the moment it arrives !, 
  where girls play and boyz spectate, 
  wait what, 
  ah , well ... 
  i will admit it was a low one . 
  croatians keep calling us ottomans if it makes you feel better . 
  deal !, 
  now you 're invited to rakia and smores too !, 
  i hope that the scottish people choose what they want because there wo n't be second chances . 
  personally , i think independence would be good for them but in the end it is their call . 
  we can just spectate ( * gets popcorn * ) . 
  btw , i 'd say that is actually a kindness . 
  i would respect him if it is unavailable because it is a bias stint which is what it seems like to me ... 
  it is meant for the us audience and could interfere with the vote . 
  however , he is saying all the right things , it 's just the ending which is suggestive !, 
  yeah , we should get them back so we 're no longer landlocked . 
  otherwise , how will we colonize the islands in the mediterranean and the atlantic ? 
  clearly op got it right and new zealand is the best !, 
  nah , we 'll take them back !, 
  we 'll get some rakia ready and they 'll come for smores ... 
  do n't like trolling ? 
  i do , and i use tyranny to oppress them !, 
  you 're probably the only country that never had a conflict with serbia too !, 
  so we are bros !, 
  i thought that the bigotry would be evident . 
  i was trying to troll by alluding to the ottoman heritage ... 
  i 've never heard of these but do n't use me as a benchmark . 
  i 'll have to read this up . 
  serbia 's northern region is claimed to be the most multinational and it surprises me that romanians are being persecuted . 
  i only ever heard that they are a quiet minority ... 
  i need to look this up . 
  yeah , same here . 
  for a long time romanians have been good neighbours to us so i 'd call you brothers . 
  siblings do fight over islands ... :p, 
  not even turkey ? 
   and in every war they either invaded us or did n't want to help us . . 
  i 'm not familiar with any of these . 
  i always thought that we were good neighbours ... do you have any useful links perhaps ? 
  interesting question , i would like to know as well ... 
  legends !, 
   i did n't even notice the flair . 
  i 'm not sure why i felt called out there ... my idea is not based on evidence so i 'm not going to push it too hard . 
  there are many better qualified people who can argue for/against these points . 
  what i wanted to say was that democracy is imperfect and that you ca n't shove ideas down peoples throats . 
  if any `` significant minority '' does n't like an idea then it must be reconsidered . 
  i 'm not condoning separatism by any means , but if a genuine impasse is reached , sometimes it is a good option . 
  in your example of kicevo , i would ask if the 28 % albanian population is happy and has the same rights/oportunities as the 55 % macedonian population . 
  if more than 50 % of the decisions made by the city about daily life actually benefit them there is no reason for them to feel like they do n't belong . 
  but if the majority of the daily decisions the city makes disadvantage them then it is not good for them to stay . 
  now , a lot of the decisions a city will make will benefit both sides , some might disadvantage a certain group , but not always the same group . 
  this is what i was getting at . 
  it is the responsibility of a government to keep its population prosperous and happy . 
  if they fail to do that , separatism will flourish . 
  as for rural vs non-rural areas , i do n't have a solution . 
  i too have seen this and it is endemic of any government that has a significant party system . 
  most votes are gathered by the majority and so the parties tend to focus on the large cities to gather votes . 
  this leaves rural areas unrepresented . 
  this could be solved if the votes were proportional to the amount of land you own but that would be retarded . 
  i think that the irish system of a representative in parliament represents a certain number of people in a particular region is probably the best way to address this issue and yet it still does n't solve it completely . 
  it is a systemic problem and wo n't be solved without major change to the electoral system . 
  no wonder you 're good at water polo !, 
  in the grand scheme of things little . 
  it would just be surprising . 
  a serbian yes and no do n't matter either ... 
  i try and learn but i have n't covered everything yet . 
  you stroke your shaft to some weird shit ... 
  thank you !, 
  i would agree with this and so would most of the serbs . 
  but no , this is too unfair for the western leaders including your own ... can you please run for parliament ? 
  you got our hopes up , lol . 
  then stop telling jokes badboy !, 
  i am sorry i do n't think that came out as i thought it would . 
  neither did the cow . 
   serbia would have probably recognized kosovo by now if they gave up the small northern parts in which serbs live . 
  this would be completely reasonable . 
  the problem that i have is that there is a significant concern for their safety inside of kosovo . 
  it 's not even a large part of kosovo , if they were willing to let them stay in serbia we would be happy to let them have kosovo . 
  ok , so you 're saying that if they did n't interfere things would have turned out the same ? 
  thanks for the link !, 
   if we define a state by its supposed ethnic identity , so many people are left out . 
  why do you assume i mean ethnic divisions ? 
  is it because of the serbian flair ? 
  i do n't really care what ethnicity the people are . 
  the immigrants in a country likely went there because something over there works better than at home . 
  i do n't think that they would want to make their new country a part of their old one by default . 
  they might want to have a relationship with their home country but not necessarily make their new home just like the old one that they left . 
  i 'm talking about a civilized and educated people having a right to choose how they are governed . 
  if the 30 % are heavily disadvantaged by the other 70 % that is not fair . 
  it 's not like 30 % of a country 's population ( ignoring ethnicity ) can move out and find a suitable new home . 
  smaller percentages can migrate to where they would feel better treated so minorities below 2 % i 'm ignoring , since they can likely just move . 
  it is a flawed argument because it is based on the premise that there is no resentment/hatred between the peoples and that a peaceful agreement can be reached . 
  this would have to be respected by the majority . 
  this would not work in ukraine , kosovo or anywhere that has a conflict because of the animosity of the belligerents . 
  however a peaceful split will happen in scotland , should its people choose it . 
  i live abroad . 
  does age matter ?
