  so kosovo 's declaration of independence was declared * legal * by the icj since declaring it has no meaning but the recognition * is illegal * . 
  in my opinion this * is * an issue for other countries . 
  i would also sue them in the icj but i ca n't say that this would get us any closer to the eu , though i feel justice would be served . 
  also , do n't get me wrong , i would * not want * to keep within serbia 's borders any people who do n't want to be there . 
  albanians can go , they can even take some land if they want but they do n't get to take those who want to stay in serbia and make them a minority in a different country . 
  especially a country where they would be in danger of prosecution and prejudice . 
  we are not trying to be dicks here but the eu are not giving us many options . 
  i would argue that this is because the best option has been forbidden by the eu . 
  why not partition and swap territory ? 
  those in kosovo who want to live in serbia join serbia and those in serbia who want to live in kosovo join kosovo . 
  this way everyone can be happy with where they live and not live in fear of the majority . 
  why is the eu so against this ? 
  i never said that it was a war like attack . 
  germany has conquered the world not through war but economy . 
  it 's just that other peoples tend to view this differently , with jealousy , and want their own people to be the puppet-masters . 
  that 's why the russians said no ( at least that 's what i 'm guessing ) . 
  germany is quite strong and that 's something that is both respected and resented sometimes . 
  no , you 're close to what i mean . 
  few in the past have achieved great things without bloodshed . 
  it 's just that today this is not the norm . 
  only when you look back can you tell if something was a good thing and this highly depends on your perspective . 
  if you look at it from the russian point of view , is putin a good thing ? 
  i do n't know so i do n't judge . 
  if he 's bad from all points of view ( russian , ukranian , german ) then he can be judged as bad but so long as there are different angles to look at it from the jury is out ... 
  you write a very lengthy and technically correct set of posts . 
  let me ask then if pursuing this issue in the international courts would be in serbia 's interest ? 
  in the end it is not the `` declaration of independence '' but the `` recognition of unilateral declarations of independence '' that is prohibited under international law . 
  so if serbia sues and wins against european countries which broke international law , will they be buthurt enough to prevent us from joining ? 
  i 'd say so . 
  and in that case i would personally choose to sue anyway and forgo the accession . 
  we serbs only fight the losing battles ... 
  i second that we the yugoslavs were the idiots who allowed it to happen . 
  why the fuck did we let anyone convince us to fight each other ? 
  we made our bed , now ... 
  the ever benevolent germans ... 
  even if that was the goal , you ca n't argue that from an outside perspective your motives were most likely impure . 
  edit : * were ( past tense ), 
  putin is n't done yet . 
  i 'm not sure that we can judge him until he is . 
  thank you . 
  this is exactly the problem . 
  so how do you fix it ? 
  if you assign one politician for every 10,000 people that means you need 30,000 politicians . 
  ok , so then we assign 1 politician for every 10,000 politicians of the 30,000 and we have a government of 30 with 2 layers . 
  shitty pyramid but would it work ? 
  not sure ... 
  i 've been contemplating this for a while , maybe i should read a book on the topic ... 
  or for us more recently ... 
  new zealand is n't dumb enough to participate . 
  ca n't speak for canadians ... ausies are gonners though . 
  for a second there , i thought you forgot australia , but no , you did n't ... 
  you guys aught to implement the cer with new zealand properly on your end ... 
  it is n't quite even . 
  i 'm surprised that a foreigner would say this . 
  i guess not all of you think we 're the only bad guys ... good to know !, 
  thanks !, 
   i think americans just felt like he was escaping justice . 
  but that 's the point . 
  he did n't !, 
  the family forwarded all the legal documents to serbia and he was put on trial there . 
  if i remember right our politicians were throwing this idea around private circles but got a very strong no from eu & us early on ... 
  they were even willing to trade other parts of the current serbia where a majority albanians live ... 
  i really do n't understand why we ca n't redraw these stupid arbitrary lines ... we would all be better off . 
  so when 's turkey joining ? 
  and there goes the last of the non-eu coastline ... edit : i 'm ruling out albania because , albania ... 
  wait ... you are n't ? 
  wait , serbia or kosovo ? 
  edit : should probably read the comment to which you 're replying but it 's late ... 
  how do we get to the croatian coastline ? 
  it would be nice to have a beach again but we would need to make a path to there ... let me go get the map !, 
  i 'm still a little insulted by the we do n't need you you need us attitude ... what are we , weeds ? 
  yeah but they joined before , they are n't joining now ... can you confirm that the rules are the same ? 
  it definitely feels like a nato party in the eu ... 
  we should vote in \u0160e\u0161elj for a change . 
  i bet he would piss some people off !, 
  i mean , it 's not like we want him but i 'm curious what would happen if he became the president . 
  thanks eu , for looking out for us again !, 
  i do n't think you get it . 
  serbia * is * trying to bury the hatchet . 
  we do n't care to continue this and we are not dumb enough to try and force a population that fought us once ( using * guns * ) to stay inside our borders . 
  we are not suicidal . 
  we are just trying to make sure that if we do give in and recognize kosovo that they do n't go and bomb , shoot , stone the remaining serbian population which they have been doing for the past decade ... also , it 's not fair to make the serbian population still living in kosovo have to live in a different country to which they do n't feel they belong to . 
  this one is not within our power to fix , but we ca n't say yes to kosovo until it is fixed . 
  the albanians have to do this one either by letting them be a part of serbia by giving up that territory or convincing the serbs there that they should be a part of kosovo . 
  also , we are really , really unimpressed at losing kosovo . 
  but as i said , we are neither stupid nor suicidal ... 
  but we * are * loyal to our people , to a fault . 
  romania is one of the few who had n't recognized kosovo to begin with . 
  thanks for that one . 
  any opinions on how we should proceed ? 
  it does n't look like our government has any sort of plan for the situation other than giving it up . 
  yeah , we do n't want to give that one up . 
  can we keep it ? 
  like a puppy ? 
  ^ ^ or ^ ^ a ^ ^ cancer ? 
  let me get the lube ... 
  yeah , not the greatest poster boy for us ... that whole thing was a diplomatic shamble . 
  extremely embarrassing . 
  why are you being down-voted ? 
  he did n't kill the guy but the law at the time did n't allow for extradition .
