  you must never take your eyes off your lunch when these guys are around . 
  they also like to steal the car windscreen wipers too !, 
  the one in the bottom right is called a kiwi . 
  it ca n't fly , it ca n't see very well but it has good sense of smell . 
  it uses its long beak to sniff out the worms in the ground . 
  there are n't very many of them and they are very special , just like you . 
  the bird in the top right is a tui , and sings a beautiful song . 
  maybe you will find a video with a tui bird . 
  the last one is kotare , the kingfisher , and loves to eat fish . 
  what is your favorite fish to eat ? 
  regards < name goes here  < location goes here  edit : ball and chain review . 
  i see lots of poles and promise of more doors ... open plan strip-club ? 
  is that meant to be an excuse ? 
  you say `` balkans '' but what you mean is serbia since only the serbian people in the balkans are not allowed to have a say . 
  what ever the other guys want is generally granted without much fuss ... 
  what you leave out is that if you guys did n't listen to franjo tudjman nobody would have to die either . 
  well , had you guys stayed out we just might have ... then again , had you not taken sides we also might not have ... 
  i wonder if kosovo had not declared independence would this have turned out different ? 
  i mean , could the kosovo albanians have found a way to live freely within serbia ? 
  why is * independence * of such importance ? 
  do we really need nato to come and sort out the problems ? 
  i realize that milosevic took a lot away and had caused the people of kosovo to rebel but do you even remember what it was you wanted and were fighting for ? 
  i mean , if kosovo retracted its declaration of independence and serbia agreed that they would not govern kosovo in any way and would leave it to the albanians to govern , would that be acceptable ? 
  ( and if serbia actually follows through on this ) . 
  what is it that the kosovo albanians want ? 
  why is * independence * non-negotiable ? 
  the way i see it is that you guys are not even willing to meet us half-way . 
  so why would we want to talk to you when you do n't want to compromise at all ? 
  that is not a discussion , it is an ultimatum . 
   can confirm am hello . 
  trust a bulgarian to ruin it ... :p, 
  so are you saying that the kosovo declaration of independence was illegal ? 
  please just stop the hypocrisy . 
  lol , when i read your  ^ and ^ ^ stop ^ ^ ^ making ^ ^ ^ ^ babies comment i suddenly imagined the macedonian customs taking a male kosovo refugee to a back room with a pair of scissors in his hand ... 
  nah , those who left us can fend for themselves . 
  you do n't get to give us the finger and then ask us for help . 
  we got enough problems . 
  surely eu will help them !, 
  we should ofcourse !, 
   ~ ~ the ~ ~ nato ftfy . 
  yeah , that episode is a biggie . 
  i 'd say it played a large part in the ' 90 's too with how croatia separated ... 
  are you thick or just trolling ? 
  the people who banned the russian language and refused to listen to the minority 's concern are responsible for the rebellion . 
  you do n't get to ignore a large minority 's concerns and get away with it . 
  you are clearly mindlessly listening to the propaganda of one of the sides . 
  there were alternatives . 
  the ukranian government could have made a deal with putin and asked him not to support the rebels before the situation escalated . 
  by ignoring putin and going to the eu they caused this . 
  they misjudged how russia would react and now they are in this mess . 
  your idealistic view of the world does n't work in practice . 
  you do n't get to ignore someone stronger than you telling you what to do . 
  if you 're smart you 'll find a way to make it work with politics and horse-trading but if you 're not you will end up with a war . 
  serbia 's no different , we paid heavily for our pride . 
  now we have to swallow it and make the best of a shitty situation . 
  same with ukraine . 
  but do n't for a minute think that this is some sort of justice . 
  milosevic was just dumb enough to think the us would not go this far . 
  he fucked up and now we are paying for it . 
  you can try and make the ukranians the victims but they are not . 
  they are not stupid and they should have known better than to make emotional decisions and gamble on russia 's reaction . 
  did they not see what happened in georgia ? 
  it was not that long ago . 
  also , how 's cuba 's embargo going ? 
  it is the same shit when you border the us too . 
  you play by their rules or you get squashed . 
  it 's just that the us is a little nicer to its neighbors . 
  it merely destroys them economically when they do n't follow its rules ... 
  so take your whining home . 
  the ukranians are paying for electing dumb politicians , just like serbia , georgia and a whole lot of other countries . 
  and who was our alternative ? 
  also , i would n't say he 's completely to blame . 
  it takes two to tango . 
  he 's just an easy scapegoat . 
  so you are ignoring the involvement of others in the revolution ? 
  i 'm not trying to justify putin . 
  but he does n't do risky things that can backfire for no reason . 
  the eu could have cooled off a little , and is not as innocent a party as you seem to suggest . 
  the eu , like russia funds the parties in ukraine that are pro-eu and pro-russia respectively . 
  sure the eu seems to have won the political game but that then caused the russian response . 
  sure the russians could have just let it go but it does n't absolve the eu of responsibility . 
  you ca n't just go and cry foul the moment things do n't work out in your favor . 
  the current situation can be solved by just letting the east go . 
  if they do n't want to stay then do n't make them . 
  it 's better to have an ok neighbor than a bad tenant as i was told on another sub . 
  thanks , without the ( sarc ) at the end i would have thought you were serious ... 
  it made all the difference !, 
  man , i almost misjudged you . 
  phew ... btw , are you suggesting that a judge who is presented a full case and yourself with a few media articles from god knows where have equivalent amounts of information to judge an individuals actions upon ? 
  wow , you are godly !, 
  i would n't even dream of doing that . 
  closed ? 
  it did n't seem like it finished . 
  i agree but the eu already said this was a no-go . 
  is it a border if it is an administrative region ? 
  does cambridge have a border ? 
  maybe they can ask for independence next ? 
  sure but there is one issue with your comment :  furthermore , kosovo is a complete non-issue for * countries that are not serbia * . 
  wrong . 
  under international law it is illegal to recognize `` unilateral declarations of independence '' of any regions belonging to un member states .
