120 $ , premium is 160 $, 
   to be fair it 's really shit . 
  poland , fuck yeah !, 
  first that 'll have interest in it . 
  wow , no shit !, 
  word of police against word of pose\u0142 ( congressman ) - all media took police 's side , while nobody in prosecution/police wanted to make tapes from intervention public ( wipler wanted to from the start , he was claiming innocence all the time ) . 
  incident happened a year ago , the trial has n't started yet even though he waived his parlamentary immunity for this case . 
  many people accused him of being `` aggresive drunkman '' etc. 
  without proofs . 
  now , the tapes seem to confirm wipler 's side of the story . 
  coverage of this case in our media is scandalous . 
  if anybody had doubts whether polish media are objective , after today he wo n't have them . 
  police and prosecutors lying is not acceptable in state of law . 
  everyone is equal on ukraine , equally poor . 
  what 's russia 's interest in lowering gas prices for us ? 
  makes no sense at the moment imo . 
  nothing . 
  they have every right to compete with other countries by reasonable tax policy . 
  that will just make more corporations flee to tax heavens, 
  negative ? 
  how about lowering taxes to luxembourg 's level so companies wo n't have a reason to avoid them ? 
  no welfare for immigrants . 
  if someone wants to come to my country to work ( and assimilate ) it 's cool , otherwise please stay at your place . 
  we 'd be just wasting money on you . 
  problem is that stereotypical european `` eu is heaven on earth and nothing bad ever comes out of it '' is upvoted like hell on this sub . 
  i 've yet to find one , tell me if you success in this, 
  you did n't notice by now ? 
  you ca n't even be anti-eu but pro-europe here or you are hurr downvoted, 
  was n't this posted here not a long ago ? 
  way to go , iceland !, 
  oh you , special snowflake !, 
  no way !, 
  ... what is the point ? 
  why do you care ? 
  we have more serious problems than elections times . 
  because all wise people must be pro-europe !, 
  well , it is default sub now . 
  who 'd expect that ? 
  still , my point stands, 
  it may work for uk , but we should move 1 more hour away from uk , it will be late at 15 from tommorow in poland :(, 
  idiotic . 
  they will just put junk food dispensers before school . 
  help from the west , you say ? 
  how rich can luxembourg get ? 
  my inner pole tells me it should be ( wilno , poland ) but please ignore it , we 're all trying to contain those urges, 
  yeah it 's a dick thing to do , but if someone gives me money for free i wo n't refuse , 
  [ citation needed ], 
  one of few things this government does right . 
  everything about inequality : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnogaqx04cs, 
  so how about ^ ^ not ^ ^ having ^ ^ debt, 
   if prices going down , why would anyone buy something if it will be cheaper one month later ? 
  so people wait to buy bread ? 
  and electronics prices are going down in poland since when i remember , yet people ( aaand companies ) are still buying them very often . 
  i do n't buy this explanation . 
  what 's wrong with deflation ? 
  western europe also has higher income tax threshold , in uk it 's 10k pounds while in poland it 's about 600 , so poor people feel taxes even more . 
  raising it would allow more people to live comfortably , by giving them money to spend ( which they surely will ) . 
  problem with somalia is that nobody is respecting the ownership of the property there . 
  it 's not about paying taxes , it 's about paying too high taxes . 
  oh cmon mate , i was just joking :d but i doubt that anything restrains any leftist latvians from creating their own party to suit their needs, 
  a blessing , is n't it ? 
  well , `` healthy '' . 
  that commie guy has a point , poland is affected by brain drain . 
  we could be much better by now if everything was done right , yet we could be much worse too . 
  we 're doing ok right now imo . 
  what 's exactly wrong with that ? 
  work does n't shame anybody . 
  keep raising the minimum wage !, 
  i remember the american with polish heritage on / r/poland who said that we should call ourselves polacks just like black people call themselves niggers e : found it http://www.reddit.com/r/poland/comments/2frusj/american_considering_moving_togdansk/ckc7hrm, 
  racist !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  opposite of ireland ? 
  it 's democracy . 
  politicians will say what 's popular , not what they do believe . 
  why do we have to bailout ukraine ? 
  as much as i 'm against unnecessary taxes , excise tax on cars for private individuals ( with good public transport , of course , that 's important ) can do good - less jams for everyone . 
   fair referendum :d, 
  i think there should be fair referendum . 
  but neither kazakhstan nor russia will allow that , sadly . 
  poland could use thatcher ( or any politician with balls ) too . 
  stop it , you 're making me blush !, 
  so brave !, 
  i admire you , my lord !, 
  so egdy , i tip my fedora to you , dear sir . 
  do n't you find it hypocritical that he 's calling for lower taxes , yet he voted to raise them ? 
  legia vs g\u00f3rnik match , it was 2.08 if i remember . 
  legia invited 100 rebels to this match . 
  ` rebel ' sounds pejorative , are there any better terms for someone fighting in an uprising ? 
   i have sad feeling that those people are the same bold gentlemen that throw rocks on gay prides and shout xenophobic chants on `` patriotic '' marches that ends up on battles with police . 
  lol wat  besides how that wild shouting commemorates deaths of that peoples ? 
  we live in culture that sees silence and tears as symbol of grief . 
  there was a minute of silence , ya know . 
  and everybody has their way to commemorate something . 
  btw they sung whole anthem . 
  shame that we do n't do that on official events . 
  moscow . 
  but i thought war is good for economy !, 
  belarus disagrees . 
  why is moldavia part of romania and basarabia is independent as moladvia ? 
  why just do n't merge ? 
  i googled east prussia , so it surely was lower , right .
