  sources pls ? 
  'd like to read about that . 
  killing ? 
  did they really murder 2 million people living there ? 
  are n't sanctions harmful to santioners ' economies too ? 
  well , that text was offensive and should n't be there , i agree . 
  yes , you leave them alone , not tax them more . 
  hurray for stable governments who 's in power now ? 
  president ? 
  i wonder if this will affect morale of the military, 
  `` oh , how great my life would be if i were born in usa '' i heard this from old people all my life, 
  what do you mean ? 
   robots can already build and maintain robots , is that so hard to understand ? 
  and somebody has to maintain those robots , and maintain those maintaining , and it goes on . 
   perhaps humans would prefer humans in some jobs , but at the end of the day its the company which makes the choice , and when a company is able to see a more profitable approach they will most likely take that opportunity . 
  you can either have 2 massaging robots and have only part of consumers who want massage , or have robot and human , which allow you to get to everybody . 
  while robots do n't require payment , they require maintence and need to be built . 
  and there are some jobs which consumers would like to be done by humans ( is n't it obvious ? 
  if costs of production will be lower and lower , effectivity of work will be higher so people will be paid more ( or will need to work less to get same amount of money ) . 
  do n't you like idea of working half an hour to get your weekly pay ? 
  whole society will be paying to maintain ineffective industry , while growing ones , who need the money , will be stalled . 
  great work romania , keep it up . 
  yet still visa 's required, 
  what 's wrong with computers and machines doing all the work ? 
  if those are actual numbers then vote could go either way . 
  if he 's not ill he should have right to do this too . 
  okay , at some point this may happen . 
  computers will do all the work , great . 
   this doesnt change the fact that computers are replacing peoples jobs . 
  yes , and new jobs are constantly created . 
  jobs which computers ca n't deal with . 
  computerisation is a great thing . 
  scientific progress is great thing too . 
  luddism still alive i see !, 
  because europeans did n't build infrastructure or made peace in africa at all . 
  or spread their culture . 
  only rapes . 
  i do n't feel obligated in any way to make their life better . 
  nobody 's making my life better except myself . 
  we do n't have to let them in if we do n't need them . 
  so you ca n't trade with eu if you 're not eu member ? 
  whoops , i 've missed something . 
  western propaganda is too powerful , they are n't in position to do anything . 
  putin should just tell that he does n't approve separatists ' actions . 
  i support this very much . 
  that was to loud to not have at least one copy of it . 
  do you know when the trial is ? 
  you can fit any electorate to that pattern . 
  media do n't care about what people say unless it 's controversial or it 's ruling party/opposition . 
  emigrate now , with your money . 
  let him protect the poor with his own wealth !, 
  most of polish ministers are not educated in their department 's specialisation, 
  you need euro truck simulator experience first . 
   he appeals to edgy teenagers who barely reached the voting age yet feel like they know how politics and finance works better than anyone . 
  vs  he appeals to old people who are almost on verge of dementia yet feel like they know how politics and finance works better than anyone, 
  just to make your head hurt more pis and sld , `` socialist '' parties actually enacted some liberal ( in economic sense ) reforms . 
  po , which run on liberal ( economic again ) slogans is left-wing ( economically ) . 
  anecdotal evidence is not evidence . 
  most of my leftist friends had troubles finishing school , are all ( or even most ) leftists dumb ? 
  certainly not . 
  korwin is polish farage . 
  everybody will tell you that , no matter how true ( not much ) it is . 
   there were videos of that event floating on the internet on the day after . 
  they 're gone now , probably court order . 
  you sound like it 's your first day on internet . 
  if there was a single video of it , there would be a copy . 
  i 'm pretty sure about the verdict too my friend , 
  upr did that . 
  do you know anybody from upr ? 
   wipler the police fighter ? 
  :d being accused of something is doing that ? 
  so what 's your conclusion on who 's `` most legitimate '' ( whatever that means ) dynastic ruler of poland ? 
  and those educated will try to rationalise everything he says , i 've never seen one of them say `` okay , i was wrong on this one '', 
   being an ( unemployed ) eu citizen is nothing like being a slave . 
  well , right , some of slaves had better lifes . 
  it 's `` getting fucked by tax system '' . 
  if you 'll add some victoria/eu experience , you should be mofa . 
  let 's leave family matters to sims players . 
   eu is many things , but it is n't an anti-russian organisation . 
  you 're thinking of nato . 
  touche . 
   russians of course think everything that is n't russia is anti-russian . 
  like paranoics they know for sure that the rain was sent by their enemies to worsen their mood , and the people talking quietly behind the corner were surely speaking about them . 
   i 'll make fun of russia , dat sweet karma !, 
  nope , never . 
  what controversial things did ukip do or say ? 
  he 's not right , it 's racist !, 
  minister of sports experience : football manager ( 4000 + hours ) ,, 
  well , `` legitimate '' kings of poland come from wettin dynasty , which is german, 
  one word : zus . 
  ( social security ), 
  supporters of his party : congress of the new right, 
  joining anti russian organization ( at least trying ) is not good for russia , right ? 
  brother of death president is oppositions leader , he wants to `` talk '' with russia again over it . 
  so what , russia should allow other nations to act against her without consequences ? 
  they did what was obvious they would . 
  someone finally understands that !, 
  too late though . 
  he supports literally 100 years old stuff , he 's constantly appealing to xix-century usa ( i 'm not saying it 's bad tho ), 
  we ( his supporters ) try to ignore some shit he says .
