  we actualy passed the anti corruption law to create our own ver of dna.http : / / sofiaglobe.com/2016/06/30/bulgarian-parliament-passes-anti-corruption-bill-at-first-reading/, 
  the bulgarian parliament 's committees on defence and on budget and finance have approved projects worth well more than a billion euro to acquire new jet fighters and two new naval patrol vessels . 
  the cabinet approved the military shopping list , also including armoured vehicles , at the end of march . 
  by bulgarian law , the large sums of money involved are above the threshold requiring parliamentary approval . 
  following the may 26 approval at a joint sitting of the two committees , the proposals will be tabled at a plenary sitting of the national assembly . 
  the acquisition of new jet fighters , to meet the standards of nato of which bulgaria has been a member since 2004 , has been on the agenda of a succession of bulgarian governments . 
  the country currently has a contract with poland to keep its ageing russian-made mig-29 fighters flying pending the acquisition of aircraft that are up to nato standards . 
  it is expected that bulgaria 's acquisition of new multi-role military jet fighters will happen through negotiations towards an inter-state agreement rather than through a tender process . 
  in july 2015 , defence minister nikolai nenchev said that the cabinet had given him a mandate to negotiate the acquisition of new combat jets . 
  the ministry of defence has been examining three options for the acquisition of a new type of fighter : new swedish gripens , the eurofighter and second-hand us-made f-16s from portugal . 
  defence ministry officials however are said to believe that the eurofighter would prove significantly too expensive for bulgaria . 
  a eurofighter in service with the german luftwaffe . 
  a eurofighter in service with the german luftwaffe . 
  the choice effectively comes down to gripens or the used f-16s from portugal . 
  sweden and gripen have underlined willingness to negotiate a package to suit bulgaria 's pocket , with a deferred payment plan , and point to the record of gripen acquisitions successfully elsewhere in central and eastern europe , for example by the czech republic . 
  a lockheed f16 , portuguese air force . 
  a lockheed f16 , portuguese air force . 
  advocates of the acquisition of out-of-the-box jet fighters also underline that getting fighters second-hand means that the aircraft would have a shorter life expectancy and doom the bulgarian taxpayer to facing the big-ticket question all over again in some years ' time . 
  unofficial information is that the bulgarian air force would favour getting newly-manufactured jet fighters , but the decision is likely to be a political one . 
  sa air force gripen gripens , in service with the south african air force . 
  gripen ng air force chief general roumen radev said that any delay in the project to acquire new fighters could be fatal . 
  the idea is to first get eight new fighters , and further on , another eight . 
  the first half of the jet fighter acquisition would be the more expensive because it would also include various items such as training and simulators . 
  finance minister vladislav goranov said that the total cost of the two projects -- the fighters and the patrol vessels -- as envisaged in the medium-term forecast to 2019 , is 2.32 billion leva ( about 1.16 billion euro ) . 
  the contracts will be paid in installments over several years . 
  the draft envisages 10 million leva for the new aircraft project in 2016 and 114 million leva for the patrol vessels . 
  for 2017 , the funds respectively are 200 million leva and 171 million leva . 
  the sums are the same for 2018 . 
  for 2019 , the sums are 200 million leva for the jet fighters and 97 million leva for the naval vessels . 
  according to goranov 's calculations , in 2020 the budget would have to provide 440 million leva for the aircraft and 147 million leva for the vessels , in 2021 totals of 450 million leva and 90 million leva respectively and in 2022 , a sum of 30 million leva for the patrol ships . 
  for the jet fighter acquisition , it is possible that other potential suppliers could be invited to negotiations , but with the changed international situation , there are indications that countries have become inclined to hang on to their older jet fighters . 
  in debate on the patrol vessel project , the nationalist patriotic front , the influential minority partner in bulgaria 's coalition government agreement , expressed reservations , with pf co-leader krassimir karakachanov alleging that the process of awarding the business was being slanted in favour of a particular bulgarian firm . 
  in recent months , senior figures including bulgarian prime minister boiko borissov have spoken of having the ships built at bulgarian yards . 
  karakachanov said that he could write the name of the company that would get the business on a piece of paper and seal it in an envelope that would be opened after the deal was announced , and said he would be proven correct . 
  naval commander rear admiral mitko petev told mps that if the acquisition of the two new vessels did not happen in the next three years , a crisis would result . 
  bulgaria has six warships -- three former belgian frigates and three russian vessels . 
  the russian vessels have a further life of no more than three to four years before they would have to be decommissioned . 
  can you trusts every future judge then ? 
   . imagine if every nato member with a western economy had two us sized aircraft carriers and heavy lift planes . 
  how many $ are you willing to give countries like bulgaria so they can even have a port that can support even 1 carrier and that is if you do n't consider how devastating supporting and making the carrier will be to the economy ? 
  bulgarian chief prosecutor sotir tsatsarov has announced that four magistrates from different countries are expected to arrive in bulgaria on may 30 to conduct an analysis of the national prosecuting authority . 
  team members will be from spain , germany , the uk , and the netherlands . 
  an `` independent analysis '' of the prosecution was part of the recommendations submitted by the eu commission in its cooperation and verification mechanism ( cvm ) report on bulgaria in january . 
  earlier , the idea had been voiced by ex-justice minister hristo ivanov ( who resigned in december after his judicial reform proposal was partly watered down by parliament ) and prime minister boyko borisov . 
  it comes as bulgaria is working to carry through a judicial reform that the government says will help the country get rid of corruption , while the opposition believes it is a way to purge the system of certain appointments . 
  the experts will only work on structural and functional issues of the prosecutor 's office , but will also have access to particular cases if necessary . 
  `` they will work in several missions , each one 3 days long . 
  no request they make will be declined , but in the end we achieved an agreement and [ under it ] the analysis has to be completed exactly at the end of december so that its findings can be in the next monitoring report on bulgaria , '' public broadcaster bnr quotes tsatsarov as saying . 
  his remarks came as he was in brussels with justice minister ekaterina zaharieva and deputy pm rumyana bachvarova to meet eu commission officials . 
  - see more at : http://www.novinite.com/articles/174537/four+eu+experts+to+analyze+bulgaria%27s+prosecution#sthash.dslx5rhk.dpuf, 
  more like nostalgia for the good old days when you were young and everything was peachy . 
   go after corruption !, 
  ha that has about as much chance of happening as we entering a new ice age . 
  ataka in in that group ... ya know the one that wants us to get out of anything but being vassals to russia ? 
  i like trains . 
  iirc in iran they actually teach that the bulgar came from there.also there are geographical places that bear names very similar to what a modern bulgarian would name them and they are the names that the locals have called them for centuries, 
  to / u/caffeinatedt it seems the difference between 3rd world and not is the rule of law . 
  as said here  ** or you just chuck out the rule of law ** and do it quickly and then you can enjoy the consequences of turning yourself into a third world as such i would say he does not consider the philippines as 3rd world ... at least in this aspect . 
   `` enjoy the consequences of turning '' turning is in future tense not in past tense . 
  as such reading comprehension level 0 out of 20 also i do not have alt accounts so maybe you should watch your allegations . 
  reading comprehension level 1 out of 20 . 
   consequences of turning this is not saying that you are 3rd world but you are going to turn into a 3rd world nation . 
   it has been ignored far to long if we do not have 2 % by 2024 then they have a right to complain, 
  eastern orthodox atheists, 
  he is ... how do you think they power turkey ? 
  and all yes has to do is go : campaign fear !, 
  just like leave did . 
  well nasa is launching the jwts on a esa rocket from a french launch site so ... yah, 
  well the esa is independent from the eu not to mention that it has been working with nasa on telescopes since the [ iue ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_ultraviolet_explorer ) and that the future james-webb is also a joint venture ... edit : also jwts is planed to be launched using a esa rocket from a french launch site ... 
  they only looked after the esa asked them to because they found 3 planets . 
  or so they could use there own telescopes and continue the observation from more advantageous places on the surface . 
  yet we were the ones that found that there are planets at all in that system ... 
  so what you are saying is it is impossible to make a international political movement ? 
  how do you dismiss law that you do not like in your current government ? 
  no matter what you do the factory jobs belong to * robots * and trying to stop that is impossible as such you adapt . 
  you do know that the jobs that are here and the ones exported will not exist for long with the ongoing accelerating march of automation ? 
  any factory made in the eu will be accurately described as `` robots and a 100 or so people making sure no one steals them and maybe from time to time calling it to fix something '', 
  no one said they are cutting the forests they own ( if they own any ) ... 
  i read and read and all i hear is hail hitler !, 
  you should expand your dictionary 2 words are not enough ... 
  you re ok with your formali a nation state to follow the will of people from 49 other states to dictate your law . 
  citation :  my state texas does not have national sovereignty but autonomy . 
  we are not our own country ( although we once were ) . 
  we obey federal law despite having our own state law . 
  but when the eu members all the sudden want to do something similar you are against it and consider it bad ... why ? 
  or we can do bouth by using the chinese money to fund our solars, 
  so we should start subsidising ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ... yet, 
   i do n't think the uk is part of the `` america first '' plan though . 
  but it 's of course great that you think that you are . 
  i 'd get that in writing though , if i were you . 
   i think he hopes that the uk becomes the 51st state ... 
  just like they will give cash to the nhs ? 
  the way you worded it it sounds as if ee can do whatever with the money germany is giving . 
   * illegally tracked ~ ~ person ~ ~ * device, 
  i do not think you realize how controlled the money coming to ee is.we can not just decide willy nilly where to spend it . 
  yes but from the moon you can easily shoot '' [ rods from god ] ( http://www.armaghplanet.com/blog/rods-from-god-a-terrifying-space-weapon.html ) '' using railguns and hit targets on the planet as such making yourself capable of striking everywhere on the globe without having the risk of nuclear winter . 
  not to mention that it will not be that hard to make the moon into a giant colony and live there as such you can just wipe out everyone on the surface of earth ... hell how hard will it be to mine out the moon and make a underground colony able to hold the entire population of the eu ? 
  that and the moon has alot of helium-3 ... 
  problem is we have a fence along that border ...
