as a southerner i forget how much of scotland is an archipelago . 
  it looks stunning from space . 
  the empire was gone , and the world had passed on . 
  the colonies became independent , europe became a community - and in 1953 the hungarians came to wembley to wallop the founders of football 6-3 . 
  and did we learn ? 
  did we fuck . 
  we stayed on our island , growling behind our nukes with our thuggish dirty streets , our polluted beaches , our hospitals where the rain comes through the roof , and our schools that ca n't afford to buy books - we stayed on our island with our fading industries , and our 4-4-fucking-2 . 
  wot he said, 
  listen , pedro , dos pints of la beirra por favour , shipco mate, 
  bloody foreigners . 
  speak-e ze englando . 
  i 'm having trouble with both statements, 
   theresa may personally coming to your house to sniff your sex toys  mate . 
  dhanks !, 
  i mean fanks !, 
  do you congratulate people when they have a lobotomy ? 
  i suppose you can but it does n't really make a difference . 
  how bad is the eu ? 
  the poor person with handouts . 
  fucks sake , you want half the country the fail ?!, 
  muh freedumbs !, 
  muh sovrenties !, 
  well done , uk , we have officially declared our stupidity . 
  42 times, 
  what about towels ? 
  its part of my religion to always bring a towel . 
   it 's not like it 's a blanket ban . 
  why would you ban a blanket ? 
  how do you know what an island is ? 
   you could argue that a legitimate trump 's victory would make america look bad . 
  i 'd say that while it may do that , it would also show how bad of a candidate clinton was and how poorly the democrats ran their campaign . 
  i 'm not so sure americans ( as a whole ) truly chose trump . 
  i think it 's more that they rejected hillary clinton ... again . 
  which is exactly why it is so tragic . 
  that makes america look even worse . 
  so you are saying the further west you go the worse it gets ? 
   cascadia cascadia is such a nice name . 
  it sounds like synonym of waterfall . 
  i 'm an idiot and i forgot that washington is not washington d.c -_-, 
  huh , i did n't think you had them . 
  in the bayou ? 
  lots of colonial era buildings on the east coast , right ? 
  some of them look lovely . 
  they have everything apart from rainforest , i think . 
  imagine that !, 
  thanks for the warning, 
  it would have been helpful if they did n't run a negative campaign and actually had a clue what they wanted to achieve once they won . 
   why the government asked the will of the people and followed a democratic process . 
  does n't mean we have to like it or should have even voted for it in the first place . 
  i knew that was going to be the eddie izzard bit :d, 
   also , apparently she drives like a complete lunatic . 
  the fast and the furious : lizzie 's range rover . 
  that 's the story about when she drove some saudi king or prince or sheikh ? 
  i love that . 
  i can just imagine her telling phil later on that night about how she put the willies up that bloke . 
  it looks like its the best day of his life . 
  its nice , but i do prefer a maroille and marmite sandwich . 
  it is a full on assault on your taste buds . 
  conned up . 
  but comrade , i do n't know who navalny is . 
  he could be a football player  _ , 
  what journalist would be mad enough to do a full front page about putin like the may one ? 
  some of the cinematography is immense in that film . 
  and , its been a while since i 've seen it , but i think all the different nationalities speak their own language ? 
  i like that in a film . 
  none of that get-a-brit-and-put-on-a-dodgy-accent types . 
  tidal power or coastal power , whatever it is called , is better for the uk , i think . 
  oh they are so nice . 
  i 've only ever found them very rarely in the uk . 
  i shall not , danke, 
  such a romantic language ... 
  * you * are a grand douchey, 
  i 'll get the biscuits, 
  lovely, 
  such a romantic language, 
  now say it in german, 
  let 's agree to call it the lovely isles, 
  i 'm more offended by the way he speaks . 
  he sounds like a drunk 10 year old . 
  was n't there a few stories about how french translators were almost on the verge of tears trying to translate his nonsense ? 
  bad haiku, 
  its all the booze cruisers leaving copies of the sun and the daily mail while they buy crates of cheap plonk . 
  who ? 
   saying news is fake just because you do n't like it does n't make it any less true . 
  seems to work for a certain world leader . 
  fake news , mate . 
   you 're right . 
   it 's totally ok to threaten to arrest the press for doing their job . 
  you know , just because you do n't want people to know that they are literally voting for a criminal . 
  what the hell are you talking about , man ? 
  i 'm just warning you that an excess of salt in your diet can be harmful . 
  you need to be careful of your sodium intake . 
  calm down josef fritzl, 
  kurds are good in my book . 
  you leave them alone . 
  i 'm okay with our gun laws . 
  i 'm pro gun control but i would love to go to a firing range and crack off a few shots . 
  no way the uk bombs turkey . 
  if all the turkish diaspora leave the uk , where the hell are we going to get food on a friday night after kicking out time at the pub ? 
  andi herzog was a cracking player and toni polster knew where the goal was .
