the expert in this case lives near that shop and is high so often he is failing pretty much all his classes . 
  nope . 
  according to an expert , that shop sucks . 
  it 's not too expensive . 
  i like going to the butchers there . 
  hoog catherijne will become quite beautiful , in twenty years when they are finally done . 
  still busy , wait a month or two or go in the morning . 
  the city invested 75 million . 
  the skyscraper ( de rotterdam ) built by the city was in budget . 
  new central station was within budget . 
  the city of rotterdam has little scope creep . 
  they do n't add requirements after construction has begun . 
  actually , it went from 1.4 billion to 3.1 billion so just over 2 times over budget . 
  still , damn . 
  * cough cough * fyra * cough cough *, 
  some of the vendors that used to be on the weekly market now run stores inside . 
  there 's 3-5 people to a crane for the bigger ships and 2-4 for the smaller ships . 
  there 's still quite a lot of people walking around , over a hundred on a busy day per terminal . 
  markets are no cheaper than supermarkets these days . 
  it has average prices . 
  it used to be expensive . 
  if you go to a market and expect prices below supermarket prices these days you are in for a rough surprise . 
  it appears that the penthouses have a window in the floor indeed . 
  i looked at some floor plans and i beleive they either have the in the hallway or a small somewhat seperate seating area in the living room . 
  the north south line in amsterdam went from a 1.4 billion to a 3.1 billion budget ,, 
  it would n't fit in the area . 
  the j&s butcher is quite cheap though . 
  those repayed well over half the cost of the building already . 
  the rest is to be returned through the shops in the building . 
  it 's a private investment mostly . 
  the buildings was mostly financed by private investors . 
  it is a private building project and is supposed to repay itself quite quickly . 
  the total price tag was $ 175 million . 
  the appartments alone will generate almost 100 million in sales price , the rest of the money will be returned via rent paid by the several dozen shops in there . 
  ah well , more prosperity for us then . 
  yeah , but you guys in the south defected to french !, 
  these are probably in nature parks where only cars with a purpose are allowed ( ie , no thoroughfare or recreational traffic ), 
  you guys rape the dutch language . 
  the dutch speak dutch and you guys do n't speak the same way we do so you are raping dutch . 
  my answer was more to indicate that i have no idea why people oppose it . 
  i do n't oppose it . 
  better smart than funny !, 
  well , you are , uhm ... 
  damn , ca n't say belgian because i already said stupid . 
  hmmmm ... you guys have a funny accent !, 
  beh , logic . 
  still better than a cracked road without zoab . 
  well , you 're stupid . 
  the bad connection can also be because of laws . 
  roads and their spacing is very strictly regulated in the netherlands by law and these laws may make it illegal to connect to the belgian equivalent . 
  nope , this is the crossing between the a12 and the a4, 
  shall we add some more fallacies to both our arguments ? 
  how about pro-bono you sick fuck !, 
  yes , and the dutch are the only ones to use zoab which is great for areas that have little frost in winter and a lot of rain like the exact place where this picture was taken . 
  it has since been removed . 
  no , it is not . 
  i said they are worse in general which means that they are worse on average . 
  they are still worse than dutch highways in general . 
  and you feel it at every single crossing between the netherlands and belgium . 
  at every single crossing the belgian highway is in worse shape . 
  actually , this is real . 
  [ news article ] ( http://www.hln.be/hln/nl/957/binnenland/article/detail/1258294/2011/05/02/grote-verkeershinder-te-verwachten-bij-werken-op-e19-in-sint-job-in--t-goor.dhtml ) the picture was posted on twitter by the dutch traffic police . 
  edit : [ more ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bzp5tdliiaanmqj.jpg ) [ images ] ( http://foto.autosnelwegen.net/28-08-12/overig/dscn1808.jpg ), 
  no , there are not . 
  there is not a single part of the dutch highway network that is in such bad shape . 
  i have crossed the border at this spot about 10 times per year for the past 18 years ( as i can remember ) and every single time i was able to pinpoint exactly when i crossed the border to the second . 
  they have mostly asphalt . 
  actually , when it comes to highway traffic the netherlands actually has more per km of highway and more highway per km ^ 2 and , even though belgium has ~ 30 % more truck traffic , this should not amount for the enormous disparity in road quality overall . 
  the main reason the road in belgium is so bad is because of the government really . 
  in the netherlands a broken guardrail is generally repaired within 24 hours . 
  in belgium this can take up to several weeks . 
  the real problem is the inefficient government . 
  on top of that is the large amount of traffic belgium gets . 
  using [ this report ] ( http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/environment/environment-at-a-glance-2013/road-traffic-vehicles-and-networks_9789264185715-20-en ) linked by / u/yoenit above i have calculated that the dutch road network is ~ 37 % busier than the belgian road network while belgium 's road network is ~ 53 % denser . 
  there is a but , though . 
  the dutch highway system ( which is by far the most expensive system to maintain ) is ~ 27 % denser than the belgian highway network . 
  what also adds to the much larger road density for normal roads in belgium is the large amount of unpaved roads , of which the netherlands has pretty much 0 in comparison . 
  the thing is , this is the highway from rotterdam to antwerp . 
  a pretty major road to be sure . 
  [ the total is lower than the top us spender ] ( https://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/top.php?showyear=2013&amp;indextype=s ), 
  this is likely per year . 
  actually , this was concern of halal related legislation in the netherlands . 
  cycling maps are actually more common i believe . 
  well , not a settlement per s\u00e9 but a bike path for sure . 
  dutch universities tend to excel in specialized areas but lack in others . 
  this is not a large problem as they are relatively close and people can quite easily choose a university that caters to their needs . 
  one of the major measurement statistics for universities , used mainly in the usa , are publications . 
  dutch universities do , indeed , publicise few papers when in university as the focus there is on learning and teaching as opposed to some other universities where research has become one of the main focusses of professors . 
  this will likely have a small effect . 
  the loan thing does n't actually influence the cost of school but rather the way students finance their school . 
  basically the basic grant every single student gets is now a loan . 
  the interest is very low ( on or below inflation level ) and is more likely to move students from university to skills education . 
  this mentions dutch students going to belgium but would n't there be belgian students at dutch schools such as the tu delft/eindhoven or wageningen ru ? 
  it happens both ways . 
  different universities are attractive for different groups of students . 
  i believe that many of these figures are inflated by students going abroad . 
  nijmegen was founded before maastricht ( 9 years ) but was not continuously occupied . 
  there were several centuries that nobody lived there . 
  there was a celtic village on the site of maastricht in 500 bc . 
  it 's not entirely sure whether the village was inhabited continuously .
