  http://kunst-en-cultuur.infonu.nl/geschiedenis/84570-top-10-oudste-steden-van-nederland.html officially maastricht is the oldest city in the netherlands . 
  for one thing , both cities were established around 50 bc , not 19 ad . 
  turkey and russia are at least partially europe . 
  however , the area of what is and what is n't europe is quite murky . 
  actually , those areas are part of the european union !, 
  did you know that , as you mentioned the netherlands rather than the dutch european mainland the highest point in the netherlands is actually [ saba ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saba ) in the caribbean ? 
  if you turn around , walk a few metres you get a much , much nicer view ( if i remember correctly ), 
  op 's mom is a whore . 
  wow , those are a lot of new lines !, 
  * ahem * i 'd like you to know that austria also has a hooker , right op ? 
  weird . 
  do busses use part of the track of the metro or is it possible that they use it ? 
  so does rotterdam . 
  all rotterdam metros are able to do this as it is required on the b , c and e lines . 
  to be classified as a metro the trains also have to run on a completely separate track . 
  the noise and vibrations in the area of the track is reduced and the train can accelerate and decelerate faster . 
  the porto metro is actually not a full metro system but rather a light rail . 
  there are small differences between the two systems . 
  one of the most notable being that a light rail system is not 100 % separated from regular road traffic where-as a metro has a fully dedicated railway . 
  the traffic signs in the first picture indicate shared infrastructure . 
  actually , that is the 2002 sg2/1 . 
  the pictured vehicle is the 2008 rsg3 ( r standing for randstadrail ) and is essentially the same as the 2009 sg3 being phased in to replace the 1985 sg2 . 
  the dutch forces in the east and those that escaped fought with the allies . 
  there was also a lot of ( mostly passive ) resistance in the netherlands . 
  we 're the eternal number two . 
  at all the nice stuff , fuck yeah !, 
  at least we were smart enough to choose the winning side . 
  and baseball , hockey , speed skating , swimming , water management , philips , shell , most reliable food supply , most reliable internet infrastructure , tallest population , relatively wealthy population , relatively effective and civilized government , low levels of racism , low crime rates , extremely little corruption and some more good stuff i forgot about . 
  1588-1712 is the dutch golden age in which the netherlands was the fastest advancing country in the world at the time . 
  we also had the most profitable company ever in that period ( absolute revenue when adjusted for inflation ) in the vereenigde oostindische compagnie . 
   rigourus coordinate system you are used to in other countries , think more like italy with mazes in each corner . 
  this is / r/europe , we are very much accustomed to that . 
  basically : faster than pedestrians means you go on the bicycle path . 
  i can explain this phenomenon : [ tourists ] ( http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/bored-tourist-young-attractive-male-colorful-outfit-ready-to-travel-as-stereotype-32712626.jpg ) . 
  as usual we are in the higher regions but not really at the top . 
  yes , they evolved from that with heavy influence from the capitalistic us culture . 
  it either evolved or revolved from the original native american culture because culture does n't just ` appear ' . 
  it comes from somewhere . 
  evolving is not always a good thing . 
  many evolutions are negative and they die out quite quickly . 
  thank you . 
  i know right ? 
  they are only 5 years older than the rotterdam versions though . 
  pro-tip : call it ` stuck in communist times ' and we all know what you mean , 
  actually , it appears they show two different kinds of busses . 
  city and country busses . 
  city busses are generally much lower with less comfortable seating but more room to walk and stand as trips are shorter . 
  the subway in rotterdam still uses rolling stock from the 80 's ... :(, 
  aspects of cooperation are also in the individualistic aspect of culture . 
  the netherlands is also a highly feminine country which is associated with feministic movements . 
  source : http://geert-hofstede.com/netherlands.html lower score on masculinity means higher score for femininity . 
  the netherlands scores 14 . 
  sweden scores 5 . 
  finland scores 26 . 
  norway scores 8 . 
  the netherlands pretty much only dub television aimed at children under the age of 10 . 
  work smart , work efficient and work at an acceptable speed . 
  oh , just remembered , this data is from 2000 so 14 years ago . 
  a lot can change in 14 years . 
  it 's probably more of a statistics thing where for some countries they take heart problems as for other countries they use heart diseases . 
  a sudden cardiac arrest may , statistically , not be a heart disease and thus not counted as such . 
  * families in the country are larger and there are more ostriches in the country thus ostriches deliver babies . 
  * i use that example to show that with enough picking in statistics you can prove anything without lying . 
  neither can i. 
  not in english nor in france . 
  it does look like differences exist because of registration techniques because , as haeikou pointed out , the border between france and germany is just too distinct . 
  this election is the first election where the pirate party is actually listed by itself rather than a part of ` other ' in the netherlands . 
  it was also listed in most major vote choice tools . 
  this means that the pirate party is on the rise . 
  hurray for strict dutch food laws !, 
  the cheap apple sauce actually has less additives than many expensive options . 
  on some products i have now started to prefer the ultra cheap option . 
  applesauce for instance . 
  well , higher median income is generally a good thing . 
  i 's why they are always hungry !, 
  i will go to / r/badpuns now . 
  likely due to the difference between median and average . 
  us average is 53k , us median is 29k . 
  yeah but people in luxembourg just earn a shit ton of money . 
  a couple of supermarkets around my area have a ultra cheap brand labelled ` oke ' . 
  no , but it is what pushed them into shit . 
  the main culprits are those that actually came to power after the colonials left . 
  the way they were decolonized . 
  doing well : slowly with a transitional government . 
  doing poorly : rather rapidly with no proper government set up during the transitional period . 
  also the murdering of a large part of the people in charge in the former colonies that are doing poorly . 
  njet . 
  i am saying that , due to regulations , you ca n't drove a car held together by tape and wire . 
  that 's probably just bad luck . 
  very often the same bus is used for the same line at a certain time so it 's likely that the heater broke and that they would n't fix it until the bus went in for service . 
  i would n't say it was cold in public transport in winter either . 
  due to the excellent healthcare this giant dutch state would create a disease would be found within 2 week of rearing it 's ugly head . 
  you 'd better hurry up , the wormhole is almost in place . 
  [ it 's only a matter of time . 
  ] ( http://what-if.xkcd.com/imgs/a/53/drain_nl.png ), 
  that is also the point where the climate of the earth will be pretty much fucked up for a couple dozen millennia . 
  the largest part of this median wealth is based on houses as these are by far the most expensive things people have . 
  it is possible that more people own houses in italy rather than renting one . 
  meh , we have good air-conditioning in the current busses , trains , trams and metros . 
  in the netherlands pretty much every household has a car .
