  even if they are not needed for work they are often used for family outings , visiting friends etc. 
  on the other hand , in europe you generally have to be less afraid that a car will suddenly lose bits . 
  did you know we do that less than the belgians ? 
  apparently they had to make their days longer so it was possible !, 
  well , what do you expect with crappy trains from ansaldo breda . 
  source : dutch . 
  almost all of these are incorrect as the major export product of most western countries is always a service . 
  what the hell portugal !, 
  not a poor score , hehehe . 
  ^ ^ just ^ ^ joking, 
  or dijk , that could also work . 
  i second dijk . 
  what 's with reddit 's hard on for everything dutch lately ? 
  we do , unless it 's against the us . 
  i can tell you this :, 
  i just wan na say : get your shit together usa and uk , even freaking russia acknowledges it on a national level !, 
  a map of the countries that fully ( dark green ) or partially ( light green ) acknowledge the armenian genocide : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d2/nations_recognising_the_armenian_genocide.svg edit1 : currently 43 out of 50 states as well as several federal us branches recognize the armenian genocide . 
  in the uk amongst others wales and scotland recognize the genocide . 
  that independent central bank still bases it 's interest rate on the economy and the likelihood of it getting it 's money back . 
  the rate at which the government can attract capital influences the rate at which domestic banks are willing to lend money to industries . 
  it 's eaten both during christmas and easter . 
  it is a newer tradition , however . 
  i do know that my grandfather when he was a baker ( starting around 40 years ago ) would bring one home from the bakery for easter and christmas . 
  http://dutchfood.about.com/od/breadspastriescookies/r/easterloaf.htm paasstol . 
  i do n't think you understood , we are in the highest brackets for income tax and have 21 % vat . 
  20 % vat high ? 
  we are a red country and have 21 % vat . 
  not everyone on this subreddit lives there and so not everyone understands it . 
  i believe this map is more in the sense of data centres rather than economic activity . 
  the full names of those places are ` amsterdam-zuidoost ' and ` amsterdam-west ' . 
  they are simply different parts of amsterdam . 
  no it is n't . 
  it moved . 
  i wish all songs started with the singer announcing his age . 
  for one it 's very easy to see the language division in belgium . 
  wallonia is notably poorer than flanders . 
  ok , that 's why no sane person likes wallonia . 
  i hate it when i get conflicting information from unreliable and somewhat reliable sources !, 
  i am going to use the beat defense ever !, 
  that 's the point . 
  ongemakkelijk is more like uncomfortable where awkward is much broader . 
  it 's less abstract meaning can be translated as ` onhandig ' which might also be contributed to it 's abstract meaning in social interactions but again , does not capture the word in it 's entirety . 
  and once again reddit has taught me wrong . 
  that means that most of the people that use ignorant on reddit are actually ignorant of the fact that they should be using wilfully ignorant !, 
  ignorant actually means not knowing and not wanting to know . 
  this means that onwetenheid actually only captures half the meaning of ignorant . 
  you 'd better bring one for those waiting then !, 
  that 's because it 's the default situation for you guys . 
  no , that 's different . 
  the dutch are very punctual and thus when we make appointments we write them down so that we will be on time . 
  just from the top of my head here . 
  well , fastfood is more expensive but healthy food is cheaper . 
  living is a lot more expensive but houses are generally made form stone and well insulated so energy costs are lower . 
  overall , in the us the average person has more disposable income but the poor are less poor than in the us and the rich are less rich than the us top earners . 
  salaries are higher but taxes are higher as well . 
  overall the purchase power parity of the netherlands is lower but basic necessities are around the same price . 
  it 's mostly that the current wireless data network is not fast enough to cater to all the customers if they would be using unlimited data ( this puts a much larger strain on the internet speeds of course ), 
  i pay $ 45 a month for 2gb data ( fair use so slowed down when over limit , no extra charges ) unlimited texting and 60 mins of calling . 
  oh , that includes a nokia lumia 920 . 
  i pay $ 10 for 30 mb/s currently ( will go up to $ 25 though ), 
  mobile data throttling is because of data caps , they do n't actually throttle certain services noticeably . 
  currently there are a total of 0 websites banned in the netherlands . 
  we also have cheap , reliable internet and isp 's are banned from throttling certain services because the dutch government supports net neutrality . 
  sadly , we spy pretty much as much as the nsa does . 
  the netherlands used to ban the piratebay . 
  then a judge ruled it was ineffective and hurting companies ' position compared to the competition so the ban was lifted . 
  ah , my bad . 
  there are several different lines that are very similar so i must have gotten that mixed up . 
  brb , going to ` het drielandenpunt ', 
  damn , they beat [ our ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/31243144.jpg ) version . 
  there is none . 
  basically , when you hit your head harder than 20 km/h ( like in car accidents , you know , the dangerous stuff ) the effect of the helmet is negligible as you are still likely to receive brain damage . 
  the direct intercity from belgium only stops in noi and hollands spoor , not central . 
  let me copy from a different source : wearing a helmet while riding a bike cuts down on the chance of head injuries but increases the chance of neck injuries by the same amount . 
    almost no-one in the netherlands wears a helmet while riding a bike . 
  it 's not really necessary . 
    edit : in australia when the bike helmet became mandatory the amount of people that wore a helmet rose from 30 to 90 percent . 
    the amount of cyclists dropped by 30 % . 
  the total amount of bike related injuries dropped 22 % . 
  the amount of injuries per cyclist rose after making a helmet mandatory . 
    a bike helmet does not provide a large amount of protection for crashes over 20 km/h as it is not cushioned . 
  it does bot protect you against brain damage . 
    http://plazilla.com/page/4295011941/fietshelmen-bieden-minder-veiligheid-dan-we-denken   that is a dutch article on the subject , it features two graphs . 
  the first one shows bike related injuries ( vertical ) set against percentage that wears bike helmets ( vertical )   the second graph shows the amount of injuries ( vertical ) set against the age ( horizontal ) . 
  the pink graph is the figure for motor vehicle related accidents ( cars , motorcycles , trucks etc. ), 
  and the blue one is for non motor vehicle related injuries . 
    you can clearly see here that motor related incidents are responsible for a major amount of bike injuries and as i said before , bicycle helmets do not offer a lot of protection against high speed impacts . 
    edit2 : the first graph is bicycle related deaths per billion kilometer . 
  yes , the netherlands as a country does not have much in the sense of raw materials . 
  the economy mainly runs on know how , chemical industries and trade . 
  this results in showing extremely unbalanced trade deficits/surpluses from/to certain countries . 
  you mean like ~ 50 % of the bike paths in the netherlands ? 
  it 's not so much the bike paths but more the general attitude of motorists to cyclists that inhibits bike usage in many countries . 
  live imagery : http://moex.com/en/, 
  the dutch wording is a lot more precise than the others imho . 
  ` friendly nations ' cos north korea aint gon na do that shit . 
  the netherlands also has conscription , all men between 18 and 65 are conscripted but there is no active service . 
  this looks familiar ... 
  well , to be fair , the netherlands has one of the best plumbing systems in the world as well as the cleanest tap water in the world . 
  source : uncle works for water company and is proud of his job .
