  like ... 
  the krim ? 
  putin it in me . 
  well he is in the headlines . 
  maybe it 's not that bad . 
  same as in sweden , i think . 
  i am to young to know this , but was the bosnia war handled as a thread to world security ? 
  the recent ukraine conflict sure brought the cold war sentiment back up . 
  they ( nato and russia ) even started to do military muscle flexing and stuff . 
  sure , bosnia was a horrible conflict , but had it the same international consequences ? 
  can somebody call the czar ? 
  we probably need one very soon . 
  / thread, 
  same thing . 
  basically . 
  you are indeed correct . 
  ( but do n't make it too long . 
  it makes you sound cocky  ), 
  ja ja , zad is a great plan !, 
  does that mean , we * have * to let the whales go extinct ? 
  i hope they have transparent aluminum !, 
  / r/kreiswichs is spilling, 
  left part of the picture : claire and frank underwood from the drama ` house of cards ' ( he 's running for us president in the series ) right part of the picture : polish presidential candidate, 
  of course the train could be repainted , but it is the logo of a estonian railroad company . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eesti_raudtee i did some quick research myself , because i was curious too . 
  it was never supposed to be funny . 
  it 's satire ( if you read it in context ) . 
  i sure am buddy , i sure am . 
  apparently discussing with narrow minded idiots . 
  if you 're american , wtf are you doing in / r/europe ? 
  do n't you have your own conservative overlord trump to worship ? 
  gtfo my lawn . 
  i see where this will end . 
  if i 'm in fact a muslim , you should breath some fresh air outside of your russian troll factory . 
  that 'll clear your head . 
   it actually does . 
  ask the aborigines , natives , etc what happens when you have mass immigration . 
  sorry ... what ? 
  i missed the part where refugees came with tanks ( equivalent to ships over land ? ), 
  to germany . 
  you are talking about conquering . 
  but that 's not happening . 
  except you think you are weak and thus fear to be conquered . 
   you are a muslim pretending to be a german . 
  you are n't fooling anyone . 
  i almost blew some air out of my nostrils . 
  that 's how funny this comment is . 
   talk about tinfoil ... you think millions of people just decided to move all at once ? 
  my ancestors ( and many many more ) fled to germany because they were not longer wanted in poland because they were german . 
  ever heard of schlesien ? 
   all of that happens all over the world . 
  how many colombians/south americans/etc have flooded germany ? 
  not many . 
  but the usa wants to have a word with you about mexicans . 
  but i guess there is also some kind of conspiracy theory about that  how many africans are in germany ? 
  actually there are some . 
  did n't have to attend some tribe rituals yet . 
  that makes me sad . 
   you are most likely a muslim ... 
  i consider myself an atheist . 
  and also a humanist for that matter . 
   what you are witnessing is the international cabal ( germany/europe + middle eastern countries ) funding a transfer of population from the middle east to europe . 
  because of the tinfoil industry . 
  people like you increase the revenue . 
   the question is why ? 
  petty reasons , really . 
  death , war , radical islamists , suppressive governments and bunch of other reasons we westerners do n't even dream of . 
  but i guess they are just lazy and really could fight for themselves . 
  immigration destroys whole countries . 
  everyone knows that !, 
  the are literally dozens of examples . 
  except there are n't . 
  it 's just the typical fear mongering . 
  not really , no . 
  where did you hear that ? 
  if we really want to close our borders , we have to act fast . 
  the ex-ddr death strip guards are dying and we need their knowledge if we ever wan na be effective in guarding our borders . 
  / s pray tell me , how are my human rights violated when my country helps refugees . 
  i am really curious about that theory . 
  every city/municipal has to keep some refugees . 
  buchenwald and dachau are real cities , you know ? 
  i just read the article about buchenwald though . 
  i guess the difference between now and then is that a refugee can always leave the place and do n't have to be afraid to be systematically killed by the german government . 
  what about them ? 
  i have no idea what you mean . 
  please enlighten me . 
  you usually not getting murdered ( by the state ) in a jail . 
  at least that 's how it 's going down in germany . 
  if you call an ` asylunterkunft ' a concentration camp you are misinformed all over the place . 
  just google it and look at the pictures . 
  i too will enjoy the ` runterw\u00e4hl fest ' . 
  / r/europe is infested with right/far-right sentiment . 
  because they may steal your iphone , you want them deny their human rights ? 
  we germans have word for that . 
  we also learned from hitler , so we 're not big fans of detention centers . 
  edit : awwww . 
  you guys are so easily teased . 
  i get it now !, 
  feminists want to be touched in public by strangers . 
  that 's why they hate all men .
