needs more cheese !, 
  lets hope for the best !, 
  is he ok ? 
  this only happens if they caught you repeatedly and very very drunk . 
  this is a very good read indeed . 
  i bet she could write even more than just one book . 
  do n't let russia notice that . 
  who is that guy on the yellow flags ? 
  maybe worshipers of satan . 
  this is somewhat absurde . 
  a fascist party that wants a stronger european country . 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  at all . 
  you mean ` ze germans ' ? 
  germany at war ? 
  with ursula ? 
  maybe the enemy would be send to the stille treppe ( like putin ) , but nothing more will happen . 
  thanks !, 
  you say i 'm gay !? 
  this sounds so funny in german . 
  because , you know , the \u00e4\u00f6\u00fc is a thing here too . 
  at the moment it looks like angela merkel is afraid of the diplomatic backslash . 
  she could show some real power . . 
  but no , she prefers to be a coward . 
  imho, 
  they 're equally enraged about both facts . 
  at least the people . 
  the news and the politicians . . not so much . 
  sadly . 
  ** germany ** * the nsa affair hit the fan * ( the over 9000th ) discussion about a new german wide toll system for normal cars ( vignette ) * we 're still forming a new government * the rainy autumn is here, 
  are you implying i am a nationalist ? 
  that i like to see a germany who rules all other ` lesser ' countries ? 
  man . 
  these trolls nowadays . 
  you are right . 
  no one should ever say something against unconstitutional surveillance and spying on other allied nations . 
  or anything that is n't right in a country for that matter . 
  it 's kinda the same way with the ddr or the nazis . 
  the witnesses should have shut the fuck up about the camps and the killing . 
  i mean the guards have families too , right ? 
  and the bad reputation for germany ... oh my . . man , i hate to pull the nazi card . 
  and i 'm even german ... tl ; dr : fuck the truth !, 
  i too imagine my country as a lawless wasteland with no obligations to granted asylum and people who seek it . 
  you just have no idea about germany , do you ? 
  i agree . 
  but to be honest , that 's a completely different matter and has nothing to do with too many german exports . 
  as far as i understand it , they criticize us because we 're having to many exports and exploiting the ` weak ' euro . 
  how can we do that ? 
  we should control our economy and make our products more expensive ? 
  and that from a country that strongly believes in open markets and the survival of the fittest ? 
  this is pure bullshit and i think they want to pull the public back on their side . 
  yeah we spy the whole world , but look at them !, 
  they 're hurting the global economy !, 
  yeah , uh , i 'm going to put my tinfoil hat back on . 
  i do n't . 
  they should clean their own mess first before they accuse others . 
  also : europe = !, 
  germany or any other country . 
  we are n't that far . 
  yet . 
  these countries needed to put tight reforms to their spending . 
  there was a reason why the greeks for example rioted in the streets . 
  oh , and als because of their shitty government who lied to them and the rest of the world . 
  austerity measures of course !, 
  not buying stuff and raising taxes for the rich makes a country poor . 
  did n't you know that ?? 
  we keep all the money for ourselves and do n't help the other countries in the euro zone ? 
  we totally not paid the most of the money into the rescue fond , issued a few years ago . 
  we did n't gave loads of money to help the poor economies in europe to survive the crash . 
  that must 've been in some other universe . 
  what . 
  the . 
  just go to aldi and buy some red stuff with alcohol in tetra packs . 
  if you close your eyes and think about rainbows n ' shit , it 'll taste like real wine . 
  you call that beer ?? 
  luckily the last austrian prince killed himself in a car accident . 
  no war was started . 
  yet . 
  really ? 
  oettinger ripens for 6000 years ? 
  i wonder why it 's so cheap then ... tl ; dr : haters gon na hate . 
  oettinger is teh shit !, 
  ( _ someone _ had to say it ! ), 
  the word germany appears to often imho , but the meaning is not repetitive . 
  fun fact : d\u00f6ner kebab was invented in berlin . 
  it means `` spinning kebab ( roast ) '', 
  that was for 4-5 days . 
  now its 5 \u00b0 c. 
  had to turn on the heater ... 
  i 'm really sick of this shitty weather . 
  give us our summer ( spring ) back !, 
  sincerly , germany, 
  thank you . 
  a mod with some common sense . 
   muslims tend to not like the us riiiiight . 
  sure . 
  that 's why most of the muslims in the usa try to destroy the us from within ? 
  or another example : my american colleague is just lucky that my 3 muslim colleagues do n't try to kill him ? 
  so much bullshit . 
  unbelievable .
