you 're off the mark here . 
  ukip are against the mass influx of unskilled economic migrants . 
  his wife is a skilled worker , not a manual labourer . 
  i disagree wholeheartedly with the ukip stance , however to equate the two as you are doing and calling it hypocritical is incorrect . 
  no it 's not hypocritical . 
  ukip are against the mass immigration of unskilled labour not skilled workers like his wife and secretary . 
  i disagree with this position but it 's not hypocritical . 
  you spectacularly miss the point . 
  he * did n't deliver * on the platform he ran on . 
  that is n't at all relevant to the point i 'm making . 
  no obama simply carried out bush 's withdrawal schedule . 
  this was already in place before he even came into office . 
  obama failed to deliver on his campaign promise to get the troops out the moment he was elected . 
  edit : link https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vlxfs1k04g, 
  yet it was a democrat president which carried out the slow withdrawal schedule chalked up by bush 's republican presidency . 
  that is of course despite saying during his presidential campaign that you can `` take [ it ] to the bank '' that if elected he would withdraw troops immediately . 
  it 's all smoke and mirrors and by and large the democrats are just as pro-war as the republicans . 
  no you 've got this backwards it 's your burden as the accusor to prove that he did support it not the other way round . 
  heretic . 
  i 've also studied economics . 
  i also looked at the eu when doing geopolitics . 
  so i would consider myself well-informed . 
  i would happily debate you on all the claims you made but unfortunately the hive mind round here mass downvotes any posts which criticise the eu so i 'm limited to the odd post every now and again making the whole process all too tedious . 
  i would just posit you this : the vast majority of people who * support * the eu also do n't know anything about economics or the eu 's workings but do so simply for ideological reasons . 
  anti-eu vs pro-eu is n't about levels of intelligence and it 's arrogant to think it is . 
  besides there are things i hold views on which i know fuck all about too . 
  so do you because it 's impossible to know everything . 
  i do n't think you should have to be an expert to hold a view and remember : experts disagree all the time , and sometimes even a general consensus of experts have proven to be wrong as events transpired . 
  when you 're choosing between a criminal and a loon you know that it 's going to be disastrous either way . 
  i love how remainers seem to think that the vote not going their way means that the public needs to be properly ` educated ' . 
  it 's political snobbery at its worst . 
  lot 's of people have expressed regret at a remain vote too . 
  do n't just lap up media hyperbole to suit your agenda . 
  a poll conducted by yougov showed that even if every one who regretted their voted changed it that result would still be the same . 
  this whole ` britain does n't want brexit anymore ' is a complete myth . 
  the majority still does and anything less would be a betrayal of the british electorate . 
  i 'm so proud that my constituency ( sutton and cheam ) bucked the trend of the area surrounding us . 
  i would be sorely dissapointed if our local mp did n't vote in accordance with his constituent 's wishes . 
  and he would make himself unelectable come the next ge if he does n't . 
   all uneducated rqcists are leave voters . 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  you actually treat things like this as true . 
  for you it 's not a little joke but appeals to your delusions , sense of righteousness and smug sense of superiority . 
  i know quite a few uneducated racists who voted remain , quit with the generalisations . 
  you do n't even live in this country yet you 're making sweeping assumptions based solely on your little echochamber of / r/europe . 
  the real world is different mate , sorry to burst your bubble . 
  you 're being deliberately obtuse now but people who bash immigrants tend to be racist no ? 
  she literally said she felt at home politically bashing immigrants ... 
  yes . 
  the video was portraying leaver voters as racist , i said the circlejerkers of / r/europe will treat that as reality , then you said that that reality applied to me ... 
   it 's the other way around , son . 
  it 's both . 
  hence why the uk and eu are dependent on each other for trade . 
   you 're kidding yourself if you think the world 's largest economy will be missing a local market ( albeit a big one ) more than the local market will miss the world 's largest economy . 
  i have never claimed that the uk would n't miss the eu market . 
  i said the exact opposite in fact . 
   literally all important eu officials have expressed the position that the sooner brexit happens , the better . 
  it 's the uk that 's stalling . 
  i was referring to the build up to the referendum vote but i accept that i should have been clearer on that . 
  similarly though , you are kidding yourself if you think the eu would n't miss one of its biggest economies . 
  apart from the majority of / r/europe who actually think this is the case . 
  you should have seen the live thread on election night . 
  it was full of vitriol towards the ` uneducated ' and ` racist ' leave voters . 
  good satire is an accurate parody , an exaggerated imitation of something which is actually the case . 
  this is not that . 
  wait what ? 
  not wanting to be stereotyped as a racist makes me a racist ? 
  that 's quite some mental gymnastics there mate . 
  yeah , because anti-eu satire does so well round here lol . 
  the problem is that when the eu fanatics on here treating it as gospel then it stops being satire but just another cog in the / r/europe circlejerk . 
  problem is when clear satire like this goes around the echo chamber that is / r/europe the euphiles here actually treat it as reality . 
  yes , leave voters are definitely comparable to islamic terrorists . 
  that 's totally an equivalent comparison . 
  nationalist policies tend to be socially right wing , and economically left wing . 
  as someone who is libertarian leaning that means i am socially left wing and economically right wing . 
  of course left-right is a simplification but you get the general idea . 
  for example on [ this scale ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eryizae.gif ) , this is [ where i stand ] ( http://i.imgur.com/f6cghs0.png ) . 
  that 's the opposite to nationalists on both economic and social axis . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/ ) i do n't sure why i have to ` prove ' anything to you by the way . 
  my views are my own . 
  ah a video characterising all leave voters as ignorant racists . 
  / r/europe will love this !, 
  how on earth did you manage to jump to that conclusion from my post lol ? 
  especially given how my second paragraph is about how the uk is dependent on the single market . 
  i 'm not nationalistic in the slightest that 's quite the assumption you 've made there , i 'm just a realist and the fact is both the uk and the eu are dependent on each other . 
  for the record , nationalism is the polar opposite on the political sprectrum to my views so i resent being called such . 
  i actually find it quite presumptious of you to assume that everyone who is not a euphile is a nationalist . 
  i think it is a good think that they exist . 
  i just do n't think government should be intervening to force it that way . 
  the fact that more and more journals are a becoming open access anyway is more of an argument * for * a more laissez-fair approach in my opinion . 
  the uk is the eu 's main export . 
  the german car industry would be chunked without the uk market for example . 
  you 're kidding yourself if you do n't think losing the 5th ( ? ), 
  largest economy in the world would n't gravely impact the eu . 
  why else do you thing the top eurocrats have been sitting bricks and pulling all the properganda stops to prevent it ? 
  of course , japan wants britain to remain part of the single market , but to suggest they can simply move everything to mainland europe is completely naive . 
  even for the richest of japanese firms , uprooting and moving production and expertise elsewhere is a huge financial undertaking . 
  the article only talks about transferring their head-office functions to continental europe . 
  the meat of the jobs and industry will remain in the uk . 
  also , this is a non-issue .
