... what does that have to do with anything ? 
  according to alexa , 42,5 % of visitors to skyscanner are from the uk . 
  i 'm from germany and i had never heard of that site . 
  its alexa rank in germany is somewhere around 2200 , not really what i would call popular . 
  for example , the first flight search website in germany that i could think of ( fluege.de ) sits at 448 , even though everyone i know uses google flights . 
  i think that source is definitely questionable , as using skyscanner as the only metric leads to biased results . 
  edit : domewhere -  somewhere, 
  i do n't quite get what you mean . 
  if - and only if - you consider terrorism a non-negligible risk , then it applies to everyone , not just a portion of people . 
  it could have just as well hit me or anyone else , so everyone 's risking their own lives , too . 
  of course i 'll have to mention that i do n't consider terrorism to be a significant threat compared to the problems we already have to deal with . 
  i feel like i 'm missing your point though , maybe because english is not my first language . 
  my apologies for that . 
  thanks . 
  what do you mean by shuffle ? 
  oh , i 've lost people before . 
  not to terrorism , but to much bigger issues than that . 
  i know how it hurts , but i would never want anyone to stay silent because of it . 
  i do , but i do n't think that should matter in this case . 
  honestly , so do i. 
  i 'd still prefer to speak my mind , thank you . 
  well , i did n't make those statements . 
  telling me that i should not voice my opinion because there are other people whose opinion ` might differ ' ? 
  okay then . 
  well , / u/kotwworku did call us stupid . 
  i can only speak for myself and my social circles , obviously , but we accept that eastern europe does n't want to let in refugees . 
  they could still help in other ways , though , which they are n't really doing . 
  the only country considered racist and xenophobic is hungary , and honestly , that 's hard to deny . 
  never said it was smart , just that it was the right thing to do . 
  you are saying that you hope terrorists kill people that i love , and you 're being upvoted ? 
  that 's a pretty hateful comment and honestly makes me think that people like you are the problem . 
  i have indeed not lost anyone to terrorism , and chances are high that i never will , considering how few people actually get killed in terrorist attacks . 
  but i do n't think that 's a requirement for voicing my opinion - unless you want ro silence more than 80 million germans for this reason . 
  that argument honestly does n't make sense . 
  the vast majority of germans ( like 99.99 % ) have n't lost anyone to terrorism . 
  should we all just shut up ? 
  yes , i have talked to lots of refugees , few of them women . 
  i also regularly talk to muslim immigrants , both male and female , and have been guest at an afghan wedding recently . 
  i do not deny that more needs to be done for integration , if thst 's what you 're getting at . 
  i do n't think you can say that it 's going to be like this ` forevermore ' , but yes , armed police patrolling the christmas markets and concrete bollards seem to be reasonable options for now . 
  and i do n't know how things are where you 're from , but here , women do n't normally need to ask anyone to allow them to walk anywhere at any time . 
  sorry , i do n't get your point . 
  i 'm not arguing that something has to change ? 
  and i know that it will escalate . 
  but honestly , i do n't think this is some sort of crisis . 
  it 's a problem , yes , but i do n't like people acting like my country was on the brink of destruction . 
  first of all , the majority of germans was in favor of letting them in , so this is kinda pointless , but here is one reason : https://www.hrw.org/news/2015/09/11/hungary-abysmal-conditions-border-detention, 
  how so ? 
  i agree , it 's not the best reasoning . 
  but that 's how it is . 
  not letting them in was not an option , no-one else would have done it . 
  and i think germany was and still is the country most well-equipped to deal with it , so it was our responsibility . 
  because someone had to . 
  i 'm sorry if you got that impression . 
  i 'm not happy with the status quo , i 'm saying that it 's acceptable . 
  as i said a few comments above , i believe we should have done more to deal with the problem before it even reached europe , and i still think that 's the way to go . 
  history has shown that the prize of liberty and morality is always high - whole wars were fought about it . 
  so yes , deaths are something that is to be expected . 
  i do n't know , probably because our police ca n't deal with everyone at once . 
  i never said anything like that . 
  no , the answers are : 1 ) they never did . 
  2 ) only hungary . 
  3 ) not enough to sacrifice our moral values . 
  i 'm not saying it 's okay , i hope that he gets caught and punished soon . 
  that does n't mean i think it 's acceptable to answer hate with even more hate - that 'll lead us nowhere . 
  please stop insulting me by twisting my words like that . 
  i do not want anyone to be killed - german or not . 
  i do n't hate people in my country , and that accusation is honestly hugely insulting . 
  we also did n't encourage it , i 'm merely saying that we knew the risks and we were prepared to accept them . 
  this may sound disrespectful to the families of the victims , but still - we all knew this was going to happen and i think most of us believe that it is a price we are willing to pay for upholding our moral values . 
  absolutely agree . 
  even though i do n't even like cheese . 
  those times are over , sadly . 
  still , i think the spd is more concerned about social justice than any other party - discounting the left for being a little nuts . 
  i disagree with that . 
  i agree that die linke can be considered far-left , but the spd and the greens definitely can not . 
  so please do n't act like that . 
  also , i do n't know if rrg would be a solution to this problem , but as there are many other things in this country that need to be taken care of , i think it 's a valid option . 
  i think most germans ( most , not all ) knew that this was going to happen sooner or later . 
  eastern europeans are not generally considered selfish assholes as far as i can tell , that 's just hungary . 
  if i remember correctly , we have prevented quite a few attacks , but yes , in a country as big and as populated as germany , this was bound to happen sooner or later . 
  i do n't know what you mean by ` please accept that others do not want to be that stupid . 
  ' , but i 'd answer with : please do n't call us stupid for dealing with this situation differently than you ? 
  i absolutely agree with you , except for the enforcing of borders . 
  if you 're talking about eu borders here , then yes , we should have . 
  if you 're talking about intra-european borders , then no , enforcing them would not be the right thing to do in my opinion . 
  i think that the eu ( and germany ) should have done a lot more to get the situation under control before the massive influx of refugees even became a real problem . 
  but still , i do agree that opening our borders and saying ` willkommen ' to those refugees that were already in europe and being treated poorly by hungary was the right decision and , even though i personally did n't and wo n't vote for merkel , i think she did the right thing here . 
  you know , as a matter of fact , i am . 
  i 've talked to refugees in my city , as me and many people i know volunteer to help them where we can . 
  most of them are good people that i enjoy talking to - if the language barriers allow it . 
  the majority are just as devastated about the berlin attack as native germans are , and they and i are afraid that this is going to be used as an excuse to spread hate and fear again by the far-right . 
  i thought that the time of letting fear control our actions were over , but some people apparently did n't learn anything from our history . 
  why ? 
  which mames in particular do you think are bad ? 
  obviously . 
  what i meant was english spellings that still sound ( almost ) the same . 
  like k\u00f6ln -  cologne , for example . 
  yes , 2 ns in german . 
  lots of german city names are actually spelt differently in english .
