  therefore , if somalia was the size of russia , somalia would have more slaves . 
  if russia were the size of india , india would have more . 
  if australia were the size of russia , russia would still have more . 
  russia has more indisputably and should be doing more to stop that , but comparisons should be per capita . 
  its a grossly unfair comparison otherwise . 
  i 'll try and give an example : * in 2012 , unodc reported 14,827 murders in the usa ( 318 million people ) , at a rate of 4.7 per 100k people . 
  contrasted with this , iraq ( 33.4 million ) saw 2.628 and a rate of 8.0 per 100k people . 
  by your logic , you are more likely to be murdered in the usa than iraq . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ) in the case of slavery in qatar , workers are coming into the country because of the world cup . 
  stadium construction is what 's pulling them in . 
   russia has killed way more people in ukraine than slaves dying in qatar . 
  russia also has more slaves than qatar , plus racism . 
  its a fair point to argue russia 's involvement in ukraine should mean its stripped of the world cup , but that 's not a fair comparison . 
  the people dying in qatar are dying whilst constructing world cup stadiums . 
  if fifa did n't give the world cup to qatar , that would n't be happening . 
  russia 's world cup has nothing to do with the war in ukraine . 
  this graph shows the death rate as of [ 16 may 2014 ] ( http://www.londonlovesbusiness.com/pictures/web/r/m/y/qatar-world-cup-graph-update_466.png ) . 
  if you 're going to compare the total number of deaths caused by russia in ukraine , then compare it to the total number of deaths caused by qatar in its foreign policy activities . 
  its because people want simple arguments rather than the actual complexity involved in managing a country or economic bloc . 
  its always been this way and probably always will be . 
   but i guess the `` call of duty '' generation is not capable of critical thinking or even having an opinion without having clear villain presented to them . 
  the `` call of duty '' generation is a group of teenagers now . 
  they 'll get older , and with that comes perspective . 
  there 's nothing remarkable about them , just as with us or anyone before us . 
  the rapidity reflects a number of things . 
  the ecb is knowingly using qe to devalue the euro and bump up exports . 
  meanwhile , the us is acting to strengthen the dollar , which hurts us exports . 
  both those together exacerbate the effects on each other . 
  but , both the ecb and the fed have implemented their policies fully aware of what the other is and most likely will be doing . 
  the bit of unexpectedness and cause for worry comes from the returning stories about greece leaving the euro . 
  that 's because it represents more of an unknown . 
  but that 's still only a slice of the pie . 
  the amount of press it gets reflects it being serious economically , but also serious on a political and social level because it harms the prospects and promises of the eu at its core . 
  its deliberate as part of the ez 's qe policy , so it can be considered normal to that extent . 
  if it were happening with no stimulus from frankfurt , then it would be bad . 
  that it has had to happen after years of the ecb saying it would n't use qe and failing with all other policies is more reflective of the strength of the eurozone . 
  concentration camps were used by weyler ( spanish ) during the cuban rebellion , and by general sherman in the american civil war , both of which pre-date british camps in south africa . 
  that said , neither were used well and both had famine . 
  the british were the first to use them in the way we now define them . 
  i also do n't know to what extent britain was ` inspired ' by spain and america , or if it was an ` original invention ' . 
   committed genocide that 's been happening since ancient times , just nowhere near to the scale of modern genocides . 
  good point actually !, 
  no need to reduce yourselves to the same petty level . 
  this is probably a threat they never intend to implement , probably to stoke public support . 
  its pretty redundant given germany could do the exact same and confiscate greek property in germany . 
  they 're also likely aware that going ahead with this would shatter any credibility and trust in this government , killing foreign investment like you say . 
  yay , further increases to property prices in london !, 
   ultimately this protectionism is exactly why we are spending so much to get so little yes and no . 
  europe as a whole could be more efficient with a more streamlined defence industry . 
  but at considerable losses to many of the players . 
  the uk defence industry is worth # 22.1 billion to the uk economy , and not all of that is uk government contracts . 
  taking an axe to any department in the name of integration means considerable redundancies . 
  multiply that problem for each major defence manufacturer and you 've got a massive lobby against integration . 
  its quite similar to recent setbacks in the europe wide roaming charges issue . 
  it sounds great at first , but we know the long-term conclusion is that a few major players will dominate the industry , at considerable losses to the industries of all other nations . 
  hence objection by the member states that will lose out . 
  that would decimate each major nation 's defence industry . 
  in the uk for example , submarines and ships are produced domestically . 
  in france it is the same . 
  so one of those industries is going to be hit hard . 
  planes are predominantly british built as well in the uk ( eurofighter is backed by multiple nations , but each one builds their own ) . 
  the uk also makes billions selling planes to saudi arabia . 
  france of course builds its own planes , and looks set to make billions from a deal with india . 
  that 's just planes , submarines and ships , and a very much generalised example . 
  it still shows the difficulty of uniting procurement on a european level . 
  my only hope is that if russia did that , it is not dismissed as garbage propaganda intended to destabilise us . 
  the last thing i want is the possible plausible deniability this would give to the people russia names . 
  he is and is n't . 
  joining the euro is compulsory , that is strictly true . 
  but only when you meet the criteria . 
  therefore ( see sweden ) , deliberately miss the criteria each time . 
  no euro . 
  no complaints . 
  it seems to omit the native english speaking countries . 
  it should n't do though , because its potentially interesting . 
  [ from a separate article ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-21259401 ) based on the 2011 census . 
  * 138,000 speak no english * some 4 million - or 8 % - reported speaking a different main language other than english or welsh ( most probably speak english though ) . 
  * the top 10 reported languages were english , followed by polish , panjabi , urdu , bengali , gujarati , arabic , french , chinese and portuguese . 
  hopefully nobody , hence why having that power is necessary . 
  the exact same can be said of nato now : given nato 's power ( which is considerably more than any eu army ) , who would be foolish enough to invade . 
  yet this place is flooded with people that are certain nato land will be invaded . 
  plus its not just there to protect us from invasion . 
  the benefits of an expeditionary military is interventions , such as iraq in the first gulf war , bosnia and the french recently in mali . 
  the benefits of such a military are also evident in the success the military had in the first invasions of afghanistan and iraq , though the long-term plans ( or lack thereof ) meant these were flawed thereafter . 
  its true that selling off all your assets is a bad idea , and there 's definitely been some very poor privatisations in the uk ( the railways being an obvious one ) . 
  but the examples chosen seem at odds with the article . 
  the author immediately concedes that british leyland is enjoying a renaissance since its foreign takeover . 
   for centuries britain , courtesy of empire and overseas expansion , enjoyed a phenomenal net surplus of assets ; we owned more of the world than foreigners owned us -- so that consistently britain netted a surplus of investment income . 
  not any more . 
  yes , quite rightly we are n't able to maintain the surplus we enjoyed when subjugating and pillaging the developing world under empire . 
  the author will wholeheartedly agree , but why make a comparison to the surpluses of empire when nobody advocates that anymore . 
  intergovernmentalism has caused issues in greece , and the root cause is an unequal blueprint for integration within the ez . 
  the whole banking union without fiscal union argument is strong imo . 
  how would you have altered the eu approach to ukraine ? 
  we have very much acted as the eu , but also acknowledged our disproportionate exposure to russia . 
  no , i 'm saying that although on paper he 's called an eu general , people may well see him as a british general , or british eu general . 
  in an era when we all firmly identify as european first and identifying as british or french means the same as being a new yorker or texan , then i agree with your point . 
  that future is far far away though . 
   stuff like that already happens , so why not ? 
  that 's nice and symbolic , but those battalions have done nothing .
