  i agree the government are wrong to do this , at least for teachers . 
  in the uk the police can not strike by law . 
  i 'm fine with that and agree with the rationale ( the nature of their job ) . 
  i do n't know if other industries ( military , doctors ) are allowed . 
  firefighters did it in the uk in 2002 . 
  some people died early on , but i do n't know whether this would 've been avoidable had their been a professional service willing to work ( not the military ) . 
  both parties deserve criticism . 
  the government 's criticism is obvious . 
  the teacher 's should n't escape freely from taking a decision that harms their students . 
  the most recent teaching strike in the uk avoided exams deliberately . 
  why ? 
  because doing it then is unfair on the students , who are undoubtedly the most important part of education , and who are always caught in the crossfire between government and teaching unions . 
   i do n't see how `` that sucks for the kids '' even remotely justifies suspending the right to strike . 
  it does n't justify suspending the right to strike . 
  it justifies full criticism of the teacher 's * independent voluntary decision * to call a strike at this exact point . 
   the teachers did not give a fuck about the exams . 
  that should tell you all you need to know . 
  if these are the people charged with educating the future greek population then funding cuts are the least of the problems . 
  fwiw i 'm fully against any cuts to education , of course . 
  in that the government is wholly incorrect . 
  but the teachers should not be allowed a free hand to act however they please . 
  the very nature of their industry is justification enough for this . 
   from where i see it , the government is using the kids as their pawns in their scheme of abolishing the right to strike ( something that the government do a lot in greece lately ) , and pass measures that will deteriorate those kids ' education . 
  the teachers chose independently to strike during exams . 
  it was their decision to strike at this point rather than any other in the year , thus the teachers chose to make their students pawns . 
  of course this was in reaction to government education policy . 
  but the teachers have also chosen to harm their students , as oppose to striking at any other point . 
  both parties are causing harm and one can not scapegoat the other for its actions . 
   it does have to do everything with them . 
  the teacher 's * decision * to go on strike has nothing to do with the students . 
  that is their independent decision . 
  of course anyone going through greek education is affected by cuts , i 'm not saying otherwise . 
  my argument regarding the teachers is that they have taken a decision to strike ( a decision that harms their students ) despite the obvious negative effects it has on those students . 
  they knew this but they still chose to do it . 
  the government should n't cut education . 
  but they are n't to blame for the teacher 's * decision * to call a strike at the worst possible time . 
  yeah teachers are rightly pissed with the cuts . 
  bur their decision to strike at this point ( i.e. 
  harming their students ) speaks volumes about them . 
  its a weird thought , but we 're almost all in nato together . 
  so if turkey wants our help they get it ( patriot missiles are already there - from ger , nl , usa ) . 
  iran and syria are foreign policy problems . 
  turkey being in the eu makes no difference to that for most of the eu because we 're joined through nato anyway . 
  turkey does n't meet some of the entry criteria so people can and will say that is why . 
  and to an extent they have a point . 
  but then cypriot entry in 2004 , despite border problems on 100 % of its borders ( that 's fine for cyprus but not for turkey ? 
  despite being the exact same dispute ? ) . 
  and romania and bulgaria in 2007 , who were let in despite being ` imperfect ' because this was deemed necessary . 
  similarly , norway can be an associate member of cfsp operations , but turkey can not ? 
  turkish foreign affairs are 1000x more important than norwegian ones . 
  why one rule for these countries and another for turkey ? 
   the thing you do not understand is that because the exams are so important , that 's what makes the strike effective . 
  i fully understand that . 
  the difference is i think teaching kids should be an anomaly where that is not allowed . 
  in the uk every year the tube workers strike on boxing day . 
  every fucking year the bastards do it . 
  why ? 
  because boxing day is a ) our biggest shopping day ( private sector and vat income ) and b ) a very important family day . 
  its their ` best ' day to strike . 
  that sucks but all we lose is money and a day with relatives elsewhere in london . 
  its a very different situation to using kids as tools to get what you want . 
  a similar example is the police . 
  by law they ca n't strike in the uk . 
  why ? 
  because of all the shit that would go down without a police force . 
  they are seen as an anomaly too . 
   the government could take back their decision in order in order to look at the immediate reality and resolve the situation . 
  they can strike , just not during exams . 
  teachers strike in the uk . 
  they do n't do it during exams because they realise there are negative externalities and innocent victims of it . 
  they also realise parents will lose tons of sympathy for the teachers because their decision to strike directly fucks up the exam results and future of their kids . 
   i would accept your argument if the strike put people under threat of death or something . 
  yeah the kids are n't going to die . 
  its going to fuck their exam schedule , possibly results , and anything thereafter . 
  that sucks an untold amount for those kids specifically . 
  for that reason i find it shameful the teachers are willing to do that to their students . 
   ireland 's hopes of joining shengen would be royally scuppered afaik ireland only joins shengen once the uk as a whole joins shengen . 
  basically ireland in shengen means roi/ni borders close , which is a situation much worse than the multitude of uk/ire/eu border agreements that give us the most important part of shengen ( free travel for eu citizens ) . 
   i think it would be a signal for scotland to abandon ship . 
  if scotland votes to stay in the uk in 2014 then asking for another referendum after the uk exits the eu is going to be damn near impossible . 
  this magnitude of referendum means it does n't come around every couple of years . 
  this would also put uk/scotland relations in a new low . 
  they ca n't decide they want a referendum , then vote , then say we want another 3 years later . 
  the most important thing is what happens to the uk after . 
  if the uk gets worse and clearly suffers then the eu will grow stronger because people see the direct negative consequences of leaving ( and bear in mind the uk is one of the biggest and wealthiest nations - i.e. 
  if the uk ca n't go it alone then most other nations almost definitely can not ) . 
  however , if the uk leaves and gets much better , then other nations lose confidence in the eu . 
  they can then all see they too could be better off without brussels . 
  that puts the eu in a much more difficult position because its guarantee of us all being better as one has been broken . 
  i doubt other countries will accept a ` bail-in ' and economic policy that does n't help them when they know they could quit and do better . 
   why are you directing your hate towards the teachers and not towards the government that made the decision against them ? 
  i fully agree the government is the reason the teachers are in this position . 
  however , i 'm looking at the immediate reality : the kids that are about to suffer because their teachers have * chosen * not to be there at the most important time ( and they have chosen because they could 've chose any other day , but they 've chose during exams ) . 
   they want you to see what would happen without them doing their work so you can appreciate its importance . 
  of course someone will be harmed by them not working , that 's the whole point . 
  if a strike has no consequences , then the strikers are either not producing anything of value or are failing to show that they are . 
  again i agree . 
  but teachers have a unique responsibility in society that makes their decision to strike at this very moment an irresponsible decision . 
   it 's just one day . 
  the exam can be moved to a different day .
