  yes yes yes yes , and yes . 
  the rbs one confuses the hell out of me . 
  sure split the good and bad bit , but why not keep rbs until they are profitable , then see if its better to privatise ( with the lessons learnt from thatcher 's privatisations ) . 
  if its not better to privatise then keep them government owned . 
  they 're a fucking bank and banks make tons of cash . 
  if we absolutely have to privatise then lets get rbs ' share price above what we bought them for , then sell them . 
  nobody in the country would oppose making a profit !, 
  i was under the impression that catalonia was much more wealthy by comparison to the rest of spain than scotland is to the rest of the uk ( not saying scotland is poor at all ) , thus meaning catalan independence has long-term negative effects on the rest of spain . 
  obviously this is subject to what happens after catalan independence , i.e. 
  not in the eu therefore they 're fucked until they get let in ( and all member states including spain can veto their entry ) . 
  the spanish veto is also a problem for scottish independence for this reason ( much like how spain does n't recognise kosovo despite the wider international community saying it should , and kosovo having nothing to do with spain ) . 
  what are the chances of catalonia becoming independent ? 
  ( very ) briefly speaking , the uk is relatively confident both it and independent scotland would be fine , but spain seems very different . 
  fuck it , i 'm not missing the opportunity . 
  most european countries tax electricity pretty well , and obviously use that to invest in social welfare and the like . 
  only in britain can we have such overwhelming amounts of money going to private corporations and thus giving them such a monopoly control of our energy . 
  and two of those corporations , edf and e.on , are french and german owned . 
  so our money , as oppose to going to our government , actually goes to france and germany . 
  the eu gave france two extra years to rein in its deficit . 
  what if france does n't do that ? 
  is there a punishment that would n't make things worse ? 
  strange that we do n't tax it more . 
  it sounds like something our government would love to do !, 
  are we calling it the great recession from now on ? 
  i 've never heard that before . 
  i agree , but its an intriguing position to take . 
  its a hypocritical argument to basically state : ` brussels , capital of the european union - no muslims allowed ' . 
  feel free to swap muslim with whoever you see as their no. 1 target , i used it only to make an example . 
  what is the political perspective of le soir ? 
  i have no sympathy for them whatsoever . 
  brussels wanted to be the eu capital and the nato hq ( plus a load more stuff i 'd imagine ) . 
  now they complain there 's too many foreigners . 
  i 'm sure they 'd happily complain at lost revenue too if one of these hq 's moved and all the additional trade ( rents , food , leisure etc. ), 
  that the thousands of people that work here bring was taken away . 
  agreed . 
  i clicked that hoping to get angry with britain . 
  but yay us . 
  question is how is it so cheap for us ? 
  what 's the deal with these guys beyond the eu ? 
  although ukip primarily campaign on an anti-eu and anti-immigration level , they have been dogged by racist and/or sexist scandals . 
  they suffer a bit of a bad press that makes the most of everything , but its there nonetheless . 
  do afd have any ` shadier ' elements , or are they very well respected and just disagree with the $ ? 
  what happened with the annan plan ? 
  why did greek cyprus reject it so overwhelmingly ? 
  and more importantly , did that failed plan make clear the areas that needed addressing before a solution can be found ? 
  sounds painfully familiar . 
  good post !, 
  my country ( britain ) takes on the role of state that likes to assert its ability to quit the union when we disagree with things . 
  guess that makes us europe 's lone star state !, 
  to be honest i see it that way , but its not surprising . 
  the people that work in eu institutions are going to be 100 % pro-eu and i 'd wager that most of them with relative influence and power and pro-federal eu . 
  that does n't surprise me because to those people the eu is a wonderful thing and they wholeheartedly believe in the united states of europe . 
  they are literally working towards their dreams . 
  i 'm against a federal eu , but it would be able to better deal with problems such as the financial misery we are enjoying . 
  it would be better than the current situation in a lot of ways . 
  a simple way of looking at it is to ask if the usa would be better ( economically speaking ) if it was only as integrated as the eu . 
  obviously the usa is better as it is now than if it were the same as the eu . 
  thank you !, 
  great post ( x2 ) . 
   thus having the same democratic legitimacy as a national prime minister . 
  i can only speak for the uk but given our system the new commission president has nowhere near the same legitimacy ( i 'm not blaming the eu for this ) . 
  we vote for the party , and if that party wins then its leader becomes prime minister . 
  if i vote labour and s&d win the most seats but no ep majority , then s&d 's candidate does not become commission president ( assuming all s&d meps vote for him/her ) . 
  if they win an absolute majority then their candidate would become commission president , but that will not happen . 
  maybe the uk 's majority system is the chief reason for my confusion here . 
   if i am not mistaken , any eu citizen ( with some exceptions ) has the right to live and work wherever he/she damn well pleases . 
  end of discussion . 
  i agree with your statement . 
  i was referencing comments made by [ the interior minister . ], 
  ( http://www.dw.de/germany-blocks-schengen-membership-for-bulgaria-romania/a-16656037 ) is there any expected effects of a minimum wage on hartz iv ? 
  speaking only of economic theory ( and i appreciate this is hotly debated ) , minimum wages are argued to increase unemployment . 
  minimum wages and rising immigration would therefore mean even further unemployment . 
  that 's even more people being put through the `` heartbreaking '' hartz iv system . 
  democratising the eu gives citizens the power to elect individuals the government does n't want ( e.g. 
  imagine if nigel farage contested and won the role of uk 's eu commissioner ) . 
  consequently , member states are unwilling to allow revolutionary democratisation because its not in their interest ( versus member state appointed commissioners ) . 
  the eu knows this and the commission has previously tried to democratise itself , but member states vetoed it . 
  of course there are other smaller transparency and democratic issue in the eu , and the eu needs to address these ( not doing so is mainly because its in the eu 's interests not to ) . 
  given its the intended goal of the european union and easily the most divisive issue in europe , i think barroso is right to put this on the table as soon as possible . 
  that way people and politicians can voice their opinions on all of it and hopefully the end solution can be the best possible . 
  this is what happens in monetary union . 
  i 'm more interested to see what the germans make of it ( some politician/s were n't took keen on romanians and bulgarians i remember ) . 
  given this is a known , expected , and advocated consequence of union , there 's no place for germany to object to mass immigration . 
  in my opinion that dragon should 've been on in the first place . 
  i do n't care about its significance to the welsh , it would 've looked sweet . 
  if the left muster up enough anti-hollande support then he 's fucked . 
  the centre and right will never accept him because he 's not one of their own . 
  what 's the shortest reign for a democratically elected president to come and go ( excluding revolutions etc. 
  uk here . 
  seeing less eu flags by the minute . 
  scottish independence might be about to affect the union jack too . 
  i do n't know what flag i 'm expected to look towards anymore . 
  its not pleasant news seeing their gains , but people must remember there 's 2 years to go before the general election . 
  that 's plenty of time for ukip to unravel ( they have n't announced policy other than eu exit , and they are n't even specific on that ) . 
  as you say , plenty of time for their councillors to do stuff wrong . 
  i think the debates , if they happen again , will be the main 3 and no more . 
  if another party will be added then its ukip , but i think the main 3 will block that . 
  that is , unless they see a golden opportunity to destroy farage . 
  but even then they will first account for who ukip will take seats from . 
  if its the tories then labour and the lib dems wo n't care .
