  presumably the 200 % increase occurred because only a tiny amount of people had hiv . 
  as of [ 2009 , ] ( http://hiv-stats.realclearworld.com/l/108/greece ) 8,800 people had it ( 0.08 % ) . 
  therefore , either 26,400 or 0.24 % are now hiv + . 
  needles will be a big contributor to that , do n't doubt the ability of starved heroin addicts to make terribly risky decisions . 
  i agree efta negotiations would be a nightmare . 
  although its in everyone 's interests , europe * as the eu * holds the advantage . 
  the nuances are how divided the eu is in this , put simplistically as which nations stand to gain and lose the most from the uk entering efta . 
  the uk has every chance of securing agreements for itself , but i agree it wo n't be straightforward . 
  as for regulations , the ones adopted relate only to trade . 
  they do not cover : cap and fisheries ( though what products can be traded are covered ) , customs union , common trade , cfsp , justice & home affairs , emu . 
  [ page 1 . 
  ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/document/activities/cont/201108/20110818att25100/20110818att25100en.pdf ) i do n't want the uk to leave . 
  but from what i understand , the majority of opposition ( based on ukip voted polls ) is immigration based ( its actually immigration 1 , and eu 2 ) . 
  either making people understand the poor arguments advanced by ukip or gaining some sort of immigration leeway hopefully kills the ukip/eu problem . 
  speaking exclusively of cfsp , as i understand it norway 's troop contribution would require norwegian consent . 
  the eu ca n't simply decide to send the norwegians off to conflict without consultation . 
  norway also has invitations to relevant delegations , again because of the sensitivity of foreign affairs and because norway and the eu 's broader security interests are practically identical . 
  the uk would fall into this same bracket . 
  being outside the eu does n't change security worries and the uk 's military equipment / regulations are certainly equal to if not above what the eu expects . 
  again , speaking only of cfsp , the uk 's 1st or 2nd highest contribution to cfsp will surely lead to a favourable position in it . 
  defence spending is going down across europe . 
  the uk 's gap wo n't be filled here . 
  i 'm aware other nations act against integration where it suits them . 
  similarly , i agree the uk is amongst ( and likely the most ) eurosceptic eu members ( not necessarily a bad thing ) . 
  my argument against your statement is that it seems to single out the uk as a sole objector to a large amount of integration , whereas as i understand it the uk has objected to things alongside a number of other nations . 
  similarly , the uk has supported things other nations opposed . 
   their support of the us against the eu in a few cases ( iraq war for instance for the last outrageous one ) . 
  i do n't agree with the iraq war . 
  the uk and poland were the only eu nations that partook in the invasion . 
  but [ 13 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multi-national_force_\u2013_iraq ) other eu nations ( voluntarily under nato ) also partook thereafter . 
  that makes 15 with uk and poland . 
  again , i do n't agree with the war . 
  the uk alone ? 
  or the uk and a list of other nations depending on the context ? 
   prevented a shit-load of integration how much integration has the uk alone prevented ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  ftt is implemented by 11 countries , that 's not even a majority . 
  budget vetoes were offered by the uk and a group including france , italy , and many more . 
  the recent budget update was opposed by the uk , sweden , denmark , and the netherlands . 
  stuff the uk * alone * has blocked i support your argument for . 
  i agree , but it depends on our strategy . 
  of course every nation is different , but the efta nations do fine without eu membership . 
  and if they manage to push forward with all the anti-tax haven and fiscal equality type legislation then luxembourg is about to relinquish a fuck load of income ( i 'm personally excited to see how the eu navigates around the luxembourg issue ) . 
  i foresee efta membership or a separate fta with the eu , its in everyone 's interests . 
  at that point we have the bit of the eu we 've always wanted - the single market . 
  we wanted it to be as deep as possible , and continually support enlargement e.g. 
  turkey for that reason . 
  that 's not working . 
  stuff like foreign policy can be achieved through nato instead , plus associate membership in cfsp ala norway ( again everyone 's interests ) . 
  if france mocks belgium more than belgium mocks france then tbh i think your statement supports my argument . 
  at least with britain you 'd be picking on a direct rival instead of the little guy . 
  poor little belgium !, 
  in which case its a good decision if true . 
  if true being the focus of the debate i guess . 
  thanks !, 
  based on scotland , catlan independence means you have to apply for eu entry . 
  1 ) would a prolonged time outside the eu hurt catalonia 's economy significantly ? 
  and 2 ) would spain use its veto against you , thus further harming your economy ? 
   against the interests of the spanish state its a piss weak justification , but are the spanish government arguing that being pro-catalan independence is against the spanish state because catalan independence is against the spanish constitution ? 
  no damn it . 
  you should send abba too . 
  we all know they 'd destroy the competition once more ( though in fairness are also a million times bigger/better than bonnie and humperdinck ) . 
  i 'm sure you 're right . 
  though i 'd add that kantian democratic peace and the overwhelming intertwining of the french and german economies ( with or without the eu ) will help a lot more than anything we 've had in the past that led to their wars . 
  for the same reason that the uk leaving the eu is n't going to lead to us marching down the champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es or unter den linden . 
   i do n't think we pick brits in particular this is the same for any rivalry . 
  we do n't particularly pick the french . 
  we are happy to mock the germans , poles , russians , americans , belgians , dutch , italians , aussies etc. 
  the french rivalry is just more historically concrete ( i imagine france is exactly the same ) . 
   we do n't have the same anti-uk jokes in the french media i think the more one-sidedness of this also happens in each rivalry . 
  perhaps you mock the belgians more than they mock you . 
  i know in football for instance , england 's biggest rivalry is germany . 
  germany however could n't care less as they have their own rivalries . 
   during the time that greece had a solid credit rating i 'm right in thinking greece was n't 100 % honest about the statistics that contributed to its credit rating . 
  therefore grand theft athens is surely the most appropriate . 
  unfortunately for greeks though , you do n't get arrested and bailed for $ 500 every time you fuck up . 
   i 'm looking at you , uk hey we 've got bonnie tyler this year . 
  [ i fucking need you more than ever . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffuu1wjkxdc ), 
  what if france left but britain stayed in ? 
  can we do that instead ? 
  embargo - none whatsoever . 
  here 's a list of us trade embargoes according to wiki : ivory coast , cuba , democratic republic congo , iran , libya , republic of congo , somalia , myanmar , north korea , sudan , syria . 
  uk/eu relations are n't happy right now , but they certainly are n't like the above nations . 
  tariffs - yes . 
  the uk will have whatever tariffs normally exist , unless it agrees either an independent free trade agreement with the eu / goes into efta . 
  will they get this ? 
  i think if independent the uk would enter a few years of tariffs whilst fta/efta is agreed . 
  i 'm sure the eu would want to demonstrate the consequences of quitting ( just in case other countries think about it ) , but ultimately its in the best interest of both uk/eu . 
   if europe does not advance it will fall or even be wiped out from the world map what makes you agree with that ( i 'm not criticising your opinion , just curious ) ? 
  the eurocrisis needs sorting , and with it whatever fiscal union the eurozone countries need/want . 
  but in light of advancing to a federal union , i completely disagree with hollande . 
  why ? 
  because i do n't see what consequences there would be without federal europe . 
  switzerland and norway for example do n't see themselves crashing and burning without eu membership . 
  i think europe would operate fine without a federal eu . 
  plenty of other smaller states agree , e.g. 
  if singapore can go it alone , then why ca n't germany ? 
  my first thought was that no current leader wants it because they 're out of a job . 
  i guess maybe they 'd become regional presidents ranked below the eu president ( whomever the most powerful person is ) .
