  schools were banned from teaching catalan . 
  few books were published in catalan and any that were published were not popularly read because most catalans could not read catalan . 
  images of popular catalan culture like the sardanes , a traditional catalan dance , were also banned . 
  popular symbols of catalan nationalism , such as statues , portraits , the flag , were all removed from public view . 
  even the names of streets that were in catalan were changed to a castilian name . 
  franco 's effort to suppress this culture was pervasive . 
  he prohibited expressions of language , traditional dance and culture , and religious practice , yet he only limited the culture . 
  please find me an example of a us president undertaking such a thorough persecution of the unique texan society , culture , language , and history . 
   in general ? 
  of course . 
  does that not prove my point that the eu is significantly more culturally diverse than the united states of america . 
  would you clarify what you 're trying to argue with the cold war definition of europe ? 
  yes the iron curtain acted as a cultural barrier that divided europe . 
  but that does n't mean that everything on the west of that barrier is the same , nor that everything on the east of that barrier was the same . 
  that surely is not the crux of your argument ? 
  is it ? 
  would you say the texan independence movement from the usa is the same as the catalan independence movement from spain ? 
  i think its fair to say the differences between eu countries are significantly more than cold war politics . 
  exactly , because the differences between us states are tiny in comparison to the differences between eu countries . 
  so you would argue the difference between new mexico and massachusetts is comparable to the difference between , lets say , france and lithuania ? 
  on the contrary , eu nations keep track of emigration from other countries within the eu . 
  if its not done through indirect methods such as worker [ registration , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:polish-born_people_in_employment_in_the_uk_2003-2010_-_chart_2369a_at_statistics_gov_uk.gif ) it is done through official methods such as the census . 
  i would argue the differences between the different countries of the eu are far greater than the different states of the usa . 
  furthermore , emigration within the eu is considered emigration in the same way that emigration from outside the eu to inside the eu is . 
  in the usa however , emigration from state to state is comprehensively different than emigration from outside the usa to inside the usa . 
  this map states that for europe its only people born outside the eu . 
  so for example , a french person or a latvian that both reside in london do not count as immigrants . 
  absolutely . 
  britain does right to have nothing to do with this tax . 
  that 's how nation 's operate . 
  a similar example is the motion to stop european parliament meetings in strasbourg . 
  the support for that is near unanimous , except in france . 
  hollande does n't want it because it would be bad for the strasbourg economy . 
  do i hold that against him ? 
  not at all . 
  he 's the french president first and foremost . 
  does anyone know how much the derivatives market in the ftt area is worth at present ? 
  the global market sees [ $ 640 trillion ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/02/06/eu-derivatives-idusl5n0b671b20130206 ) of trades . 
  obviously the ftt area is significantly smaller than that . 
  as of 2007 europe was the foremost derivatives [ market , p. 12 , ] ( http://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/global_derivatives_market.pdf ) but most of that was concentrated in london . 
  whilst the global economy has changed since then , i doubt the location of significant markets has that much . 
  for what its worth the derivates market was around $ 450trillion in 2007 . 
  it seems this is a populist policy that sounds good ( i.e. 
  taxing banks ) , but is quite risky in terms of quantifiable success ( and could actually be a bad idea ) . 
  [ `` governments do n't rule the world , goldman sachs rules the world '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cte6nxyksnq ) plot twist - this guy does n't work for goldman . 
  he 's a private trader that makes very little money . 
  a lot of countries do n't learn about their nation 's ` bad bits ' , and tbh i think britain is relatively progressive in that . 
  i learned about empire . 
  i learned that it had good aspects to it , and did some fundamental good to the world . 
  however , i learned about the terrible bits . 
  massacres such as amritsar , forcing our culture and religion upon people because `` they were savages that needed modernising '' . 
  i learned about the poor handling of decolonisation in different countries , and how prior to this we exploited their economy to bolster our own after the world wars . 
  everything you say about the class system is perfect . 
  that 's the biggest divider in british society . 
  our politics is still based on it . 
  the conservative party still work to redefine ` tory ' and labour still call them ` tories ' in a derogatory manner whenever they announce a policy that might hurt the working class ( ` same old tories ' ) . 
  the concept of a christian democratic union ala germany is absolutely foreign to me . 
  for us its rich vote one way , poor another . 
  yet our class system is also part of the positive identity of being british . 
  we know people see us as the nation with the queen . 
  other nations have royalty , ours is undoubtedly the most famous . 
  i bet our country creates more income for non-brits doing ` royal tourism ' than any other nation . 
  with regards to other nations what you say about the island mentality is correct . 
  i think it works two ways though . 
  we see ourselves as being european , but not quite like ` the continentals ' . 
  that such a term exists implies britain not only sees itself as different , but also that it sees europeans as much more similar . 
  that same islander mentality also gave us our navy though , and in terms of armed forces that was our pride and joy for centuries . 
  check [ rule , britannia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rule,_britannia ! ), 
  for more information . 
  one thing you did overlook though , its the american revolutionary war . 
  we were the ruler , they revolted ( in british eyes of course , usa obviously sees it differently ) . 
  similarly , india was granted independence , it did not win it . 
  however , an inquiry into the historiography of other colonial powers would reveal similar traits . 
  that 's a debate known as the centralists vs. the peripherals ( i.e. 
  the coloniser vs. the colonised ) . 
  as a brit i 'm curious to ask a question of people resident in these cities we sack like the mongols every summer . 
  what sort of attitude does your government ( national and in particular local ) think and do about it ? 
  i 'm not defending it . 
  its embarrassing for me , disrespectful ( amongst other things ) to you . 
  honestly i wish it did n't happen . 
  but i 'm curious to know what is being done about it by the politicians of these places . 
  is it seen as disgusting behaviour , but one people ultimately accept because it brings significant tourist income ? 
  [ here 's ] ( http://sports.ladbrokes.com/en-gb/religion/next-popereligion/next-pope-t210003200 ) the betting odds for anyone wanting to get a better idea of which one of them is likely to be chosen . 
  comparing with a few other sites , peter turkson of ghana ( aged 64 ) is the frontrunner . 
  this is what it is , an advertisement for london from london business school . 
  hey guys , london 's real important , so studying here is a massive advantage to you !!!, 
  and in this paragraph i agree with the statement . 
  london is probably the world 's foremost city . 
  there 's different examples that could be chosen ( both for and against ) , i will go with it being the centre for dollar trading outside the usa , the centre for euro trading in the world , and fast becoming the centre for yuan trading outside china . 
  designing them for 30 years is surely a bad idea . 
  society and technology will be so different 30 years from now that these laws will have to be greatly amended over that time , or else they will be massively out of date and to everyone 's detriment . 
  [ london , france 's 6th biggest city . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-18234930 ), 
  i assume one of the ( key ) people you are referencing here is angela merkel and/or germany . 
  if so , you will never ever read `` yeah sorry we fucked you up big time greece , our bad '' . 
  in the impossible likelihood that this did happen , would greece have any grounds to sue germany ( and other austerity preaching nations ) for damages as the bail outs were effectively forced on greece if it adopts austere policies ? 
  maybe once upon a time , but nowadays anyone from outside britain/commonwealth that gets that will keep their nationality . 
  you have to be pretty sweet for this to happen . 
  example : bill gates , an honorary kbe . 
  it depicts cameron as a man trying to get exactly what he wants out of europe ( a la carte etc ) , but ( context of tough negotiations ) , what would be better is if europe just acceded to the uk ( i.e.
