  the cost of that alone would send europe back into recession . 
  the psychological aspect of it is also unbelievably difficult/unachievable ( i.e. 
  you 're telling troops that may have fought and lost friends under a uk/french flag that they now fight for the eu instead ) . 
  soldiers can not be changed like that . 
   anyone attacks any of us ? 
  we all fight back . 
  like nato 's article v . then for anything out of context , there 's a vote . 
  you 've answered your own calls there . 
  if we do n't all fight together ( i.e. 
  the german mep example i gave ) , then all you 've done is transferred article v of nato into eu competency . 
  and that 's not as good as nato , simple because the us armed forces are 100x better than anything else on the planet . 
   want to intervene anyway ? 
  use your non-integrated troops , or even do it alone no . 
  this is an eu army . 
  it does n't work unless its always an eu army , fighting together against a problem any member state has . 
  for the baltics , that means russia . 
  for france , that means mali . 
  if that equality is not there , then this is not a unified army , not even close . 
  its just an army in which the little guys ( namely the smaller eastern armies ) can free-ride on the bigger ones . 
  your wishes give very strong guarantees for eastern nations , overwhelmingly at the cost of western ones ( see the budget example with france and your own point on this ) . 
  now tell me what france gets in exchange for almost completely ceding sovereignty of its armed forces , despite the fact it still pays $ 58 billion a year for them . 
  if you can not seriously justify this , you 're not even coming close to making the case for an eu army . 
   recently , yes , but putin is still building back up an army on the border : / then why are you criticising the uk but nobody else ? 
  the uk has offered sanctions that will hurt its own economy , yet still you have blamed it for not doing enough . 
  what do you want ? 
  london to bilaterally declare war ? 
  try examining the role of other nations ( france and ships , germany and energy , italy and trade , any of the neutrals etc. 
  etc. ) . 
  if you can not see this then you really truly must read a hell of a lot more into what european politics means . 
   but to negociate , you have to offer something to the others in exchange . 
  sometimes it 's a bit of `` national sovereignty '' and letting an eu minister decide a bit . 
  nothing has started yet . 
  your point here is based on absolutely nothing . 
  please read about this !!!, 
  the uk has made zero specific demands and the eu has made zero offers . 
  fyi , negotiations will only begin after the may 2015 general election . 
  look , in short , an eu army is possible . 
  however , if it happens it will only happen at the very end of the federalisation process . 
  it is too complex , too expansive and too polemical ( i.e. 
  this is n't wasting money , its wasting human life ) . 
   for now . 
  that might change . 
  it might , but it wo n't . 
  i do n't mean that as some eu sceptic type thing . 
  actually trying to organise it is damn near impossible . 
  just three examples : * cost is one thing , for example how should it be funded ? 
  military budgets are wildly different in the eu . 
  all member states ca n't pay an equal portion or else the budget would be tiny . 
  * command is an issue . 
  a joint forces command would be needed , like each normal military has . 
  that means a ( for example ) frenchman leading a german army , or an estonian leading the french army . 
  it just does n't work . 
  * there would need to be a ` supreme commander ' of sorts , or the vote for action would have to go through the ep ( through the council makes it a member state competency ) . 
  we could end up in situations where german meps vote against action , but are in the minority . 
  consequently , germans get sent to war against their nation 's wishes . 
  it can not work in a way where one nation can abstain from action , because then the army is not unified . 
  we are either together or we are not . 
   especially when half the continent is cheering for your country leaving because they are tired of the lack of support , unity and cooperation from the uk . 
  that 's plainly not true . 
  numerous leaders have come out in favour of keeping the uk in . 
  its one of juncker 's 5 points for example . 
   `` let the east get rolled over by russian tanks , after all they 're fake euro and dirty foreigners '' ; which is exactly why the baltics are cheering for the uk to leave . 
  where do you get this , its utterly moronic and to be honest quite embarassing ? 
  show me where the baltic leaders have cheered the thought of the uk leaving ? 
  the uk has been amongst the leaders calling for serious sanctioning of russia , despite economic ones hurting our own economy . 
  when nato sent additional forces to the east , british soldiers and equipment were part of this mission . 
  that 's something the uk volunteered for , as that 's how nato works . 
  honestly , please please research the dynamics of european politics more . 
  it is not a case of uk vs. 27 , it very rarely is . 
   the russians are pointing an army our way . 
  they deserve a good punch i 'm not arguing that nothing should be done . 
  i 'm saying that the eu high rep does n't have the power to get anything done , at least not militarily . 
  that 's a deliberately drawn up plan for the position . 
   and that 's why you are leaving , shall i remind you . 
  refusing to cooperate with your neighbors to present a stronger and more coherent policy . 
  that 's a garbage response . 
  if you 're going to criticise the uk 's contribution , or lack thereof , to european integration , at least pick one of the many areas where the uk does n't cooperate . 
  the uk co-authored ( with france ) the [ foundations ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/eu-common-security-and-defence-policy-the-uk-perspective ) of csdp . 
  the uk has always been a major contributor , often the biggest , to csdp . 
  the eu 's foreign policy is overwhelmingly soft power , with nato taking on the hard power side of european foreign affairs . 
  suggesting foreign policy will remain a member state competency is far from controversial . 
  its the overwhelming opinion of the majority of member states . 
  its too aggressive a position to be the eu high representative . 
  the nature of the position means he 'd be unable to deliver on any of these kind of statements because foreign policy is and will remain a member state competency . 
  nobody will buy it , france should just not sell it . 
  however , on the topic of the ships themselves , they can and are used for much more than assaulting people or aggressive warfare . 
  the principle is they are good for launching invasions . 
  that maybe military , or it maybe launching humanitarian ` invasions ' , so to speak . 
  the us does this with theirs . 
   i just dislike the british empire being used as some excuse . 
  its a very lazy way of describing anything to do with the uk and only works because its somehow satisfying . 
   so is possible that a party with 25 % get no seat at all ? 
  in theory its possible to get more votes than any other party and still have zero seats in parliament ( obviously this is so unlikely to happen it is practically impossible , but theoretically it could happen ) . 
  there are currently 650 mps , which means on election day there are 650 mini elections ( one for each mp ) . 
  in theory , a party could come 2nd in every one of those . 
  they 'd have zero mps . 
  assuming the winners of the 650 were spread amongst different parties , the party that came 2nd every time would probably have the most votes out of everyone . 
  outsourcing . 
  for example , we invented champagne , then outsourced it to the french , who in all fairness have improved on our methods to make it what it is today . 
  so , thank you for that .
