  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-26475630 ) * suspend negotiations with russia on establishing visa-free travel in europe * consider asset freezes and travel bans if there is not further diplomatic progress * promise `` economic consequences '' such as trade and financial sanctions , if russia makes further incursions in ukraine the third point , in particular `` if russia makes further incursions in ukraine '' might suggest that crimea will become part of russia . 
  or rather , that the eu is n't going to be doing anything more than what has already been said . 
  eu action on this is based on member state willingness . 
  the commission ca n't just up and say `` we embargo russia '' or anything like that , because they have do n't have the power , authority , or means of enforcement . 
  similarly , the parliament can unanimously vote to do whatever they want , but they too lack the means to go through with it . 
  in short , its a member state competency . 
  member states can meet up ( they have ) and they can decide to do something about it ( under the banner of the eu ) , but it is their individual decision as member states . 
  yeah the snp went all nordic once their previous promise of being like ireland , the celtic tiger , went and landed itself in one of europe 's deepest financial crises . 
  usually when something big comes along it exposes certain reasons why . 
  in this case we 've seen the three big powers have very different relationships with russia , which really undermines our ability to do something united : * uk - financial - economic sanctions might hurt the city of london , which does a lot of business with russians . 
  the city is the core of our economy and hurting it is a bad idea . 
  * france - military - the french are selling warships to russia in the biggest military deal between russia and the west since wwii . 
  obviously they do n't want to jeopardise that . 
  one mistral class ship is approximately $ 600m . 
  i do n't know how much this would cost the french to lose . 
  * germany - industrial/energy - germany is much more reliant on russian energy exports than france or the uk . 
  german industry is amazing , especially at the moment during the eurocrisis . 
  also general german unwillingness to be involved in military things . 
  my personal opinion is that the eu should integrate more , but should also be open much more to handing some powers back to member states if they want it . 
  foreign policy integration also makes a lot of sense , on a nato and eu level . 
  first up is other nato members getting their shit together and meeting spending targets . 
   nope . 
  of all overseas territories of all eu members , only french guiana , guadeloupe , reunion , martinique ( france ) , azores , madeira ( portugal ) , and the canary islands ( spain ) are in the eu . 
  the falklands are a [ british overseas territory . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_overseas_territories ) they are not in the eu , as they are not constitutionally part of the uk . 
  they do however have an mp that represents their interests , hugo swire mp . 
  your objection also confuses me . 
  you list a bunch of places that are in the eu , yet i said the uk was in the eec ( and eu also of course ) . 
  they have also received occasional funding from the eu , as have numerous other overseas territories that are not in the eu . 
  if its a matter of britishness , i can assure you the difference is only legally . 
  culturally the falklands are british . 
  they made it pretty clear when all but 3 of them voted for it . 
   this was done using nato procedures , even though the uk never made a formal request for help . 
  yes . 
  nato procedures were used because that is the basis of british military relations with these nations . 
  but their assistance was bilateral , not multilateral ( i.e. 
  through nato ) . 
  they 're hardly going to make up a new way of communicating just because just because the uk decided not to request nato assistance . 
  there 's also the question of whether nato could assist the uk in the falklands . 
  being the north atlantic treaty organisation , there has since been questions raised over whether a war outside the north atlantic region qualifies for nato assistance . 
  that the uk had no need for formal nato assistance quashed that issue . 
   falklands were n't in the eec and nato either , and yet the eec set up economic sanctions against argentina , even though other eec members had good reasons to avoid imposing them . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  the falklands are n't in nato or the eec . 
  and nato were not part of the falklands war . 
  also , the falklands are part of the uk , which is in the eec . 
  i would also stress that argentina and russia are very different countries . 
  economically , militarily , and in their relation to europe . 
   above all , it 's a matter of values . 
  if you do n't have them , you may as well start arming north korea for another 0.3 % rise in the gdp . 
  i 'm not saying we do nothing . 
  i just find energy embargoes a little over the top . 
  europe is at the point of meeting today . 
  presumably sanctions will be outlined this evening/tomorrow depending on how long said meetings take . 
  it seems the order of things is to converse internally ( i.e. 
  in london , berlin etc. ), 
  then to meet later in the eu . 
  it makes the eu unduly slow . 
  in this case it has allowed russia to do whatever they 've been doing for a few extra days . 
  bad , but seemingly not catastrophic . 
  when its an actual war though , that 's several days of lives lost and it ends up looking terrible for the eu . 
  when we 're all on the front line somewhere in siberia fighting ww3 ? 
  if only the rest of europe would be ok with shale . 
  up until now its been a polish and british thing . 
  though i am excited to start hearing a bunch of stuff about how shale is safe and amazing , mysteriously published the same time russia decides its keeping crimea . 
   do i think that damaging russia 's economic and political influence is a worthy objective , and therefor improving the livelihoods many eastern european and north-west asian sttes : yes . 
  do you think us imposing sanctions on russia now would really affect their policy in kyrgyzstan or tajikistan ? 
  do you therefore also think our reaction to what is happening in ukraine is identical to what it would be if they sent some troops into either of those ( neither of which border europe/eu/nato ) ? 
   all of the above considered i would be willing to take a substantial hit on the state of europe economically in the short term , even a 10 % reduction in global trade . 
  do you know what 10 % global trade is , or is that a figure you 've plucked out ? 
  the negative change in global gdp was -2.5 % in 2009 , the only time its declined since at least 2005 . 
   it would not damage the eu 's economy because it would not lead to a deterioration in the size of the eu economy but simply a lack of growth . 
  of course it would damage the economy . 
  no energy means industrial production ( for one ) reduces significantly . 
  that means job losses and the rest of it . 
  what would be the goal of this ? 
  crippling the russian economy would kill their industrial production , meaning its not so easy for them to turn the gas back on once they 've apologised . 
  some sort of political crisis in russia means production in the eu still gets hit because their exports will decline substantially . 
  so until that crisis is sorted ( or until we magically find a new energy source overnight ) we have to deal with less production , even more unemployment and an even worse economic outlook . 
  well at present russia has occupied ( and seemingly will take ) crimea . 
  a largely ethnic russian area that only left russia in 1954 . 
  in a nation not part of the eu and not part of nato . 
  so would n't you say this is a little early to be shitcanning our own economy ? 
  the tl ; dr of it all being that if you like using stuff that requires energy , cutting ties is a very bad idea . 
  so damaging the eu economy significantly is ok so long as it damages the russian economy very significantly ? 
  the european economy is already fragile , with the ever looming threat of further recession or crisis . 
  on the most basic level , cutting around 11 % of trade and 7 % of exports would be terrible . 
  the source you provide quotes over $ 123 billion in exports to russia . 
  taking anywhere near that much out of our economy would hurt a lot ( obviously some countries more than others depending on their individual exposure ) . 
  i do n't care whether it hurts russia more or less , it would hurt the eu more than enough . 
  what i just said discounted the fact that most of what we import from russia is gas . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but people seem naive in thinking gas is only used for heating our homes . 
  gas also powers the electricity we use everyday . 
  consider how much electricity we use everyday . 
  not just on a personal level , but in factories , offices , in public services such as hospitals and traffic lights . 
  yes there are other sources , but they are n't instantly available . 
  a massive reduction in gas means a massive reduction in industrial output . 
  why do you think germany has hitherto been very quiet ? 
  whilst on the topic of german silence , it also pays to not rush into extreme solutions . 
  the usa is far more powerful and far less reliant on russia than the eu .
