  ( http://ec.europa.eu/news/economy/121211_en.htm ) cyprus was a great opportunity to close one of those tax havens , as suggested [ here . ], 
  ( http://english.ruvr.ru/2013_03_15/cyprus-may-scrap-tax-haven-status-to-get-eu-bailout/ ) what will become interesting is how far the eu pursues tax havens beyond this though . 
  cyprus was at least generating income from non-eu sources ( ala russia ) . 
  to add fuel to the fire of the eurosceptics or north vs. south conspiracy theorists , what about belgium and luxembourg ? 
  these nations do n't need bailouts , but they definitely contribute to tax evasion . 
   if the infliction of losses on small depositors has a purpose , it 's probably to reassure the russians that they are not being discriminated against . 
  it does n't seem like that reassures the cypriot population who are the sacrificial lamb for this though . 
  though maybe it reassures the greeks , italians , portuguese and spaniards who fear it might happen to them ? 
  what i meant is that if this tax is rejected by parliament then cypriots will withdraw that 6.75 % / 9.99 % as soon as possible . 
  the reason being to avoid losing it in the future . 
  why not spain and greece also ? 
  guess we 'll have to wait and see . 
  my prediction is that it will rest on how the cypriots take to it . 
  if they go and kick the shit out of nicosia then i 'm betting this wo n't happen in madrid anytime soon . 
  and of course how the crises develop in any other country . 
  well that escalated quickly . 
  this morning it was a tax to save the country . 
  and now :  detailed allegations of money laundering , terrorist financing , drug dealing and corruption . 
  where have i said any of what you are saying ? 
  its in a not brilliant part of london , and as a result has attracted investment from people that wa n't to be near it . 
  so its really helping renovate a shittier part of town ( along with the battersea projects etc. ) . 
  good guy america and all that . 
  [ the new us embassy in london !, 
  ] ( http://assets.inhabitat.com/wp-content/blogs.dir/1/files/2012/11/london-linear-park-ballymore-group-camlins-5-537x442.jpg ) in the nine elms area of wandsworth ( they sold the old one to qatari developers ) . 
  many reasons : foreign policy : we 've fought together since 1859 , especially wwi and wwii . 
  we were superpowers at the same time , which churchill ( half-american ) certainly believed was a force for good . 
  even now , despite the recent distancing from one-another , the uk and us are working together on the f35-ii programme . 
  obama has seemed more ` anti-uk ' than previous presidents , yet during the election debates he criticised romney for insulting `` our closest ally '' . 
  economics : uk and us are each others largest source of foreign direct investment . 
  not to mention the banking links between london and new york . 
  culture : language etc. 
  it obviously makes a difference in forming the relationship and in conducting it . 
  plenty of other nations speak english , but at this point the us-uk relationship is so much stronger than others . 
  personal : do n't be fooled by recent times . 
  there has been many strong personal relationships between the pm and president . 
  and there will be again . 
  blair and bush just soured it for a while . 
  the us is just beginning the process of moving from its london embassy ( i.e. 
  the new one is about to start construction ) . 
  i 'd wager that given the size of the new one , the us is n't planning to sever ties with the uk and go elsewhere . 
  the uk serves as an important foreign centre for the us . 
  embassy , military bases , london as the centre for $ trading outside ny . 
  no , not if it has to pass through parliament first . 
  considering pamporidis ' comment , i think it means you can withdraw all but 6.75 % ( or 9.99 % ) of your bank account ( as of whenever this deal was agreed ) . 
  therefore , if it is rejected by parliament then you can access that 6.75 % / 9.99 % again . 
  if that happens , i fully expect mass bank runs and capital flight . 
  i would think the hardest problem is bringing the case to trial . 
  in the uk the crown prosecution service ( cps ) only charges when they believe they can obtain a conviction ( logic being why charge someone when you , the prosecutor , think they will be acquitted ) . 
  of those cases that completed to the point of guilty or acquittal , just under 66 % were convicted ( 2011 ) . 
  [ justice department overview . 
  ] ( http://www.justice.gov.uk/statistics/criminal-justice/sexual-offending-statistics ) as for why they are n't brought to trial . 
  not having enough evidence to prosecute and the victim deciding not to support the investigation are two . 
  the link covers that . 
  there 's an accompanying pdf that is in much more detail . 
  how to solve those issues are probably amongst the most important tasks the justice department and cps deal with . 
  it seems incredible that the trail : conviction rate is so much greater than the report : conviction rate . 
  there 's nothing illegal about what the eu/imf/cypriot government are doing here . 
  any government could tax its citizens any amount tomorrow . 
  they do n't for obvious reasons . 
  this is a logic that only works with cyprus . 
  tax evaders do n't have tons of cash tied up in spain . 
   european regulators and politicians are convinced that a vast amount of cash in cypriot banks belongs to russian money launderers , our business editor writes . 
   few german politicians would vote for a cyprus rescue that simultaneously rescued these launderers so the only way to make the bailout palatable to the german parliament was to tax the launderers , too , he says . 
  [ bbc article . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21814325 ) my query is what happens after this in cyprus ? 
  if these evaders leave then cypriot tax revenues fall dramatically . 
  that leaves two options : reduce government investment in things , or increase cypriot income tax . 
  i 'd expect a combination of both , but neither is beneficial to the cypriot people in the long-term . 
  its being justified because a lot of russian and british tax evaders ( russian especially ) are hiding their money in cyprus . 
  so the eu is cracking down on russian tax evasion ( meanwhile allowing countries like cyprus to facilitate russian tax evasion through being a haven ) , but keeping it for itself . 
  the hypocritical logic is mind-boggling . 
  competitiveness still exists , which is seen in debates over employment laws . 
  generally speaking , the ceec nations have lower worker rights than in the west . 
  as a result , they gain a competitive advantage ( other factors give other areas competitive advantage in different things ) simply because they do n't spend as much on labour . 
  that 's why they strongly oppose certain worker rights regulations . 
  otherwise , yes , i fully agree . 
  fuck you 2009 ( slide 2 ) . 
  my initial question regarded whether latvia 's approach to austerity was different to other nations . 
   what was different about greece c. 2007 ( public expenditure , national debt , government deficit/surplus ) vs latvia c. 2007 ? 
  what this means is was the pre-crisis situation in latvia different to the pre-crisis situation in greece ( this could be any other country in which austerity is not succeeding ) . 
  as an example , greek debt-gdp was -6.5 % in 07 , whereas latvia 's was -0.4 % . 
  however , we also know that greece , under the advice of the imf and dsk , tried to spend its way out of recession in 2007 . 
  it started austerity in 2010 , when debt-gdp was -10.7 % . 
  we can add to this that latvia 's debt-gdp hit an all time high of -9.8 % in 2009 , which is still not as bad as the greek situation before austerity even began . 
  given this statistics ( and many more as this is n't the only measurement ) , was austerity likely to be more successful in latvia than greece ? 
  or , is austerity likely to work quicker in latvia than greece because the situation was never as bad . 
  if we are judging the success of austere policies , then it must be a fair comparison . 
  two things we know for sure are : * greece started from a worse position , so austerity would always be tougher for their population . 
  we can add therefore , that a worse starting position means it will take greece longer to recover than latvia . 
  * latvia has been doing it for 3 years longer . 
  we can compare greek austerity c. 2013 ( 3 years in ) to latvian austerity c. 2010 ( 3 years in ) . 
  but to compare greece c. 2013 to latvia c. 2013 is a poor comparison because that 's 6 years of latvian austerity vs. 3 years of greek austerity . 
  that makes latvia look better , but its unfair to greece . 
  sorry for the number overload . 
  is n't standard of living largely affected by growth ? 
  economic growth translates to better living standards . 
  to invert my question , what was different about greece c. 2007 ( public expenditure , national debt , government deficit/surplus ) vs latvia c. 2007 ? 
  what happens if we play this out ? 
   they propably got smaller taxes because of the tax heaven system with the brit/russian money on the bank accounts . 
  this tax will surely dissuade brits/russians from using cyprus as a tax haven in the future .
