  then when they raise it at 23:59 on 6 feb we can wait a few more months . 
  the irony of this is that cameron made the statement to answer a question from former defence secretary liam fox . 
  fox could have quite easily done a hell of a lot more damage to national security by allowing a man without security clearance to accompany him on several ministry of defence and foreign [ visits . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adam_werritty ), 
  hitler was not elected . 
  he was asked to form a government by president hindenburg , but not after winning an election . 
  you 're correct beyond this . 
  after becoming chancellor the nazis destroyed the weimar republic . 
   our statue of a pissing kid and some iron balls are you referring to the atomium or manneken pis ' nuts ? 
   everyone else says they will never agree to anything until the parlament is moved . 
  have you seen us politics recently ? 
  that 's what happens when an absolute refusal to compromise exists . 
  i fully agree that these policies should change in the interest of europe wide fairness , but to do that france would have to take a massive hit to its economy . 
  [ as of july 1st 2013 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-11216061 ) cap was approximately $ 59.8 billion and france received approximately 17 % . 
  that 's $ 10.166 billion . 
  assuming french cap income was halved ( which is a massive exaggeration on what is reasonably possible ) that 's a  $ 5bn hit to their economy . 
  i agree that cap in its current form is incredibly shitty , but its plainly understandable why france objects to cap reform . 
  completely agree . 
  i 'm sure hollande has alluded to this in the past , suggesting something like a european university or college of europe type thing being set up to replace the parliament . 
  that sort of thing would be very shrewd of france too . 
  a year round institution would bring in a lot more benefits than the occasional parliament . 
  i agree in principle , but i can fully see why france does what it does re cap and strasbourg . 
   i think the rest of the eu should just unite and put them in their place the annoying part is that this is a treaty change . 
  thus its impossible without unanimity . 
  unsurprisingly , guess which one lone nation would object to that change ( and for once its not britain !, 
   why should france `` get '' anything ? 
  its not a question of whether france should or should n't get anything . 
  the strasbourg parliament brings significant economic benefits to the region , so its understandable that french meps do n't want to lose those benefits . 
  on a more cynical note , french meps that vote in favour of abandoning strasbourg without any ` compensation ' so to speak , risk very easy criticism from their opponents . 
  its the same as with cap reform . 
  i completely agree there are more needy nations in the eu , but meps from nations that benefit overwhelmingly from cap ( france again ) try to prevent cap reform as much as possible . 
  why ? 
  because they would lose out and they would have to answer to their own electorate . 
  personally i 'd happily see the strasbourg parliament abandoned . 
  i 'm just outlining why french meps oppose that view . 
  the benefits of strasbourg 's parliament are obviously mostly concentrated in strasbourg itself , rather than all france . 
  the problem though , is the france as a whole will have to fund whatever money strasbourg loses . 
  i 'd personally like to see an end to strasbourg 's parliament , but i see no problem with french meps or government officials wanting to keep it , even if only for france 's own economic gain . 
   it is now highly likely that the front will sweep the european elections next may , a vote perfectly suited to their agenda . 
  if that happens in france and ukip dominate in britain it could be a very interesting few years for the parliament . 
  that article did n't address what benefits france can expect in return for abandoning strasbourg as an eu benefit . 
  that 's been the stumbling block to this in the past . 
  i do n't see what has changed to make french meps accept it this time . 
   so what 's you solution ? 
  what counts as evidence ? 
  that 's the problem . 
  a low burden of proof might lead to a rise in asylum seekers because its easy to fake being homosexual . 
  in that case eventually the government will stop accepting it as a reason at all . 
  and the consequences of that will be genuine homosexuals being left to suffer prison or execution , or hiding their own identity until whatever country they are from arrives in the 21st century . 
  i agree that a better solution needs to be found , the problem is what ? 
  edit : a second reason a new solution is needed is that homosexuals in nations where it is illegal certainly do n't want to be making photographs and videos of the acts themselves . 
  should those photographs/videos fall into government hands then its a guaranteed guilty sentence and everything that follows . 
   for the last sixty years that would be ever since the 1953 london debt agreement reduced german war debt by 50 % presumably . 
  i 'm confused as to why you think germany has been paying for everyone since this date . 
  given these accusations have been around quite a while , why is it only now that legal cases are being brought forward ? 
  no i did n't think he was making a genuine criticism of maps either . 
  but still thought i 'd take him up on the topic anyway . 
   do n't let the maps confuse you . 
  that 's a valid point . 
  most maps are a mercator projection , which means most of use assume that 's how the world looks . 
  false . 
  mercator makes northern and southern places bigger , and by contrast central places smaller . 
  mercator therefore makes greenland as big as africa , whereas in reality africa is about 14x the size of greenland . 
  [ mercator vs. 
  actual . 
  ] ( http://www.pratham.name/images/mercator.png ) [ relevant article on the subject . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/dailychart/2010/11/cartography ), 
   football supporters for independence . 
  if scotland goes independent i hope rangers and celtic join the english leagues just to fuck with these guys . 
  yes and no . 
  the ` superior orders ' defence was certainly addressed after ww2 . 
  it can be used as a defence if : * the person was under legal obligation to obey the orders of the government . 
  * the person did not know it was unlawful * the order was not manifestly unlawful ( art33 , rome statute ) . 
  whoever actually did the hacking was presumably under orders , otherwise this is moot . 
  practically speaking , i would be astonished if the british government was willing to let that person receive the full weight of whatever prosecution maybe brought against them by ( presumably ) belgium . 
  more likely is that diplomacy will right this issue long before a prosecution or court date is a reality . 
  and that 's not to mention the consequences for gchq of ordering someone to commit an unlawful activity then hanging them out to dry over it . 
  hacking belgacom computer systems is very different to systematically murdering millions of innocent people . 
  genuine question : how ? 
  do they bring gchq as an organisation to court , and sit someone like its head in the dock as a representative ? 
  the punishment ( assuming a guilty verdict is returned ) would then be a fine paid by gchq/the british government ? 
  the individual/s that actually carried out the actions surely wo n't face prosecution because they were almost certainly ordered to do it . 
  i like how their chairperson in baden-wurttemberg is peter mendelsohn . 
  i hope people in germany have the same opinion of him as british people do of labour politician [ peter mandelson . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peter_mandelson ), 
  the media got bored of rehashing the same story for the 5th year running ( or rather , the people got bored of hearing about it ) . 
  and syria , snowden , and the nsa happened , which gave us all something else to focus on for a while . 
  textbook ryanair cost cutting . 
  in which case we end up with baarle-nassau , a town on , around , and in the belgian-dutch border . 
  [ the border/s ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3c/baarle-nassau_-_baarle-hertog-en.svg ), 
  i 'm sure the people might not care about the government , but it would be the actions of a government ( whether its madrid or the catalan government ) specifically that causes a massive problem . 
  independent actions i 'm sure you 're right about . 
  i do n't think that will happen . 
  for one thing , even if a serious war broke out the eu ( either as one or more likely through member state coalitions ) would be in to create a ceasefire . 
  more relevant is that this wo n't break into a proper civil war . 
  the ` external influences ' that exist to arm and fund syrians do n't exist in spain is just one simple reason . 
  both sides have the carrot of the eu ( and the stick of isolation ) to mitigate violence . 
  a protest wo n't be violently crushed by the central government and the catalan government wo n't sponsor violence against madrid . 
  either side doing this would create serious problems for that sides future in the eu or even for their relationship with other european nations beyond the eu . 
  the more i see about it the more i agree .
