  and with regards to the uk acting on its own , this is the veto . 
  all countries have it and all use it . 
  it is a necessary part of the union . 
  france uses it with regards to cap reform or stopping the parliament 's trips to strasbourg . 
  why ? 
  because it is not beneficial to france . 
  you 're placing a ridiculous amount of blame on the uk alone . 
  but you 'd be mad to think only one country opposes most things . 
  coalitions form , but only one needs to use their veto . 
  cameron also threatened to veto the eu budget negotiations , but had a coalition behind him in doing so . 
   are you oblivious to the fact that it was the financial sector that caused the crisis ? 
  of course it was , but that does n't mean that being a financial centre is a bad business model . 
  far from it . 
  [ as this shows , ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/regional-trends/regional-economic-indicators/march-2013/sum-london.html ) london fared much better during the crisis than anywhere else in the uk . 
  the resilience of a financial sector is one of the reasons why . 
   it creates an extremely polarised society , as is the case with london . 
  this is too simplistic . 
  you 're overlooking help to buy , the reluctance of the british government to build new houses , and perhaps most importantly , british tax laws vis-a-vis foreign ownership . 
   germany is doing much better than the uk , they never had a crisis in the first place . 
  the german economy is bigger and certainly weathered the crisis much better . 
  saying they did n't have a crisis is absurd though . 
  if you 'll recall the amount of work merkel put in to save the euro , they clearly experienced a very real crisis . 
  however , as has been oft repeated recently , the uk [ is now europe 's fastest growing economy , ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/10597418/uk-confirmed-as-fastest-growing-economy-in-western-europe.html ) 4x faster than germany 's in 2013 in fact . 
  i 'm not downplaying the strength and resilience of the german economy , but using it as an argument here is completely irrelevant . 
  my point was that european industry has moved en masse to asia . 
  finance however has grown stronger and stronger in london , despite the crisis . 
   its not like relying on finance is a sustainable economic model anyway . 
  really ? 
  london was doing amazing pre-crisis and even more amazing during and after the crisis . 
  furthermore , whereas other industries have been significantly altered in recent decades ( look at what happened to european manufacturing as a result of globalisation , i.e. 
  china , india , vietnam etc. ) . 
  finance is phenomenally stable in that sense . 
   people voted fn because they 're annoyed at the mainstream parties believe it or not that 's a massive reason people vote ukip . 
  the european elections have always been won by the official opposition in the uk . 
  until 2014 , when ukip won . 
  the reason being that people are less trusting of labour now than before , thanks to the actions of blair and it being labour that led the uk into 2007 . 
   they clearly do n't want a federation or even a union so honestly if they 're not going to go for it like everyone else just leave , no offence taken , if they do n't want it , they do n't want it but just stop lagging everyone else . 
  a lot of the eu does n't want a federation . 
  just one of the reasons eurosceptics did so well in this election . 
   just stop lagging everyone else . 
  you think its only the uk in this ? 
  the very article we are commenting on has sweden and hungary also supporting cameron . 
  the netherlands ' current policy is that `` ever closer union in every possible policy is behind us , '' [ which clearly means no federation . 
  ] ( http://www.government.nl/news/2013/06/21/european-where-necessary-national-where-possible.html ) denmark is also known to be anti-federation and far less pro-european than many . 
  this smacks of action by the conservative leader rather than the uk pm , if you follow . 
  it demonstrates strength and willingness to against the eu , including threatening withdrawal . 
  it therefore works towards winning voters from ukip , which the conservative leader undoubtedly wants to do . 
  its also not unreasonable to suggest the new commission president should not be a federalist given the elections demonstrated widespread and unprecedented euroscepticism . 
  of course the ethics point still stands . 
  it is also interesting to test this parliament 's resolve early on . 
  would juncker win in an ep vote on the matter ? 
  the sceptics definitely vote against ( or abstain , though that is useless to them ) . 
  would the european left vote for juncker merely out of principle because they said they wanted a president from the winning group . 
  it would actually help the oil question vis-a-vis scottish independence . 
  in a strange and twisted way that is ... 
  do you think the parts of france that voted heavily fn should also quit the union ? 
  applying your logic regarding the uk areas that strongly voted ukip , surely you must ? 
  strictly speaking , i believe the rules were that the council must account for the outcome of the election , rather than anything being automatic . 
  so yes i agree , juncker should morally and ethically speaking , become commission president . 
  but legally ( or constitutionally ) speaking there is nothing set in stone . 
  and this is the reason such a debate is even allowed . 
  cameron ( and sweden and hungary as two others ) are thus well within their right to complain . 
  it is just that this complaint is very questionable on a political ethics ground . 
   right now it certainly does not look like it , but things can change . . very quickly . 
  are you therefore afraid that things may change again in germany ? 
  in the same speed said mainstream party became so embracing , they could once again revert . 
  all it would take is once event , another economic crisis perhaps ? 
  their position then , as now , is absolutely not certain . 
   world is neither a better nor a worse since faggots can wave with their dildos and flags proudly in public . 
  the world is however a much better place as less and less people refer to homosexuals in this way . 
  such laws are one large step towards the full acceptance of homosexuality in society . 
   ` old ' europe would fall into stagnation and decadence falling into decadence does n't sound so bad . 
  i guess what he was trying to say was that europe would n't give a fuck ? 
  [ ukraine 's exports . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/13/ukraine_export_treemap.png ) short answer is no , its much more than a breadbasket . 
  the slightly longer answer is that free trade is beneficial for both sides . 
  the eu gets to further tap into the ukrainian market ( all 45 million of them ) . 
  ukraine 's grain potential is probably good too . 
  the more food we have , the cheaper it is . 
  and in the medium and long-term , the more we can reinvest cap into other projects should that food be guaranteed for the people of europe . 
  not really . 
  the tories have one mp from scotland . 
  therefore , scottish independence does n't really do much to help ukip enter westminster . 
  that breakthrough will come in england if anywhere . 
   the same could happen to the conservatives . 
  if they decide to go more euroskeptic to win some vote back from ukip , some of their more pro-european mep 's may leave for the epp . 
  i would say that 's highly unlikely . 
  it would be very difficult for a previously conservative mep to defeat the conservatives at the next european elections . 
  not to mention the difficulty of being an independent mep in a massive bloc such as the epp . 
  the key issue is fptp in this . 
  real power in the uk is in westminster , and westminster is geared towards the conservatives , labour and ( much less ) the liberal democrats . 
  quitting one of the major three parties to become an independent or join a fringe party , be it in brussels/strasbourg or westminster , is simply a bad move for one 's career . 
  i 'm unaware of statistics comparing it , but in principle recognising british exceptionalism within the uk is easy . 
  take a step back from any cultural event , most sporting events and a fairly large amount of business and political ones . 
  look at how we praised london 2012 as the best ( and uniquely british ) olympics ever , how the premier league is the best league in the world , how we have n't upgraded our railways because of phenomenal victorian engineering ( whereas the rest of europe has upgraded their railways ) . 
  even in areas of our politics . 
  some politicians view pmqs as one of the best aspects of democracy on the planet because it holds the pm directly accountable once every seven days . 
  or pretty much anywhere the phrase `` good old fashioned british ... '' is used . 
  i 'm not arguing britain is superior to anyone , or in fact that many of the above are bad or wrong ( claiming london 2012 was the best olympics certainly hurts nobody ) . 
  [ eu and nato bound in perilous rivalry .
