  ireland happened due to the property bubble bursting , bad government and banking decisions ( to provide such an excess of loans to finance the property bubble ) , and an over reliance on the united states for business . 
  spain is similar to ireland in property , not for the private sector banking issues as much . 
  thank you for this !, 
  brilliant post . 
  is that why luxembourg 's is so high ? 
  it shocked me to see them that far up . 
  he 's not in jail due to the italian legal system . 
  i 'm no expert on it , but in italy you do n't go to jail until your appeal has been quashed ( i do n't know if he was the one to initiate that ) . 
  as for why he wo n't be going to jail because his appeal will never end , well , you are 100 % correct good sir . 
  i misread the pdf for the railworks , i apologise for that . 
  regarding privatisation , there is far more to it than efficiency . 
  the sheer weight of global privatisations demonstrates the worlds belief in them ( profits , job creation , efficiency , competition etc. 
  etc. ) . 
  how do you explain greece 's problems to begin with ? 
  you 're obviously more knowledgeable on this than i am given its personal importance to you . 
  i 'd also appreciate the knowledge because you tell me the news sources i read all use the same incorrect sources . 
  i apologise if that sounded angry or something , it is n't meant to . 
  i just find it especially difficult to believe that every major news source and the troika has the greek crisis completely wrong . 
  the state of the greek economy would n't be anywhere near as terrible as it is if all these companies were brilliantly profitable and so effectively managed . 
  similarly , the situation would n't be half as bad if the civil service in greece was never bloated ( as it is said to be ) . 
  if this were a simple problem of tax evasion causing hundreds of billions of $ debt , then that would be all that is fixed . 
  the troika would be well aware that solving this problem will make greece healthy again , especially given its staunchly profitable companies . 
  [ here 's a more descriptive and detailed article . 
  ] ( http://www.usnews.com/news/business/articles/2013/03/13/eu-lawmakers-reject-13tn-budget-proposal ), 
  the worst bit for me is that every year we say we 've learned our lesson . 
  then boom , it snows and the country just dies . 
  maybe we should replace the commission with the guys that organised the horse meat scandal . 
  they clearly have a better understanding of the complexities of the single market . 
  what would the meps do with their evenings if it were banned ? 
  however the troika and/or greek government are choosing to handle the greek crisis , ensuring people have the necessary drugs for things like cancer ( as the article states ) should be absolutely no. 1 . 
  first up , it just should be . 
  secondly , if we want to be political about it , as soon as people start dying as a result of this , that 's when it gets a lot more extreme . 
  come at me bro !, 
  but do n't forget to come at me via poland and france . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  at the very least its brilliant that france has a president that puts the good of the state ahead of political ideology or party politics . 
  that 's what public service should be about . 
  the question still remains though , if he 's so wrong about this , what about everything else ? 
  i guarantee his rivals wo n't let him forget that . 
  you 're spot on . 
  ideology should n't be important when its a decision of right and wrong . 
  the question is how much that dents hollande 's reputation . 
  this was his foremost policy , and he 's effectively admitted he 's 100 % wrong . 
  that significantly undermines his reliability . 
  its fuel for the french right to criticise his other economic policies for instance . 
   i just did n't look up the figures . 
  admittedly , i was confused by the desire to privatise several very profitable industries . 
  so i did look this up . 
  according to the greek government 's own privatisation handbook , [ here , ] ( http://www.minfin.gr/content-api/f/binarychannel/minfin/datastore/65/26/56/652656f9bc7ea78c3bc688ea19a68ce737f27361/application/pdf/hellenic_privatizations_powerpoint_english.pdf ) these industries are losing $ 1bn per year and currently have $ 10bn accumulated debt ( page 5 ) . 
  opap posted profits of $ 575m , though trainose s.a. , as an example , has net income of - $ 187m . 
  hellenic railways organisation , a separate company , has net income of - $ 950m . 
   by privatising opap the state loses 34 % of 500 million per year this is only true assuming that opap pays 100 % of its profits to shareholders . 
  i highly doubt that is the case , but would happily be proven otherwise . 
  opap paid a dividend of $ 229,680,000 from its 2011 financial report ( i.e. 
  paid out in 2012 ) . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.opap.gr/documents/11503/182630/fs+eng+2011.pdf ) that document makes clear the dividend payout was not 100 % . 
  the greek government received 34 % of that figure . 
   what makes you think that private sector ownership will make it more profitable ? 
  basic privatisation history . 
  these companies will benefit from private sector ingenuity , for instance becoming more labour efficient . 
  most first world countries have privatised core industries like this , precisely because it is in the state 's interest to do so . 
  opap is profitable as it is , and hence privatising this one industry is questionable . 
  though its had recent bad news from the ecj and its profits are falling . 
  the gamble being taken will be that privatisation will make it even more profitable , thus accruing the greek government great income in the long-term . 
  long-term stability of course being the key to success . 
  privatisation in this case removes the $ 1bn per year losses being made by greek state owned assets in total . 
  opap is profitable , so without it the rest look far worse . 
  i also do n't know the actual dividend payments , and exactly therefore how much greece makes from opap . 
  if i had to guess why it is still being privatised , i 'd say it does n't pay out that much to the greek government . 
  with private sector ownership it will make more profits , thus pay more taxes . 
  according to the map we 've already ticked them off . 
  no idea when , during the korean war i suppose ? 
  have n't heard of us launching an invasion at all recently . 
  a book recently came out saying we 've had a military presence in all but 22 of the world 's countries . 
  that includes troops passing through , so not technically invading and warring with them . 
  [ here 's a map !, 
  ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02388/britain_2388153b.jpg ) i think we should send a single troop on duty to the remaining 22 . 
  be the first country to complete the set :d, 
  i 'd go a little further and say the spending cuts are what 's expected of a conservative government . 
  it would be significantly more severe if it were a real policy of austerity . 
  however , it goes a little further than normal , simply because we are in a context when everyone in europe is having to make cuts , regardless of political preference . 
   there is an alternate explanation to industries getting privatised : corruption . 
  herein lies the problem . 
  you 're obviously aware of corruption at the highest levels of the greek state . 
  are you suggesting these people will get rich from privatisation ? 
  ( i 'm genuinely asking that question , its not an attempt to annoy ) . 
  whilst this sort of corruption remains within greek government , the problem wo n't be solved . 
  no nation is going to plunge itself into recession to help a nation we know is corrupt from the top down . 
  with regards to the gambling privatisation , i see your point that it makes a very significant profit , but the problem is how little that will help . 
  34 % of $ 500m is only $ 170m ( and that 's if 100 % profit was handed to shareholders which obviously never happens ) . 
  its several years before that will pay off its own privatisation alone . 
  you can argue the short-term gains of privatisation help little too . 
  i fully grant you that it seems unfair , its just the tragic reality of a nation where debt-gdp sits at over 130 % . 
  and this is after a few years of posting sensational reductions in debt-gdp . 
  what are you trying to argue with regards to greek public sector employment ? 
  every news station in the world reports it as being bloated . 
  even with it being established fact that austerity sucks now , greece 's public sector remains overstaffed . 
  even eurostat is worried for the reliability of greek reporting in this , as you must 've seen recently with the elstat release . 
  its a horrible situation .
