  mob rules . 
  i do n't recall the us government providing official training to ira members , though i 'm happy to be proven wrong on that if you have evidence . 
  the us / ira situation , as i understand it , is different for a few reasons . 
  one is that the ira received funding from a portion of the irish-american diaspora . 
  this is different to afghanistan because al qaeda received official government funding and assistance , to the extent that al qaeda trained parts of the afghan army . 
  [ 055 brigade . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/055_brigade ) find me a part of the ira that was integrated into the us army , or part of the us army that was integrated into the ira . 
  the next reasons are that the usa was not the headquarters of the ira , nor was the ira partially legitimised through being part of the government . 
  yes conspiracy theorists exist that link ted kennedy to the ira , but this conspiracy again is through private funding and some controversial statements . 
  contrast that with al qaeda and the taliban . 
  they had a shared militancy and al qaeda were part of the afghan ministry of defence . 
  [ wiki . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al_qaeda#refuge_in_afghanistan ) to this extent al qaeda and the taliban were two different organisations that in * some * aspects were one . 
  again , the ira were not part of the us ministry of defence at any point , nor did they share human resources or weaponry . 
  being integrated into the military , governmental , and financial structure of a country is different to receiving funding from an absolute minority of the population . 
  the ira were headquartered were not headquartered in the usa . 
  i feel like china is still one social revolution away from having to massively remodel itself . 
  sure its economy is great now , but that 's rooted in having human rights and worker rights well below the minimum expected standard for european and american workforces . 
  protests are still put down and forgotten about as quickly as possible . 
  the protestors mysteriously disappear . 
  meanwhile the political and economy elite grow filthy rich . 
  yes the chinese economy will grow to be the biggest in the world , but * someday * it will take a big hit when labour rights and costs go up and when transparency finally hits . 
   it is hard to tell whether this was true before she said it . 
  some argue that the problems in cypriot banking were hugely exaggerated by the country 's outgoing communist government for electoral reasons . 
  to be fair if you are a country dependent on giving tax breaks to the super-rich ( not to mention being a country with some of the best tax rates for normal people as well ) , electing a communist government was a bad idea . 
  if in the future norway turns to shit and the eu becomes amazing , then yes . 
  as it is now , norway is doing amazing and the eu is in a massive financial crisis that has on multiple times threatened to implode it . 
  so no . 
  not even close . 
   cuts off gas supply from belgium the sad thing is that the daily mail will report this as the eu 's fault . 
  edit : i looked this up , and they indeed do find a way to have a go at brussels about it :  next month many of the uk 's coal and oil plants come offline to meet green regulations handed down by the eu , and will not be available as a stop-gap if another shortfall arises next winter . 
   ` we need to have enough to get through a winter if something happens to the interconnector pipes . 
  can we get through the winter on our own supplies ? 
  other european countries can , but we certainly ca n't . ', 
  i know it was . 
  i was joking too . 
  jokes no work on internet :(, 
   see ? 
  george osborne sends countries into recessions , we should scrap this useless man and replace him with anyone else !, 
  ftfy, 
   one of which is gone kind of , but not really . 
  notw is n't here , tsos is . 
  plus murdoch had spoke quite seriously about retiring notw for tsos anyway , which revealed it to be an opportunistic business decision and nothing more . 
   this might hurt ukip if people associate murdock 's poor judgement and his political views i want to agree with that . 
  but saying murdoch has lost his political clout is the same as saying the sun has lost its political clout . 
  and the sun is still gb 's most popular paper , as it was pre-phone hacking . 
  by a long way . 
  enough people buy it because they agree with it and because they trust it . 
  the sun or the times are n't going to say murdoch is backing ukip . 
  they are just going to start criticising the rest whilst advocating ukips policies and giving them valuable column space . 
  similarly , if murdoch was all of a sudden a poisoned chalice , then farage would n't be telling people how pleasant a man he is . 
   afghanistan was in america 's right to attack that 's what i thought ( and tbh still think too ) . 
  however ,  the un charter is a treaty ratified by the united states and thus part of us law . 
  under the charter , a country can use armed force against another country only in self-defense or when the security council approves . 
  neither of those conditions was met before the united states invaded afghanistan . 
  the taliban did not attack us on 9/11 . 
  nineteen men -- 15 from saudi arabia -- did , and there was no imminent threat that afghanistan would attack the us or another un member country . 
  the council did not authorize the united states or any other country to use military force against afghanistan . 
  the us war in afghanistan is illegal . 
  [ wiki ... 
  obviously . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opposition_to_the_war_in_afghanistan_\\ ( 2001 -- present \\ ) #disputed _ legality_of_the_u . s. _ invasion ) that 's from a law professor in the usa . 
  whilst i agree the taliban themselves did not attack america , al qaeda were legitimate in afghanistan and supported by the taliban too ( including training a military unit of the afghan army during the 1990s ) . 
  so i guess i respectfully disagree with said law professor ( and agree with yourself ) . 
  just thought i 'd provide you with the opposite side to the debate . 
  iraq - no . 
  afghan - i 'd say yes , but its apparently debatable . 
  however , i do n't think other countries would have acted differently to what the usa did if they 'd have suffered a 9/11 type of attack . 
  the same natural reserves that require significant investment before they can be utilised , that turkey is disputing , and that are currently being thrown around as part of a bailout package . 
  i agree they will be a major benefit , but there 's more to it than that . 
  if it were that simple cyprus could 've middle-fingered the eu months ago and would n't be worried . 
  unfortunate that ` cyprus-russian business magazine ' should be the source of this , but as you 'll see , the `` tremendous volatility '' in prices and important remaining unknowns such as incomplete exploration and estimated extraction costs grossly complicate predictions about cypriot resource value . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://cyprusrussianbusiness.com/en/pub/energy1/strategic_development_options_for_cyprus_oil_and_gas/ ), 
  this is n't some general rule . 
  the correlation between murdoch 's support and electoral victory in the uk is undeniable ( who the driver in this is remains unknown - look at point 2 ) . 
  as you 'll see if you read on beyond the point you quoted , i do n't say farage is a shoe-in for pm now ( or that he 'll come close to winning ) . 
  my argument is that murdoch 's backing is a major coup for ukip whether we like it or not . 
  history shows this . 
  any party leader would love murdoch 's support . 
  blair went to australia for it , cameron got close to rebekah brooks , and farage dined with murdoch . 
  to give an example of how correct you are , here is russia 's starting position :  sergei glazyev , an advisor to putin , suggested that if russia were to finance cyprus 's debt restructuring , then cyprus should fall under russian jurisdiction . 
  [ last sentence in the article . 
  ] ( http://www.realclearworld.com/articles/2013/03/22/cyprus_russia__and_syria_105023.html ) the bear does n't fuck around . 
  and i do n't think russians are too big on sarcasm either , which glazyev could easily be mistaken for . 
  if better together wins i hope alistair darling trolls him and proclaims `` today is the day scotland took a decisive step forward , by rejecting independence '' . 
  to try and throw some context into this : * murdoch has a history of backing victors in the uk . 
  whilst this is too much to expect of ukip , murdoch 's backing will facilitate growth and possible/probable ukip mps ( and maybe therefore a place in a coalition - obviously depends on the results ) . 
  * some say this is because murdoch backs the guys that would 've won anyway . 
  i think this undermines his power . 
  sure blair was always winning in 1997 . 
  but think of others . 
  major won in 1992 with murdoch 's backing , but lost 80 seats from thatcher 's majority . 
  what if murdoch had n't backed major ? 
  similarly , cameron had murdoch 's backing but is in a coalition . 
  what if murdoch had remained labour ? 
  * murdoch owns the sun and the times . 
  yes the sun is a low grade tabloid , but do n't be fooled . 
  people here criticise the sun and the ( non-murdoch ) daily mail , and fair enough . 
  but the top two newspapers by circulation in gb are anti-eu .
