  then next week the french do something . 
  they 've just been enjoying the spotlight with their internet surveillance laws . 
  then the germans will get back in on the action now they have a government again . 
  do n't worry , i 'm very well aware of the differences . 
  its just that i have n't encountered people that use these terms strictly . 
  basically in the same way we say team gb as oppose to team gbni or team uk . 
   such a shame . 
  why ? 
  [ euronews ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euronews ) . 
  complete with criticisms it outlines the commission 's agenda , who are its major funder . 
   how on earth are they going to reconcile the two positions  now i recognise that madrid does n't need much of a legitimate reason unfortunately you 've answered your own question . 
  catalonia 's theirs , gibraltar is theirs , ceuta and melilla are theirs . 
  because fuck it . 
  government 's are hypocrites , they know it , and they do n't care that other people know . 
  i think they 'll turn up the volume on it ( nowhere close to a war though ) when times get more desperate just to try and stoke national pride . 
  yeah , but to be honest in my entire life i 've never been corrected on uk/gb and never seen anyone else be corrected . 
  people really do n't care . 
  i 've had to explain it to non-brits a few times , but i can see why they 'd be confused by the vast array of names my country ( countries ) have . 
  the problem is we are very susceptible to a divide and conquer because although the european union exists , we are nowhere close to a genuine union , as is seen in the usa for example . 
  the nsa scandal has shown this extraordinarily . 
  one day we all gang up on one country for helping the usa spy , then the next day we all gang up on another country for helping the usa spy , and so on . 
  that said , i n't veld is entirely correct about the weight the eu could throw with regards to the trade negotiations . 
  rogers is commenting as if the us is doing the eu a huge favour here , overlooking that the benefits are clearly for both parties . 
  the uk is called the uk or great britain . 
  everyone else is johnny foreigner . 
  the need will be there , i completely agree . 
  but rejecting food aid because it is from the eu , to keep hold of the eurosceptic card and the idea brussels lives to screw british people over despite evidence to the contrary , i think is utterly wrong . 
  i 'd considered this point , even to the extent that the majority of its readership maybe british . 
  but , the economist is also supposed to be one of the most respected and well regarded publications , so i 'd hope they would be a little more thorough in their work . 
  with something as central as feeding your population , all help should be taken . 
   we 're only talking # 22 million anyway , which is basically nothing in terms of the uk 's budget . 
  the money was never going to go directly to the poor in britain . 
  it was always going to go via government . 
  it might only be a fraction of the budget , but the growing need for food banks is an embarrassment to what should be a world-leading country . 
  whether its # 22m or # 22b , there 's no good reason to refuse assistance in feeding our population . 
  especially not when the reason is purely ideological . 
   this forgotten story is an important antidote to britain 's panic about immigration from romania is britain the only nation panicking about romanian immigration ? 
  am i mistaken for thinking it was across most if not all of western europe ? 
  they do indeed , and it is their loss for not taking what the state is willing to offer . 
  but there is also some crucial differences : those who opt for private education ( or healthcare ) do so because they have the means to afford it . 
  this who wo n't receive the eu food aid are the poorest who can not otherwise afford to feed themselves . 
  not the wealthy . 
  edit : one further important difference : those who choose not to receive the aid are the wealthy ( the government ) , i.e. 
  those individuals that do not need it . 
  those who do not physically get to receive it are the poor , i.e. 
  those who actually need it . 
  fuck this . 
  so poor people going hungry is the price to pay so the tories can continue their eurosceptic agenda . 
  the only way this would be fair is if the people that actually went hungry as a result were core tory voters . 
  guess that 's probably not the case ... and as for quashing the ukip threat , this is a missed opportunity . 
  take the aid and advertise how the eu actually helps poor people in the united kingdom ( as oppose to the current government outcry that the eu just lets foreigners take our jobs ) . 
  the purpose of the eu food bank is to help member states that need it . 
  like any public sector scheme , we pay into it to help others when they are in need . 
  therefore , when we are in need we are allowed to take from it also . 
  its like paying taxes then refusing to use the public services that they provide . 
  and the eu sure does love the uk for doing it !, 
   that the best ting for ukraine to do is play both sides against each other forever this is surely the worst thing to do as it ensures nobody ever trusts ukraine . 
  the eu wo n't be repeatedly screwed around by them , and russia will have no problems doing a u-turn on its promises to help ukraine . 
  also [ these reasons courtesy of the romanian tourist board . 
  ] ( http://www.buzzfeed.com/copyranter/brilliant-award-winning-romania-tourism-campaign ), 
  david cameron recently threatened to quit the echr , which some people saw as a good way to reclaim our independence from the eu . 
  some people fucking suck . 
  its frustratingly tough to explain that despite it having ` europe ' in it , it is not necessarily the european union . 
   it can just take from the richer net receivers , such as spain , and allocate it to the poorer ones , such as albania . 
  i do n't think spain is going to be too happy about the eu expanding then telling spain its gets less help because there 's a new guy in the club . 
  the spanish may well veto that one well in advance . 
   how can you compare 10s of millions in 2013 dollars with billions in the 40s ? 
  you ca n't . 
  that why i said the marshall plan was `` in no way a good comparison to the eu '' . 
  the link to the eu 's aid in albania was given to prove the eu is helping there . 
  you also said `` the eu should help , like the us did '' which implies they are doing nothing . 
  it should also be considered that the usa was in a position of power like never before at the time of the marshall plan . 
  and the situation in europe was so much worse than what it currently is in albania . 
   the eu is a union of states , just like the us in times of crisis the us comes together as american . 
  crisis in the eu is divisive . 
  euroscepticism increases as people revert to being french , british , dutch german etc. 
  the crisis may not have been so bad if only we came together as europe in this crisis , but sadly that has n't happened . 
  that 's why the eu struggles to make plans . 
  that 's why european integration is an incredibly difficult project . 
   the eurocrisis is not connected to the recently admitted countries that 's not the point . 
  the eurocrisis has hit the nations that are net contributors . 
  when those nations are short for cash , they are less likely to want to give it away , no matter what the cause is . 
  the dutch are the ones who said they 'd veto . 
  [ `` the netherlands is convinced that the time of an ` ever closer union ' in every possible policy area is behind us . 
  '' ] ( http://www.government.nl/news/2013/06/21/european-where-necessary-national-where-possible.html ) this is a policy motivated by crisis in the eu and by the struggles it has had from recent enlargement . 
   a mixture of the above this one . 
  the medium to long-term reasons are certainly enlargement fatigue and the lessons learned from previous enlargements . 
  the short-term reasons are angering the eurosceptics and giving them an opportunity to increase their popularity . 
  they are popular as it is , but given there 's ep elections next year , the short-term reasons are considerably more important . 
   the eu should help , like the us did . 
  it does . 
  [ read this . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/instruments/funding-by-country/albania/index_en.htm ) nevertheless , the marshall plan is in no way a good comparison to the eu . 
  they could n't be further apart . 
  the fact remains the eu is an economic and political union . 
  unlike the marshall plan , it is not a one-time thing . 
  furthermore , the eu has suffered in recent years from enlarging too quickly . 
  unfortunately , there is a growing number of people upset with the recent enlargements , and the problems seen in recently admitted countries ( cyprus and bulgaria to name two ) . 
  add to that the eurocrisis , which is several years old already . 
  [ eu enlargement fatigue is well known .
