   they already took a hard line on member states i would argue otherwise . 
  the eurocrisis has been different because the member states themselves , not the commission etc. 
  have been responsible for it . 
  plus they have had the other troika members to contend with , so if the punishment is harsh , it is from both the imf and directly from member state finance ministers in the council . 
  contrast this with commission efforts to punish nations for being out of line . 
  france and germany saw no punishment in the early 2000s for breaking budget rules . 
  i 've been wanting someone to test the eu 's resolve for ages now . 
  greece and cyprus came close . 
  maybe switzerland will . 
  if the eu is currently unpopular amongst many member states then can it afford to take a hard line ? 
  then again , can it appear weak ? 
   it is holding us back . 
  you are aware of the current dutch policy vis-a-vis the eu right ? 
  europe where necessary , national where possible . 
  it favours halting all further integration unless absolutely necessary . 
  yes the uk is the most eurosceptic of the eu , but it is nowhere near alone . 
  mugabe probably has a golden toilet bowl for what its worth . 
  nobody else , just him . 
   in an ideal world nobody would have bought the damn thing in the first place . 
  that 's exactly it . 
  do n't like it , then do n't buy it or read it . 
  their readership would decrease drastically , thereby causing a change in their output to avoid going bust . 
  a separate question is to what extent expansion has allowed economic growth within the union that could not have been achieved if it was just the initial six ( or a collection of the wealthiest eu/european nations ) ? 
  the us has such a strong economy because its size and population mean internal trade is phenomenal . 
  an eu of 6 would not be as good at this as an eu of 28 is . 
  the ideal would then be something where english is all but official , i.e. 
  the overwhelming majority of people speak it , and all people speak one of two ( by and large like the usa with english and spanish ) . 
  that 's going to be a requirement should federalism ever reach us because the eu 's lack of labour mobility is currently a massive detriment to progress ( be it economic progress or integration ) . 
   when the uk shits on $ you confuse me ? 
  we do n't want to be in the eurozone . 
  the eurozone is currently in need of reform ( currently , not permanently ) . 
  why is this shitting on the $ ? 
  if syria means fighting a russian proxy whereas ukraine means fighting russia proper , then i 'd choose syria 100 % over ukraine . 
  their problem is organisation . 
  ukip are run from the bottom-up , which means its candidates can say what they want to suit their specific electorate . 
  as oppose to the major parties , which expect you to tow the line . 
  it works well at the moment because it allows them to tailor their goals to each specific constituency ( other than when one of them decides to say something utterly ridiculous , as happens much more often than for other parties ) . 
  if they enter westminster this may begin to change because they 'll have to form a national agenda or get ripped to pieces in the commons for contradicting one another . 
  try telling nerites , pelops and patroclus that poseidon hates fags . 
  [ male lovers of poseidon . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poseidon#male_lovers_of_poseidon ), 
  at most boycott sochi 2014 , which i do n't think would achieve much . 
  what else would we do ? 
  stop buying their gas ? 
  attempt to liberate them thereby starting wwiii ? 
  we did n't want to go into syria versus russian proxies , let alone ukraine versus russia itself . 
  here 's a map of all regions that once belonged to a [ european empire . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bc/european_empires.svg ), 
  when it came to the romanians `` invading '' on january 1st , most of them were that bad . 
  it is strange . 
  at first i thought this , particularly because malta wo n't be selling millions of passports at $ 650,000 each . 
  but considering the spectrum of opposition ( including parliament and commission ) , there must be something more to it . 
  thanks for the budget clarification . 
  the commas and full stop differences in uk and eu figures can be annoying . 
   i 'm opposing the assumption that spying on allied governments is normal , or even acceptable i agree that it should n't be acceptable . 
  i understand why it is done and is normalised between governments ( i.e. 
  we do n't like it being done to us but happily do it to others ) . 
  i disagree with the housemate comparison . 
  nations are not allies in the same way housemates are friends . 
  allies compete with each other , for instance for foreign direct investment . 
  housemates do n't compete in that way . 
   but not other eu members the eu is only a union to a certain extent . 
  an example : the bae/eads merger would have been great for the eu . 
  it would have created the biggest defence company in the world and therefore helped increase the eu 's share of global revenue ( through increased competitiveness and winning additional contracts ) . 
  germany blocked bae/eads due to [ the smaller german share ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2012/oct/10/angela-merkel-bae-eads-merger-german ) and how that cold have negatively impacted germany , despite being a net gain for europe as a whole . 
  the same logic underpins any veto within the eu and the most famous oppositions ( such as france and cap or france and strasbourg ) . 
   so far , we have no idea whether spying on allies is an inherent part of the five eyes alliance from what i 've seen the vast majority of snowden releases involve spying on allies . 
  that is obviously more us/uk than it is canada , australia and nz , but it remains a five eyes thing by implication . 
   they certainly do n't have anywhere near the same resources ; bnd 's budget is similar to gchq 's but the scope of its objectives includes that of mi6 . 
  going from the link provided by wikipedia , the bnd budget is [ $ 504.770.000 ] ( http://beta.offenerhaushalt.de/haushalt/bund/ ) , which as you say covers a wider scope than just what gchq does . 
  according to the gchq web site , the funding in 2011/12 for british intelligence was approximately [ # 2 billion . 
  ] ( http://www.gchq.gov.uk/how_we_work/running_the_business/pages/funding-financial-controls.aspx ) how efficient both organisations are is a different question though . 
  i 'm struggling to see your opposition to me . 
  i do n't blame germany for trying to break in then afterwards proposing no spy agreements . 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  i simply think it should be acknowledged that germany 's actions here , much the same as the uk and usa ( and every other intelligence agency and government worldwide ) are motivated purely through self-interest . 
  i find the eu parts the most interesting . 
  scotland wo n't get the same deal as the rest of the uk , but more importantly how pro-eu will it be ? 
  once inside the union will it fall in the pro-integration camp or will it be more sceptical ? 
  i often read views of scotland as a strongly pro-eu corner of the uk , but wonder if come independence it will live up to that hype ? 
  we will continue to share resources and intelligence regarding terrorism and the like . 
  the usa and russia currently cooperate very well on this because its a shared concern . 
   you make it sound as if this was a u-turn to a very large extent this is a u-turn . 
  in being part of the five eyes , germany would engage in spying on its allies ( france , spain , italy etc. ), 
  exactly the way the us and uk have done . 
  germany 's desire to join the group is solely for the benefit of germany . 
  its desire to end spying on allies ( taken after its rejection from five eyes ) is also only to benefit germany ( the difference here being that other nations benefit as a result too , though germany original five eyes ambition demonstrates that other nations benefits were not germany 's concern ) . 
   having an unspecified but apparently similar agreement failed , so now it 's about at least having an agreement not to spy on each other . 
  germany wanted into the group that spied on everyone else . 
  that is not beneficial to france etc. 
  only when germany was rejected did it all of a sudden want to stop spying between all allies . 
   they seem to think spying on germany is important it probably is , that 's why they do it . 
  and given germany wanted into the group , its clear that germany thinks spying on other allies is important too . 
  do you think the bnd conducts any spying on allies ? 
  i do . 
  i also think that it is n't as good as the five eyes group , hence its desire to join them . 
  this is part of a comprehensive analysis that was released in glasgow today by william hague and danny alexander , entitled [ scotland analysis : eu & international issues . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/271794/2901475_hmg_scotland_euandinternational_acc2.pdf ) obviously being from the fco it is strongly unionist . 
  germany was allegedly using the spying scandal to try and break into the ` five eyes ' [ group . 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/e2492a3a-3d7a-11e3-9928-00144feab7de.html ) hardly trying to be the model nation and stopping spying altogether .
