  imagining merkel is thankful for this crisis because its allowed her to make germany rich beyond her wildest dreams . 
   it 's the very presence of weaker economies in the euro zone that keeps the value of the currency at competitive levels , greatly helping german industry . 
  if greece and portugal and other periphery countries dropped out , the euro would spike up , making volkswagens and bmws a lot more expensive . 
  brilliant . 
  [ is monsanto the world 's most evil corporation ? 
  ] ( http://www.motherearthnews.com/homesteading-and-livestock/is-monsanto-the-worlds-most-evil-corporation.aspx#axzz2txqiogkw ) i could n't be bothered to read the whole thing , but i get the feeling they are attempting a monopoly on crops . 
  that 's an unruly amount of power over people 's lives . 
   crap tap water there 's plenty of crap in the rivers though . 
  literally centuries old crap , washed down to the next village . 
  so it will become europe 's retirement home ? 
  why would there be pressure not to move to the next tax haven ? 
  we ca n't control what apple does or where it chooses to bank . 
  they are currently banking with a fully fledged eu member . 
  they key thing here is they are not doing anything illegal . 
  in fact what they are doing could not be more legal , that 's unfortunately the point . 
  the clock that is ticking is most definitely a swiss watch . 
  i 'm sure the wealthy people with swiss bank accounts have plenty of other safe haven destinations itching to take their money . 
  enough pressure for what not to happen ? 
  its very true that there is great disparity between us states in terms of all types of tax . 
  perhaps adopting a method very much akin to the usa would work in europe . 
  though that raises a few other interesting problems :  delaware charges no income tax on corporations not operating within the state . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delaware_general_corporation_law ) i do n't know enough about taxation law to understand the full pros and cons of this at a federal level . 
  however i would bet full federalism is needed before the eu can properly benefit from common taxation , at least given the usa seems to work ok despite delaware doing this . 
  for the sake of debate , what do you think that minimum tax could be ? 
  [ here 's the corporate rates of europe . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_rates_of_europe ) bulgaria and cyprus take 10 % , france 33 % , belgium 34 % , malta 35 % . 
  until there are mechanisms to account for the massive losses incurred by either the high or low rate nations then i just do n't see how its feasible . 
  its this that makes me think a two ( or multiple ) speed europe is the best thing . 
  it allows the nations that want to press ahead with integration to do so , and as they reap the benefits of their enhanced integration then other countries will be jumping at the chance to get in on the act . 
  i think internal tax differences will be one of the final hurdles before full federalism . 
  once everyone pays the same rate and into the same pot there 's not much left . 
  i do n't know what the irish resistance would be though . 
  they have language advantages at the moment , but that erodes over time as other nations become more fluent in english . 
  same with infrastructure as eastern countries develop . 
  not really . 
  ireland has a disproportionate number of companies headquartered there due to its favourable tax rates . 
  ireland is well aware that if it lost this competitive advantage then it would lose a lot of its business . 
  if everywhere has the same tax rates , then companies relocate to where labour is cheapest ( factoring in other things such as quality of labour ) . 
  maybe an eastern nation becomes the eu 's new tax avoidance headquarters . 
  also , if all eu corporate taxes are exactly the same , then what will happen to nations like luxembourg ? 
  they would be fucked . 
  the other issue is what that rate would be . 
  if its too low then richer countries lose tons of income as they are forced to drop their taxes . 
  if its too high then the poorer countries object because many of their normal ( non-multinational ) companies wo n't survive dramatic tax increases . 
  and if one country fails to implement these taxes then the whole thing is ruined . 
   leaving is n't the answer . 
  it never is . 
  you ca n't run away from your problems . 
  you can and you are encouraged to . 
  that 's what free movement seeks to do . 
  in times of hardship we as individuals have the opportunity to move across borders and find work and salary elsewhere . 
  the kicker in all this is that it very much is the answer . 
  the goal is a european state , and in that free movement is an absolute necessity !, 
  the upside is our industries requiring high numbers of intelligent people will have them in greater quantity than ever before . 
  the downside is brain drain in the nations where citizens leave . 
  but in federal europe the richer countries will subsidise the poorer ones ( like in the usa ) . 
  the problem is we do n't have federal europe yet , which basically means the glass is either half full or half empty depending on your perspective . 
  of course the government facilitates it , they make the laws that allow it to happen . 
  nevertheless , its tax * avoidance * not evasion . 
  its all perfectly legal . 
  if we want to fix it then we have to make the irish government alter their taxation arrangements , a move that would seriously fuck their economy and one they would certainly reject . 
  and even then , apple would only move to the next best tax haven , of which there are many . 
   telecoms from rich countries already own many telecoms of poorer countries . 
  abolishing more borders means even more money going from the poor to the rich . 
  a single market for telecoms should n't make a difference to this . 
  if the rich companies own the poorer ones then they will export their profits out of the poorer country asap regardless . 
  another interesting comparison maybe the weimar republic . 
  its reliance on the usa meant weimar felt the great depression more severely . 
  perhaps like greece nowadays ( although it still has a modicum of influence ) , weimar effectively lost control of its own economic destiny , at least if it continued to play by the rules of the day . 
  i 'm not saying greece ends up the same way as germany ( everything outside economics is overwhelmingly different ) , but much like germany , greece certainly does not have the power to implement anything similar to fdr 's new deal . 
  i think we 'll start with the absolute basics , which will slowly develop into eu . 
  though i fully expect the phone companies to be total bastards about this and delay the process as much as possible . 
  greece is having a rough time at the moment !, 
  their alleged oil riches will be a little bit of a double edged sword . 
  tl ; dr benefits for northern europe , another shit thing for southern europe . 
  fair enough . 
  though there are more than these opt outs , and on things essential to the european project . 
  the uk , ireland ( schengen plus afsj - so irish opt-outs are not just due to the uk/schengen situation ) , denmark , poland , sweden , and the czech republic ( after the next eu treaty ) all possess important opt-outs . 
  its also worth remembering the very nature of the european project means opt-outs should exist , simply because tentative integration is better than no integration at all . 
  free movement in the eu !, 
  all they need to do now is develop the emptier area and henceforth democratic lebensraum . 
   sweden is , for now , deliberately not joining it so that it does n't meet the conditions . 
  that 's just another way of getting an opt-out . 
  as you say , sweden is deliberately not joining . 
  its not as if they do n't have the economic strength or capabilities to handle erm ii . 
  i agree with everything you say . 
  but then , moving back to whether bonus legislation is a necessity , does that convince you it absolutely is ? 
  to me , cdo 's are worth investigating and regulating . 
  rating agencies , if biased , deserve overwhelming criticism , fines , & some form of oversight to ensure they do n't become biased again . 
  i do n't see what limiting someone 's salary does in this instance other than satisfy the mob . 
  there are much more effective ways to stop this from happening . 
  their claim was that someone had turned off their earpiece things , which meant everything was out of sync for them . 
  conspiracy to ruin our chances because of iraq !!!!, 
  or they were shite ... 
  its really your fault then schleswig-holstein . 
  if you 'd have done your job properly none of this would be happening . 
  i believe the problem is the hypothesised domino effect if the larger banks are left to go bankrupt . 
  the simpler problem is people lose all confidence in eu banks if the eu is not willing to bail them out , in which case mass cash runs occur ( which carries bad consequences ) . 
  the more complex one is interbank liabilities .
