  as it happened , an international team of investigators were sent in and quickly refused entry to the site . 
  there 's nothing to say any dutch force would 've been treated differently . 
  and they certainly would not have fought their way through and engaged with the rebels and/or russian troops supposedly not in ukraine . 
  it also would 've taken longer for the dutch to arrive than it did the aforementioned investigators . 
  the rebels would 've known this and planned accordingly ( e.g. 
  removing more of the crashed plane and messing up the site anymore than they may have already ) . 
  i fully understand the desire to have reacted more strongly after this , but tbf i think the dutch knew their strengths , their limitations , and acted accordingly . 
  one of the problems of `` more europe '' was the worry that it would become very biased towards the ez . 
  i have some sympathy for that when the opposition is nations that refuse to join the ez . 
  but when you add nations that were in the ez but got kicked out ( if greece goes ) , then it becomes a very different and more difficult problem . 
   those were contested territories and imo comparing poland to germany is unfair . 
  the germany of 1938 also saw much of poland ( and elsewhere ) as contested territories . 
  that 's also because they 're in a big war . 
  the generations that were involved in and fought the war got past it and moved on . 
  its frustrating that several decades later those that had nothing to do with it have decided to bring it back up . 
  yes . 
  they are your ` things ' . 
  much like the germans have efficiency and britain has tea . 
  it would be very strange if she turned out to be a massive anti-feminist . 
  people ( especially younger ) moving from backwards ( relatively ) east germany to prosperous west germany . 
  may and hammond 's contracts are up at the end of the month too , so all three will be free to work . 
  they have both suggested they wo n't continue the show without clarkson , so we shall see . 
   awesome ... 
  here is the end of my favorite show ever . 
  top gear will get picked up by someone else . 
  350 million viewers worldwide and a brand that generates millions . 
  clarkson is a murdoch journalist ( sun columnist ) , so the early rumour is the programme will move to sky in the uk . 
  that 's croatia 's law and its not universally correct . 
  some countries choose to make supporting neo-nazism illegal , others believe it falls under freedom of speech/belief . 
  it is the editing teams job to edit it , so if it slips through then that is their fault . 
  however , that does n't absolve clarkson from making the comment in the first place . 
  the presence of an editing team does n't give him the right to make racist comments whilst filming . 
  hence his apologies . 
   anyway , once again , i wo n't place any judgment before hearing clearly both parties and their version of the story . 
  that 's just been released . 
  his contract expires at the end of this month and will not be renewed . 
   everyone who 's not in the telco business but sends people across borders would profit , including many big firms . 
  this group is just much more diverse and not organised such that it could challenge the telco lobbying . 
  this second sentence very well clarifies the first . 
  non-telco companies may benefit from this , but their benefit is nothing compared to the losses suffered by most telco companies . 
   it was a final warning about racist comment on screen , nothing related to his action here . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  disciplinary procedures are related to his employment , not a specific act within it . 
  so he ca n't be on a final warning for racism , then get a final warning for assault , then get a final warning for something else . 
  its final warning -  lose job . 
  a falklands conflict would not lead to striking the argentine mainland , except perhaps for military bases . 
  however : eurofighter has a range of 3,790 km . 
  the falklands to buenos aires is 1,913 km ( and there is a lot of argentina much closer to that , including all naval bases ) . 
  so assuming mid-air refuelling is out of the question , so too is buenos aires . 
  but as i said , that would never have happened anyway . 
  i believe it was for an invasion of poland by any nation , but i 'm not sure . 
  it raises an interesting point though . 
  the expectation was that germany would invade and gb/fr would retaliate against germany in poland 's defence . 
  however , 16 days later the soviets invaded too . 
  there 's debate over how successful an immediate invasion of germany would have been . 
  there is absolutely no chance an invasion of germany , then 16 days later an invasion of the ussr could 've happened , worked , or been anything other than complete disaster . 
   at the end of the day , ~ ~ we 're all indo-europeans and ~ ~ we should care for each other . 
  as you 'll see , the last thing i said was that all this does n't change that gb and fr made commitments and failed to live up to them . 
  i 'd say that 's pretty similar to the following :  if britain and france were n't going to follow through and invade germany as promised then they should n't have signed a military alliance with poland and made those promises . 
   it could and that 's why the soviets waited invading germany as a response to the invasion of poland would have taken far more than 16 days to plan and execute . 
  remember that neither gb or fr were prepared , france was heavily geared towards defence and overwhelmingly war weary . 
  britain would 've had to bring dominion troops over ( weeks and months depending on where ) . 
   i 'm afraid that germans took better advantage of it that period saw massive weapons purchases by france and gb . 
  it also saw fighting in the atlantic . 
  that said , i would agree that germany benefitted considerably more from this inactivity . 
  considering the speed of french defeat , the addition of the bef would n't have made an overwhelming difference . 
  the time in between the invasions of poland and france also served as time to prepare for both britain and france as well . 
   then they 've attacked and used exactly the wwi ( schlieffen ) plan germany knew this was something of a risk , but more than anything it shows how unwilling france had been to engage in european war since 1918 . 
  that unwillingness can not be overlooked . 
   the war they could have and would probably lost in 1939 . 
  that 's incredibly unlikely . 
  at best it would have created a stalemate on mainland europe , much like in wwi . 
  and even so , british and french intervention against germany would n't have stopped the soviet invasion of poland . 
  the number of troops on the western border is n't helpful considering britain would have had to import troops from australia , canada and india . 
  that would 've taken weeks at least . 
  by then germany 's western border would 've been much more populated . 
  the french were also completely without an appetite for war and focused on defence rather than attack . 
   all of those excuses sounds just poorly if you compare the polish forces and `` allied '' ( including neutral benelux ) which resisted for about a similar time . 
  by contrast , look at how well france resisted when france itself was attacked . 
  that shows how well prepared france ( and the uk to an extent ) was . 
   peace in our time ... 
  this is duly reflected in chamberlain 's ranking of british prime ministers . 
  this comes up regularly . 
  the unfortunate reality was that britain and france lacked the readiness for war in 1939 . 
  britain 's army in europe was too small , and bringing troops in from the dominions would take long enough that germany would 've conquered poland already . 
  france was even worse . 
  politically it was massively divided . 
  militarily it lacked because it had positioned itself as a defence focused and territorially satisfied nation ( e.g. 
  the maginot line ) . 
  the french military was geared for a few years of defensive war and allied naval blockades , followed by a large-scale attack on germany and italy . 
  this is pretty much what happened , except france did n't bank on being conquered too . 
  that 's some of the reasons why uk/fr did n't attack germany immediately . 
  it does n't change that they had previously committed to poland that they would , and that they failed to live up to this . 
  depends how quickly nukes could have been rolled out , and what stalin 's response to it would have been . 
  that turn of events is worse than what happened , and what happened was n't good for many nations . 
   french politicians are among those who hide their money abroad , of course they wo n't push for anything preventing them to line their pockets . 
  i would guess starting at home and dealing with these politicians is step 1 . 
  then the eu can be dealt with . 
   malta is also one of the most corrupt countries in europe . 
  that 's not a good combination , if we want to keep people with a criminal record out of the schengen area .
