  barthou and king alexander were shot in marseille . 
  the french reaction was to attend to the serbian king and not give a flying fuck about barthou . 
  that assassination also took out a french minister , louis barthou . 
  the problem is medical attention only went to king alexander . 
  barthou died after walking to the hospital . 
   the person becoming eu commission president and his/her program has to be a compromise between different member states and parties . 
  but involving the eu parliament makes the whole process much more transparent than backroom deals between eu governments . 
  these are both very salient points . 
  the question is therefore whether the current system is the best possible way to guarantee both of them . 
  the current system is surely an improvement on the previous methods , but that does n't make it perfect . 
   you demand that the process should be made more open and we should `` revisit '' the process ? 
  that 's pretty funny since this election was the first one that was intended to find the candidate this way . 
  this was the big story !, 
  the big story of the elections was undoubtedly the rise in euroscepticism . 
  that 's been the most relevant thing for well over a year prior to the election as well . 
  nevertheless , read my earlier posts . 
  i fully accept juncker 's candidacy . 
  that was the system and he won it . 
  but that does n't make the system perfect . 
   i am firmly against direct leadership elections . 
  it does n't need to be a direct leadership election , as per the usa . 
  simply making it more transparent than the backroom dealings we saw is already a major improvement . 
  again , that 's not juncker 's fault , its the system he played in . 
   but his fraction got the largest share of votes . 
  what merkel wants or does n't should really not be relevant . 
  i fully agree with this statement . 
  my point there was that the 26-2 vote does not accurately reflect the support and opposition juncker had . 
  that 's one reason why revisiting the procedure is a good idea . 
  revisiting does not mean removing it . 
  rather , the process could be made more open from the beginning ( e.g. 
  open leadership elections ) and it could be formally enshrined . 
  for example , cameron 's opposition ( and for the record he did it very badly ) was not technically wrong . 
  the council was not bound to appoint juncker . 
  therefore , revisiting the procedure could lead to reform that does bind the council . 
  that too would be a good step forward in my opinion . 
  the backroom deals bit is shitty , but that 's how many parties across europe and the world operate . 
  i would very happily accept the eu making it law to make leadership contests much more open . 
   but at least the voter has the last word and can choose between the candidates of the different party families in the european elections . 
  that i agree with . 
   what i do not understand is why an existing prime minister should not be able to candidate for the eu commission presidency . 
  i agree with you here too . 
  what would be interesting is which extant leaders would go for the commission presidency . 
  i ca n't see any leader from the uk , france , germany or italy going for the post for instance , unless that leader all but knew they were not going to be re-elected . 
  whilst the uk media no doubt did n't go into enough detail , there still seemed to be a tiny amount of discussion on this . 
  perhaps this happened more during the leaders debates etc. 
  and perhaps the protest against juncker/spitzenkandidat meant we saw less of the debate than we usually would . 
  this is the system and he won it , so good luck to him . 
  but it can definitely be improved , be made more visible and be created in a much more concrete way . 
  the 26-2 vote of course looks and is damning for both the uk and hungary . 
  however its also worth remembering that this was the final outcome of a negotiation process that began with the uk , sweden , the netherlands , hungary and italy all lacking complete confidence in juncker . 
  germany too was not always 100 % behind juncker , rather merkel fell into that position not long after the election . 
   it has never been in britain 's interest that any unified/great power exists in the mainland . 
  it has n't been in anyone 's interests , except the power itself , to have a unified/great power on the mainland . 
  i 'll happily accept the epp got the most votes therefore juncker became the president . 
  what i found strange however , was that i never found an article or argument justifying why he was chosen , i.e. 
  his policies and beliefs . 
  on 1 , no , cameron has not outlined any specifics on what reform could or would look like ( i.e. 
  his starting position ) . 
  euroscepticism is often rooted in immigration worries , so there 's likely that . 
  the security of the city is surely one ( i.e. 
  no ftt because that 's legislation that hurts the uk more than anyone ) . 
  guarantees over monetary/fiscal policy i 'd expect to see , to structure a relationship for a deeper eurozone without hurting non-ez members . 
  on 2 , i would like to see the concept of a two-tier eu formalised in a way that allows those that want to go federal be allowed to do so . 
  those that do not , should not have to . 
  in principal this sounds easy , but the difficulty is creating a situation whereby the non-integration nations are n't rendered powerless or hurt ( e.g. 
  the eurozone comment ) . 
  for 3 , what i think will happen is the uk achieves one or two `` special benefits '' . 
  these will be accepted and the 2017 referendum will keep the uk in the eu . 
  the uk will aim for non-integration reforms for `` all nations that do n't want to go further '' . 
  it wo n't get them , and ultimately i think that will be a bad thing for the entire eu because it leaves the question of `` who truly wants to go federal '' unanswered . 
  we have two already . 
  one is csdp , through the eu , the other is nato , through classic multilateralism . 
  thank you . 
   what presumption ? 
  the presumption is made by many of the people that have responded to my initial comment . 
  no i have n't read the legislation document explicitly . 
  yes i do know what it covers , because i have read numerous summaries , articles , implications etc. 
  of it ( it is after all one of the most infamous pieces of eu legislation ) . 
   first not true scotman and now worst strawman i 've seen in weeks . 
  congratulations , you 've picked up strawman , the classic reddit counter , and used no true scotsman , the current in fashion response . 
  accuse me of salami tactics now , the early 2014 in vogue comeback . 
  oddly though , i do n't think you 've used either of these terms correctly . 
  please , for my own benefit , explain your assertions . 
  the scotsman accusation fails because i have n't proposed something unreasonable . 
  it is very possible to have a more than adequate knowledge of legislation without reading the entire legislative document . 
  my discussion about the implications and interpretations of the legislation are also very reasonable . 
  the use of class i , ii etc. 
  is a good idea . 
  procurement should be made easier . 
  some of the clauses , i.e. 
  those relating to vegetable straightness , are worth revisiting . 
  indeed , attempted retractions of the legislation have done exactly that . 
  the legislation 's inability to tackle consumer demands for pretty food is also reasonable ( attempted retractions of the legislation conceded exactly this ) . 
  to say the legislation can not change consumer demands is also very reasonable . 
  that 's not the legislation 's fault though , its a psychological flaw that we perceive `` prettier '' vegetables to taste better . 
  the strawman fails because i have n't misrepresented anything . 
  my discussion focused on the legislation 's inability to alter consumer demands for pretty food ( a wholly different issue ) . 
  i actually credited the legislation 's use of class i , ii etc. 
  for making procurement easier . 
  you 've yet to counter against either of those .
