  buy this 10 $ coin for just 14.90 $ !, 
  if the hypothesis is once the discriminated demographics get to interview then they 'll be able to convince the employer they are perfect despite age/appearance etc. 
  then it would be a good idea . 
  [ bbc link ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-21064114 ), 
  the thing that continually bothers me is the potential gazprom has . 
  not in terms of being a massively successful company , but as a basis for russia to invest it in wholesale development of their country and its future . 
  the shtokman field , russia 's 3rd biggest , has a volume output equivalent to norway 's annual gas output . 
  in terms of proven oil reserves , russia lies 8th in the world , behind opec nations and canada . 
  so you guys not only built levees around your coastline , but also your inland borders ? 
  it makes sense , but why did n't the belgians etc. 
  get in on the act . 
  i would pay to see this happen . 
  i can just imagine an mp ( i like to think eric pickles ) wielding the mace , forcing the tories to implement each and every policy of his under threat of medieval death . 
  in the uk a dyke is a slang term for a lesbian . 
  that makes this so difficult to comprehend . 
  i keep on reading this as nasa 's onion spaceship . 
  its frustrating . 
  this !, 
  it would obviously affect england a lot , but other countries perhaps far more . 
  nations that used the english channel to sail down to france , spain , and into the mediterranean would now have to loop around scotland . 
  difficult to say . 
  whilst cameron says we should renegotiate our terms , the snp overwhelmingly want scotland in the eu . 
  from that perspective yes scotland is more pro-eu . 
  a slightly more cynical argument is that one of the motivations for all this is that the eu is central to an independent scotland . 
  the threat of a uk exit from the eu before scotland becomes independent could ruin the snp campaign altogether . 
  scotland ca n't remain in the eu as an independent nation if the uk is n't in the eu when scotland becomes independent . 
  the snp want independence as they believe scotland would be better off financially , socially , and culturally , if independent . 
  as an example , the snp brochure on [ independence ] ( http://www.snp.org/sites/default/files/issue/documents/yes_-_choice.pdf ) says scotland gets 9.3 % uk spending , but pays 9.4 % uk taxes . 
  obviously westminster says otherwise . 
  the eu is irrelevant to this , other than arguments about whether scotland automatically remains in the eu , or has to negotiate eu entry . 
  if the uk left the eu before scottish independence this would be overwhelmingly important . 
  a `` better deal '' not so much . 
  move to the north of england and/or scotland . 
  we will educate you in hating the tories . 
  i find the whole situation very curious . 
  that someone wants to serve in the armed forces to protect their country ( in whatever capacity they define ` protect ' ) seems very noble . 
  that said , its seems an almost paradoxical situation to thank soldiers for `` protecting us '' in wars we do n't agree with that in some circumstances are against nations that did n't threaten us . 
  then again , that war was not the choice of any soldier , but of the government . 
  so the soldier simply does their job and deserves thanking for it , but the people that decided on or continue the wars deserve protesting against . 
  this is the bbc 's mini section on the speech , which will be delivered friday 18 january . 
  it contains news updates , commentators views , a q&a , and more . 
  it will be updated accordingly , particularly tomorrow and especially friday . 
  thought / r/europe would appreciate it given the speech may well dominate the subreddit come friday , if not sooner . 
  this is utterly retarded . 
  i 'm all for the symbolic meaning of strasbourg as a border zone between france and germany , but this is unnecessarily wasteful . 
  regarding schengen i would imagine scotland would n't join it , but would sign certain border agreements with the uk prior to becoming independent . 
  my simple rationale for this is that it is for the same reason roi opted out of schengen . 
  barroso said that scotland , if it gains independence , will not be granted automatic eu entry . 
  this could be for numerous reasons ( such as the effect it may well have on the catalan push for independence ) , but he said it nonetheless . 
  thus , if scotland needs to rejoin the eu , do n't they automatically have to join the eurozone ? 
  [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/euro/adoption/who_can_join/index_en.htm ), 
  i do n't understand the mentality behind the accompanying photograph . 
  we ca n't show you their faces , so here 's their respective tits ? 
  i love that she of all people heads up the aliens department . 
  brilliant !, 
  through nato the usa is fully committed to defending europe . 
  it 's obviously not like during the cold war , and usareur did shrink during 2012 to reflect this ( and economic woes ) . 
  but that 's 21st century politics and war shaping . 
  the us navy added ships to counter iran , whilst missile defence systems are being built in turkey and poland . 
  europe is far less risky than in the 20th , but all this means is europe is now a great base from which to deploy troops into africa/asia/middle east . 
  edit : added stuff . 
  enjoy . 
  list of countries by tax rates . 
  for comparison purposes . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tax_rates ), 
  maybe we should interact with them then instead of moaning about how they need to change or else we throw the rattle out the pram ? 
  [ purpleland 's national anthem ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skkiwo_x4i4 ), 
  british and am happy for them to be there . 
  it does n't affect me personally either way . 
  i think they 've been particularly good recently at creating a national unity and spirit . 
  certainly a far cry from the early 90s when people were growing increasingly republican after the charles/diana split . 
  i love paying taxes , so i 'm headed for paris . 
  some more than others . 
  i have no idea of the belgian monarchy profit/loss , but the british monarchy is a massive cash cow . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/theroyalfamily/7850335/the-royal-family-is-a-bargain-for-britain.html ), 
   the snp does n't believe in people determining their future unless it 's on their own nationalist terms . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong ( and i may have misunderstood this ) , but this sounds hypocritical . 
  they argue people should have freedom of choice regarding independence , but only within certain parameters that could be extremely subjective . 
  so they accept scotland as a whole , but have decided that shetland would have no choice over its future , for instance if shetlanders wished to remain in the uk . 
  shetland is part of scotland , and its people must accept this regardless of whether they feel closer to the uk as a whole rather than scotland ( as a non-uk scotland ) ? 
  wesley snipes , though his was us of course . 
  there is plenty of religion to be abandoned in ireland though , or at least there was ... 
  poland . 
  its history means it has a fantastic blend of west and east , plus a strong polish identity . 
  its very cheap too !!!, 
  as for cities , i 'd recommend krakow above all , but would be keen to hear what other people have to say . 
  pretty much because of everything i said above . 
  uk is sugar . 
  if you want hfcs you must pay a premium for it at one of those american candy stores . 
  one would assume they 'd try and secede as part of the eu , exactly as scotland is trying . 
  i appreciate this does n't answer your question . 
  it would be interesting because spain would surely benefit from catalan eu membership . 
  could n't agree more !, 
  i support this to the extent we should teach at least one foreign language from a very early age . 
  surely this is dependent on the type of austerity and stimulus implemented . 
  in the greek scenario papandreou increased the civil service between 2010-11 rather than investing in projects to kick-start the economy . 
  whilst this is employment and could theoretically create some sort of multiplier , surely there are far better investments ? 
  in situations such as that a mixture of austerity to curb over grown bureaucracy and government spending with investment stimuli seems necessary . 
  i appreciate how latvia and greece are n't directly comparable , but before panning austerity altogether , latvia demonstrated its strength when used correctly . 
  pan-european individuals would unfortunately be too tough as you say because they are too divisive .
