  quite excited for the eurosceptic spin on this . 
  can they manage to criticise the eu for ` taking away our illegal prostitutes ' ? 
  how good is independent wales ? 
  the scottish debate relies on oil making it a wealthy country . 
  what does independent wales bring to the table ? 
  that 's a question by the way , i 'm not trying to criticise the prospect . 
  haha i quite enjoy the thought of an independent scotland using its oil to bankroll separatist revolutions or referendums in all other european states . 
  like the usa used to intervene in any nation swaying left , scotland will intervene in any nation with a separatist movement . 
  yeah fuck that . 
  in particular the bit about building infrastructure to the caucasus . 
  i 'd rather invest within the union that connect a country outside of the union to another country outside of the union . 
  that 's my point though . 
  greenland voluntarily seceded from any and every benefit of the eu . 
  does it therefore qualify to receive benefits in the future when it suits the needs of greenland ? 
  i 'm sure the reality is the eu would protect greenland btw , both for greenland and for denmark . 
  i 'm happy with that too . 
  in many ways the eu has to be an exclusive club in order to maintain the benefits it currently enjoys . 
  many will argue that it is not exclusive enough , and as a result has suffered ( for instance emu and allowing cyprus/greece/italy into the $ ) . 
  one can even argue that this exclusivity serves to benefit would-be members in the long-term . 
  take bulgaria for example . 
  it passed all the necessary laws and thus joined the eu . 
  since then it has deteriorated legally and institutionally . 
  we are now into the 7th month of protests and soon to be 8th . 
  but the bulgarian government has no carrot to aim for . 
  its in the eu already . 
  and the eu does n't kick nations out either . 
  does the eu have any member states with arctic claims ? 
  britain has none , norway is n't in . 
  denmark has some , i believe through greenland , but greenland [ withdrew from the eu . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/withdrawal_from_the_european_union ), 
  the guardian 's article here is a little bit sketchy . 
  target2 is quite easy to turn into scare-mongering . 
  on 5 dec , draghi said target2 's balance had begun decreasing , so that 's one thing . 
  here 's an article explaining why the target2 scare-mongering is nothing more and why it 's not such a deathly [ liability for germany . 
  ] ( http://blogs.reuters.com/felix-salmon/2012/06/14/dont-worry-about-target2/ ) other than this i agree with what you 're saying . 
   the downside after such a move would be large cash reserves outside the country , but that 's another problem if germany was printing deutschmarks to counterbalance appreciation , why would that mean large cash reserves outside germany ? 
  vitali klitschko is the udar leader , not wladimir ( who is not in ukrainian politics at all ) . 
  this picture is of vitali , not wladimir . 
  just wanted to clarify . 
  sadly , the answer to that in the british media is , `` whatever the fuck it wants to be so long as we are n't in it . '', 
  slight difference being the russians erected those monuments after reaching berlin at the end of wwii , not least after the end of the eastern front ( pretty much the most barbaric war that 's ever happened ) . 
  you of course know the apologetic tone germany has taken for its role in wwii , hence why those monuments remain . 
  the german state or people knocking them down would not look good . 
  ukraine on the other hand has suffered the consequences of bolshevism for 80 years ( a bolshevism they were not responsible for and were only victims of ) , and since then has still failed to overcome the russian vice . 
  i think the point of toppling lenin 's statue is to say that ukrainians have had enough of the russian influence , the bad things it brings , and the opportunities it crushes . 
  that 's a great idea . 
  win-win . 
  in the uk the tories can honour thatcher all over the country to their satisfaction , then the rest of the country gets the satisfaction of smashing the statues up at every opportunity . 
  god damn it . 
  i was caught between posting before others did and spending time thinking of a wonderful pun . 
  well done sir . 
  on a serious note , do we know if this is the workings of a protest , or if there 's a symbolic meaning ? 
  lenin is a good symbol of russian rule over ukraine . 
  in that sense , nothing 's changed . 
  lenin 's gone . 
  the soviets have gone . 
  but russia still rules ukraine . 
  [ lenin 's down !, 
  ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/international/wirestory/anti-govt-opposition-protesters-topple-lenin-statue-central-21140604 ) the first victim . 
  `` ever closer union '' has become the symbolic target of david cameron . 
  as with most things the uk wants , we are n't alone , but we are the biggest nation involved . 
  it would n't surprise me to see other nations moving in and out of the anti-closer union coalition as they see fit . 
  the german case is interesting . 
  coerced into the euro as the price of reunification , but they get the ecb ( which is on german economic principles no doubt ) . 
  that made them the centre of the $ . 
  germany also wanted a much reduced eurozone , with only nations like benelux , germany , france , uk , and any of the scandinavian nations should they want in . 
  it was france that negotiated a wider eurozone , and france especially that snuck italy in . 
  fully agree with the need for common economic and political set ups . 
  it certainly seems a federation or bust scenario is the way to solve it , but that 's one nobody will agree to . 
  i agree with everything you say , but i do n't blame germany one bit for doing what it is doing . 
  that 's the way all this works . 
  its an identical principle that explains french refusal to fully reform cap , or to remove strasbourg from the calendar . 
  the same logic explains any country 's refusal to do anything . 
  what 's likely to happen if scotland goes independent then soon realises it was better off in the uk ? 
  those things wo n't go away with federalisation or a common army . 
  if anything they 'd get considerably worse . 
  at present the eu was n't able to achieve consensus on syria . 
  but any nation could go in independently of the eu . 
  if we were a federation or had a common army we could end up seeing soldiers from a nation that was strongly against syrian intervention being sent into syria , simply because they were the nearest or best equipped units for the task . 
  perhaps i 'm biased because as a brit my country is very powerful politically , economically and militarily as it is . 
  i strongly imagine the calls for a united europe for foreign policy or political purposes come from people whose nations are not historically powerful on these fronts . 
  what sort of irrational states are you thinking of ? 
  the threat of nato more than deals with that anyway . 
  the eu itself might not be able to make threats , but there 's no need for it to . 
  who would the eu have threatened anyway ? 
  united front or not , china would n't have done anything differently re the solar panels . 
  the eu is pretty united as it is with regards to russia , so there 's nothing to gain there . 
  what do we need to `` have a chance '' against the us , china or russia in ? 
  economically we compete with them . 
  deepening the single market would help in that aspect . 
  militaristically there is n't much real threat unless ww3 happens , in which case federation or not , we are all fucked . 
  politically we are strong as it is . 
  i 'm lost as to what `` threats '' the eu has made to the us , china and russia and not followed through on ? 
   many germans , fearful of inflation due to their experiences with hyperinflation before hitler 's rise to power , oppose the ecb 's latest cut . 
  this is an annoying fallacy . 
  hyperinflation happened in 1924 and around the time of the munich putsch . 
  the nazis were then nothing more than a bavarian fringe party . 
  their rise to popularity came after chancellor bruning pursued deflationary policies in 1930 that led to the nazis becoming germany 's most popular party in the elections . 
  france has always been very active militarily in africa . 
  the important thing though , is whereas once upon a time ( like the rest of europe ) it was all conquest , imperialism and european supremacy , nowadays it is more about interventions , stopping crises from developing and generally trying to be helpful .
