  no formal us alliance means we need to buy this stuff if we are going to conduct any operations anywhere . 
  obviously there 's a sarcastic element to this that is maybe being taken out of context . 
  regardless though , its a really bad attempt at a joke and was always going to be taken the wrong way . 
  any would-be public servant really should know better . 
   well , france and germany did n't do that in the 80s , 90s ... and we now have a union france and germany knew exactly what they were doing and both nations only agreed to legislation because it was deemed ultimately to benefit both france and germany . 
  sometimes this worked , other times it did not . 
  forgive me for using the cliche example , but germany wanted a much more closed $ group . 
  italy did n't meet the cut , but france and prodi got it in . 
  greece missed the cut and had to wait , but was let in during a blind pursuit of union . 
  but germany agreed to this because it felt the membership of these countries was better than the status quo , which was no $ at all . 
   `` we would like to see the eu improve things before we starting sending powers its way '' this needs breaking into a pre-crisis and crisis period . 
  pre-crisis the uk was hesitant and i 'm sure it annoyed the eu . 
  that sucks , but in the crisis environment nobody can or should be upset with the uk trying to keep its powers or vetoing things . 
  and that is the present day reality . 
  we are n't the only ones and anybody that thinks we are is scapegoating . 
  uk vetoes budget increases due to financial crisis . 
  uk vetoes any and every banking regulation due to massive reliance on city of london . 
  france vetoes wholesale cap reform due to massively benefitting from cap . 
  france vetoes strasbourg reforms for the same reason . 
  what is the likelihood and possibilities of leaving the eu and joining / remaining in the eea ? 
  who decides on eea membership ( norway , iceland , liechtenstein ? 
  france , germany et al. ) ? 
  this seems to be the centrepiece of the argument . 
  entry to the eea dismisses this article and makes the eu 's benefits everything above and beyond eea . 
  its the above and beyond that is the focus of ukip and euroscepticism in the uk ( the most common pro-eu argument is single market based , which the eea route provides ) . 
  although , i would love to see ukip discuss norway 's position vis-a-vis it still makes eu contributions , but receives no eu grants . 
  norway is the eu 's 10th biggest contributor . 
  presumably ` taxes and taxation in russia ' is for all the french tax evaders ? 
  ftfy , 
  the article states money laundering in cyprus is about as much as other european countries , which it says goes against the common perception of cyprus as the eu 's foremost money laundering nation . 
  even if the article is proven true , to me it makes no difference . 
  cyprus was the first nation to suffer a bail-in , it wo n't be the last ( provided more nations ask for help ) . 
  it does n't matter if its spain , france , germany , wherever , they all pay a bail-in . 
  it just means there was less money laundering than first thought . 
  and as for other banks doing it , well they had enough cash to pay the fine . 
  according to [ this article , submitted here yesterday , ] ( http://www.csmonitor.com/world/europe/2013/0426/greece-starts-firing-civil-servants-for-first-time-in-a-century ) the target is 180,000 by 2015 . 
  now its just 15,000 ? 
  anybody have any ideas what the reality is ? 
  and in doing so raise approximately $ 35bn per year for the eu to finance debt-laden countries or fund cultural projects ( or pay commissioners ... ) . 
  this is what the european commission expects ftt to do , [ enjoy the complete document if you want  ( http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/resources/documents/taxation/other_taxes/financial_sector/summ_impact_assesmt_en.pdf ) * up to a 90 per cent reduction in derivatives transactions ( based on the swedish experience ) . 
  * slightly negative or positive effect on economic growth depending on the design of the eu ftt . 
  * an effective curb on automated high-frequency trading and highly leveraged derivatives * an increase in capital costs , which could be mitigated by excluding primary markets for bonds and shares from the tax * the real economy could be protected by ensuring the tax is levied only on secondary financial products , thus not affecting transactions such as salary payments , corporate and household loans . 
  having to negotiate the post-independence economy with george osborne is the best thing that could 've happened to the snp . 
  i fully expect scotland to go independent and yet somehow gain complete control of the bank of england . 
  its nice to see the swiss involved in something !, 
  please update once this war has taken place . 
  lets use it as a predictor and see if we can make the shitty tabloid newspapers . 
   one sinks even `` beneath the beasts ? '' . 
  i read that as one sinks beneath the breasts . 
  for a moment i thought kant had a some sarcasm in him . 
  sadly i was mistaken . 
  yes but you are talking about institutional make up , not historic ties . 
  i 'm no expert on the bureaucratic structures of the former soviet states , but i would guess they were all very similar in 1989 ( please correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  they have gone different ways since 1989 , and every accession process was therefore very different . 
  turkey has been an association member since 1963 and made its accession application in 1987 . 
  turkey is nowhere near , which means we 've got plenty of time for ukraine to satisfy every necessary requirement if they want to . 
  much like other former soviet states then . 
  it will take time , but we always knew that . 
  that 's why negotiation processes take years . 
  but the fact they are in ` the east ' should make no difference whatsoever . 
  my point stands whether its hollande personally or the socialist party . 
  but thank you for pointing that out nonetheless . 
  berlusconi 's party is in it , but berlusconi says he will not become a minister . 
  how does this affect his sentencing ( not like he 's ever going to prison ) ? 
  this can work if the jobs lost are replaced after far reaching reorganisation of the greek civil service to make it more efficient . 
  otherwise they are just taking the piss . 
  100,000 out , 100,000 in , and lets forget to tell the eu about the second of those statistics . 
  i hope you are both wrong and that your user name is in no way relevant to your hopes for turkey . 
  shut up francois . 
  of course she acts in germany 's interest , she 's the german chancellor . 
  if you do n't act in french interests , then maybe let some cap reform happen or allow the eu to stop wasting money in strasbourg . 
  that would save literally billions of euros that could be better spent . 
  does east and west really matter ? 
  if they can meet all the requirements to join then let them join the party . 
  until that point they can queue up outside . 
  i presume britain is the father in this scenario ? 
  source : everything before your rebellious teenage years in 1776 . , 
  thank you romania for correcting me , a british person , about this native language of mine . 
  there 's some sort of almost corrupt tendency to admire the ancient people that created vast empires despite the obvious horror that went with it . 
  its just down to the fact we do n't have documentation of their atrocities . 
  we know it happened , we know the torture people were put through and the brutal executions for entertainment 's sake in the arena . 
  but its so impersonal by comparison to modern atrocities because we know and remember . 
  though going forward the future generations have our memories in photos , audio , video etc. 
  maybe that will change it . 
  the 1945 conservative campaign was shitty . 
  they based it on churchill and nobody else ( which almost seems ok given the circumstances , but clearly overlooks the fact that a government is more than 1 man ) , then churchill accused atlee of needing a gestapo . 
  labour by contrast ran with creating the nhs . 
  with a load of war injuries a national health service is literally the perfect policy . 
  four bombing raids between feb 13 and 15 1945 killed between 22,000 and 25,000 . 
  the bombs were full of incendiary devices , i.e. 
  it is argued there was no advantage gained from bombing the city so late in the war . 
  the soviets were either past it , or clearly not going to be going through it en route to berlin ( i forget which ) . 
  its population was very largely civilian and its factories were on the outskirts ( the centre was purely cultural ) , so there was no military gain from firebombing the centre ( as the allies did ) . 
  yeah the uk received more money than anyone else did . 
  [ here they are . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshall_plan#expenditures ) the marshall plan was designed to stimulate industry and get europe back on its own feet . 
  it therefore makes perfect sense that britain received significantly more than greece . 
  its nothing to do with how destroyed the nation was because rebuilding houses and non-income related buildings is not helpful in the long-term . 
  gb , fr , and wger , the biggest industrial nations , were the biggest recipients for that reason . 
  britain also lobbied for more and tried to justify this through a special status in the war .
