  for all the negative publicity the eu , especially the council , is exceptionally respectful . 
  its known the council , despite having qmv , will negotiate until consensus is reached ( that alone tells us the member states are very close to one another , despite what we read in the media ) . 
  that must mean a lot of veto threats come up . 
  thatcher probably did run the uk count up . 
  in our defence many british people detested her . 
  she is a massive reason scottish nationalism started up again , culminating in this year 's referendum . 
  i 'm not sure myself . 
  that would make sense though . 
  i recall seeing some plants being shown on the news when stuff was starting to heat up last year . 
  i just recall israel making comments like that , and that being somewhat echoed by romney in the presidential debates . 
  undoing things and reforming things are completely different . 
  the uk seeks reform . 
  for comparison , google many other european leaders , for example mark rutte , angela merkel and martin schulz . 
  all have been clear in saying they seek eu reform . 
  the question is what reform they seek and how they differ to one another . 
  the uk is no different in this . 
  and we do not know what the uk wants to reform yet as it has not been announced . 
  as for vetoes and opt outs . 
  the uk , ireland , poland , denmark and sweden all ave opt outs . 
  and i presume you do not know how often each nation has used vetoes . 
  surely you do n't think the uk is the only nation to ever veto anything . 
  depends what you view as our back yard . 
  the eu , yes undoubtedly . 
  ukraine ? 
  not eu , not nato . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not advocating isolation . 
  just curious at how the different unions and alliances ukraine is not in might impact things . 
  i agree with everything you said . 
  would also add our penchant for european isolation . 
  that said , iraq and afghan , plus the common knowledge that we are nuclear , should 've stopped such thoughts head on . 
  i find the whole thing very strange . 
  off topic , but iran is n't getting nukes . 
  has n't israel already said they 're striking before that happens . 
  not to mention what the usa would do . 
  ca n't see them being keen on the idea . 
  if the left in europe need labour to be victorious , then their policies should reflect more of what labour would like . 
  obviously balanced with their other coalition members . 
  at present it does n't , so labour did n't choose schulz . 
  you do n't vote for the person that does n't represent you . 
  you see how the eu has treaties such as lisbon , that needed passing by all member states . 
  or any piece of integration that could 've been vetoed but was n't . 
  what do you think happens when these pieces of legislation come up ? 
  people underestimate the size of the uk military . 
  i 've had multiple conversations where someone seems to think france and even germany have considerably larger militaries than us . 
  i think it 's all part of the uk anti eu thing . 
  us being smaller means us being less important or useful for the eu . 
   brussels is forced to pay more because it competes against the private sector for quality staff so does the entire public sector . 
  it usually compensates by being better in terms of pension , work regulation and time off . 
  brussels gives a phenomenal pension , regulation and annual leave per year ( often including return trips home ) . 
  there are very few positions across the globe that offer as attractive a package . 
   they 're some of the most intelligent , well educated , and international renowned people in europe . 
  their pay should also reflect the importance of their job . 
  yes , its very important . 
  but the uk pm , french president and german chancellor do more important jobs . 
  a comparison of the competencies of the eu versus the competencies of the member states is an easy way to understand that . 
   they earn a lot because they are highly qualified more qualified than people such as the president of the united states or the german chancellor ? 
  senior eu leaders are often very highly qualified ( ashton is a nice example against that ) , but salary should be based more on the importance of the job . 
  the uk at present disagrees with future european integration . 
  the dutch maintain a not too distant policy that is not pro-integration . 
  your phrasing makes it seem as if the uk 's always been against integration , which is untrue . 
  always more sceptical , yes . 
  always anti-integration , no . 
  what are the contributions of other nations in comparison ( particularly germany and france as comparisons ) ? 
  again accounting for what they get back ( such as german business benefits as seen in their strength in the eurozone or french employment through cap ) . 
  guessing the eu is n't bankrupting either nation . 
   but with respect to ` oversized brussels bureaucracy ' i used ` brussels ' as a by word for all people employed by the eu . 
  its a lazy term , but one that 's used commonly . 
  i include strasbourg and everywhere else the eu has institutions . 
  also think beyond pure employee numbers . 
  they earn a shit load . 
  i recall recent articles about how many bureaucrats in brussels earn more than major world leaders . 
  catherine ashton earns more than twice what david cameron does and more than what angela merkel does . 
  that 's one example , yet i would argue the uk pm and german chancellor are far more important than the high representative as positions . 
  * the uk is one of the largest eu donors * uk and germany agree on many things , e.g. 
  some frustration with ` welfare tourism ' , the direction of business regulation in the eu and the disagreement with an oversized bureaucracy in brussels . 
  * a uk that wants to be a strong eu player is much better for the eu than the current situation . 
  its also considerably better than the uk quitting . 
  if recent europe only military operations ( bosnia , libya ) are anything to go by , you 'll be in it whether you like it or not :(, 
  yeah penalty for russia , probably not a lot . 
  big countries play by different rules . 
  what difference does going to war with an integrated eu make vs. going to war with all nato ( which also includes the usa ) ? 
   until they were conquered , typically the member states of the eu are not going to get conquered though . 
  a federal eu is n't , and has never been , a pre-requisite to national security . 
  on that level nato has it covered . 
  we have a pretty well unified defence as it is through nato . 
  the issue is european militaries , at the behest of member states , are reducing their budgets drastically . 
  the eu would n't solve that anymore than it and nato currently are through interoperability programmes . 
   a lowest common denominator basic income i agree with this but its not forthcoming for decades . 
  the economic inequality within the eu ( not the eu 's fault whatsoever ) renders it either impossible or useless . 
  a west eu level salary would bankrupt businesses across the east and an east level salary would drive wages down dramatically in the west , obviously with horrid consequences . 
   and especially as an outlet thats accused of being pro west the bbc is pro british in foreign affairs . 
  by implication that means its pro west . 
  bring outside the uk makes this a little clearer as you receive the bbc.com version rather than bbc.co.uk . 
  same stories , but they focus less on domestic british issues . 
  care to explain ? 
  i 'm guessing the logic is the eu needs to be one big federal country or else ? 
  yet tiny countries or principalities have always thrived . 
  its also highly possible to survive as a closely knit , but not federal , union . 
  as i have said time and again , it should n't be the case of federal or nothing . 
   whether the europe of 2007 and 2014 are two different places are n't they ?
