  certainly not the big differences in voting results that we have seen between the three major parties and ukip . 
  and certainly nowhere near as dramatic as you seem to think it is . 
  if ukip are n't more popular , that 's because people are n't identifying with them . 
  not because they are being conspired against by non-british people . 
  or the media . 
  or anybody else . 
   so what you 're looking at is a reflection of some portion of the national view ( all 36 % of it ) with errors introduced by foreign voters . 
  36 % of voters , including british and non-british people . 
  the vast majority of that 36 % are of course british though . 
  and the solution to all this is strikingly obvious . 
  more people need to vote . 
  36 % is a shameful turnout . 
  whichever party comes out on top , just under 2/3 of electors have no reason to complain because just under 2/3 of electors could n't be arsed to vote . 
   they have altered the proportion of the vote gained by ukip and it 's therefore not representative of the wishes of the native population ah right . 
  so voting ukip is the option that is in the best interests of the uk ? 
  that 's a massively subjective thing you 're arguing . 
  as of 12:45 , local election results put labour on 2101 , conservatives ons on 1359 , liberal democrats on 427 and ukip on 163 . 
  ukip also have control of zero councils , unlike any of the other three parties mentioned . 
  clearly the national population disagree with your sweeping statement . 
   `` are n't tied to the local area and have no inherent interest in its longterm wellbeing '' by that definition neither are brits that move around the country . 
  i do n't live in the place where i was born . 
  in fact there are non-brits that have lived in my area longer than me . 
   foreign voters will already be capable of shifting the vote in their own interest . 
  and you make the ridiculous assumption that foreign voters all vote the same way . 
  as you say , `` in their own interest '' . 
  not to mention that `` their own interest '' is to you markedly different from the interest of uk passport holders , as they are `` shifting the vote '' as a result of their clustering . 
  how much of a difference do you think foreign voters make ? 
  in december 2011 there was just over 46 million parliamentary electors and just over 47 million local and eu electors . 
  there is a grand total of just over 7 million foreign born residents in the uk and less than half have the right to vote . 
  so 46 million total ( we 'll use the lesser figure to give your argument an advantage ) . 
  around 3.5 million non-native . 
  that means 42.5 million native voters versus 3.5 non-native . 
  given that 3.5 million is spread across all constituencies and does not give a 100 % voter turnout , their effect is negligible at best . 
  and that 's if we assume your ludicrous idea that only natives vote in britain 's interest . 
  edit : to avoid confusing you , i should add that the 3.5 million non-native is the amount of non-british voters . 
  that 's eu plus commonwealth . 
  and a high ball commonwealth estimate at that . 
  the actual figure is likely lower . 
   seems a pretty good analogy no it does n't . 
  renters behave accordingly in a property ( i.e. 
  the terms of the contract ) . 
  they do not work towards the active upkeep of it , such as paying to decorate , paying for new windows , or paying for a new drive way . 
  immigrants and natives both behave accordingly in society ( i.e. 
  by the law ) . 
  however , immigrants also pay for the upkeep in a country through taxes . 
  their taxes are identical to that of the natives . 
  they pay for roads , education , healthcare , defence , everything . 
  would you therefore propose that immigrants are offered a different social contract to natives . 
  one where they do n't have to pay for the major upkeep in the country they are not a citizen of ( i.e. 
  they do n't pay taxes ) , and as a result they do n't get to vote ? 
   renting a room to a lodger does n't give them the right to have sex with your wife . 
  really ? 
  that 's your comparison ? 
   there 's no reason that opportunism should give them the same rights as the native population . 
  out of sheer curiosity , what is a `` native '' ( assume we 're talking about the uk ) ? 
  what if i was born in the uk to two foreign parents ? 
  or what if i was born abroad to two british parents ? 
  or born abroad to one british parent and one foreign one ? 
   i do n't think foreign citizens should be allowed a vote in local or national elections . 
  it 's path to balkanisation of a country when governance is determined by foreign citizens . 
  no its not . 
  if those citizens , whatever their origin , live in a community , work there , pay taxes there etc. , then they deserve a vote . 
   allowing eu migrants to vote in local government elections without citizenship smacks heavily of vote importing tactics . 
  no it does n't , because this is n't the 19th century . 
  it smacks of people wanting to vote in the place where they live . 
  where in the eu or in any real democracy has there been a case or even allegation of bus loads of foreign citizens coming in to vote ? 
  not to mention that this is the uk , an island with border controls . 
   because global warming and nature damage is n't at a sufficient level to start showing in europe proper the eu is the most environmentally progressive group of nations on the planet . 
  yet still nothing about making russia or other countries adopt better regulations , simply because we ca n't . 
   `` just let our international environmental observers visit once in a while . 
  if you repeatdly abuse and blatantly try to fuck us over we stop buying your gaz and buy qatar 's at higher cost , just because we can . '', 
  which is exactly my first point . 
  we wo n't do any of this because it means paying a much higher price . 
  people do n't want to do that , otherwise it would have happened . 
   i can easily see the gov say `` we pay a bit more and pressure the russians to use said more money for regulations '' as a selling point to steal more `` green but realists '' votes . 
  if its possible that western governments could actually achieve such things then it further shows our hypocrisy . 
  why are n't we already doing that ? 
  my guess is we ca n't do what you propose . 
  we could offer to pay more in exchange for better environmental regulations in russia , but there 's no enforcement mechanism . 
  what if the money was n't used for environmental regulations ? 
  we 're unable to do anything . 
  ca n't stop buying their gas . 
  its relatively straightforward unfortunately . 
  if russia , for example , had to improve the environmental regulations surrounding its ng extraction , that would be passed onto the consumer ( europe ) . 
  better infrastructure , workers rights , safety , health programmes , whatever . 
  all costs passed onto the consumer . 
   there are bad practices but i 'm not sure it 's dying . 
  btw the worst part is that exploiting those ressources is actually necessary to actually run the first world , build and fuel all that shiny technology . 
  that 's the hypocrisy in all this . 
  we complain about the price of oil and gas whilst also complaining at the lack of environmental regulation . 
  if they had environmental regulation we would pay a higher price , but it would still be their fault in our eyes . 
   i doubt the participation will be much higher in other countries . 
  indications from the uk also indicate low-to-mid 30s . 
  its an important point both national and european parliaments should address . 
  do people think the ep is unimportant ? 
  is it a protest non-vote ? 
  i 'd personally find it funny if putin made a similar comment about prince charles . 
  though the uk media would sensationalise the nation 's outrage and disgust , basically like the `` little island '' comment putin made . 
  closely linked to your question though , the argentine president went through a phase of calling us imperialists at pretty much every opportunity . 
  those sort of comments are pretty much par for the course for anyone that dislikes britain .
