  thank you for the information . 
  seems that cunning bastard is n't headed to jail anytime soon . 
  lets just hope he is n't headed to government either . 
  any chance the next italian government can create a law stating convicted criminals can not run for office until they 've served their time or their conviction has been overturned ? 
  just a thought ... 
  these two are not linked . 
  we are all for gender equality , we are all for achieving full economic potential . 
  i ca n't see the correlation between the two . 
   solomont has stated that this levy would be detrimental for these us companies in catalonia . 
  paying taxes is detrimental to the person that has to pay them . 
  well done mr ambassador . 
  what the fuck else would it be ? 
  i had haribo . 
  i 'm poor . 
  bull shit headline from rt there . 
  they contradict it in their own article . 
   as yet there is no information about whether the deposits cross into russian territory . 
  so the reserves are in norway 's area . 
   they finally decided to split the area equally . 
  the agreement was signed in september 2010 at a meeting of the countries ' leaders of the time , the russian president dmitry medvedev and the norwegian prime minister jens stoltenberg . 
  and its been made official . 
  i hate ukip , but you make me want them around . 
  i like these propositions you make . 
  but i hate them . 
  i do n't know who i am anymore :(, 
  we better not go to war with each other because of global warming . 
  bombing one another does n't make the environment better . 
  grillo is n't completely new to politics . 
  he founded m5s in 2009 . 
  given this , once he was aware he might actually do well in the elections , its grossly irresponsible of him to not organise so much as a meeting amongst his party 's followers/members/candidates . 
  yes i know he 's doing this to protest against the status quo , but to only meet one another now is wrong . 
  the lack of organisation makes life that little bit harder in the italian political arena . 
  and this is n't a time to make things even harder than they already are . 
  this one is n't berlusconi , bersani , austerity or the eu . 
  this bit is beppe grillo 's to answer for . 
   friedrich : the commission has to learn to pay closer attention to the viewpoints and sensitivities of the people in eu member states . 
  the basic attitude of `` oh , we 'll just turn a blind eye ; the main thing is that the eu continues to grow , '' is no longer acceptable for those who have to answer to the citizenry . 
  to me this is the most important part of this article going forward . 
  it represents a somewhat more skeptical germany than that of previous eras . 
  luckily china is leading the way with [ big ass keyboards . 
  ] ( http://static7.businessinsider.com/image/4e72324f6bb3f7ff77000001/chinese-keyboard.jpg ) 12 symbols per button . 
  big buttons too , so just mash it with the palm of your hand . 
  if only . 
  too many high ranking officials that would lose their jobs , so do n't want to . 
  i do n't know the imf 's internal ongoings , but i think strauss-kahn might have something to do with that . 
  he was to pro-austerity one , so i guess the imf could easily throw it all on him ( i do n't think they have though , so maybe they 're just good honest people ) . 
  this is the most important question in the eu !, 
  i 'm with you 100 % on this . 
  the eu is n't clear on its goals . 
  if its meant to be a political/financial thing then whoever let the greeks in fucked up big time ( the french and prodi 's friends let the italians in after germany opposed it ) . 
  if its meant to be a geographical/romantic thing ( we are all one , no wars etc. ), 
  then brilliant , let everyone in , but do n't fuck around making the euro so easy to get in given the consequences for all . 
  whichever it is , massive mistakes have been made and now we all pay the price . 
  that includes the greek people more than anyone . 
  everyone knows they have shit government . 
  if they were not in the euro they would n't be in anywhere near as much debt because they would n't have had the low interest and sweet credit ratings to plunge themselves into misery . 
  and for the record i 'm strongly pro-eu . 
  i just think some important people in recent history have fucked this up gigantically . 
  imf circa 2008 : austerity is needed , it will save europe . 
  imf circa 2012 : austerity is evil , its killing europe . 
  thanks a lot guys !!, 
  i 'm against the bank bonus policy because it will motivate people to relocate away from the continent . 
  this is a great development in mitigating my worries at least . 
  thank you switzerland . 
  if only ny and hk would follow ... 
  no , they are a rubbish newspaper because they are known for printing rubbish . 
  sensationalist , often without fact , often unjustifiably inflammatory . 
  allow me to demonstrate : here is an article entitled ` just one cannabis joint can cause psychiatric episodes similar to schizophrenia ' as well as damaging memory ' [ link . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-2053486/cannabis-joint-cause-psychiatric-episodes-similar-schizophrenia-damaging-memory.html ) this was the original title so you know : `` just one cannabis joint ` can bring on schizophrenia ' as well as damaging memory . '', 
  its only a subtle change , but it makes a big difference . 
   the scientists studied rats who had been given the active ingredient of cannabis - in a similar dose to a person smoking a joint . 
  humans are not rats . 
  that 's an initial problem , but we continue . 
  the study itself actually states the following :  ... rats that were given a drug that mimics the psychoactive ingredient of marijuana ... so , not the `` active ingredients of marijuana '' as the mail reports . 
  the drug mimics it , but its still incorrect reporting . 
  this chemical is called cp55940 , its not naturally occurring , and its 45x stronger than thc . 
  that already causes a big difference . 
  moving on : the upper level dose in the study was 0.30 mg/kg . 
  a dude weighing 10 stones/63 kg would get 18.9 mgs of cp55940 . 
  given the compound is 45x stronger than thc , this equates to 850mg of thc , or 85 joints at once ( at 10mg per joint ) . 
  so the mail reports that one joint causes the same effects as simultaneously smoking 85 . 
  this particular story won an award , set up by an oxford university professor , for journalistic misrepresentation . 
  the previous winner had 16 faults , the dm took this one with 23 . 
  23 misrepresentations in one article . 
  and its an article based on a fucking study . 
  the facts are clearly presented throughout , yes they still got it wrong . 
  [ link . 
  ] ( http://deevybee.blogspot.nl/2012/01/2011-orwellian-prize-for-journalistic.html ), 
  it sucks but its true :( the daily mail are having a field day with this . 
  they are a rubbish newspaper , but they are unfortunately very popular . 
  edit : i should clarify . 
  they misrepresent stories , and people believe them because they invest their trust in this newspaper . 
  in printing things that are wrong , they incorrectly inform millions of people , who then hold inflammatory opinions based on poor articles . 
  i wholeheartedly agree with you . 
  the problem is its not that simple . 
  the success of a currency union requires labour mobility and fiscal federalism . 
  these are core parts of an optimal currency area . 
  the problem is easily demonstrated by comparing the eu to the usa in this aspect : its easier for a texan to move to massachusetts than it is for a portuguese to move to germany . 
  why ? 
  cultural and linguistic differences mostly .
