  from the post i initially responded to . 
  if the underground economy is added onto gdp , then the eu 's funding will be affected positively by it . 
  this is a suggestion from the eu as well . 
   gdp does n't fund the european union . 
  taxes do . 
  those illegal activities are n't taxed , they would only be included in gdp calculations . 
  if they latched onto it , they would be immediately shot down . 
  the post i responded to argued eu funding was based on gdp . 
  hence my arguments against including the underground economy in gdp . 
   as i said , it is n't included in the calculations because of moral reasons , not legal ones . 
  the reason they can not be included is because the value can not be accurately calculated . 
  this is because they are not legal . 
  moral or immoral , unless something is legal it is going to be impossible to find a truly accurate calculation of its value . 
   gdp is just market value of goods and services . 
  yes , market value of goods and services that are legal and taxable . 
  the shadow economy is made up of things that are illegal , the proceeds of which often go towards funding some of the worst things humanity has to offer , such as terrorism and continued sex trafficking . 
  increasing the eu 's funding by way of including the black market in a nation 's gdp is an awful idea . 
  it would ( aside from the obvious moral bankruptcy ) be fuel to the fire of sceptics , who could then correctly argue that , `` the illegal drug trade funds terrorist organisations , crime and the european union '' . 
  the eu should absolutely not be trying to fund itself by including the shadow economy . 
  for example , there will never be an eu programme that they say is `` funded by revenue generated from the west european illegal sex industry '' for very obvious reasons . 
   it is n't calculated in gdp because of its moral implications . 
  it is n't calculated in gdp because it is illegal . 
  it being illegal has forced it underground . 
  that creates a second problem ( and one that is still dwarfed by the illegality of it ) , we can only ever estimate the cost of the shadow economy . 
   on the other hand , it is time for europe to stop stooping down to inferior countries like the us , poland , etc. 
  the last time i checked poland was firmly in europe . 
   a crappy human rights record like the us or , conversely , mother russia . 
  i 'd argue that cuba , venezuela , and brazil would be better allies for europe than the us , russia , or china . 
  yes because human rights in [ cuba , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_cuba ) [ venezuela ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_venezuela ) , and to a lesser extent [ brazil ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_brazil ) are a shining example to the rest of the world of how we should behave and treat others . 
  cuba , venezuela and brazil are also known , much like the usa , for their military power . 
   include the underground economy so their gdp figures would be higher i missed that article and can not read the danish one , however it seems utterly moronic . 
  how did they manage to justify and explain the idea ? 
  in places where prostitution is illegal , there is no tax on it . 
  that makes it very difficult to account for when the member state is contributing a certain % to the eu . 
  not to mention the obvious ethical and moral issues . 
  the uk underground economy is estimated at [ # 150bn , which is around 10 % of our national income in 2012 . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2013/jun/04/uk-shadow-economy ), 
  sure , but if the goal is to make europe more independent from the usa there 's a good way and a bad way to do it . 
  * the good way would be strengthening europe and regularly reaffirming the euro/us alliance . 
  europe can then stand alone/alongside the usa . 
  * the bad way would be offering asylum to a man that is ` wanted ' in the usa . 
  this does n't strengthen europe in any formal way , it just antagonises the nation europe is currently reliant on . 
  given europe is clearly unable to stand by itself at the moment ( otherwise we would n't have half our continent calling for us military posting in their countries ) , then taking the bad option is an even worse idea . 
  do n't bite the hand that feeds you . 
  california is the world 's 8th largest economy ( 2012 data ) . 
  by nominal gdp , california 's economy is bigger than , for example , italy , russia , spain and india . 
  [ comparison . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparison_between_u.s._states_and_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( nominal \\ ) #comparison ) it is very close behind france . 
  in terms of us states ( again nominal gdp ) , california is of course number one . 
  texas in second , new york in third . 
   it will strengthen europe 's independence from the u.s. how ? 
  whichever country did this would presumably find themselves the victim of increased spying etc. , as well as a somewhat resentful relationship with the usa . 
  more distant sure , but not in a good way . 
   may also leave little room for negotiations on what the s&p wants out of him to secure the vote . 
  that 's a certainty . 
  whilst all non-sceptic parties will likely support juncker , there 's not a chance that they miss this opportunity . 
   yes , and in the end , it was an important part of the war effort , but still dwarfed by their own war production . 
  meaning both sides were phenomenally important to the war effort . 
  the soviets certainly contributed more and undoubtedly lost a lot more . 
  without the help of the west , the soviets may well have been defeated . 
   they did n't have a duty to liberate them at all . 
  i 'm saying that it 's a betrayal that they barely fought at all . 
  then what did they have ? 
  a duty to fight , even if that likely means defeat ? 
  that does n't hold in a world war . 
   they should have kept up a naval war/blockade of germany , certainly no one is expecting them to get all the way to warsaw as the situation stood in 1939 . 
   it 's really more the principle of the matter . 
  what you seem to identify here is that it was not possible for britain and france to liberate poland in 1939 . 
  any attempt to do so would therefore have been exceptionally costly and dramatically changed the outcome of the war ( and not in a good way for the allies , or indeed poland ) . 
  i appreciate the idea of principle , but in a context such as a world war , it really does not apply . 
  losing but doing `` the right thing '' is not a consideration or a bonus . 
  the allies were unready for war in 1939 , hence the lack of action . 
   it 's insulting that they did n't try to fight when they had a good opportunity and knew they would have to anyway at some point . 
  i completely disagree . 
  the idea that they should just fight now because `` they would have to at some point '' is very short sighted . 
  again , fighting and losing because its unfair to poland is entirely wrong . 
  anything that does n't involve winning was the wrong move . 
  we do n't know how bad immediate fighting would have been , but we know the allies would n't have liberated poland or reached berlin . 
  so not fighting was , unfortunately for poland , the right decision . 
  invited ? 
  sweden is hosting !, 
  everyone wants to go to sweden 's house ( or lake ) . 
   the european parliament will never accept a new president who has n't been top candidate in the elections . 
  if enough pressure is applied , juncker may pull out of the race altogether . 
  that circumvents the parliament 's ability to reject everyone but the top candidate . 
  as the second placed candidate ( and so on ) does n't have the same legitimacy , it also nullifies the parliament 's opportunities there . 
   cameron should forget about that and focus on other negotiations like the one about new council president . 
  the commission president is a much more important role , hence why the parliament wanted to legitimise its own candidate for that position . 
  and hence why that position is the one being targeted by member state leaders , whether in support or against juncker . 
  in the case of engineering courses , the policy should not be to let more students in , but to let them in and work towards keeping them in britain after they graduate . 
   he just makes it for the show by orders . 
  losing this is not good for him . 
  domestically he 's under a lot of pressure to achieve reform in the eu . 
  verhofstadt is correct that cameron 's invested a lot in opposing juncker . 
  it would n't look at all for his prospects to reform britain 's position in the eu if juncker ends up being commission president . 
  not with ukip growing and not with a general election 11 months away . 
  i agree with / u/reilly616 that cameron would probably back thorning-schmidt . 
  denmark is usefully eurosceptic , which is beneficial to the uk for achieving eu reforms / renegotiation . 
  thorning-schmidt is a woman , which means cameron can play the female opportunities card . 
  he 's also being criticised domestically for having few women in the cabinet , so this alleviates a marginal amount of that .
