  le pen acknowledges that germany has benefitted extraordinarily from the euro . 
  if that money is not being passed on to germans , then its the fault of german domestic politics . 
  the blame would likely be placed on agenda 2010 for cutting into social security . 
  that 's a german policy , not a european one . 
   however post nationalism will result in a disconnect to the working class the way it has done in the uk ( and france ) ... the middle class see the benefits by seeing intelligent middle class nationalities ( look how fun and multicultural my office is ! ), 
  whilst the lower classes get the pikey fuckers this is not a failure of democracy though . 
   you should re-read what she said then where does she discuss what i said ? 
  about pro-western parties in ukraine prior to maidan for example ? 
  she objected to the journalist saying russia was not democratic because it has elections . 
  do you agree with that ? 
  syria had an election yesterday . 
  by the standards she just outlined , that too is democratic . 
  she says russia 's treatment of the press is demonised , but also says that the lack of freedom of the press in russia ( which contradicts the statement i previously mentioned ) is mirrored in france where the journalists are `` leftists '' . 
   the only directly elected people 's representatives are the ones with the least say . 
  that is a decision taken by the european council , i.e. 
  the presidents and prime ministers of member states . 
  the commission has made attempts to further democratise the eu , but these are often blocked by the council because it takes powers away from the council . 
  a few things can be picked out though :  the average german does n't even benefit from it that 's questionable . 
  if germany is profiting from the euro , its hard to believe that does n't end up somehow in the hands of germans . 
  through education or healthcare for example . 
   not letting major things like a utility company get snapped up by the germans one of the biggest energy companies in the uk is edf energy , which is owned by edf-sa , a state owned french company . 
  so france is currently practicing what le pen scorns the germans for . 
  something tells me le pen would be very much against the british government nationalising edf . 
  it would definitely be an interesting test of her principles . 
   they no longer believe in france -- they have a post-national worldview . 
  i call them france-skeptics . 
  that 's why democracy is collapsing here in france . 
  i do n't see a correlation between post-nationalism and collapsing democracy . 
  democracy is a core belief of the modern nation-state or the post-national european union . 
   the eu poured fuel on the fire by proposing an economic partnership to a country known to look half to the east and half to the west . 
  ukraine prior to the eu proposals was decisively eastern facing and massively corrupt . 
  so first of all , le pen is ignoring the western facing half that she happily acknowledges the existence of . 
  a federalist ukraine would not even be proposed had it not been for the past few months . 
  none of the people that make references like european soviet union or eussr have even the faintest idea . 
  nor do they care because its all a propaganda piece . 
   there is hardly a majority against it . 
  you 're right there . 
  however , it remains the most eurosceptic that the eu population has ever been . 
  frame it however you 'd like , but the fact remains that last weeks election produced the most sceptic parliament in eu history . 
   they like feeling important , and we no longer care . 
  or , the usa knows europe is a massive trading partner and ally , and hence seeks to protect that . 
  not to mention how an unstable europe has time and again fucked the entire world over . 
  in the week of the d-day anniversary that 's perhaps easier to see than usual . 
  the value of defence exports are very open to interpretation and alter massively year on year . 
  one major deal completely alters the picture . 
  it also depends what you count as `` weapons '' or `` defence '' , e.g. 
  tanks , planes , bullets , bombs , armour , military clothing radar etc. ? 
  the current sipri list is [ here , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arms_industry#world.27s_largest_arms_exporters ) and places germany 5th . 
  the uk however , despite being placed 7th , actually has a greater value assigned to its exports than both germany ( 5th ) and italy ( 6th ) . 
  as is clear , its very much a subjective thing . 
  what are you saying ? 
  i want to respond but do n't quite understand your argument . 
   36 % of election vote = election won election won , not a majority though . 
  juncker will have to compromise . 
   case closed , candidate chosen . 
  probably , but not certainly . 
  the method by which juncker was selected is not formal or in law . 
  i agree he should probably be the candidate , but council opposition to him is not breaking any terms of any treaty . 
   bye , bye uk . 
  why ? 
  i thought spying like this was bad , at least according to germany ? 
  ca n't join them , beat them ? 
   the federalists won the election overall , no ? 
  the vote was not sceptics vs. federalists . 
  the largest share of the vote was won by the epp , which was 36 % . 
  that 's why juncker is being proposed . 
  edit : this does n't give the epp candidate a full mandate because it is not a majority ( not even close ) . 
  juncker will have to compromise once president in order to satisfy enough of the parliament to give himself a majority . 
  the other ep groups are already indicating exactly this . 
   it sets out a clear pathway to a federal europe how ? 
  this is the week after the most eurosceptic election in ep history . 
  however , your argument is that juncker should be appointed then we should establish a clear pathway to a federal europe . 
  that seems to ignore what happened in the election in its absolute entirety . 
   eu politics on this level is usually decided with a consensus this is very true . 
  the council has qmv in some areas , but is known to ignore this in favour of always reaching consensus . 
  whether this continues to happen is another matter , but there is certainly precedent . 
   this may be perception , but why do british politicians always seem so bad at intra-european diplomacy ? 
  this is the impression i get as well . 
  regardless of britain 's position on anything , it seems phenomenally bad at voicing that opinion or in actually working within the eu . 
  it does n't make sense because this is n't something britain is generally bad at , just seemingly not good at doing it within the eu . 
   it was a worldwide financial collapse , gordon brown actually dealt with it quite well which is one of the few things labour did well imo . 
  labour and 2007 is one reason . 
  iraq and afghanistan are two bigger ones . 
   it 's not `` a lot of the eu '' whatever that means how much of the eu do you think really wants a federation right now ? 
  if it was a sizeable amount then we 'd be seeing a hell of a lot more of it being mentioned . 
  right now leaders tip-toe around the issue . 
   the quotation you gave on the netherlands was by a politician that is not in power and is pro-federalist frans timmermans is the current dutch minister of foreign affairs . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.government.nl/government/members-of-cabinet/frans-timmermans ) and yes , i 'm aware of his views . 
  these have had to change , hence why the view i linked to was announced on the official dutch government web site . 
  that 's not the view of a single individual , its representative of the incumbent dutch government . 
   the article makes no mention of hungary , sweden or the netherlands . 
  my apologies , it does n't . 
  [ others however , do . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jun/01/cameron-juncker-politicise-european-commission-eu )  as for the scandinavians , they just want the rest of europe to catch up before becoming a federation . 
  where has that been mentioned ? 
   so finally , the uk is infamous for keeping the eu from advancing purely on its own the deal you link to was renegotiated and passed . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-16104089 ) that 's how the eu works . 
  stuff is renegotiated a lot , because its hard to satisfy all 28 member states .
