  sorry to disappoint you :(, 
  the next step should be finding whoever came up with this shitty idea in the first place and removing them from their position . 
  rumours range from angela merkel to nicos anastasiades and everyone in between . 
   corrupt banking system which is now on the verge of collapsing that would ruin cyprus , it would make zero difference to the long-term banking industry . 
  government 's let the private sector do this . 
  cyprus is nothing special . 
  banks have broken the laws for many things , but tax avoidance is not one of them . 
  in fact , this is probably the most legal thing they do . 
  they spend a lot of money to make sure it is legal , in order to save a lot more money . 
  no matter what happens in cyprus , this will not change . 
  if cyprus remains an attractive tax haven , money will stay there . 
  if it does n't money will move to other tax havens ( with cypriots feeling the full consequences in many ways ) . 
  most of the highest gdp per capita nations in the world are tax havens , and those lists do n't include places like cayman and bvi ( which are notoriously wealthy ) . 
  in which case what about the intermittent period . 
  for instance : * tuesday : levy bill is rejected * wednesday : alternative accepted in this scenario , i presume the bank will not enter bankruptcy overnight , but will wait until all alternatives have been exhausted ( which could take time ) ? 
  presumably the parliamentary session will cover firstly the rejection ( if its rejected ) , then the discussion and possible adoption of an alternative ? 
  so at the close of parliament we will have a definitive answer on what the next step will be ? 
  the reports . 
  this ever present problem only went global because of the ongoing new delhi rape case . 
  i doubt that that story has inspired a significant increase in men harassing , raping and gang raping women . 
  ] ( http://demonocracy.info/images/euro_1_million_large.jpg ), 
  what 's the rationale behind madrid 's decision not to play ball over a referendum ? 
  in the uk we 've had debates over scotland 's future and overall people ca n't agree whether its financially beneficial or not ( there 's more to it than this , but this is where the majority of arguments are stemming from ) . 
  energy forms the core of their wealth , it is by no means the entirety of it . 
  to give you two examples , oleg deripaska heads up rusal ( aluminium ) whilst alisher usmanov is ceo of matelloinvest , one of the world 's largest industrial conglomerates . 
  mettaloinvest manages gazprom 's metals department . 
  this sort of stand off is bad for everyone to the extent that nobody wants it to happen . 
  oh right , my apologies i misunderstood . 
  yeah i think they 'll be pissed regardless and their money will be leaving cyprus in the near future . 
  10 % or 15 % makes no difference . 
  all my original post meant was that making the oligarchs leave will cost the cypriot population for many years to come . 
  tax havens are a false economy in that sense . 
  ( thank you . 
  i wish people would explain why , debate is the reason we are here . ), 
  i appreciate your point re piracy vs. stealing . 
  that 's a typo on my part . 
   the fact that the vast majority of downloads are not hurting sales in any way this is wrong . 
  downloads , they think , are n't hurting ** digital ** sales . 
  the conclusion the report reaches here is unfortunately stupidly weak . 
  we do n't know if they are hurting overall sales . 
  we know music revenue has fallen massively since the onset of piracy . 
  we do n't know if that is a result of piracy , of piracy and some other stuff , or stuff entirely different to piracy . 
  we also do n't know the long-term viability of services like spotify . 
  its a fantastic idea , but as yet a grossly unprofitable one . 
  net losses of $ 37m in 2010 and $ 59m in 2011 . 
  2012 is forthcoming . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://mashable.com/2012/10/05/spotify-revenues/ ) it wo n't disappear anytime soon ( or rather , this business type wo n't ) . 
  deezer scored $ 100m from time warner so the music business obviously wants to make it work to counter whatever is going drastically wrong . 
  whether music companies like it or not their margins are going to come down a lot thanks to downloads ( legal and illegal ) . 
  all that remains to be seen is whether torrents are legalised . 
  the more margins fall for music companies as digital music gets cheaper , imo the less likely torrents are to be legalised . 
  if music gets dirt cheap then there 's going to be little weight to pro-torrent arguments other than `` i do n't like paying '' . 
  in my honest opinion yes without a doubt . 
  obviously their wealth is massively diversified across the globe so its not 10/15 % total wealth , but these are n't the type of guys that happily lose money . 
  remember we are discussing the russians that got rich in the aftermath of the soviet union . 
  nowadays they have happy personalities of being men with expensive yachts and football clubs , but these are the crudest of businessmen . 
  the post earlier today of live updates from cyprus said a stream of russian private jets were arriving at larnaca . 
  make of that what you will . 
  short-term losses for long-term gains . 
  if the rich people leave cyprus then cypriots will be paying much higher taxes forever more , not just as a one off . 
  its a shit situation but this is tax havens for you . 
  cyprus sold itself to oligarchs by being one , and now those same oligarchs have it by the balls . 
  this is the reason why sales are not hurt according to p. 16 :  all of these results suggest that the vast majority of the music that is consumed illegally by the individuals in our sample would not have been legally purchased if illegal downloading web sites were not available . 
  that does n't constitute a pro-piracy argument . 
  that just means people steal things that they were not going to buy anyway . 
  page 17 says the following :  although there is trespassing of private property rights ( copyrights ) , there is unlikely to be much harm done on digital music revenues . 
  this is only digital music revenues , not total sales revenues including cds ( `` the lion 's share '' of music revenue according to p. 17 ) . 
  however ,  if piracy leads to substantial sales displacement of music in the physical format [ cds ] , then its affect on the overall music industry revenues may well still be negative . 
  the first sentence of the conclusion concedes total revenue has decreased dramatically , but it does n't know why . 
  if history has taught us anything austria , you 'll be with us in the north !, 
  1 ) the guy on the left is definitely wearing a fake moustache . 
  2 ) that is a cardboard cut out of francois hollande . 
  and what is with the shape of his head ( either side of his chin ) ? 
  otherwise this is great news !, 
  germany and the uk have enough gas to pipe to all of europe for an extended period of time ? 
  and the infrastructure to immediately start doing this ? 
   they ca n't just `` put the price up '' true , but these contracts do n't last forever . 
  i doubt they would accidentally forget this happened . 
   russia needs europe 's money far far far more than europe needs russia 's gas . 
  how long do you think europe can go without gas ? 
  that 's a terrible idea . 
  my thinking is that its successful for the moment , i.e. 
  in getting people 's attention . 
  but thereafter it will fail . 
  she 's not going to ask him to kick britain out of the falklands . 
  if he said that it would be catastrophic for the church and his papacy . 
  i do n't even expect a real response from the vatican . 
  just something like `` talk but do n't war . 
  seek a peaceful solution '' . 
  and that means nothing . 
  she ca n't ask him to mediate either because he 's a biased middleman . 
  being argentinian does n't help his objectivity . 
  beyond that argentina is catholic whereas britain ( officially ) is protestant . 
  and all that 's overlooking the fact that the pope has no place in this , what with the un ( though she knows the un is against her ) . 
  then again who am i to use rationality to determine her next move . 
  i would n't be surprised if she turns up in london and sits on a rock in the thames claiming its argentina 's now . 
   bofinger : why not ? 
  presumably russia responds by increasing oil and gas prices for europeans ? 
  bofinger is advocating discrimination here .
