  that 's relative to scale , which makes it fair . 
  and with that you get the defensive power of the entire alliance behind you . 
  of course many nations are n't meeting those standards , and as a result european armed forces get weaker and weaker . 
  perhaps not a direct threat , but certainly their largest . 
  one that makes cuts seem [ strange . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-09-20/russian-war-games-on-baltic-border-spark-security-fears.html ), 
  a ) so are the rest of europe . 
  those who are under a direct threat , one would assume , would make fewer cuts to defence . 
  b ) their tiny military probably can not make that much of a difference . 
  but free-riding on the us/uk/fr is not a viable solution , as any discussion of nato 's future ( and within it the wider future of european military ) will tell you . 
  c ) completely agree , unless a nation has a serious threat to possibly deal with . 
   it 's all perceptions . 
  you 're right , but the perception at the moment ( at least when it comes to giving your life in a war ) is that member state is first , eu is second . 
  that 's why france ended up fighting alone in mali , why germany sided with china and russia ( as oppose to its eu allies britain and france ) regarding libya . 
  if we get to a stage where an estonian is happy to fight a war that originated in the nation-state era , then great . 
  but that 's not now , or anytime soon . 
   even now it would be unfathomable for britain to use force against another eu member state to promote its interests in gibraltar britain would only act defensively in gibraltar , there 's no comprehensible reason for it to act otherwise . 
   if it is difficult to persuade the citizens of another eu country that your cause is just , then perhaps that 's a good indication that force should not be used to pursue it , in which case it would probably be a good idea to not dispatch those eu troops . 
  this example already plays out . 
  nations did n't want to accompany france in mali ( they provided shipments , but that 's wholly different ) . 
  libya is a striking example . 
  germany did n't want to do it and refused to allow nations to use its equipment . 
  germany was accused of marginalising itself in europe because it sided with china and russia rather than britain and france . 
   why kill your primary customer ? 
  i 'm completely lost as to who your primary customer is in this scenario , or what you 're wanting to achieve by it . 
  an eu armed forces is not happening principally because the member states do n't want it . 
  read into that if you want that the larger and more powerful states do n't want it . 
  if the rest do but its the uk , france and germany holding them up , then the rest can sign bilateral defence treaties . 
  britain and france have at lancaster house in 2010 , who do n't the rest ? 
   perhaps the preferred tradeoff will change sooner or later . 
  yes perhaps . 
  but this will only happen if the member states themselves decide to increase their own military spending . 
  whilst that 's not happening , i have no sympathy with the worries their government 's have about not being powerful enough . 
  but do n't forget that the government 's of the cee member states often want the us around . 
  american protection is so much greater than european protection simply because the usa spends such an incredible amount on its military . 
   the soldiers would n't be british or romanian . 
  they would be eu soldiers ... i do n't see this happening in the eu during our lifetimes . 
  this is the point i 've been trying to make . 
  if the eu  member state scenario can be achieved , then an eu army makes perfect sense . 
  its a hell of a lot cheaper , theoretically carries a greater power projection ( assuming the eu 's foreign policy is more in line with the current british/french one than a more passive state ) , and is much greater in size than any of its member states individually ( again assuming a british/french line of thought ) . 
  but its a completely ludicrous thing at the moment , for the reasons i 've given . 
  so long as member state  eu , that remains true . 
  what should happen in the meantime is nations closely aligned unify their militaries , yet that 's not happening either , which is even more telling with regards to the hopes of an eu army . 
  scandinavian armed forces , baltic armed forces , benelux perhaps . 
   the debate of the distribution of military costs is a nato-internal matter anyway . 
  i do n't see the relevance to lithuanian-russian relations . 
  if nato member states met the targets , the threat would be less . 
  nato is a defensive alliance , and lithuania is playing a defensive role . 
  its pretty straightforward that if you underspend , you are perceived as weak . 
  with only 5 nations out of 28 meeting the targets ( and the undoubtedly biggest and most powerful , the usa , being criticised from all corners of europe ) , unsurprisingly europe appears weak . 
   it also formed the core of europe 's complacency with and american-led foreign policy so you 're arguing that if europe spends more on its military , it does n't need to be as complacent with american aims ? 
  i agree 100 % with you , but it comes back to the criticism the usa repeatedly made . 
  europe needs to spend more on its defence . 
  previously this was counterbalanced by a strong us presence in europe . 
  now the usa is switching to asia , europe appears weaker than it once was . 
  the annoying irony of it all is many europeans are on the one hand glad the us are leaving for asia because it means europe is no longer complacent in us foreign policy , but on the other hand upset with the usa for leaving because this makes europe weaker . 
  as you said , have the cake or eat it . 
  in which case their military reduction is easily perceived as free-riding the militaries they expect to protect them . 
  and that sort of activity has formed the core of a lot of us criticism of european nations in nato over the past few years . 
   russia 's going to steamroll them anyway ... , they [ lithuania ] ca n't be perceived as a threat both of these can not be true . 
  i agree russia would steamroll them . 
  i doubt russia sees lithuania alone as a threat . 
  the threat would be nato , which would be stronger if the european nations , britain , france , turkey and greece aside , met the 2 % gdp funding target . 
  nato is 28 members , 5 of which ( the other being usa ) meet the funding target . 
  unsurprisingly , its perceived as weak . 
  and that 's because the other 23 nations are n't meeting the targets . 
  the british army is 129,450 strong , the german army 62,279 . 
  the luftwaffe is the 4th largest air force in the eu , behind the uk , france and italy . 
  the germany navy possesses 84 ships and 53 aircraft , the british royal navy 91 ships and 170 aircraft . 
  add to that the british nuclear deterrent , which germany of course does not have . 
  my point also rests on the greater british and french willingness to use their armed forces , as oppose to germany ( see libya ) . 
   in a location that is relevant for the eu the eu is nowhere near a common military for very good reasons . 
  look at the separate troop commitments of the french and british for example . 
  can we send romanian , bulgarian , portuguese and spanish troops to fight our wars in car , mali and the falklands ? 
  what about internal conflicts ? 
  can britain use these hypothetical eu forces to ensure gibraltar does n't escalate ? 
  an eu army is incompatible with situations like this , so nation-state ones must remain . 
  all the above locations are relevant to two eu nations and are therefore relevant to an eu army should it exist . 
   you ca n't find yourself talking about geopolitics on a global scale and still think in terms on national european states . 
  we 're only relevant as a whole . 
  britain and france are still relevant on the global stage . 
  we are still nuclear powers , still p5 nations . 
  still amongst the best armed forces in the world . 
  that other nations are declining is because they were n't as important to begin with and because they have made sometimes drastic cuts because they perceive their own nation-state 's threat to be minimal ( and because they 've covered themselves through nato ) . 
   i 'm sure that with the proper training romanians and bulgarians can do just as well as their western counterparts . 
  the reason the un uses developing nation armies is because they are cheaper . 
  they are cheaper because their training is cheaper , their equipment is cheaper and their salary is less . 
  training everyone to a french standard means we might as well use the french army . 
  at which point the benefit of using cheaper soldiers no longer exists . 
  and that situation can be achieved if the eu nations stuck to the nato goal of 2 % gdp on military . 
  that they do n't is telling . 
   because it become more sensible to dodge the bullets than to block them . 
  so how has this helped their ability to defend themselves against russia , whose military is nothing short is ginormous ? 
  what does lithuania have in place of these soldiers that helps them defend themselves ? 
  possibly , but its questionable . 
  for one , i am certain the british and french troops are , man for man , better than their romanian/bulgarian counterparts . 
  they 've had better training , more experience , and are much better equipped . 
  a significant british and french ( as examples ) military would remain for our own interests . 
  and we 'd be funding those as well as funding the romanian/bulgarian ( i.e. 
  this is a certainty for national interests too .
