  the united states of europe where the president is cameron ) . 
  churchill is clicking his fingers . 
  i see that as him clicking to get europe to stand to attention , i.e. 
  under british rule . 
  it being churchill on the statue is because churchill called for usoe and because he 's a british hero . 
  the uk undermines europe in places where it suits the uk to do so , but so do other european countries . 
  the financial transactions tax they were right to oppose . 
  this would have lost london a lot of money . 
  france on the other hand , strongly oppose the wish to stop holding parliamentary sessions in strasbourg . 
  why ? 
  because it will make strasbourg lose money , yet it will save the eu # 156m per year . 
  [ 2nd last paragraph . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21336397 ) david cameron is the uk prime minister . 
  his primary purpose is to serve the uk . 
  do n't get me wrong , i believe in the eu . 
  but cameron , much like hollande with france , merkel with germany etc. 
  must serve the interests of their nation before the european project . 
  are golden dawn by any chance the people that also make those posters that depict merkel as a nazi ? 
  in which case the same people that allege merkel is a nazi now advocate a greek brand of nazism ? 
  confusing ... 
  two years to 2015 . 
  referendum is sometime before 2018 , often thought to be 2017 . 
  he 's gon na love the next ** four ** years !!, 
  how many german civil servants are there at national and eu level , versus how many uk national and eu civil servants are there ? 
  i 'm not disputing the facts , they 're clear enough . 
  but i 'd expect them to be distorted by the fact there are more german civil servants than uk ones , especially at eu level . 
  bulgarians seemingly fear everything !, 
  uk just do n't give a fuck . 
  * germany does n't want women on boards of companies . 
  der spiegel did two articles on this when it first came out , through a documentary aired in october 2007 : [ article 1 ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/breaking-the-silence-bmw-s-quandt-family-to-investigate-wealth-amassed-in-third-reich-a-511193.html ) [ article 2 ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/breaking-the-silence-bmw-s-quandt-family-to-investigate-wealth-amassed-in-third-reich-a-511193-2.html ) the first talks about the documentary and is generally a spiegel version of the jpost article . 
  the second argues gunther quandt would 've been charged much like the ig farben directors at nuremberg . 
  this topic could be investigated almost endlessly i 'd imagine . 
  here 's a [ link ] ( http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/holocaust/ravensbruck.html ) saying siemens was the major employer of slave labour at ravensbruck . 
  they also had a camp in the auschwitz [ complex ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bobrek_concentration_camp ) . 
  they are now involved in compensation schemes for all of this . 
  if you have n't already you should post this over at / r/soccer , it would likely be greatly appreciated . 
  good luck to them then . 
  undoubtedly correct with regards to military efficiency and all things related to the ` on the ground ' part of the operation . 
  i should imagine if this is a drawn out operation the french ministry of finance might disagree , but until then go france !, 
  elected as prime minister ?? 
  [ elected ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-wsgljswn294/ukv-svf3u-i/aaaaaaaaigg/tvdv2hxn9po/s1600/gordon-brown_1591896c.jpg ) you say ... 
  sadly i completely agree . 
  sensationalist headline . 
  he 's advocating the uk be more involved in the eu . 
  he backs this up by saying the referendum would `` crystallise the issue , '' i.e. 
  demonstrate to the uk government that its people on the whole want to remain in the eu . 
  i 'm sure the whole referendum pisses him off , and so it should to be honest . 
   `` that means cutting the work week from 40 to 30 hours and increasing wages across the board '' i do n't care how difficult or unfeasible it is , less hours and more money is the apex of society . 
  we must hope . 
  when there 's tens of people being interviewed for the job , several with years of experience , getting it in the first place is difficult enough . 
  its made worse as employers understandably favour middle aged workers with years of experience and who are a greater long term prospect in most jobs . 
  fuck being interviewed alongside a 30 something with a decade of experience in exactly that job . 
  do other european parliamentarians have to declare their personal wealth including assets belonging to a spouse ? 
  i remember this coming up in the uk ( we do n't have to ) but being controversial because some spouses ( e.g. 
  nick clegg 's wife ) earn significantly more than their partners . 
  is it fair on the spouse to be forced to do this despite not being a civil servant ? 
  violent crime down 49 % since 1995 . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/blog/2010/apr/27/conservatives-crime-figures-reality-check ) as ever different people have different definitions . 
  however , in 2008/09 the murder rate was at its lowest ( 651 ) for a decade . 
  doubt they 've manipulated the definition of ` murder ' . 
  considering harry 's repeated incidents , shall we say , in front of the media , my guess is a resounding no . 
  they do not provide any assistance with dealing with the press ... 
  for what its worth i strongly think some caveats on the eu referendum will be put in should scotland vote for independence . 
  the two discussions to be had are whether scotland remains in the eu as an independent nation , and whether scotland gets to vote on the uk 's eu membership in 2017 if scotland has already voted to leave the uk in 2014 . 
  obviously there is a time frame between scotland voting yes to independence and actually becoming independent , and anything less than 3 years means the uk eu referendum is nothing to do with already independent scotland . 
  however , if scotland is still awaiting independence in 2017 , somehow i doubt scots will get to vote on the eu referendum as its nothing to do with their future ( scotland 's future will be sorted by the debates over independent scotland 's eu entry , it wo n't be decided via 2017 ) . 
  first thing i saw was that lego fucked up the scale of jabba : palace . 
  check out the size of him on the box !, 
  campaigning for scotland in uk and uk in eu are two sides of the same coin . 
  the snp and the major uk parties all want the same thing regarding the eu ( membership ) . 
  this makes it difficult for the snp to distance themselves on this argument and thus present an independent scotland as a better choice ( in the realms of european policy ) . 
  their only option is to do as labour have done , and suggest cameron is playing a dangerous game . 
  yeah if he 'd said we are out this morning then it would change things . 
  but he 's never said that . 
  it would be a massive contradiction between his eu policy and his scottish policy . 
  we also provided $ 16.5 bn to ireland dubbed a ` back door bailout ' through propping up rbs and lloyds . 
  that 's # 1 in every # 4 that went to these two banks consequently supported their irish subsidiaries ( ulster bank and bank of scotland ( ireland ) ) . 
  it 's only my personal opinion , but i think uk membership supersedes eu membership if its a choice between the two . 
  remember scotland is a big portion of the voting population , so provided the snp or whoever is in power after the scottish referendum ( & msp elections ) campaigns to stay in the eu then they can strongly swing the eu referendum in their ( scotland 's ) favour . 
  it 's not a one or the other situation . 
  current polls and odds favour both uk and eu membership . 
  they can thus easily have both . 
  i 'm intrigued to hear the scottish opinion on this , but i do n't think the eu referendum matters to the scottish referendum anymore , simply due to timing . 
  it would be 3 years after scotland votes for independence before the eu referendum takes place . 
  it would take a few years for scotland to fully declare independence , but i presume it would also be a few years post-2017 before the uk officially leaves the eu if it voted to leave . 
  it would also presumably be the case that scots are n't allowed to vote on the uk eu referendum if they have already voted to leave the uk ( if independence is yet to be officially declared ) . 
  i 'm sure salmond would love the thought of quitting the uk then effectively kicking the uk rump out the eu though . 
  scotland is n't winning independence . 
  poll predictions suggest a unionist victory . 
  betting odds suggest a strong unionist victory . 
  the majority of scots favour ` devo max ' , but they are n't being offered that . 
  sorry , meant to say the most likely outcome for a conservative victory is through coalition . 
  key thing here is that it will come in 2017 and after the 2015 election . 
  that gives several years for the eu and in particular ez to overcome the ez crisis and hopefully move beyond this . 
  secondly , most predictions at the moment suggest another conservative government after 2015 would be in coalition . 
  this can give rise to a situation in which this policy is lost if the coalition partner is against it . 
  and finally , that 's a good few years more to strengthen the pro-europe argument , particularly as the eu and eurozone recover , potentially whilst ukip/farage 's repetition grows tedious . 
  edit : corrections . 
  with an italian general election on 24/25 february , do not lay down a challenge to berlusconi regarding political immunity !!, 
  [ splendid isolation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/splendid_isolation ),
