  but a limit must be set . 
  it would be draconian to impose this on all russians in europe ( e.g. 
  students , normal workers , even putin 's opposition in exile ) . 
  setting specific persons to restrict wealth of is one way , but i still firmly disagree with that in cases where they are not the regime . 
  look at the travel restrictions placed a few days ago . 
  the individuals are all directly involved . 
  no oligarchs because that 's out of the question . 
   german vw worker gets $ 67 per hour there has to be a catch there . 
  $ 67 an hour is $ 139,360 per year , assuming 8 hours a day , 5 days a week and 52 weeks a year . 
  i see there is no source for this , which amounts to about $ 100,000 . 
  that makes me ( and a fair few commenters on the article itself ) somewhat suspicious of such a high figure being true . 
   we should start by freezing all bank accounts owned by russians in the west all russians ? 
  russian 's over a certain wealth surely ? 
  i do n't support this regardless . 
  it would greatly undermine the confidence in our banking systems . 
  if we did it to russians , why not anyone else . 
  future investors in our economies may become very hesitant . 
  and that 's if its even possible . 
  many of these accounts are surely secret . 
  people have an odd habit of underestimating them . 
  as if we could sanction them easily , as if its iran , iraq or north korea . 
  their military has the third largest expenditure in the world . 
  dwarfed by the usa , but this just reinforces what i said about the us being a hyperpower . 
  they are the largest exporter of gas and one of the largest exporters of oil in the world . 
  so often we talk about wars for energy . 
  it underpins almost everything we do in the middle east . 
   russia still qualifies as one by virtue of nukes and being a p5 nation that 's two very big things and when combined with energy makes them very influential . 
  a better question is whether we would 've let a smaller nation such as iran or iraq get away with doing what russia is ? 
  i dare say the sanctions imposed would be significantly tougher . 
   `` illegal under the constitution '' my arse i agree completely with this . 
  it puzzles me how a piece of paper should be seen as infallible against the will of the majority of the people ( should the catalans vote to be independent of course ) . 
  its a complete joke . 
   their media clearly shields them from the fact that they 're widely viewed as a joke of a nation . 
  they 're a joke but they are definitely powerful . 
  i do n't think superpower is the right term . 
  its more that the usa is a hyperpower , then come a mix of nations in china , russia , the uk , france and germany . 
  i would argue the ranking of these nations changes depending on what 's we are looking at . 
   i feels like some brits complain about the eu most of them have no clue how the eu works . 
  our media and politicians are a disaster when it comes to explaining this . 
  this is absolutely the core of our difficulties with the eu . 
   seems counterproductive , considering the attendance and activity rates for ukip meps . 
  very correct , but given the above point i made , this one becomes irrelevant . 
  people do not know about the eu or how it works . 
  there 's a very clear eu vs. uk mentality that 's ruining it for us . 
  people seem to unknowingly gloss over that we have meps , commissioners , civil servants and the pm all as representatives of the uk in the eu . 
  the exact same way that all other member states do , and in fairness more than most other member states do . 
  the tragic irony of it is that if an mp had an attendance and activity rate in the commons that mimicked what ukip do in the ep , our media , opposition politicians and general public would see it as a disgrace . 
  yet because its brussels , its somehow different . 
   `` we have avoided , therefore will continue to avoid '' is barely rational . 
  and so is assuming that nuclear war will definitely happen , therefore we should get it over with and make it `` as quick and painless as possible '' . 
  it happening once does n't mean it wo n't happen again . 
  there could be a `` quick '' nuclear war next week , then another a few years later . 
   we provided the framework and the systems by which the current oligarchy rose to power as ` people we could do business with . ', 
  hindsight is always 20-20 and you 're overlooking the context of russia in the 90s . 
  instability and wars in places like chechnya are not good things when a state is nuclear . 
   however , if we ` manage ' north korea 's dissolution the way we ` managed ' the ussr , we are setting the country up for failure at a later point nothing suggests ` we ' are about to turn modern day russia into north korea . 
  the question then becomes how many of the five differences outlined in the fco document must be satisfied to avoid eu/us condemnation . 
  maybe 1/5 ( the constitutional point ) is n't enough , hence the west ( spain aside ) will recognise catalan independence ? 
  i do n't know . 
   yes , but it also economically isolates poland , slovakia and the czech republic away from it 's fellow nato & eu members it does and that is shitty . 
  the only feasible comeback to that is that gerhard schroeder was accountable to germany and nobody else . 
  its a case , and possibly and bad case , of the member state being more important than the union . 
  ukraine estimated a [ $ 720m yearly loss ] ( http://www.upi.com/business_news/energy-resources/2011/05/20/nord-stream-costs-ukraine-720-million/upi-83611305917575/ ) from not being an intermediary between russian-german gas . 
  that indicates some of the savings west europe may make as a result of nord stream . 
   not to mention the fibre optic cable and repeater stations can theoretically be used for espionage . 
  nord stream ag stated the fibre optics were [ neither planned nor necessary . 
  ] ( http://www.stern.de/politik/deutschland/schroeders-pipeline-spionagekanal-in-der-ostsee-611094.html ) 49 % of nord stream ag is european union owned . 
  it would be interesting to see if that 49 % are cool with russia ( through gazprom ) installing fibre optics that have been ruled out altogether , presumably to spy on sweden . 
  if so , another case of member state  union . 
  i get the feeling nord stream was always going to happen . 
  it saves germany and ( consequently ) western europe a shit load of money and makes them directly accountable for their own energy , as oppose to intermediaries in ukraine , poland , slovakia and the czech republic . 
  that does n't absolve schroeder in any way . 
  salami tactics is a cute term but it does n't justify going to nuclear war . 
  nor do you know that russia is going to keep on going into the rest of ukraine , the baltics and wherever else . 
  molotov-ribbentrop is a provocative comparison when public officials make it , but the two are nothing alike . 
   there is no avoiding nuclear war . 
  yes there is . 
  we did it throughout the cold war and are better for it . 
  i do n't see why you think this will somehow be different . 
   the only question is if we want it to be as quick and painless as possible , or involve generations of suffering before eventual extinction . 
  there is no quick and painless nuclear war . 
  you make a very strange dichotomy about it . 
   no significant political change can be permitted in a nuclear state by other nuclear states . 
  the west won the cold war to the extent that the soviet union collapsed completely . 
  the failure since then was underestimating the extent to which yeltsin could screw things up . 
   i am saying that the only way to deal with crazy , when mad is a factor , is to threaten to be more crazy . 
  so you 're advocating the west acts equally as irrational ? 
  threaten to nuke moscow ? 
  that only serves to destabilise everything even worse . 
   the best we can hope for is an all-out nuclear exchange as quickly as possible that 's a terrible idea . 
  anything that prolongs the time before a nuclear war is worthwhile . 
  anything to avoid nuclear war is worthwhile . 
   it 's pretty obvious that the eu and the us wo n't engage russia at all , lest they start ww3 , which gives russia carte blanche to act aggressively , knowing there will be no serious ramifications . 
  nuclear weapons are useless if you do n't have the will to use them what are you trying to recommend with this statement ? 
  i presume you are n't suggesting russia gets nuked , but that is how it comes across . 
   the real problem with nuclear weapons is not that they could cause the destruction of the world , it is that their very existence will inevitably cause the destruction of humanity , by virtue of the fact that they maintain the status quo and , in so doing , offer a tactical advantage to those willing to act aggressively or irrationally ( nk or russia ) . 
  the problem here is that its not an argument against nukes , much the opposite . 
  the technology is there , so the ` irrational ' states will always go for them because its a massive advantage in all areas of diplomacy . 
   therefore , voting for the 1992 constitution would effectively be the same as voting to reunify with russia . 
  those cunning bastards !,
