  but not anymore !, 
  well that seems to ruin everything even more . 
  would he run again if there was a second election , perhaps feeling that he has made his ( and the people 's ) point in the first ? 
  where would the grillo vote otherwise have gone ? 
  it strikes me that without his party this could 've looked much much different . 
  based on voting numbers does he has a very good chance of being in a coalition ? 
  because he 'd surely obstruct government given he has no experience whatsoever . 
  i 'm no markets expert but i 'd think that could reflect very bad financially . 
  it would drain market confidence in italy . 
  ah , my apologies . 
  click ` year of arrival ' and then mess around with the drop down . 
  [ guardian . 
  ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/interactive/2012/dec/11/census-england-wales-maps-religion ), 
  if he was your president you guys would rock state visits and high level negotiations . 
  imagine cthulhu giving a big un speech . 
  any chance its to do with what polls usually close first ? 
  i know that might be tough given italy 's size , but in the usa republicans take an early lead due to what state 's finish polling first . 
  sort of . 
  i do n't see ukip as a threat to the existing parliament structure ( i.e. 
  a 3 party parliament ) . 
  they are of course a threat to tory dominance in that parliament . 
  but , i also strongly believe their support at the moment is out of mid-term dissatisfaction . 
  they wo n't convert this support on 7th may , 2015 . 
  [ have a bit of this . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-20672090 ) bbc source but i think it shows what you 're looking for . 
  fully agree . 
   scientology is seeking money , power and influence . 
  critics , and people who have left the organization , talk about massive psychological pressure on members to fully conform to the sect 's ideology . 
  the organization seeks `` to influence , use and control key people in politics , the economy , media and other areas of society , '' warns napieralla . 
  generally speaking yes it does . 
  this could be for a number of reasons , linguistic being an obviously logical one . 
  there 's also direct policy regarding it . 
  for example , gb passed the british nationality act ( 1948 ) . 
  this allowed the 800 million citizens of the empire to live and work in the uk without a visa ( rebuilt the british labour market post-ww2 ) . 
  until the commonwealth immigration act ( 1962 ) , all commonwealth citizens could enter and stay in gb without restriction . 
  its also easier because after many years of imperial immigration stronger immigrant networks/communities are established . 
  its easier for an indian to move to gb than some other countries because of strong indian cultures in the uk ( empire is crucial to this ) . 
  other than that its simple history ( this is not an imperial example , just something influencing emigrant destination choice ) . 
  gb took lots of poles after ww2 when the soviets came into poland . 
  they established themselves here ( i believe the uk hosted the polish government in exile ) . 
  much like the indian example , over time networks established and now poles may well find it easier to come to the uk than elsewhere ( maybe simple things like it being easier to get polish food here than some other west european countries ) . 
  i did n't read anywhere supermarkets planned to sell cheaply , i just did n't know if governments were planning to sell it cheaply or give it away . 
  basically , i did n't know the specifics of government proposals on this . 
  the point is to distribute the meat we have just discovered . 
  it is either used to feed people or it is thrown away . 
  this is n't about using horses as some sort of long-term poverty aid . 
  she was elected to represent her constituency on the basis of her ukip viewpoints . 
  she has changed those viewpoints by defecting and has thus gone back on her election manifesto . 
  i really hope there 's a pun in there . 
  the choice of course meaning whether to eat horse for starter , main course , or dessert , 
  i back this idea . 
  the meat is there , why not feed people with it . 
  it would be ethically bad to just bin it because then its completely wasted . 
  correctly label it and make it worthwhile . 
  although this is obviously a good thing , political defection should trigger a byelection . 
  regardless of what we think of ukip , her constituents voted ukip and will now be given conservative politics . 
  yeah partnership is a strong word . 
  my point was this article implies germany wants the uk around because of its skeptical view . 
  edit : spelling . 
  the important thing here is n't english becoming the eu language , its that germany sees the uk as an important eurosceptic ally . 
  the last few years have really transformed eu politics in some nations , germany perhaps the most . 
  whilst gauck makes clear his ( and germany 's ) belief in europe , he wants to approach it from a more conservative perspective . 
  europe is great , but we should n't get ahead of ourselves . 
  that helped make the situation what it is today , and as bad as it got a few years ago . 
  considering the size and political strength of the uk , a uk-german partnership could significantly shape a significantly more cautious eu in times ahead . 
  how would you factor in that ukip do n't perform well in general elections because fptp defeats low polling parties . 
  11 % is decent for now , but that 's spread throughout the uk and thus gets beat in every constituency . 
  plus this being the mid-term when the uk electorate commonly punishes the government ( this holds true to the extent labour were criticised for only holding a 10 point lead . 
  its also thought labour are being punished with ukip , but also that this wo n't hold in the ge because of fptp ) . 
  the more pressing matter is the next mep elections when ukip could become britain 's largest mep group , overtaking the conservatives . 
  i 'm not criticising your post whatsoever , simply these thoughts struck me when i read it . 
  there 's a lot of these types in england ... 
  i 'd like to think the latter . 
  the bottom of that table is pretty much all the caribbean . 
  reggae , beaches and sunshine are clearly the formula for happiness . 
  given your edit , i have decided to give you a couple of links that might help . 
  this one discusses franco 's persecution of the [ basque people . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_basque_people#the_franco_dictatorship ) note that it also states franco attempted to wipe out the variety of languages and cultures that exist in spain . 
  this is a [ map ] ( http://www.eurominority.eu/version/maps/map-native-people.asp ) of ethnic minorities in europe . 
  note how some places such as the balkans have an incredible amount of diversity for such a tiny region . 
  some might say those differences are not that big . 
  yet they were so big to enough people in the area that several wars have been fought . 
  here 's the most [ recent . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslav_wars ), 
  why did general franco see it necessary to persecute catalan culture ? 
  the answer is that it was so different to castilian culture ( i.e. 
  that the catalan people were so different to castilian people ) that is posed a threat to the spanish nation-state . 
  persecution like this is exactly the point because it glaringly shows the differences that exist . 
  edit : answering edits made to the comment above : everyone acknowledges that differences exist between us states . 
  to say otherwise is idiotic . 
  however , the differences that exist within the eu are quite simply more pronounced . 
  europe is older . 
  it has therefore had significantly longer to develop these differences . 
  european nations have warred with one another for millennia . 
  they have created their many different identities due to their environment , and to differentiate themselves from one another . 
  the usa is 1 country , the eu is 27 different countries . 
  each of those countries has different regions , which in turn have their own identities . 
  the catalan culture was and is so distinct from general castilian culture that during general franco 's dictatorship he attempted to remove it . 
  franco prohibited the use of catalan names . 
  castilian equivalents had to be used , during his regime , religious services were held in castilian , and castilian was the only language permitted to be used in public .
