  they were free , so made their money through a combination of tiny ( negligible ) exchange rate manipulation and ( i guess ) making numerous transfers all at once . 
  check western union too , i 've heard they are good . 
  the way it works is you 'll send the money to ( example ) xe , xe will keep it for a few days ) , then it will be transferred to your account in the austria . 
  google around . 
  i transfer from uk to eu and use the uk post office because its free , has great rates and is easy . 
  i 'd be astonished if there was n't an equally good service to transfer from usa to eu . 
  cameron is relatively pro-european . 
  his problem is ukip are stealing votes from his back bencher 's constituencies . 
  as a result he 's having to swing right in order to appease the core of his own party . 
  take her . 
  we 'll even pay for the air fare to get her there and give you a nice stipend to subsidise her costs . 
  if you live in the wealthier area of the nation then you 'll love her . 
  if you 're from anywhere outside that , especially the area that did n't vote for her ( scotland ) , then prepare yourselves for a world of hurt . 
   the polish hate what russia is doing now for example . 
  i doubt the polish ( or any of the areas russia may have once deemed its own ) have really changed their view of russia much as a result of this . 
  its more a case of confirming what they already knew . 
  presumably to alleviate the possibility of the money being lost to corruption ? 
  though i do n't know . 
  have n't loaned a few billion $ of my money to a nation-state before . 
  [ russian economy paying price for ukraine . 
  ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2014/03/06/investing/russian-economy-damage/ ), 
  i ca n't imagine much changing on that front . 
  nations that were n't hosting a russian base before would n't have anyway . 
  nations with one will likely continue to keep them ( syria under assad wo n't have a problem ; kazakhstan has some russian space agency stuff and i 'm sure they 're fine ; do n't know about the rest ) . 
   the popular opinion is the same as the uk opinion , i suspect : totally for sanctions , as long as they do n't harm my heating bill/company i work for/supply of caviar i fully agree with this . 
  the uk is going through a serious bout ` charity begins at home ' . 
  our eu policy is very strictly that it should benefit the uk or fuck it right now . 
  i have n't heard anyone suggest we should break this for ukraine . 
  personally i think any sanction we do ( as uk or eu ) is just symbolic and will be brushed under the table quickly . 
  then again , i also believe russia wo n't be going further than crimea . 
  i 'm obviously aware of the berlin wall ( counting soviet/east german as russian ) . 
  what others specifically against emigration have there been ? 
  i genuinely would like to know , i 'm not objecting or disagreeing . 
  not that i know , but i would n't see the point of keeping people in . 
  the ethnic russians would want to be there , the ukrainians might not . 
  and what does imprisoning ukrainians in crimea do ? 
  if the ukrainians left that means more russians can settle there , which reinforces crimea belonging to russia over time . 
  did n't they overcome that somehow in order to let the mix of turkey , greece and cyprus in ? 
  something to do with the cypriot conflict being the issue at hand . 
   in the long run , i believe it will become obvious that russia has shot itself in the foot here . 
  they are very reliant on energy exports , economically and geopolitically . 
  they certainly know this . 
  [ check out the gas fields around crimea and east , aka often ethnic russian , ukraine . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26495378 ) i do n't disagree with you , but the combination of a naval port , large ethnic russian population , losing ukraine to europe and the general crisis in ukraine also serve as good excuses to get a hold of some more energy resources . 
  its marvellous right . 
  the eu pretends to be the organisation against banking , passing its meaningless symbolic gesture laws against the industry , all the while self-electing banking lobby candidates . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm all for ukraine getting closer to the eu if that 's what it wants , but i would prefer it to be post-election when there 's a modicum of stability . 
  forgive me , but why does that help snowden get a visa from the eu ? 
  the way i saw it was the eu was currently extra reliant on the usa , hence the eu would n't do something right now that pisses the usa off , such as giving snowden a visa . 
  when choosing the time to ask the eu to do you a big favour that spits the usa , choosing a moment when the eu is increasing its reliance on the usa seems illogical . 
  who are the people believed to be responsible ? 
  weird timing for this to come out ? 
  just as the usa is reinforcing its defence commitment in the eu thanks to the crimea situation , snowden asks the eu for asylum , which no doubt would piss the usa off royally . 
  or is there more to the timing ? 
  based on the article i can see opposition in some form from the uk , sweden , the netherlands and france with the thought of jean claude junker . 
  hungary and britain oppose schulz . 
  herman van rompuy also has some clear reservations about the whole process . 
  but never mind , we shall focus the blame on britain for everything anyone opposes in europe . 
  because there 's bits we like about it . 
  note the headline britain ** leads ** opposition . 
  you 'll find that indicates there is more than one opponent . 
  i would argue there 's a couple of big differences between every nation you list here and russia . 
  namely that russia is significantly more powerful than any of these nations ( and many of them combined . 
  going to war with iran vs. going to war with russia is a very very different prospect . 
  neither are good , but one is considerably less terrible than the other . 
  crimea is also a very unique situation for russia that i personally do n't know if replicated elsewhere . 
  large ethnic russia population and strategic military importance being foremost here . 
  rumour is the saudis have nukes in storage in pakistan should they need and/or want them . 
  that neither supports nor disproves what either of us said , just an interesting thing . 
  fair enough . 
  particularly as the us managed it already . 
  the devil 's advocate in me can only think of an issue of who 's troops ? 
  mixed bag would be weird and probably lack communication ability in such a small space . 
  one nation means which nation , then we are back to the bilateral threat vs. eu threat ? 
  but i 'm being pedantic . 
   namely a show of military unity along the eu 's borders , nothing provocative just to show unified commitment to play devil 's advocate , how is it not provocative ? 
  in particular , what message do you issue when sending these troops to the polish ( an example ) border ? 
  * these troops will protect the rest of ukraine ? 
  ( could this make the government in kiev do something we in the eu might later regret having to support , for fear of being embarrassed on the global stage once more ) * these troops are here to protect poland . 
  ( would this give carte blanche for russia to move further into ukraine ? ), 
  i do this simply to illustrate the sensitivity of the issue . 
  its a shitty situation and the eu is expected to keep its promises . 
  saying something you later regret ( think obama 's ` red line ' in syria ) might comeback to haunt you . 
   28 perspectives and vested interest . 
  it 's just shocking to see what results in . 
  remember the 28 perspectives are far from homogenous . 
  the uk ( city of london ) , france ( military deal ) , germany ( energy/industry ) and poland/ex-soviet states ( history ) all have very different perspectives coming into this . 
  sure they all want a peaceful resolution and all seemingly side with ukraine , but as for how to deal with russia , these different perspectives are what numbs the eu . 
  financial sanctions hurt the british in the city , trade sanctions hurt the french military deals and energy ( also trade ) sanctions hurt the germans . 
  so there 's bound to be a bit of self-interest when deciding exactly what to do . 
   possibly i 'm more annoyed that the uk has not acted stronger on its own . 
  that 's fair enough because we could do something . 
  but our impact on russia would be nothing more than symbolic and would hurt us more . 
  we can only ` punish ' them with something we currently deal in with russia , so it has to be finance based . 
  if we take away the city they 'll just go to paris , geneva or frankfurt . 
  and unless the rest of europe supports us ( which is an eu wide solution - in which case why does it have to be finance based , why not trade or energy ? ), 
  then we 've just lost a big client without causing them any real problems . 
  do n't be . 
  the three points below are taken from the bbc and are described as [ what eu leaders decided to do .
