  i was responding to a jokey star wars reference . 
  did n't expect the fourth reich or second soviet union ... 
  i think the problem with hitler was the genocide and racial theories . 
  there 's quite a few other things , but if i had to choose , i 'd say that was the foremost issue . 
  i also think the whole point of ww2 was to have ` one caesar ' ( in this case hitler ) that united all of europe . 
  thing is , people are n't too fond of being conquered . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm doing this , but here 's a slightly more serious response . 
  the difference between europe and the us/canada is that we are a collection of countries . 
  the differences between france/germany vs. new york/massachusetts does n't need clarifying . 
  as a result we have the eu , a bespoke solution to a bespoke probem . 
  will it eventually develop into a ` usoe ' , who knows , maybe . 
  its very early days . 
  this crisis has affected the entire world , not just europe . 
  last time i checked the us was n't doing so good either . 
  the us is fast approaching $ 85bn budget cuts `` designed to be severe '' because they ca n't overcome their differences . 
  [ have a read . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-21610813 ), 
  where the fuck did that come from ? 
  so the solution is to find a new fuhrer is it ? 
  that did n't go too well for europe last time ... 
  its an interesting statement because he seems to overlook the major reason for why the crisis is happening in greece in the way it is , and not other countries . 
  namely , greece enters the euro , then uses its new cheap credit rating to massively overspend ( remember the athens olympics ) . 
  it does n't counterbalance this , and in fact tax evasion becomes widely prevalent . 
  the greek population are paying the price for their corrupt , inept and naive politicians . 
  the greek tax evading population ( however small ) helped contribute to their nation 's state by not paying taxes . 
  i have the utmost sympathy for the greek tax paying population , those that worked hard and paid their way . 
  there were clear problems in the single currency . 
  italy should n't have been let in ( germany tried to stop them ) , greece got in late . 
  there was no regulation on the activity of the irish government 's authorisation of private sector loans , no regulation of the greek government 's overspending . 
  from that perspective klaus is absolutely correct . 
  poland is fantastic . 
  its always had a brilliant culture , its just that its geographical position left it to be repeatedly fucked over throughout the many centuries . 
  haha i did n't know that . 
  thank you for the knowledge kind sir . 
  this is the best point in here !, 
  calling a beef burger a hamburger is fine . 
  calling a horse burger a beef burger though . 
  wrong . 
  plain wrong . 
  edit : it is apparently i who is wrong . 
  plain wrong . 
  see below for further information . 
  investment banking divisions still turn a profit . 
  for example in may 2012 rbs ' investment division made # 824m . 
  these people deserve bonuses for that year , they made a profit for their company . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.itv.com/news/update/2012-05-04/rbss-investment-banking-arms-824m-operating-profits/ ) the problem is the banks as a whole still make losses . 
  this could be for a number of factors such as paying back debt from a bailout , libor fines etc. 
  but the investment teams that make a profit should be given a competitive bonus . 
  or else they leave for other companies , thus reducing the bank 's revenue next year . 
  this is a populist policy that does n't solve the problem . 
  yes the length and girth of a country does matter . 
  though what the article interestingly points out is the intelligent use of alliances by the ` smaller states ' . 
  through clubbing together they turn themselves into a powerful alliance that can be heard equally against the eu3 . 
  exactly . 
  lets get some berlusconi quotes in here to even the playing field : * `` it 's better to be fond of beautiful girls than to be gay . '', 
  * `` of course , their current lodgings are a bit temporary . 
  but they should see it like a weekend of camping . '', 
  ( about the 17,000 homeless after l'aquila ) . 
  * `` what 's his name ? 
  some tanned guy . 
  ah , barack obama !, 
  you wo n't believe it , but the two of them sunbathe together because the wife is also tanned . '', 
  * `` i 'm getting out to mind my own fucking business , from somewhere else , and so i 'm leaving this shitty country , of which i 'm sickened . '', 
  ( his views on italy ) . 
  yeah do n't call him a clown . 
  that 's just downright offensive . 
  germany went through something of a pre-debt cancellation economic miracle between 1950 and 1953 . 
  plenty of cheap skilled labourers post-war . 
  the allies had stopped dismantling german industry ( coal and steel ) , which opened the doors for germany to start using that again . 
  the allies had taken parts from 706 factories . 
  redevelopment of course required work , but that 's about as cut and dry as any government policy you 'll ever see . 
  germany knew full well it had strong industrial capabilities . 
  you can take the parts but the resources are still in the ground . 
  a slightly more specific example is that major hirst ( british soldier running volkswagen post-ww2 ) left in 1949 , and volkswagen became property of the west german government . 
  much like other areas of industry , this now represented a great opportunity for growth . 
  then the korean war . 
  germany more than doubled its exports during this war due to demand for goods . 
  of course all this still led to an economy that required the debt cancellations of 1953 . 
  that debt consisted of roughly 15bn marks from wwi reparations ( germany volunteered to pay that back ) and 15bn post-wwii . 
  that was cancelled to about 15bn total , which everyone was aware the west german economy ( because of the aforementioned reasons and their expected future growth ) could easily handle . 
  the wwi reparations ended in 2010 . 
  thats not important , its just a fun relevant fact . 
  [ enjoy . 
  ] ( http://www.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,2023140,00.html ), 
  quality torygraph there . 
  i would n't use the eurozone as a barometer to judge britain 's problems . 
  taken in isolation , osborne 's austerity could cost gb # 76bn extra by 2015 . 
  the guardian being as anti-tory and the telegraph is pro-tory , but oh well . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2012/oct/13/imf-george-osborne-austerity-76bn ) point is i do n't see the validity of this comparison . 
  its also fair to say greece does n't possess the industrial potential germany had in 1953 . 
  we all knew germany could return to economic glory . 
  it had done so through the 1930s after over a decade of debt , hyperinflation and crippling reparations . 
  the terrible problem of the 1930s if of course one that does n't need mentioning . 
  the difference in the 50s was germany 's government was good this time . 
  perhaps there 's something in the fact we had the cold war to worry about during the 1950s . 
  it is in our direct interests to make west germany strong . 
  should east germany do better than its western counterpart that would be bad . 
  making greece better should be in our interests too , but unfortunately the powers that be seem either ill convinced by the corruption , embezzlement and evasion you reference , or aware greece wo n't create a significant ` economic miracle ' if her debt is cancelled .
