  we avoided syria and that 's a cakewalk by comparison to russia . 
   another similarity is that they both have a nebulous external enemy who is responsible for their problems . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  the idea that a comparison exists between russia 's view of the west and the nazi view of judaism is ridiculous . 
  i do n't see many book burnings of american/western authors , or us/western businesses being kicked out of russia en masse . 
   both also had the same type of upper echelon corruption . 
  all the top nazis became fabulously wealthy from state assets just like the putin 's inner circle . 
  all corrupt states have this feature , there 's nothing special or uniquely russian/nazi about it . 
  look at any corrupt state across africa or central asia for example . 
  there 's always a wealthy elite that are close to the government . 
   it 's not , but some things are simply essential to the eu 's existence . 
  an example would be the eu 's `` four freedoms '' ( free movement of people , goods , services and capital ) . 
  i agree with this , but again nuancing is necessary . 
  the focus of euroscepticism seems to be over free movement of peoples . 
  free movement of peoples is great , but unfortunately people that favour euroscepticism are often convinced that free movement leads to job losses ( e.g. 
  a german losing his job to a romanian ) or benefit tourism . 
  when mainstream euroscepticism ( i.e. 
  that coming from mainstream parties , so not ukip in the uk or the pvv , despite their electoral success , in the netherlands ) it focuses on these nuances , not on a desire to end the eu altogether . 
  a renegotiated deal for the uk ( read non-eurozone nations ) that allows further integration from those who want or need it ( eurozone nations ) without harming the non-eurozone members , will help extraordinarily . 
  i 'm not quite sure what you 're getting at with this comment . 
  the uk is not the only country entertaining the thought of restricting immigration . 
  an eu that is 28 different things to 28 different member states is a bad way to go , so in that respect i agree with you . 
  but and eu that either integrates more or disintegrates altogether is , i would bet , not what the majority of people want right now . 
  that is however , what seems to be on offer . 
   europe of motherlands i think the prospect of mother russia is already scaring many europeans , so i 'm not too sure about this ... 
  i agree with you to an extent but think this needs nuancing . 
  what , in my opinion , will suffice for the sceptic leaning populations across europe ( i.e. 
  people that are falling out of favour with the eu , but are not full blown far right-wingers ) is more europe * in certain areas '' and less europe in others . 
  the task for poilticians should be to find this nuance and make it work . 
  not a blanket ` more europe or no europe at all ' . 
   even a chinese-russian alliance would have no actual hope of winning the point should be that nobody has a hope of winning . 
  the `` winner '' will be he who has the least nuclear wreckage to clean up . 
  it 's very sad that if someone does seem to have lost it then they are still interviewed and their opinions taken as if they were still fully functional . 
  edit : a fucking ukip flag . 
  thankfully there 's only an hour left with it . 
  the hong kong economy is slightly bigger than that of israel or ireland . 
  its gdp per capita is the 6th globally . 
  [ wiki . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_hong_kong ) if it were to rejoin it would almost certainly be an overseas territory though , so that money would n't be added to our economy in the uk proper . 
  it would likely benefit us considerably on an indirect level though . 
  such a rich and prosperous strategic outpost can only be a good thing . 
   if russia did invade , i really expect some materiel assistance to ukraine . 
  i agree . 
   on top of that , you 're ignoring that ground based aa weaponry tends to be defensive , and from what i 've read that 's one of the most modernised parts of the ukrainian arsenal . 
  i read the same . 
  but its a matter of time in that case , and russia has far more of that than ukraine . 
  missiles , a ground invasion , aerial and naval advantage are all russian strengths . 
   but it 's by no means cut and dry . 
  no war is cut and dry , but russia would completely dominate ukraine . 
  assuming both sides went for it , the ukrainian air and naval forces would be damn near useless within days , leaving russia with a massive aerial advantage . 
  if that was n't the case then ukraine would almost certainly have put up more of a fight recently instead of blanket surrendering . 
  add that ukraine is financially all but dead , so funding would be necessary . 
  [ here 's an article comparing the two . 
  ] ( http://america.aljazeera.com/multimedia/2014/3/russia-ukraine-militarycomparison.html ) the sum of it is that russia wins and wins big . 
  yes a well planned and structured defence makes things tougher , but not so much that ukraine makes any difference to the outcome . 
  all they would end up doing is justifying further action against themselves . 
   restart the german nuclear plants , plan for more ... italy could build their own in a couple years . 
  that 's a couple of years without gas . 
  so minimal electricity , industry and heating once its colder again . 
  presumably a much more difficult recession will return , as well as the other consequences of no heating . 
  one that 's not as easy to recover from . 
  the uk people , generally speaking , do not understand the european parliament 's role in the european union . 
  the uk/eu debate is not that in depth . 
  its easily summarised as `` brussels taking our powers away '' . 
  uk politicians barely ever refer to the ep . 
   if that was the case , all foreign companies would be based in ireland . 
  no they would n't . 
  tax treaty networks are far more complex than this . 
  they affect different companies in different ways , depending on their industry ( an example is different levels of taxes levied across europe on the same products ) . 
   dublin has created a nucleus that is attracting internet companies and talent there . 
  tax is not the only reason . 
  it seems we agree on this . 
  tax is n't the only reason . 
  i expect it to be a pre-requisite to creating this nucleus though . 
   us companies could save a lot more tax in eu countries other than ireland . 
  highly unlikely . 
  taxation is n't as simple as registering a company in a certain country . 
  it 's a mass of complex operation in different countries . 
  [ starbucks is registered in the us , switzerland , the netherlands , the uk , and presumably holds money in many tax havens offshore . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/10/15/us-britain-starbucks-tax-idusbre89e0ex20121015 ) the other benefit to being in dublin/ireland is agglomeration economics . 
  if all those companies are there , so too is the relevant staff ( multiple companies also increase the likelihood of emigration ) . 
  tl ; dr the tax lawyers know what they 're doing . 
  its far more complex than effective corporate tax rates . 
  drone wars would presumably be a case of economic strength vs. economic strength , and russia loses that one considerably . 
  that is , unless they make it more than simply a drone war , at which point we 're all fucked . 
   so maybe not as many people will die this time . 
  that 's a very interesting thing to look at . 
  would more people die in a russia vs. the west war than if russia was simply allowed to occupy crimea and/or some other territories ? 
  i 'm not by any means allowing russia to occupy said nations . 
  we thought about it : [ operation unthinkable . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_unthinkable ) that it did n't happen is a sign of how fatal is would 've been . 
   the problem with this strategy is that it inconveniences people who call you the most frequently so the work phone is definitely getting bought in romania . 
  i agree . 
  this is about as far as i 'd want to be involved . 
  sanctions will happen and i support that , but in the event of a full blown war i do n't want to see my country send anyone of our own in . 
   european accounts can not be secret . 
  austria , luxembourg , liechtenstein and switzerland all have secrecy laws . 
  add to that combinations of holding companies and tracing money in other countries becomes very difficult . 
   i think economic measures ( like restricting access to property owned by citizens of that country ) are a perfect response before a military response is taken . 
  i agree economic should come before military undoubtedly .
