   those who ask us to spend more are crooks and thieves . 
  the way around this is to focus on which nations are not spending enough . 
  nato military spending is overwhelmingly disproportionate . 
  the author is advocating europe examines its spending in case the usa does n't stick around . 
  he thus makes a very good point . 
  thank you !, 
  care to explain ? 
  on a diplomatic level they will converse in english , i.e. 
  at nato . 
  but the average troops will speak their native tongue . 
  european army or not , many of our member states do n't have big enough defence budgets . 
  the uk and france are the big majority in european defence . 
  others either are n't big enough or are too non-commital to hard power . 
  the us steps in because most of europe chooses to free-ride its defence . 
  it was sarcasm , though the point holds true . 
  the uk certainly benefits from british soft power , in particular cultural exports due to the prevalence of english . 
  however , to respond to your point : * germany is a massive exporter of weapons , also to many of the world 's shittiest regimes . 
  selling to said shitty regimes has been a key and unique feature under chancellor merkel ) . 
  [ the merkel doctrine . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/german-weapons-exports-on-the-rise-as-merkel-doctrine-takes-hold-a-870596.html ) * three of the top four are major weapons exporters ( france , germany , uk ) . 
  * two of the top four have nuclear weapons programmes ( uk and france ) and one of them hosts nato nukes ( germany ) . 
  so there 's clearly some pretty interesting oversights in your analysis . 
  the german attitude to weapons exports is about the same as the uk and germany has no problem engaging in the nuclear programmes of its allies . 
  my apologies then . 
  i swear i have read multiple things about polls asking whether people would sign the union act if it were given to them tomorrow ? 
  am i talking shite there ? 
  i am conflating world cup games with european championship games . 
  since 1966 , germany has knocked england out of the following : * 1970 wc , 1972 euros , 1990 wc , 1996 euros , 2010 wc germany also beat england in the last game at the old wembley and caused england 's first defeat at the new wembley . 
  i also imagine texas as the most american of states . 
  its a cliche snapshot of all the stereotypes ( good and bad ) that are the usa . 
  the uk however , is absolutely not the cliche snapshot of all things european , as you seem to correctly indicate . 
   there would be no chance of the british electorate voting to join this is a very different question though . 
  the only poll showing ` yes ' to scottish independence was an snp one asking something like `` would you sign the union act if it were presented to you tomorrow ? '', 
  the answers are fair enough , but it does n't reflect scottish independence anymore than your statement reflects british views on europe . 
  i wonder how much the uncertainty over scotland and the uk/eu is affecting things . 
  stability is central to financial recovery and growth and we have two potentially huge destabilisers ready and waiting . 
   the fact that the simple pro-eu comments win the upvote battle against the simple anti-eu posts is n't that important . 
  a pissing contest . 
  its a problem in that the discussion then become mundane as people reply to useless posts with more useless posts . 
  posts where the top comment is something insightful or useful , whether its praise or criticism , often leads to a much better thread . 
  i 'd give an exception to a non-insightful post that is funny , but only that . 
  geert wilders in the netherlands is also married to a foreigner . 
  a hungarian in his case . 
  it seems a strange coincidence that the biggest eurosceptics have benefitted in their personal lives from the free movement of peoples . 
   and it 's easier to see the uk in a more positive light given it 's large cultural exports . 
  iranian nuclear weapons programme vs. one direction . 
  yeah because being beaten by england is the story of all german world cups ... 
  eu going for the populist criticism of the banking industry again i see . 
  ironic that they love criticising everyone else for being populists . 
  i do n't think we bow to brussels at all . 
  however , i 'd rather be bowing to brussels than moscow . 
  and evidence would suggest almost all of the european former soviet union would agree . 
  if you read my argument in the first place , i said that real wage growth is a competency of the german government , not the eu . 
  the whole debate was about whether the eu or euro is to blame for things like the level of salary , social mobility or welfare in eurozone nations . 
  german wages are oddly low given the success of the country , especially in recent years . 
  that this is changing is good , but it still does n't hide the fact that they were lower . 
  that 's why said poster exists , that 's why things like a minimum wage formed a part of the most recent german election . 
  obviously not paltry wages , though it seems this is n't an [ unpopular view . 
  ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/8/7340/11007805706_0d422b2199_z.jpg ) considering germany is the leading economy of europe , its average net in euros is behind : switzerland , norway , luxembourg , denmark , uk , sweden , finland , austria and belgium . 
  right . 
  my point was that if germany wants to up its real wages , that 's germany 's decision . 
  that the continent may have suffered as a result is an entirely different question . 
  and yes , low wages in such an advanced economy has given germany a competitive advantage in the eurozone . 
  i agree with you on that . 
   i would hazard a guess that global multi-nationals increasing profits whilst stagnating wages and tax havens like ireland/lichentenstein etc. 
  are to blame though which puts it firmly back in the fault of the eu . 
  taxation is firmly a competency of the member states , not the eu . 
  there is no eu income tax , no eu corporate tax . 
  germany could alter its tax levels if it wanted . 
   you 're conflating the eu with the euro . 
  germany no doubt benefits from the euro more than any other . 
  france also benefits massively though , which le pen fails to address . 
  the difference between the french and german state is much more than who the euro benefits . 
  le pen 's remedy is nevertheless quitting the entire eu , not just the euro . 
  so in terms of criticising her , no , i 'm not conflating the two . 
  on the topic of the eu , france also benefits incredibly from cap . 
  care to explain ? 
  even if you are correct in saying the eurozone explicitly facilitates a situation whereby germany could curb all real wage growth in germany , that decision still fell to the german chancellor alone . 
  merkel and schroeder before her could have stimulated real wage growth . 
  if they have n't , that 's their fault . 
  not brussels ' . 
   where did you get that from ? 
  or are you attempting to put words in my mouth . 
  my question was whether you believe the lack of increase in german real wages is the fault of the euro . 
  le pen criticised the euro and then used the lack of real wage growth in germany as an example ( despite also saying germany is the only one benefitting from the euro ) . 
  the two do not have a correlation . 
  if germany is profiting so much from the euro , then german mps should be questioned more on why that profit is n't benefitting the average german . 
  the eu is not at fault for a lack of wage growth in germany . 
   it 's a failure of representative democracy and social mobility again , that 's a uk problem , not a consequence of the european union ( which is what le pen makes it out to be ) . 
  i fully agree that barriers to entry in uk politics are astounding and should be altered . 
  but reforming or quitting the eu is not the solution to that problem . 
  the two are completely irrelevant . 
   compared to what ? 
  george bush 's election where his brother literally counted his votes in the deciding state ? 
  and this is the leader of the free world and the leader of nato etc. 
  again , irrelevant to the european union , which is the source of all that is wrong for le pen in this interview . 
  the sum of it is that le pen finds issues that may well need addressing ( the eu should be reformed and barriers to entry in politics need to be addressed ) . 
  however the source to all these is to blame the eu for them , then prescribe quitting the eu . 
  there 's minimal , if any , correlation between the eu and many of these problems . 
   for most germans real wages and living standards have not risen for 20 years and you believe this is somehow the fault of german membership of the euro ?
