  they 've been stung . 
   they [ cypriots ] probably got smaller taxes cypriot income tax goes to a max of 35 % ( very low ) . 
  as you say , its better because of the expat / foreign rates ( 10-15 % ) . 
  further supporting you , income tax begins at $ 19,500 ( very high ) . 
  if cyprus now loses foreign tax income , or if it closes its tax loopholes altogether , what happens to cypriots ? 
  surely their taxes rise to counter this drop in revenue ( and to further bail them after this ) . 
  they wo n't be happy about that , they are n't happy about this . 
  but who do they blame and what do we ( the eu ) do about that ? 
  they were profiting from being a tax haven . 
  its good that we 've ended that . 
  except cypriots are going to be pissed off at higher tax rates that likely also begin at a lower threshold . 
  despite seeming to disagree with you , thank you for your post . 
  its making me think of things in a different way . 
  i agree with that in principle , and did debate it myself before posting . 
  the problem i have is that the only reason cyprus has their money is because it created certain market conditions ( i.e. 
  becoming a tax haven ) . 
  it seems a little hypocritical to me . 
  the cypriot government was ok with stealing other government 's money by being a tax haven , but now wants to punish those tax evaders it previously courted . 
  russian and british people are not the reason cyprus is in trouble . 
  their taxes actually benefitted helped the cypriot government . 
  i also worry because cyprus no doubt profited from its tax haven status . 
  doing this will surely remove confidence in cyprus , which in the long-term is bad for the nation . 
  it previously profited from its developed financial sector , 10 % corporate tax rate , and no withholding tax . 
  will investors want to go back ? 
  on second thoughts , that might be a motivation for the eu/imf in this . 
  they get to close a tax haven down . 
  the problem is that money will just go elsewhere ( gibraltar/lux/switz ? 
  tax evaders obviously wo n't start paying tax after this ) . 
  so , some other tax haven will get wealthier . 
  cyprus meanwhile , will lose an important industry . 
   catherine ashton ... responded to the anglo-french initiative by laying out the `` pros and cons '' of a lifting of the ban . 
  `` there were not any pros , '' said an eu source . 
  did they set this paragraph up to take the piss ? 
  i agree with her nevertheless . 
   most depositors may be cypriots ( ? ), 
  but the ones with large amounts of money in the accounts are foreigners , russian and british . 
   this way non cypriots will pay a huge part of the bail-out . 
  that looks very much like you are justifying this 6.75 % / 9.99 % tax because the majority of the $ 5bn it will accrue will come from russians and brits with a bank account in cyprus . 
   the ones with large amounts of money in the accounts are foreigners , russian and british . 
  so this policy is ok because now the cypriot bail out will be funded mostly by russians and brits . 
  not by the eurozone funds , not by the imf , not even , as you argue , by cypriots . 
  this tax amounts to an estimated $ 5bn . 
  6.75 % of an individuals savings is a lot of money ( hence the bank run ) . 
  but $ 5bn is nothing to the imf and eurozone combined . 
  i see your point , and to a large extent accept it . 
  you 're very right that cyprus had little alternative to accept this . 
  i expect the cypriot president was in the weaker position in these talks . 
  my objection is that this was always going to cause outcry . 
  given the powers that be must 've known this , and given they are also aware the common cypriot that worked hard , paid taxes , and made the intelligent and morally honourable decision to save his/her income , are they really the people that deserve to be bailing out their own country ? 
   there are measures in place to prevent people from withdrawing everything / transferring the money out of the country and yet the top post in this threat is from a cypriot that says atms are breaking down and ebanking facilities are crashing due to overload . 
   people with less than 100k in savings will only lose 6.75 % percent . 
  6.75 % is a lot to people . 
  that 's money they 've earned , already paid taxes on , and consciously chosen to save . 
  sure 6.75 % is a small percentage value , but in real terms , people are obviously pissed off at giving $ 67.50 for every $ 1,000 they have . 
  if 6.75 % was a small enough amount that people did n't care , then the eurozone en masse would be doing this , not just crisis riddled cyprus with no leg to stand on . 
  if all northern europe paid 6.75 % imagine how much that would raise . 
  make a big difference . 
  but guess why we do n't ? 
  that 's right . 
  people would object to it , and bank runs would occur . 
  seems like this cypriot president , eurozone and imf managed to create this in a dream land . 
  sure , the tax would work great in a perfect world where people want to lose 9.9 % of their money . 
  but , un fucking surprisingly , people do n't want that . 
  hence the mass withdrawals going on . 
  how did nobody predict that would happen ? 
  that is literally the first thing thought when i read this post . 
  what is latvia doing that the southern european countries are not ? 
  is their austerity more thorough , more widespread , more efficient ? 
  how was their crisis different to the southern european nations ? 
  why is he pleading for greater scope now , after being destroyed at the polls ? 
  accepting the austerity he personally implemented was necessary at the time , why was n't he more vociferous then about how austerity needed to not continue beyond that . 
  maybe then his coalition would n't have sucked at the elections , to everyone 's detriment . 
  i have no idea to respond to the ` conspiracy ' side of your argument ( current commissioners being us alumni ) , so i 'll leave that . 
  but i would think a non-eu education is beneficial . 
  life skills , mobility , different outlook , and cultural awareness are all benefits to erasmus . 
  at least according to the british council , [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.britishcouncil.org/erasmus_why_take_part.pdf ), 
  go to ireland and you get free cheese and rice it seems . 
  to fire rockets into mountains of snow . 
  blow up most of the snow , and use the ensuing fireball to melt the rest . 
  perhaps i 'm wrong . 
  but perhaps the hungarian government is thinking outside the box ... 
  i had no idea it was only 9 % . 
  thought it was higher . 
  thanks though . 
  south africans are the ones that shock me . 
  all the white people there are dutch . 
  the dutch have cheese by the boatload . 
  sir jeremy heywood , head of the civil service . 
  he 's basically the prime minister 's chief adviser , but not a politician or conservative party employee ( though cameron promoted him ) . 
  he 's advised pms before cameron , and will advise them after . 
  [ is sir jeremy heywood britain 's most powerful man ? 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/9606381/is-sir-jeremy-hewood-britains-most-powerful-man.html ) [ sir jeremy heywood - the civil servant propping up the government . 
  ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2012/dec/06/sir-jeremy-heywood-civil-servant-profile ) [ sir jeremy heywood - the most powerful unelected man in britain . 
  ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/sir-jeremy-heywood-the-most-powerful-751584 ), 
  so where would you place the massive levels of overspending by the government through before the 00s , and especially during the 00s after entering the euro zone ? 
  you do n't rack up such a high debt-gdp ratio through weak productive capacity , especially if you have successful public sector companies . 
  i 'd happily accept your argument , it just seems to be overlooking some important things that are greece specific . 
  i would argue the crises in different countries resulted in similar consequences ( large government debt ) , but came about in very different ways ( i would say greece , portugal and italy are similar , with different origins ) . 
  ireland is different altogether .
