  it therefore holds that the usa would be best placed to implement stronger sanctions . 
  yet they are pushing for some economic and trade sanctions . 
  bad sure , but not the economy crippling solutions some people seem to want . 
  do you not think that an attempt to cripple the russian economy might be a bad idea in the long-run ? 
  one that might hurt us a lot before it ( hopefully ) creates a better russia ? 
  very easy to see why no trade embargoes would ever be undertaken . 
  that would ruin all of europe , russia very much included . 
  i admit i agree with the vast vast majority of what you are arguing , especially the time frame . 
  the crucial issue for me is that both sides have reason to feel aggrieved . 
  the scottish scenario by comparison , is not like that . 
  of course many ` yes ' voters feel westminster does n't represent their interests ( instead being overtly london centric ) , but the difference between westminster vs. kiev and moscow is massive . 
   ukranian troops will be suddenly stranded and ukranian citizens in the crimea suddenly unrepresented . 
  i agree with this . 
  i would add though , that the ethnic russian part of crimea perhaps have good reason to feel aggrieved too . 
  yanukovych had been toppled for around 24 hours when russian was downgraded as an official language . 
  that 's only one thing , and is of course tiny in comparison to a military occupation , but its a bad sign . 
  the best situation would probably be a neutral occupation ( un troops , no puppet crimean government etc. ) . 
  give a matter of months to sort out and hold a referendum ( 30 days is n't enough , 1 year is too long given the state of affairs ) . 
  sadly , this will not happen though . 
   the difference is that crimea is under occupation . 
  i do n't know why some of you are so blind to that fact . 
  you really think putin is going to let it become a no ? 
  do n't you know he will commit as much fraud as necessary to make it a yes ? 
  of course he will . 
  recall that i said the following . 
   i stress that i do n't know though ( and the big ` if ' on fairness ) . 
  if it can be made fair , then i 'm fine with it . 
  the problem , as you rightly assert , is that making it fair is very difficult . 
   ethnicity is never , ever , a measure of sovereignty that 's fine , simply because the ethnicity of a region is never homogenous . 
  my question then , is what do you propose that works better ? 
  the crimean people deserve self-representation , in the same way the scots , catalans , falklanders and any other group of people do . 
  if they want to go with ukraine and deal with its problems , then let them . 
  if they want to go with russia and deal with all its problems , that 's fine too . 
  100 % of people will never be satisfied . 
  100 % never have been satisfied and never will . 
  the best we can do is satisfy a majority . 
  a * fair and proper * referendum would do that . 
   if the argentines in 1982 successfully held the falklands , allowed for a few thousand argentines to immigrate there and then suddenly called a vote , that would n't make the falklands suddenly argentine . 
  i completely agree with this , but there 's a crucial difference . 
  crimea is majority ethnic russian to begin with . 
  if russia has been emigrating russians from rf to crimea then the referendum would be invalid in my opinion ( its a clear attempt to sway it ) . 
  if the crimean population has n't been artificially altered in the past few weeks/months , then i do n't see what would be wrong with it . 
   while sentiments against the ukrainian governments are there , let us not forget that i doubt that the 12 % tartars , 24 % ukranians and a portion of the remaining russian population would be fully convinced of passing sovereignty to an equally bureaucratic russia . 
  this is the downside of referendums . 
  switzerland is in a situation with the eu right now that almost 50 % of people disagree with . 
  if scotland goes independent ( or does n't ) by a margin of 51 % to 49 % , then 49 % scots will be unhappy . 
  sadly , there 's no way to give everyone what they want . 
  there never is . 
   it 's not . 
  not according to ukrainian law , nor international law . 
  ukrainian law seems to parallel spanish law in that respect . 
  i find it frustrating because it seems to kill the opportunity of self-representation . 
  what is the international law ? 
  i was only aware of self-representation ? 
  again , if its not fair or it is very biased ( which is a distinct possibility as we all know ) then i do n't support this . 
  he might well be . 
  undead and all ... 
  if this is fair and legal ( big if i know ) then what would be the problem . 
  between the falklands and scotland we 've been referendum and independence daft in the uk recently , so this seems alright to me . 
  i stress that i do n't know though ( and the big ` if ' on fairness ) . 
  so it does . 
  edited . 
  only us , uk and france this year . 
  is that not the complete opposite of what 's happening at present ? 
  the western nations ( uk/france/usa ) spend proportionally more on defence than any of the others ( i think greece are often above 2 % , presumably due to turkish/cypriot worries ) . 
  the eastern nations have consistently been the ones to miss the 2 % target , yet as you say , they are the ones most threatened . 
   why should the east have to pay for the defense of all of european nato members ? 
  again , poland and baltics vs. usa/uk/france . 
  the spending comes from the western allies , even still if you calculate it proportionally ( of course its unfair to compare like for like between latvia and the usa for example ) . 
  if the east is threatened , why are they missing the targets ? 
  its good but its still speculation . 
  the fact is printing money causes inflation ( not a bad thing if you know how to manage it ) . 
  qe does not require printing money . 
  the target however is 2 % . 
  in all fairness 1.9 / 5 % is very close , particularly during a global economic crisis . 
  then again , they are still consistently missing the target yet complaining about defence and security issues . 
  so zuckerberg could 've bought ukraine and had a few billion $ left over ? 
  that would 've been better . 
  good point . 
  that will be entertaining this time round . 
  ca n't really say russia is not a threat . 
  i 'd like to think some nations , poland and lithuania for two , will now bump spending up to meet the requirement . 
  read through the thread . 
  i ended up having to be pedantic . 
  someone is in charge of printing money . 
  if it were remotely possible to print $ 100 billion and not cause rampant inflation , that person should print the money . 
  second up , if that person needs some other people 's approval ( consensus/qmv/whatever ) then they should seek it . 
  they would get an affirmative 100 % yes . 
  the short of it is the ecb ca n't print money without causing some inflation . 
  why they have n't printed enough to get inflation up to 2 % is an entirely different question , and likely one with a very good answer . 
  it was n't . 
  printing money causes inflation . 
  that 's economics 101 . 
  thank you for posting that . 
  i was aware that printing money causes inflation , and what you say is of course very right . 
  where it differs to the above opinions is that quantitative easing does not require the printing or more banknotes . 
  the boe did not print more money in the 08-12 period . 
  here 's [ qe explained by the boe . 
  ] ( http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/monetarypolicy/pages/qe/default.aspx ) it was based on this that i was questioning ( when i should 've just rejected ) the suggestion of printing $ 100 billion . 
  that would almost certainly cause rampant inflation and would be a disastrous idea .
