  but we invented it . 
  yeah that 's what we want you to think . 
  we invented you . 
  it was during the empire , you know , when we invented literally everything else . 
  its because we invented the french . 
  for qatar , it has already been suggested the second choice venue would be a usa/canada combo . 
   the only thing amphibious assault ships can be used for , is invading countries with limited military capabilities . 
  you 're underestimating them massively . 
  the usa , for instance , has used them in un peacekeeping missions or on humanitarian aid missions ( e.g. 
  this has been done in bangladesh ) . 
  i do n't think most nations plan to invade other countries . 
  the question is if these things would be useful for future interventions . 
  greater military participation will surely become an expectation of germany should the eu further integrate ( though i am fully against anything close to unified forces ) . 
   they could 've at least published all eu countries on top of the eu average publishing the eu average instead of a single eu country is very interesting . 
  it gives an indication of where the union as a whole is headed if we further unify . 
  energy efficiency certainly looks good . 
  what would be more interesting now is a repeat study , but with all 28 eu members states + the eu average . 
   but we do not need a amphibious assault ship . 
  curiously , why ? 
  germany already has its own ? 
   if anyone in the eu should buy that ships , it is the uk or france themselfes . 
  nobody needs it , except russia . 
  least of all the uk or france , who are europe 's most well equipped nations . 
  it would be duplication , and in the uk 's case be an embarrassment to the british defence industry . 
  other nations i 'm expecting could n't afford it . 
  if not the unit cost , then definitely the maintenance and staffing costs . 
  the eu always figures in these things . 
  its the bloc 's average . 
  there 's no reason not to include it to be fair . 
  not to english speaking peoples . 
  in english its brittany . 
   an integrated eu military would mean specialisation an integrated eu military would also mean the bundestag has to lose control of that army , much like all other member states . 
  for it to be an actually unified armed forces , it would need a unified command . 
  that 's the chief reason why this is n't happening , because no single leader is going to be given the right to utilise soldiers from 28 different nations . 
   so what your saying is that every navy only needs 1 of each type of ship ? 
  what i 'm saying is the uk and france know exactly what their navies need , and are working towards that . 
  the uk is currently testing the last of six destroyer ships , is building a new fleet of astute class submarines , constructing the first of two qe class aircraft carriers , is researching the next range of frigates ( from 2020 ) , three large ocean patrol vessels , in addition to the trident ( nukes ) replacement . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/future_of_the_royal_navy ) and by `` one type '' you mean only british ( uk as an example ) then for this size of ship , that 's a resounding yes . 
  world leading defence manufacturers use their own on projects of this level . 
  this is true to the extent that [ bae ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-26668611 ) have even suggested leaving scotland if they vote for independence . 
  why ? 
  because the uk uses its own ships , which it makes in the uk . 
  the uk spent # 1bn more on its smaller qe class carrier than building us nimitz class for precisely this reason . 
  in short , british navy , british ships , british defence industry . 
   i am not aware of any difficult relationship , care to elaborate ? 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://www.foreignpolicy.com/posts/2012/06/29/european_defense_post_libya_towards_the_rubicon ) the short of it is they see each other as rivals . 
  duplication between nato and csdp is unnecessarily wasteful , but obviously nato wants stuff to go through nato and csdp through csdp . 
  the joke of it is its the same member states populating both of these organisations . 
   germans are extremely reluctant to do anything militarily due to past events ( ww2 ) and would rather keep its forces firmly within its land . 
  sure , but that does n't serve as an excuse . 
  if europe is to unite , then a war that is good enough for the uk and france is also a war that is good enough for germany . 
  that said , their caution is obviously a good thing as oppose to being all gung-ho . 
   well maybe you should look into these `` lesser '' equipped nations maybe they increased their budget and capability , but in comparison to the uk and france , the gap is still ginormous . 
  if its a choice between which nations need such ships the most , the answer is undoubtedly the ` lesser equipped ' ones . 
  there is no good argument to suggest the uk or france takes these ships , quite simply because their own strategic/defence reviews more than account for this capability already . 
  the ` lesser ' equipped nations much more likely do not . 
   also dont over-exaggerate the price of the mistral class ships do n't underestimate the cost of them . 
  maybe you buy them for ~ 600 million , but they require maintenance , staffing , updates , repairs and everything else . 
  recent news has brought up the uk 's qe class aircraft carrier , which was built for around # 1bn more than building a nimitz class carrier . 
  this is despite the nimitz being considerably bigger and more equipped . 
  why ? 
  because the overhead costs of the nimitz are ridiculously more expensive , e.g. 
  679 staff ( qe ) vs. 3,200 ( nimitz ) . 
  that 's one example . 
  so its all well and good suggesting other nations buy these , but the reality is far from that . 
  and if one is going to buy it , then surely the ones that are expanding their capabilities ( i.e. 
  those bordering russia as you used against me ) are the ones that need the extra ships . 
  that 's not true of this though , hence why europe is n't acting together ( and i fully agree that criticisms of europe not acting together are more than justified ) . 
  although i personally do n't believe russia is coming anywhere near invading an eu/nato state ( i find that a very sensationalist assertion that is usually supported by undermining the strength and trust of eu/nato , and using poor quality arguments to explain russia 's desire to invade and start ww3 ) . 
  nevertheless , even if russia did go full retard , they are n't coming anywhere near western europe or most of the mediterranean states ( for example ) . 
  its only the former soviet nations that have this fear ( understandably ) . 
  for that reason there 's no chance of us ` hanging separately ' or of the other oft used quote about us being hung with the role we sold to russia . 
  yeah but much less severe consequences for france , for example no jobs lost in france and continuation of a successful french defence industry ( both their own independently and not indirectly strengthening their rivals by cancelling the deals ) . 
  rewarding aggressive behaviour is also a stretch of an accusation . 
  these deals were signed long before the problems started . 
  cancelling the deals i would argue is a punishment for aggression of sorts . 
  its the exact same as europe 's solution to this problem has been all along . 
  we ( as individual states ) fully support action , but not action to be taken by us . 
  yeah i was n't aiming to patronise at all ( apologies ) , merely point to the current extensive bilateral collaboration between the uk and france , which is best summarised with lancaster house as the most recent . 
  these ships are n't necessary because the uk and france have such capabilities already . 
  yes , i viewed your link to csdp . 
  i 'm well aware of csdp , its similarities and differences to nato , and beyond that the , lets say , difficult relationship between nato and csdp . 
  and yes , i 'm aware of the battlegroups . 
  they do n't need the warships , they are n't big enough and do n't do enough to have billions of euros spent equipping them with these ships then promoting entirely new naval units to use them . 
  it would also not be uk ones using them because the uk builds its own ships and maintains its own massive and lucrative defence industry through this . 
  if there 's a solution to this , its for other less equipped nations to buy them . 
  if anything , this opportunity should be used to lessen the massive free-riding by most of europe on the military capabilities of france and the uk ( yes germany has a big and well equipped armed forces , but they do n't use them and they have next to no experience ) . 
  similar themes often pop up in these threads , that generally point to the european reliance on the uk , french and us militaries ( as the biggest and nuclear armed ) . 
  at the same time these nations ( us aside ) are often criticised for not doing more . 
  if the lesser equipped nations invested in these ships , that imbalance would be corrected , nato 's reliance on the us would be lessened and europe would be stronger all round . 
   i said a collaboration between france and the uk this exists , it was formalised as the lancaster house treaties . 
  a key part for both sides was that it was done bilaterally , i.e. 
  in no way involved the european union . 
  that way they can just sit there doing nothing , much like the real eu battlegroups . 
  its actually the most peaceful solution . 
   probably more like a couple of kebabs i hope and pray to see a guy running down the street with a burning hot cylinder of kebab meat in his hand . 
   and surely you see that the fact that the office of high representative exists shows there is a desire by member states to create a unified policy . 
  there 's certainly a desire for unified policy , but on a soft power level .
