  its also fair to say that fiscal independence helped contribute to the way it was hit , but then the fiscal unity of the ez was also imperative in the way the ez was hit . 
  and you are overlooking the severity of the crisis in the euro area by not including it in the chart . 
  here 's [ uk vs. 
  ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.cd/countries/gb-xc?display=graph ) the stand out factor is that the eurozone is significantly more volatile , with a much less steady recovery ( it is in fact declining when the data ends ) . 
   once the eu is taken as a single economic entity it is frightening on how many lists this thing appears as number one . 
  in my opinion it is both frighteningly impressive and genuinely frightening . 
  once we and the world takes us as one , our responsibility to other nations will increase dramatically . 
  the world will expect far more of a fully united europe and will be much more willing to criticise . 
  of course with that also comes the opportunity to make a genuinely fantastic and positive difference though . 
  so lets hope we are up to the task !, 
  [ the capital of the european union !, 
   what about the capital ? 
  brussels . 
   is brussels ok ? 
  no , but that 's a different discussion . 
   yeah , and that was because of the euro . 
  not because of bad politics . 
  aaaalright . 
  please do n't underestimate the importance of the euro when discussing the ** euro ** crisis . 
  everything you say is correct . 
  but , a key difference is canada started from zero , whereas the eu is building something new out of centuries of diversity , history and rivalry . 
  secondly , although the eu and canada might both be seen as unions/federations , they are n't a like for like comparison . 
   it 's the price of peace , federalism , and a common market . 
  we 've had peace in the eu/weu/ecsc since 1945 . 
  if germany is one day the recipient of the wealth redistribution that it currently gives to greece , then so be it . 
  the greeks will be expected to come good with that ( obviously presuming their economy is by then strong enough to do so ) . 
  there 's no reason why greece would n't be able to do so ( again , its own wealth permitting ) . 
  the uk 's recovery rate ( and future growth predictions ) versus that of the eurozone is however a very strong argument . 
  a large part of the reason the uk is in this position is because it has complete control of its currency . 
  the boe only needs to satisfy the uk , which is much smaller and less diverse than the eurozone in pretty much every sense of the term . 
   these problems can be solved with a federal european fiscal policy . 
  a european fiscal policy is very difficult to justify on a practical level though . 
  wealth transfer from germany to southern europe is already seen as a problem and a european fiscal policy would almost certainly expand that number . 
  add to that increased wealth transfers from france , benelux , austria etc. 
  but the uk ( boe ) has absolute control over the pound , whereas its influence in the ecb would be one of 19 countries ( current 18 + uk ) . 
  the bureaucratic black hole likely refers to the sometimes unbelievable number of bans , restrictions , gradings and everything else the eu is infamous for . 
  whilst some maybe necessary , other reek of paternalism and/or making law for the sake of it ( the recent olive oil example being the most famous ) . 
  verhofstadt for one campaigned to reduce this sort of bureaucratic overload . 
  [ here 's an article giving some examples . 
  ] ( http://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/4053/eu-regulations ), 
  i 'd agree but i strongly doubt the motivation is there . 
  you indicate part of it when showing german pacifism . 
  clearly the value of selling two ships to russia means more to the french as well . 
  as for the uk , well , the uk is phenomenally war weary right now . 
  not to mention the state of uk-eu relations ( though in fairness the uk has been committed through nato ) . 
   do n't feel like doing it anyway when they 're protected by the big boys regardless . 
  it would help if this was n't the case , but this is precisely the problem now . 
  the baltics arming themselves only elicits one response from russia . 
  and its not backing down . 
  i 'm confused . 
  i think its impossible for europe to significantly arm itself without russian retaliation . 
  you disagree with me , but you think confrontation is inevitable because `` russians always invade '' ? 
  it sounds like you very much agree with me ? 
   especially if paired with good diplomacy . 
  i 'd love to agree with you , but i fail to see a scenario whereby europe arms itself and russia does n't care . 
  europe arming itself is also going to be centred on the central and eastern nations ( i.e. 
  the ones that feel most threatened by russia ) . 
  germany , france and the uk are already amongst the world 's finest in terms of military equipment . 
  so then the question beckons , how do you convince the russians that although the baltics and poland are arming themselves , that 's got nothing to do with moscow ? 
  the whole reason this conversation exists is because of russia/ukraine . 
   looking at military budgets i think we have a lot more room for that then they themselves . 
  sure europe might have more money , but its clear many nations do n't want to spend it on military increases . 
  our economy is fragile enough at the moment that i agree with them . 
  if you want to go down the route of seeing if an arms race works . 
  in my opinion its a dangerous idea with nothing to gain . 
  it does n't make us any more independent of russia because we still buy their energy . 
  gaining further independence from the usa because of russia is also non-sensical . 
  what 's the value added ? 
  if its confrontation , i choose to avoid it . 
  if there is confrontation , then i choose to be with the usa rather than against it . 
  and when the opponent is russia , we will be with the usa . 
  i agree that europe has little say and that should not be the case , but its a tough line to walk . 
  europe would need to become more independent of the usa ( but still very closely aligned - especially vis-a-vis russia ) , which also means arming itself . 
  as far as russia would see , that 's europe arming itself . 
  that would be retaliated against , quite likely by russia arming itself . 
  we learned the consequences of arms races on that scale nearly a century ago next week . 
   it leads to the eurocrisis blaming the eurocrisis on slow integration could n't be more simplistic if it tried . 
  though i see your point and agree the slow nature of integration made the crisis worse . 
  funnily enough , you blame the uk for much of these failures , whilst your example of the eurocrisis did n't involve the uk at all . 
   one swift blow would be better what is a swift blow ? 
  completely empowering the ep versus domestic parliaments ? 
  empowering the commission or council president over member state leaders ( in a decade that means juncker 's - lets just assume its him for simplicity - replacement ) ? 
  no member state politician or leader is going to accept dramatically reducing their powers in such a way . 
  go beyond the purely political , lets say that move is empowering the eu to control tax levels . 
  that 's going to be opposed by a whole host of nations . 
  or banking secrecy laws ( austria calls these part of its culture ) . 
  move to the military . 
  a european military can not be created in such short notice . 
  germany is too pacifist to allow its troops to fight wherever the french , british or ( increasingly ) polish would like to see them fight . 
  that 's one example . 
  are neutral countries like ireland and sweden willing to completely break their neutrality ( not to mention becoming nuclear armed nations by virtue of the eu being a nuclear power thanks to france/uk . 
  tl ; dr i think in theory your idea makes sense , but in reality i strongly doubt it . 
   which even if they do n't like it , they would understand . 
  that 's never how it works regarding arming yourself though . 
  if european nations started considerably increasing their defence budgets and equipment , the russians would never simply accept and understand . 
  similarly , if russia started arming itself far more , neither would we . 
   a fast , radical push for the us of e would lead to an even faster exist of the uk and the eventual collapse of the whole construct . 
  this could n't be more true . 
  i 'm all for the eu ( not really usoe ) , but if federalists want to progress they need to do it slowly . 
  i hope not as he seemed overly keen on arming up as soon as crimea kicked off .
