  of course in many banking systems a large portion of money comes from overseas ( lets use london ) , but london 's financial markets are incredibly diversified . 
  since 2007 different markets have gone from strong to weak and back again , but the diversity of the market has allowed it continue . 
  cyprus had one thing going for it , and that one thing failed . 
  now its fucked . 
  to me it is n't normal for a banking system so important to the country to be so disproportionately reliant on one single financial service . 
  a sector so important to a nations economy should be far more sophisticated and diversified , especially if its risky . 
  indeed i have . 
  apologies . 
  edit : got the wrong publication so i just deleted everything . 
  decided to leave my name here in shame . 
  this is n't a normal banking system either . 
  whilst a lot of cypriots will eventually comeback to the banks ( where else can they go ? 
  ) , the majority of money is overseas wealth . 
  those people wo n't be coming back . 
  cyprus might become an intermediary between london and moscow , but nothing more . 
  actually the eu did set parameters that nations had to meet before being allowed to join . 
  several of those nations rushed through reforms to meet these parameters , maybe artificially . 
  those nations include ireland . 
  other nations failed to meet the parameters , but still wanted to be part of the club . 
  those nations include italy and greece . 
  greece was rejected and had to wait a few more years . 
  the bundesbank and bundestag wanted to keep italy out too , but france and prodi convinced germany to back down and allow italy to come into the euro . 
  point is , these nations knew they had to reform . 
  germany actually wanted a smaller $ club that did n't include the unreliable economies . 
  had germany had its way back then , this crisis would n't be as bad . 
  and the question needs to move from what ` these countries knew ' to ` what its politicians wanted ' . 
  the euro has ruined the greek economy , but it has also made a few select politicians extremely wealthy . 
  greece would n't be anything like the state its currently in had it not been rife with corrupt politicians and widespread tax evasion . 
   abolishing those would be a step in the right direction that depends entirely on your view of what is in the public interest . 
  even the german government is now moving towards a minimum wage . 
  [ merkel 's cdu are campaigning for it . 
  ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2011/10/30/uk-germany-labour-iduktre79t27n20111030 ) if germany eliminates this competitive advantage it will be better for the eurozone and to germany 's detriment . 
   what ? 
  no , it 's the opposite this depends entirely where power lies in this game . 
  the present state is that europe has high unemployment . 
  europe is seen as one due to eu labour market regulations and free movement . 
  so you 're absolutely right about supply and demand . 
  the problem is there is a great demand for work , but little supply of jobs . 
  that empowers the employer , not the worker . 
   we do can change and get rid of are the man-made restrictions such as the minimum wage and other policies which act against the free market and serve only to promote unemployment . 
  again this comes down to competition . 
  we could either abolish minimum wage everywhere , or have a minimum wage everywhere . 
  government 's are moving towards minimum wages ( see above for the cdu 's new policy of it ) . 
  the free market is great , but there are areas where it should not be prioritised . 
  according to many government 's , minimum wage is one of those areas . 
  in the usa the minimum wage for the ` better ' states is higher . 
  its also worth adding that the eu is trying to be about more than just an economic zone . 
  if it were merely economic , and people were ok with that , then we 'd be looking at managing the decline of nations like greece and portugal in order to transform them into more useful regions ` for the benefit of europe ' . 
  eu investment would be predominantly in the regions that are most profitable , which would make nations like greece and portugal major net contributors and nations like germany major net beneficiaries . 
   i do n't understand how you can still support such a short-sighted measures because the argument is significantly more complex than we are discussing . 
  the vast vast majority of nations have a minimum wage ; ultimately the benefits greatly outweigh the costs . 
  government is about more than mere neoliberalism and sending everything to the free market . 
  there 's more to it than whether there is a minimum wage or not . 
  minimum wage , or lack thereof , explains some of germany 's success . 
  but we also have to account for natural resources , industrial capacity , population , geographical position ( maybe its easier to transport goods to europe from germany than it is from greece ) , risks of investing in a country ( germany is a safer bet than greece , portugal and spain for many different reasons ) . 
   then the rest of europe is to blame . 
  though there are plenty of other eu countries without statutory minimum wages . 
  you 're right here in that the rest of europe would become more competitive if there were no minimum wages . 
  though wages , again as you argue , are only one part of the argument . 
  if there 's no competition between countries in terms of wages , then there will be elsewhere . 
  welfare state , crime rates , education , geographical location ( resources and transport links to other countries ) . 
  for instance , a factory in greece , portugal , or cyprus gets screwed because transport costs to the rest of the eu are massive . 
  that 's simple geography , let alone the lack of infrastructure . 
  maybe all this supports your argument , but it ultimately comes down to germany  europe ( i 'm british btw , this is n't blind patriotism ) . 
  you think we are reliant on germany now , just wait to see if the euro implodes . 
  the bundesbank ran european economies pre-emu . 
  and unlike the ecb it was explicitly in german interest . 
   lower average wages but it would also lead to higher average incomes . 
  minimum wages are about benefitting individuals , not the state 's average . 
  you also need to analyse what these workers are doing to earn their different salaries . 
  if its different jobs then they might earn different salaries with or without minimum . 
  if its the same job but with different companies then competition will cause wages to decrease to the minimum . 
   the greater disparities appear when you restrict some people free movement within the labour market a natural problem of the eu . 
  yes there are theoretically no restrictions , but in reality people from greece do n't want to move en masse to germany . 
  its a different country . 
  that 's way bigger than moving from south carolina to michigan , then to california or massachusetts . 
  you may argue that 's another problem of the eu , i agree it is . 
   bad for business ? 
  bad for the unemployed worker , you mean !, 
  yes bad for unemployed workers , we agree on that . 
  also bad for business because they ca n't employ as many people as before . 
  this is why sweat shops exist . 
  1,000 workers on $ 2 a day are more productive than 500 workers on $ 4 a day . 
  the effects of minimum wage laws on business are the foremost reason why we outsource jobs to india , china , philippines etc. 
  the drug point was a tag on at the end . 
  you 're absolutely correct , its just something that is used . 
  funnily enough studies show that increasing minimum wages actually increases crime amongst youths and migrants ( the groups that suffer from minimum wage increases ) . 
  i 'm amazed that there is an apprenticeship for becoming an ` oven builder ' as this wiki says . 
  in which case this graphic is terrible . 
  either ireland 's bailout should be reduced by $ 17.5 bn ( which coincidentally is more than the entire cypriot bailout , i.e. 
  eu/imf + cyprus ( russian oligarch ) contribution . 
  or the cypriot bailout should be increased by $ 5.8 bn . 
  not to mention that the eu/imf were not the only other contributor to the irish bailout . 
  the british , swedish , and danish governments also chipped in a few billion . 
  so ignoring them makes the eu/imf look even better than they are . 
  bastards . 
  all this does is reaffirm my belief that the irish really did take one for the team !, 
  and they did it without kicking up a massive fuss and burning effigies of merkel , or whatever other nations have taken to doing . 
  a mixture of personal belief and economic arguments that a minimum wage is a good thing . 
  * if i was arguing against myself i would look into whether the lack of a minimum wage has led germany to have a disproportionate number of foreign workers .
