  maybe you realise their journalistic flaws , but many people agree with them . 
  that wo n't make farage pm , but its not good for the rest of the parties . 
  cyprus and iceland are similar in the gdp vs. deposits sense ( both are stupidly high , well iceland 's was pre-crisis ) . 
  the difference is the icelandic economy is more diversified beyond this . 
  it has more exports , and its exports go to a variety of countries instead and is not over-reliant on one nation . 
  cyprus , unfortunately , is reliant on greece . 
  cyprus has gas reserves it may now lose . 
  iceland has oil reserves it owns . 
  iceland also has renewable energy by the fuck ton , which remove a major cost from its economy ( and provide future export possibilities . 
  there are similarities . 
  my worry at least , is how good cyprus can diversify itself . 
  if it drops out the $ and loses its financial industry it becomes more reliant on other industries ( and thus on the single market ) . 
  does being out the $ affect this ? 
  where will its other industries come from ( gas is some , not all , and it might also lose that ) ? 
  these are the unknowns being gambled with . 
  that 's politics for you . 
  publicly they 're in it together , but behind the scenes they are careerists that despise each other . 
  look at the us republican primaries before their election . 
  romney , gingrich , santorum et al. 
  spent months saying the rest were idiots , then once romney won they all got behind him as america 's saviour against evil obama . 
  we have it in the uk with the milibands and labour . 
  ed became leader , then his brother david disappeared from the face of the earth . 
  analysts believe david would rather take a backseat to ed 's failure then david takes the spotlight and becomes pm . 
  his own fucking brother he wo n't help out !, 
  people seem to mistake the european union as solely cooperation . 
  whilst there is indeed plenty of cooperation , and plenty of wonderful things that have come from the eu , it also provides a fantastic platform for competition between nations . 
  your point alludes to that , which is something that seems to be overlooked . 
  germany does n't have a minimum wage ( though the cdu is proposing one now ) , and has no doubt attracted business for it . 
  ireland is a corporate tax haven and obviously attracts business for that . 
  the only difference is that germany 's competitive advantage is far less risky , as we are now witnessing in the contrast between it and ireland/cyprus . 
  but sub-prime mortgages are so reliable , i do n't understand ... 
  i think the crux of the argument is the osborne is doing the right thing ( keynesian ) but in the wrong way ( using the sub-prime model ) . 
  so go out and buy a house and save our economy . 
  but if you default on your mortgage and the country gets plunged into deep recession , well , do n't say we were n't warned . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  for the sake of context the singapore situation cam up due to ongoing racial violence after malaya became independent from the british empire . 
  somewhat worse than the england/scotland relationship !, 
  whilst i fully agree with you , there is precedent :  on the morning of 9 august 1965 , the parliament of malaysia voted 126 -- 0 in favor of a constitutional amendment expelling singapore from the federation . 
  [ history of singapore . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_singapore#separation ) and look how good singapore is now !, 
  3rd in gdp per capita in the world according to the imf . 
  malaysia is 57th by contrast . 
  [ there 's no shame in being 3rd to luxembourg and qatar in this . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( ppp \\ ) _ per_capita ), 
  strauss-kahn a few years back , lagarde yesterday , now sarkozy today . 
  are there any other french people leading the world that we should know about ? 
   this contrast suggests that the main reason for britain 's inability to stabilize its debt burden has not been any lack of fiscal effort but , on the contrary , the impact of excessive austerity on economic growth . 
  ok , so austerity needs to go . 
  excellent . 
   while osborne repeated his mantra that `` you ca n't cure a crisis caused by debt with more debt , '' he will now do exactly this by creating a british equivalent of government-guaranteed fannie mae mortgages to offer what the u.s. would describe as `` sub-prime loans . '' so our solution is to offer sub-prime mortgages . 
  had it not been for those then we would n't be doing austerity in the first place . 
   this new policy can be criticized on several grounds -- for example financial imprudence , or inflating house prices or unfairly subsidizing borrowers -- but excessive austerity is not among them . 
  well this definitely ends well . 
   take over real estate assets from the state and the church of cyprus maybe if russia buys the church of cyprus then the donations can go to putin , the lord and saviour of cyprus . 
  in addition to the money the eu is providing anyway you think ? 
  and ? 
  every nation has its tax avoiding elite . 
  the differences : * germany is n't asking for a bail out from the eu , * even if it was , germany 's economy is n't based on being a tax haven . 
  this article shows germany 's economy is as strong as it is in spite of these tax avoiders . 
  if they came back to germany then it would be even wealthier . 
  midday on week days . 
  obviously avoid commuter time in the morning and evening . 
  avoid weekends as people will take family trips etc. 
  then ( if you must travel on a weekend , again go for midday because people will begin their trip in the morning and return in the evening ) . 
  and given your preferences find the silent carriage . 
  most if not all trains have them and they are usually clearly marked ( and ask at stations when buying tickets if you need help ) . 
  tomorrow will be interesting . 
  the bear does n't fuck around !, 
  * gas reserves ( worth way more than $ 5.8 b ) ? 
  * russian naval base in cyprus ? 
  * russia assuming control of cypriot banks ? 
  * cyprus guaranteeing deposits over $ 100,000 then paying it all back ? 
  people ( and i mean readers : cypriots , non-cypriots , pro-eu people , eurosceptics ) will look at every stage of this process and decide who is to blame for it . 
  they will then pick and choose the one that supports their argument . 
  * this decision was taken by the cypriot president : his fault . 
  * brussels does n't want to make concessions for a tax haven : cyprus ' fault . 
  * brussels willingly let the known tax haven into the eu and eurozone : brussels ' fault . 
  * lead role taken by germany : therefore angela merkel 's fault . 
  i do n't know if you , or others , think i 'm being sarcastic . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm british and i genuinely find this funny . 
  edit : do n't worry ( and thank you ) . 
  i did n't think it looked sarcastic , but was worried by the down votes . 
  i just assumed it was non-brits that did n't understand this is how we operate . 
  without your response i never would 've realised . 
  its stuff like this that makes me love britain . 
  going out of your way to abuse some politician . 
  edit : i think people think i 'm being sarcastic . 
  i 'm not . 
  i genuinely find this funny . 
  the fact we did n't see this coming is something of a cyprise !, 
  maybe we are looking at this the wrong way . 
  it ca n't be that bad [ right ... ] ( http://cdn.theatlanticwire.com/img/upload/2011/09/13/s_p15_0rtxul0r_thumb.jpeg ), 
  a few days ago she was telling cyprus to stop engaging in money laundering . 
  takes one to fucking know one . 
   putin 's advisor sergei glazyev suggests cyprus should be `` under russian jurisdiction '' if it wants russian money i fucking love russia . 
  remember when greece said germany was acting imperial ? 
   angela merkel said the eurozone had a duty to find a solution for cyprus , but added that the country 's current banking system was `` not sustainable '' . 
  goodbye tax haven , hello tax increases . 
  that 6.75 % is going to look a lot more appealing a few years from now .
