  nations competing against one another ultimately led to the first world war . 
  that said , this is a very different era . 
  we are n't in a scramble for africa . 
   unfortunately , state sponsored propping up of inefficient sectors undermines this . 
  but when it 's done right europe can have particular efficiencies . 
  this is absolutely the way forward though . 
  this is done best with the eu . 
  the problem is that the eu is slow , complex , and too difficult to reform . 
  we all know cap needs reforming massively , but france is n't about to let it happen ( one example ) . 
  my opinion is to stick with the eu but to streamline its bureaucracy . 
  if only ... 
  care to explain how i 'm attacking the messenger ? 
  i 'm stating the known pro-conservative perspective of the telegraph . 
  [ here 's some evidence of that . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_daily_telegraph#political_stance ) i then try to explain the logic behind their article . 
  not criticising it . 
  source is important here . 
  the telegraph ( torygraph ) is pro-conservatives . 
  the british right is getting split by ukip . 
  like or loathe the eu , ukip is having a dramatic effect on the entire british political spectrum . 
  their presence is making it much harder for the conservatives to retain power , hence their shift to the eurosceptic position . 
  for whatever reason its probably a good thing to try and argue germany is undergoing the same problems . 
  maybe it legitimises tory euroscepticism . 
  its not just whacky brits . 
  if this survey includes some low end curry houses then i expect nothing less . 
  its `` shocking '' that they lied , then again we 've seen undercover restaurant tv shows all our lives . 
  this happens , especially in the cheaper ones . 
  this survey should 've gone into the takeaway kitchens and examined cleanliness too . 
  that would 've found some interesting results . 
  go to nice restaurants and i 'm sure this is rarely if ever the case . 
  i hope ... 
  depends on sources . 
  also , none of us ( us or them ) have ever test fired a missile that distance before , so the reality is we have no idea . 
  it was the same in the cold war . 
  the us and ussr had all these icbms they claimed could travel halfway around the world before hitting a pin , but of course , testing and estimations only go so far . 
  without live examples we just do n't know . 
  its a part ( minor ) reason why the us loaded missile bases in europe/asia . 
  they ca n't guarantee launches from the us ( save alaska , nowhere near moscow ) . 
  they could all but guarantee from places like turkey . 
  i find that type of map is also great for explaining certain flight paths that almost do n't seem logical when you look at them on a normal map . 
  you do n't think the russians would be of any assistance here ? 
  i think if this was a serious possibility they would be more than happy to shoot it out the sky for us when it comes anywhere near moscow . 
  i doubt they 'd sit back and let paris , berlin , london wherever take a direct hit . 
  that would n't be terrible for them and us . 
  all of this involves the great hypothetical thought that nk had the technology to pull this off , but if they could ... 
  this is true . 
  the military leaders likely divert his attention with sausages . 
  you 're very right , they probably would n't . 
  as i say , i 'm not at all worried . 
  stupidity got them this far ... 
  i do n't think europe actually needs to . 
  the usa long ago volunteered itself for that one . 
  it supports south korea and i 'm sure would love to have another pro-usa state on china 's borders . 
  for that reason i 'd expect china to also interfere , not to support nk against sk/usa , but at least to ensure the subsequent nk state is pro-china . 
  depends if north korea decides its sending one of its nukes our way ( the taepodong-2 , they think , can reach anywhere in europe ) . 
  who knows what they 're thinking ... [ missile range . 
  ] ( http://msnbcmedia1.msn.com/i/msnbc/components/art/world_news/060622/ap_north_korea_missile.gif ) i 'm certainly not worried about getting nuked by nk . 
  edit : the comments below me reliably inform me we are fucked if nk sends something our way , unless it comes over the mediterranean , turkey , or israel . 
  all this of course grants a very favourable opinion on nk technology , but lets enjoy speculating it nonetheless . 
  edit 2 : maps - nk range depends where you go . 
  the first map i got came from globalsecurity.org , and i took it from msnbc . 
  others say they ca n't reach . 
  more stuff at globalsecurity says they can . 
  truth is nobody has a clue , not even nk . 
  neither they nor we have test fired a missile across continents like this , so we can only wait and see ( or rather , hope we do n't see ) !, 
  i fully accept all of that , its just an unfortunate situation . 
  its only a very very basic similarity , but both argentina and spain are suffering financial crises that have led to nationalist tendencies in this way . 
  i 'm sure ( i hope ) the similarity ends there . 
  if only that were the case with the current spanish government , who seem to take a slightly more hardline stance against gibraltar . 
  [ link . 
  ] ( http://www.panorama.gi/localnews/headlines.php?action=view_article&amp;article=9957&amp;offset=0 ) in particular :  margallo stressed that spain wants to return to the question of sovereignty , but such negotiations would have to be between madrid and london - and that the uk should not give ` the authorities of the colony ' the right to veto such conversations . 
  i believe that is also what is written down in the un charter under the principle of self-determination . 
  if only the spanish did n't want gibraltar back , maybe then we could ask them to troll the argentine president . 
  in addition to those happy nice words not being included , the juxtaposition near the top right managed to place `` fuck greece '' together . 
  its a sign ... 
  you know , such things can be arranged friend ... friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend . 
  you 're probably absolutely right about that . 
  i think cap is outdated so will hear any criticism . 
  it depends what your view of it is . 
  if its purely economical then yes , let the small ones go bust and invest in corporations for economies of scale etc. 
  if its a romantic notion of small businesses and that sort of thing , then keep the small guy going . 
  either way , try telling the french that . 
  its their foremost subsidy so they 'll argue against anything and everything that threatens to take it away . 
  i personally would like to see major reforms to cap and reinvesting it elsewhere . 
  support the newer central and eastern states with it , maybe help spanish/greek farmers as their countries are struggling . 
  but beyond that invest in industry , technology , things like that . 
  cap was created in the post-ww2 aftermath , during the mid to late 1950s . 
  it was done so because europe was struggling to produce enough food to feed itself , so was very necessary . 
  that reason justifies itself of course . 
  theoretically it should be for the same reasons today . 
  but we all know europe is n't going to go hungry . 
  any hunger in europe is n't the result of food shortages , its political or socio-economic problems in a certain country or a certain demographic . 
  nonetheless , that is argued as the major benefit of cap . 
  it helps protect smaller farmers . 
  most cap funding goes to big corporations , but whatever small funding does reach the little guy helps . 
  the corporations part needs reforming massively imo ( cap is sold to us as funding small farmers , most of it ends up with nestle and other such companies ) . 
  environmental reasons . 
  cap is structured to give farmers that avoid using chemicals more . 
  again , that one justifies itself . 
  wow i had no idea guilty verdicts took so long .
