  those who do not need a formal education ) . 
  what is the minimum wage for a factory worker ? 
   do you want someone without a degree playing doctor ? 
  this is a stupid point and has zero to do with the argument . 
  doctors need medical degrees as pre-requisite qualifications and knowledge , not because it earns them more salary . 
  having a minimum wage would n't change this . 
  can two people in the same role offering the same level of output be paid different wages because one of them has a degree whereas the other one has more experience within the industry ( by virtue of working rather than studying ) ? 
  that 's a form of discrimination by education level . 
  but what are those levels ? 
  in france the minimum wage is $ 9.43 , belgium is $ 9.12 , the netherlands $ 8.53 and the uk # 6.31 ( $ 7.67 at present ) . 
  that 's for all people regardless of education level . 
  yes it would be france 's problem . 
  for every moment they threaten to quit the eurozone , the eurozone will become weaker and more unstable . 
  france will , along with all eurozone members , take the bullet for that for as long as france remained indecisive about its future . 
  if this threat got them their way then it would come at a great financial price to the entire eurozone . 
  not to mention the heavy price they 'd pay in terms of the rest of the eu trusting them . 
  going as far as quitting the eurozone would also be terrible for them . 
  they 'd take some the above mentioned financial problems while they decide , then take even more of the trust problems after quitting . 
  thirdly , look at the uk quitting scenario we hear so much about . 
  everyone knows the uk stands to lose from that , at least in the short-term . 
  france would stand to lose even more from quitting , simply because they are far more integrated within europe than the uk is . 
  germany does n't have a minimum wage . 
  that in principle shows it to be a significantly less fair society . 
  not that the uk would be some miraculous bastion of social and financial equality . 
  the situations are now completely different . 
  unlike 1987 the euro is now in play , meaning if france threatened to quit it then it would cause havoc for the eurozone . 
  ukraine if they 're in it . 
  so how does it work that the german spy services knew about and assisted in conducting these operations ? 
  this is far from opposing and far from being neutral on the matter . 
   if german institution helped them that does n't make the behaviour of the nsa any less wrong . 
  it does n't make the behaviour of the nsa any less wrong if the nsa were going to spy on germany anyway . 
  but that the german institutions helped certainly alters the amount of blame one can put on the nsa specifically . 
  it means they had clear permission to do what they did . 
  yes , except the french statement is for the uk to leave because the uk 's view is different to every other nation ( which inherently assumes all other nations agree with the direction integration is taking ) . 
  what you are arguing is not wrong , the french statement is . 
   yes , sometimes they do agree , but pretty much every one of them got different view of what eu should and should n't be . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  take the eu budget negotiations , in which the uk was part of an 11 strong coalition . 
  in areas such as currency we often pair with denmark and sweden , in energy with poland , in many other things with the netherlands ( that 's one/two examples per area . 
  i 'm sure there 's more countries as well ) . 
  the major difference is historic . 
  when france initially blocked uk entry part of the reason is the uk had a vision closer to germany 's and more distant from france 's . 
  we are still closer to germany than france in this respect . 
  its also interesting to note you say each nation has a different view of what the eu should be ( meaning everyone opposes and supports different things ) , but france only sees fit to question the uk vision . 
  the french reaction is completely shit . 
  britain is not the only nation that has opposed certain aspects of integration , just the biggest . 
  they will probably be more powerful in terms of number of meps if they are two distinct countries ( mep allocation being disproportionately favourable to the smaller nations ) . 
  they will also have two votes on the council as two separate nations , and each be given commissioners . 
  this is very true . 
  its annoying as shit when people think otherwise , as if the commonwealth nations have n't established any trade of their own in the past 40 years . 
  rather , they wait for mother britannia to take them back under her wing ... 
  the problem with it is we have the complete opposite government to that . 
  they are very dedicated to placing the blame for being poor squarely on the poor . 
  they 're the complete antithesis to helping poor people when they 're in need , which is why food bank usage has shot up and why they 're trying very hard to privatise things and cut costs wherever possible . 
  there 's also the possibility of visa free travel , which means ` x ' amount of days in the eu without a visa ( e.g. 
  in the usa its currently 90 for british citizens ) . 
  it depends what the necessity of the company is and what sort of arrangements were agreed upon as terms of exit . 
   i do n't think norway is allowed to let in french people at the same time limiting access to bulgarians . 
  you are correct . 
  here 's a map of [ visa requirements for bulgarian citizens . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cc/visa_requirements_for_bulgarian_citizens.png ) * blue = free movement * dark green = visa free * light green = visa on arrival * purple = visa online, 
  it seems like the crisis has made them rethink some of the consequences of giving out so much funding seemingly without effective due diligence . 
  perhaps the eu turned a blind eye in order to reap the popularity benefits , and now the crisis has made the eu exceptionally unpopular , they need to address that . 
  its their own fault , shame they are n't the ones facing the consequences . 
  most of what you 're saying sounds like the corner has been turned and the eu is now going about doing the right thing vis-a-vis corruption . 
  but unfortunately it means a shit time for portugal during that period . 
   that just requires more batteries . 
  i dare say the problems/issues germany identified with its nuclear facilities is somewhat more than needing more batteries . 
  for one , the question of what to do with the waste persists . 
  nobody has feasibly answered that yet . 
  this is all well and good , but listing the military might of the west serves no real purpose . 
  all those weapons you list are great , but at the push everybody ( russia and the west ) is fucked . 
   sure europe would have to diversify energy sources and spend more on their military . 
  this is so much easier said than done . 
  diversifying energy is a long-term project , so russia will be hugely important to europe for the foreseeable future no matter what . 
  hopefully europe has now realised military budget cuts were a bad idea , but they also face the problem that rearming too quickly can be provocative . 
  yes its in response to russia 's actions in ukraine , but its a situation that requires gentle treatment nevertheless . 
  at what point has one crossed the line into ` milking a genocide ' if i can paraphrase your post ? 
  again though , just ignore the post if you have no interest in it . 
  that will lead to it getting buried . 
  or people will comment on it , in which case there 's an interest in whatever the post is about . 
  that is the very principle that underpins reddit . 
  1.5 million deaths and he has the gaul to make more than one thread ... what 's your point ? 
  ignore it if you 're not interested . 
  the irony of which is that it will then turn into a mass criticism of the five eyes ( especially ) and france . 
   more soldiers . 
  this seems a rather counterintuitive policy goal to the concept of making war obsolete . 
   capitalism without borders this is achievable with far less than what you 're ascribing to blair et al. 
  free trade agreements , the eurozone etc. 
  all exist in a world and within a continent that has borders . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm all for criticising tony blair . 
  but you seem to be doing so at a level much much higher and more abstract than what is necessary . 
  thank you . 
  an interesting distinction does seem evident between the nato-russia council and german training of the traditional russian armed forces . 
  here is the nrc 's activities :  cooperation on terrorism , proliferation , peacekeeping , theatre missile defence , airspace management , civil emergencies , defence reform , logistics , scientific cooperation for peace and security . 
  my interpretation of personnel training in this instance would be personnel that are active in those areas , which are markedly different from the training centres in ops link ( the validity of ops link is still very much questionable , as you earlier demonstrated ) . 
  as an example , even during the low points of the us-russian relationship in the past decade , cooperation on counterterrorism has remained strong . 
  i would doubt ongoings in ukraine will dent us-eu-russian combined efforts in counterterrorism for example , where that action is beneficial for all parties . 
   similar programs exist ( or existed till recent events ) in several nato countries including us , uk , and mentioned france . 
  are you suggesting that the us , uk and france have all engaged in programmes to train russian troops ?
