  or do you have a problem with the very concept of predictions ? 
   only if by ` exact same ' you mean ` very different ' because they can not legally seize assets as they like . 
  very true . 
  they would n't be doing it legally , but they could still be doing it . 
  please note you are responding to a post about the yukos case , not ukraine . 
  if the judgement today in the hague were to take into account what is happening in ukraine , that would be unfathomably corrupt . 
  but to respond anyway :  i dont think you understand the meaning of `` sanctions '' . 
  read the post i responded to . 
  here is the quote i was replying to , note the seizing of assets : * if russia resists , state-owned assets can be seized internationally *  well , them sending a constant flow of weapons , fighters and money to `` separatists '' all born in russian with a russian accent , uniform , wage and gear , to invade eastern europe does indicated an end to diplomacy . 
  use of the word * all * suggests you are saying the rebels are solely the russian military , i.e. 
  there are no ukrainians involved ? 
   if you do n't want eu aligned countries de facto punching you , do n't de facto send tanks against them . 
  diplomacy 101 . 
  prior to last week 's atrocity the eu countries were de facto bending over rather than punching . 
   how could you know that ? 
  maybe with the euro , the uk would now be looking at a 32 % projected growth rate . 
  for the uk to so dramatically affect ez growth ( and i appreciate the 32 % was sarcastic ) , it would need to be , by far , europe 's biggest economy . 
  the point is the uk was able to use the boe to heal one fully unified economy of 63 million people , instead of 17/18 vastly different and not fully unified economies , consisting of c. 332 million people . 
  whereas the future looks bright in germany and benelux , in greece and spain life is still shitty ( unemployment being atrocious ) . 
   ( a lot of people have been pointing out that qe is leading to the same kind of bubble that caused the 2008 financial crisis ) . 
  i guess we wait and see . 
  the problem is the alternative ( i.e. 
  the ecb method ) has n't brought the ez fully out of crisis and it still looks a little precarious . 
  if the eurozone had recovered , just not as well , then i 'd say its a fair criticism . 
  at the moment though , the ecb has no place to criticise other central banks . 
  there is an air of sour grapes in it all unfortunately because economists at that level are too proud to admit their mistakes if ever they make them . 
  what from all those times the muslims have conquered us before ? 
  i 'm yet to come across the irish caliphate in my own studies of history , but please enlighten me . 
  nobody will start seizing assets , not from a nation the size or importance of russia . 
  that would amount to severing diplomatic ties ( certainly depending on what is seized ) , which is a bad idea . 
  plus russia could do the exact same back . 
  what sort of global muslim conspiracy theory did you pull this one from ? 
   well having 3.2 % for such short time is n't exactly reason to get medal yet . 
  of course not . 
  but its better to have 3.2 % as a projection than anything less than 3.2 % . 
   with so many trade partner with euro that uk have , adapting euro ca n't be bad for you . 
  adopting the euro would not be bad , but not adopting it has been even better . 
  focusing solely on financial/monetary policy , the uk has benefitted from not being in the eurozone , chiefly in its ability to recover much quicker and not having to throw money at southern economies . 
  the simplest example is the comparison of quantitative easing the boe ( uk ) and fed ( us ) have done . 
  the ecb can not engage in proper qe as it is politically contentious in such a union ( i.e. 
  which of the member state central banks do you buy from ) . 
  that is a few years old . 
  nowadays , * [ imf predicts britain 's gdp growth rate will surge to 3.2 % by year end ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2014/jul/24/imf-predicts-britain-gdp-growth-rate-surge ) . 
  * [ is uk set to claim europe 's economic powerhouse title ? 
  ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2014/07/24/business/is-uk-set-to-claim-europes-economic-powerhouse-title/ ) the cnn title is a bit dreamy , but the projection for the uk is still exceptional right now . 
  the uk last week passed its previous economic record ( set 2008 ) , meaning the economy is now bigger than its ever been . 
  before we even come close to discussing what should or should not be done with israel and hamas , note that neither of them have killed hundreds of europeans / eu citizens with anti-aircraft missiles . 
  the russia sanctions were somewhat paltry until a horrific incident directly affected us . 
  mostly norway , but increasingly qatar . 
  in 2012 our imports of natural gas were expected to increase considerably [ by 2015 ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2012/09/19/uk-energy-gas-britain-imports-idukbre88i0j620120919 ) . 
  i see no reason why that should have changed since then ( if anything , gas has become more volatile thanks to events in the middle east and now russia ) . 
  norway however , is as stable as you like . 
  we had the world 's longest gas pipeline with them , the [ langeled ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/langeled_pipeline ) , prior to nordstream at least . 
  i can only speak for my own country , but whilst we do n't know what being in the eurozone is truly like , we can speak about what being out of the eurozone is truly like . 
  and given the uk 's rate of recovery , post-crisis growth and growth projections , it is no surprise the uk is so opposed to the eurozone . 
   your universities in the uk have more foreign students precisely because of your language . 
  and they also have much more money , which they invest in education across the board . 
  both sciences and liberal arts . 
   of course on the short term and focusing just on universities , it is more beneficial to adopt english . 
  but as i said , you pay a price in the value of your own language . 
  a value that brings you profit in many areas . 
  the university makes decisions based solely on what benefits the university . 
  if there are negative consequences to this , then legislation on it will have to come from above ( as the french do ) . 
  offering courses in english means more foreign students . 
  these people will be bringing investment to munich , will likely embrace the german culture whilst there ( as all foreign students do ) , and will either stay in germany thereafter ( benefitting germany ) , or will go back home , taking with them established links to munich and germany . 
  that 's all positives . 
  on the question of loss of culture , is teaching an engineering degree in english really that much of a loss to german culture ? 
  why will it ? 
  we do n't know who the shareholders of yukos are/were ( apart from khodorkovsky ) . 
  gml/menatep is run by tim osbourne , who is most definitely not a russian oligarch . 
   culture , and language in particular , generate money . 
  not for the university . 
  for them , having more foreign students , especially those that pay tuition fees ( non-eu ) generates cash for the university . 
   university is free for everyone in germany someone pays for it , namely german taxpayers . 
  and is it free for non-eu students ? 
  making the courses in english will increase the number of foreign students . 
  on a purely financial level , if non-eu students pay tuition fees , that means more money . 
  there are other benefits too . 
  international networks will develop from the university 's alumni for example . 
   i think it 's a shitty move . 
  on a cultural level , quite probably . 
  on a money level , its a wise move . 
  i could n't work out whether the butthurt level was the number 0 or the :0 emoticon, 
  any team that draws with the faroe islands is n't going to go very far : /, 
  that 's fair enough i guess . 
  its the quality of those competing though . 
  that 13 comes down very quickly considering nations like germany , spain , france , england , italy , netherlands and portugal qualify almost every time . 
  then in reference to your earlier post , how does kazakhstan think it has a better chance of qualifying for anything by being european ? 
  or is the decision motivated by money ? 
  what is jdf ? 
  99.99 % is a paltry amount that reflects nothing . 
  [ 107 % people in chechnya voted for putin ] ( http://www.newser.com/story/141159/in-chechnya-107-turnout-for-putin.html ) . 
   maintain current budget as a target  unified pool of military funds to pay for everything . 
  but surely you can see why this wo n't work ? 
  france spent $ 58 billion on its military last year , lithuania spent $ 668 million , malta $ 58 million . 
  i ca n't begin to tell you the many many problems that would cause , especially whn another part of the argument is this :  unified grades and chains of command ( e.g : a baltic general can order french troops furthermore , the size difference in these armies means the majority of fighting is going to be done by the bigger ones . 
  so your example ( and following on with the russia case ) would lead to a baltic general sending french troops to fight russians . 
  it just does n't work , i 'm afraid it is that simple . 
  and i have n't begun to explain how impossible a sell that would be to the french ( or to the pacifist german military that is all but controlled by the bundestag ) . 
   to run back all out troops at least a year in it .
