  that way cameron can say he won back power from brussels and the eu can keep one of its biggest members and net contributors . 
   the photo makes her seem imposing and almost ` french ' you 're kidding right ? 
  it would be just as easy to say she looks imposing and therefore ` german ' . 
  obviously the uk is the kid who makes friends in a different year , then leaves them for his new friends in the same year . 
  when he realises he does n't like his new friends , he pines for his old ones , but they 've moved on . 
  now they 're friends with the american exchange student . 
  i never would have arrived at that conclusion . 
  and to be fair any photo of a politician could be skewed both ways . 
  take the photo above . 
  she is speaking and appears very authoritative ( the use of her hand shows a certain dominance ) . 
  one conclusion to that is she , a brussels bureaucrat , is an authoritative and intelligent person . 
  the type of person who knows what they 're doing and hence belongs at the top of the commission . 
  other people have opposing views , but she 's intelligent enough to cut through that and do what is right . 
  the second conclusion is that her dominance and authority represent someone who believes she is right and does n't entertain the views of others because hers is better . 
  she , as a brussels bureaucrat , represents someone at the top of the commission who is only interested in implementing her view ( ever closer union , federal europe etc. ), 
  and does n't care for the views of others ( no closer union , no federal europe ) as they are incorrect . 
  tl ; dr a picture can say many different things . 
  the point is that its clutching at straws about a photo ( which in all honesty is fine - its not some photo of her falling over or making a stupid face ) . 
   well england usually pretends to be in the middle of the atlantic in what way ? 
  i get that britain and the usa are closely militarily and in intelligence , but do british cities or people look or act culturally similar to americans ? 
  and in a way that is clearly american and was copied by britain . 
  i find this a sometimes very confusing accusation that is made very often . 
  what sort of photo do you want in order to change her appearance ? 
  i had no idea the fashion changed so considerably once someone entered the commission . 
   but as far as international geopolitics go ? 
  realpolitick rules the day . 
  european countries and the united states differ very little in this regard , with the only difference being the united states possesses much more hard power this is very correct . 
  there 's also a gross media misrepresentation from the snowden revelations that often overlooks the involvement of european nations other than the uk . 
  i 'll happily accept all this was led by gchq/nsa . 
  but we 've seen time and again the french , german , spanish , dutch etc. 
  governments being knowingly complicit . 
  its right the eu is voicing criticism of it all , but overlooking the actions of governments other than ukusa is ridiculous and delegitimising . 
  other than that its a case of the usa is the most powerful hence the most disliked . 
  that 's been the case for the world 's leading nation since the beginning of time . 
   interestingly , if i remember correctly , iceland is a country that has no army and relies solely on nato 's forces . 
  that 's true . 
  they make up for it by hosting regular nato exercises ( their useful geographical location helps that ) and by offering non-soldier contributions to conflicts such as medics in afghanistan . 
  i think its also a bit telling that the tories are constantly pursuing things that are either illegal ( their general benefits reform ) or highly unlikely to happen ( such as this child benefit reform , which requires eu unanimity ) . 
  it allows them to constantly remain active in their european policy without achieving anything . 
  its quite a dirty form of politics unfortunately . 
  ukip on the other hand would push for things that could happen , like actually straight quitting the union . 
  we need no help in doing that . 
  the media wanted desperately to find tons of romanians that were here for work . 
  with any luck they 'd find their golden goose , a scruffy looking man that says `` i 'm here for the welfare , fuck you all '' . 
  they did n't get what they were looking for . 
  one guy got photographed and interviewed by almost everyone . 
  interestingly though , it was n't just the anti-eu press . 
  they were all there . 
  the bbc made it front page and headline news that the door was now open . 
  all workers , regardless of origin , must be paid at least the minimum wage . 
  the issue of immigrants earning less than this is because some employers take advantage of them . 
  they are new to the country , possibly going through the stress of moving abroad and finding a new job , so are often thankful for the opportunity . 
  some may not want to ruin that opportunity by complaining , others may not know how to go about complaining as its a foreign country with a foreign framework . 
   maybe just having an unified military hq with a military council with all the defense heads from all of the participating countries can be a good start . 
  we have had this through nato for over 50 years . 
  each member state has a delegation of diplomats and military leaders there . 
  i do n't know to what extent member state representations to the eu cover military though . 
   i think there are some branches like procurement i fully agree with this and to some extent is does happen . 
  afaik one of the problems that arises is which company ( and therefore country ) gets the contract . 
  for example , if its a french company then the french benefit more than anyone and non-french defence industries take a loss . 
  there 's not much that can be done to alleviate this problem in light of joint procurement , which leaves us with a very slow ( slow for fair and good reasons - nobody wants their industries bankrupt ) process of integration . 
  manchester has the [ curry mile ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/curry_mile ) , which suggests indian food has been accepted pretty positively there . 
  but can the other parent ( who lives in poland ) also claim child benefit in poland ? 
  this would mean that child receives the uk child benefit and the polish child benefit , which is wrong . 
  if both parents lived and worked in poland or the uk , they would not be able to claim child benefits twice from the same country . 
  i believe there 's something also to do with us trying to develop our relations more with those nations than the eu ones . 
  cameron is desperately trying to attract investment from india for example , so dissuading indians from living in britain would be a bad idea as far as that goal goes . 
  once ukip go away or his electorate stop being anti-immigration . 
  cameron 's pro-eu , this is all to do with dwindling conservative party support . 
  opposition to immigration does not equate to xenophobia . 
  granted , some immigrants , despite moving country themselves , maybe xenophobic . 
  but its very possible that people oppose immigration solely because they fear it will be detrimental to their own careers ( such as through increasing competition for jobs and therefore decreasing wages ) . 
  its an indication that some people that are against immigration are not against it for xenophobic reasons . 
  some people will fear losing their jobs to immigrants , or at least seeing their wages drastically reduced because a bunch of people just arrived from overseas that are willing to do the same job for significantly less . 
  true , but then we must also expect luxembourg , the netherlands , belgium , cyprus , switzerland , liechtenstein , austria and wherever else in europe ( or nations connected to other european nations like bermuda is to britain ) to do exactly the same . 
  doing it on our own would just mean we lose this revenue to another tax haven nation . 
  it wo n't mean the world 's corporations all of a sudden start paying tax . 
  winning as they did last time is n't enough to hold a referendum according to current policy . 
  cameron stated they need to win a majority , which is highly unlikely based on all polls since the last general election . 
  current conservative policy states a referendum on the eu would not be held if the conservatives are in a coalition . 
  of course this policy may change in the future . 
  scottish referendum - 2014 uk general election - 2015 [ no idea how this changes if scotland votes ` yes ' ] . 
  eu referendum - 2017 [ currently only if the conservatives win a majority , which they wo n't . 
  expect this to change . 
  you also have to market your product correctly . 
  high quality software and tits do n't strike me as quality marketing . 
  either i 'm right or the next version of windows is going to be advertised a hell of a lot differently than windows 8 was ... 
  an article posted here yesterday spoke about how germany was pissed off for not being included in the ` nine eyes ' group for exactly the intelligence acquisition snowden revealed . 
  it went as far as alleging germany wanted to use the snowden affair to join this elite group . 
  nothing has changed and nothing will be changed as a result of all this . 
  any government that protested against other , as exemplified by germany , is lying even more to its population by faking upset . 
  the video quite clearly shows them trespassing if nothing else , though i 'm unsure if trespassing ( or the russian equivalent ) is what they were charged with . 
  if the shoe was on the other foot and we imprisoned some russian greenpeace equivalent activists for protesting a bp or shell rig , i fully expect our media to vilify the russian protestors for trespassing and being where they were not allowed . 
   every news article that comes from anglo media will always be negative about france . 
  i have no idea why actually . 
  english-french rivalry . 
  though admittedly , i find it a little odd that its still at the stage where our media are willingly critical of the french economy and high politics . 
  i would have expected by now the rivalry had deteriorated to football , snail eating and other relatively unimportant things . 
  we had this yesterday . 
  if what they say will happen comes true , then the uk will overtake germany .
