  the bbc published a very good article explaining the development of french foreign policy in africa and how it has developed , entitled [ central african republic crisis : another french intervention ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-25183377 ), 
  can we please not give the tories anymore excuses to rip apart our welfare system !, 
  they really do n't need the motivation . 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure they 'll redefine what ` food poverty ' is soon enough . 
  by next week we 'll be statistically the most over indulged nation in europe . 
  if the uk stays in expect us to strive to further the single market ( especially in financial services , where the single market is very much lacking ) and to reinvigorate csdp , where we already play a leading position . 
  contrary to popular belief , though the uk is clearly wildly eurosceptic , there are some areas where we try very hard to make integration . 
  [ a moral audit of the british empire . 
  ] ( http://www.historytoday.com/piers-brendon/moral-audit-british-empire ) i 'm not standing up for the empire by posting that , its just worthwhile to read . 
  in particular the comments re the british empire as oppose to the french , german , portuguese , belgian and any and every other empire that has ever existed . 
  its safe to say that most countries have committed awful acts . 
  i agree apologies should be given to all victims of empire , of which there are undoubtedly many . 
  my question regarding the link you post is how many other nations have apologised for their evils ( i 'm not saying britain has apologies more or less often - i do n't know if it has ) . 
  whether the boe is biased towards england or london specifically is irrelevant to the point i made . 
  that is that the snp clearly do not believe it has been biased towards london otherwise they would n't informally cede their monetary policy to the boe . 
  similarly , with regards to the ecb , the point still remains that one country can not influence ecb policy ( certainly not one country that is n't germany or france ) . 
  if scotland truly believes it can not influence the boe , where it is 1 of 4 , it has little chance of influencing the 17 member eurozone ( 18 with scotland ) . 
  i 'm not opposed to something akin to federal reform . 
  its pretty well known that scotland would vote overwhelmingly for devo-max if given the chance . 
  but if independence has to rally around national identity more than anything else then i 'd argue independence is n't the right choice . 
  as seemingly shown in 99 % of the polls . 
  really hoping someone in the british government makes the mistake of saying `` we should 've seen it coming '' in the next few days . 
   my personal preference is to join the ever reforming eurozone the bank of england governs the monetary policy for four nations . 
  the ecb governs the monetary policy for 17 different nations , including france and germany , two economic powers equal and/or superior to britain . 
  using a logic that says the boe is biased towards the english , what chance would an independent scotland have of influencing frankfurt ? 
  greece has been dying for a change in policy for several years and their cries for help still fall on deaf ears . 
  the boe has only been independent since 1998 , so anything before that is obviously not its fault . 
  but if scotland is willing to keep sterling despite the boe having total control over that , clearly the snp do n't feel monetary policy has been anti-scotland since 1998 . 
   the same applies to using the pound sterling . 
  the debate over scotland using the pound is n't about whether it can or can not , its whether its a good idea . 
  if scotland just decides to use it then the bank of england will have complete control over scottish monetary policy and scotland will have no say whatsoever ( believing that is the case anyway means nothing without evidence , especially not in a case so important as an independence referendum ) . 
  for example , if a situation arises where scotland needs a decrease in inflation or interest rates , but the uk needs an increase in those two , then the bank of england will increase them . 
  and scotland would have zero cause for complaint after that happened . 
  i 've often thought this . 
  russia is an example par excellence of failing to live up to your potential . 
  on the other hand though , the world would be so completely different if russia was 100 % transparent , modernised and efficient . 
  its like asking what the usa would be like if its military budget was redistributed . 
  as ever , that would be infinitely better than the current situation , at least with regard to long-term economic recovery and future stability . 
  however , as ever , achieving it will be extremely difficult . 
   the issue of schengen expansion intermingled with immigration issues , lampedusa , foreign workers , adding that the dangerous mix had to be dealt with carefully in order to avoid giving a boost to extremist movements which would propel europe in a dangerous direction . 
  sounds like its to stem right-wing parties dominating the ep elections . 
   cameron , the possibly infamous leader that somehow agreed to referendums on scotland detaching from the uk , and the uk detaching from the eu . 
  this will be the definition of cameron 's premiership . 
  he could have stabilised uk relations internally ( scotland ) and externally ( eu ) for a generation , which will be fantastic for the future of the uk in itself and on the global scene . 
  if we remain together and remain in the eu i expect we 'll engage a hell of a lot more with it . 
  or , he could be reason the uk imploded and quit the eu , thus leaving us a fractured mess . 
  less influence in every possible manner , and possibly many lost industries . 
   no the point is that only spying on the german population would be enough to track the movement of the chancelor as well i thought the main point of monitoring merkel 's phone was to see what she was saying , i.e. 
  in private conversations , messages or emails with other german leaders ( political , military , spy , whatever ) rather than her movement ( unless i 've misunderstood what you mean by movement ) . 
  would n't we all lose out if the trade deal collapsed ? 
  if the agreement was with a small nation who would benefit 10 fold from an eu fta ( as oppose to minimal benefits to the eu ) , then sure threaten to cancel it . 
  but the usa is n't going to benefit 10x more than the eu from this deal . 
  both parties will benefit substantially , therefore both stand to lose a lot . 
  am i correct in thinking that it was revealed the german population was being spied on , but merkel did nothing . 
  then when it was revealed merkel was being spied on , all of a sudden she was mega pissed off about everything ? 
  if so , then the agreement to only stop spying on merkel and the german leadership is absolutely consistent with german policy . 
  i do n't agree with that policy of course , but that 's a different matter . 
  the wiki provides two links ( in german ) saying the bnd monitored foreign data streams that passed through germany . 
  i do n't speak german , presumably these are only related to warzones ? 
  foreign data stream to me implied cables that passed through germany physically . 
  the link given by / u/southpads says the bnd cooperated with gchq/nsa etc. 
  in spying programmes . 
  they may well be a ` junior partner ' so to speak in this , but they 're still clearly aware its going on . 
  i would suggest searching bnd on this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_global_surveillance_disclosures, 
  the service sector is ` knowledge based industry ' . 
  the most relevant to london is obviously banking . 
  but because london 's banking industry is so big , it has also spawned a number of affiliate industries so to speak , that work closely with banks . 
  these range from other investment type industries ( hedge funds etc. ), 
  to legal services ( though these are also independent due to english common law being so internationally important ) and all types of consulting . 
  not all 75 % is internationally dependent , though that 's a startling figure nonetheless . 
  services also include government employees . 
  and of course , some bankers , consultants , insurers etc. 
  will work only with uk companies and clients . 
  in which case , change it to ` why are people still directing their outrage at one or two sources ' . 
  everyone is doing it . 
  so when the german/french government 's get mega pissed off with usa/uk for spying , despite spying themselves ( and assisting usa/uk ) , it really undermines their argument . 
  this is every reason why britain opposes any and every attempt to regulate banking , limit bankers bonuses , or anything that might harm the take-home pay of service sector employees . 
  regardless of whether people dislike the uk 's position vis-a-vis service sector reform , when its 75 % of your economy , that 's why we take that position . 
  lisbon brought in the changes and that was ratified by each member state individually , so there should n't be complaints . 
  however , the really big decisions usually require unanimity , and the council can not act alone . 
  the open europe article is very vague , which helps its euroscepticism because it can overplay the importance of the 1 nov changes . 
  i would be very surprised if the qmv powers are n't heavily exaggerated in that link . 
  i was curious about the same thing . 
  found this , which answers some of the question , not all http://openeuropeblog.blogspot.nl/2011/11/lisbon-treatys-ticking-time-bomb.html, 
  i agree that 's where the negotiation will be won or lost , but i see it slightly differently . 
  the uk runs a multi-billion # trade deficit with the eu . 
  if the uk leaves , the eu member states lose that . 
  of course the uk loses heavily too , though the removal of a deficit is much better than the removal of a surplus . 
  if the uk wants to leave but ends up having to stay because the institutions play hard ball , then i expect the uk to block any and every future integration opportunity . 
  having a member state that wants out but is being kept in ( which right or wrong , will become the uk 's position as it vilifies brussels - something we already do ) is greatly detrimental to further integration . 
  the more i see of this the more it seems the best outcome for the uk and institutions at least , is for the uk to retain the single market ( which benefits all parties and which the uk spearheads the completion of ) but quit the other aspects , in order to allow further integration . 
  the outstanding question is going to be what other options are open to britain should quitting the eu become even more of a reality . 
  possible answers include efta , renegotiating terms , or some form of semi-quitting ( i.e. 
  as much as britain definitely wants to retain some parts of the eu , the eu definitely wants to retain some part of british membership e.g. 
  our net contribution areas , especially csdp ) . 
  each of those mitigate the loss of this # 3,000 per family ( which is obviously questionable in itself , but that 's a different question for a different post ) . 
  i do n't expect an answer on any of these for quite some time , at least until a ) a referendum is guaranteed , or b ) something happens in the eurozone that sparks a significant piece of further integration . 
  i 've thought this for a while . 
  the ` in ' campaign just has n't started properly yet .
