  this is n't a personal attack on those that made the law . 
  its a criticism of the competency of those that made it . 
  all policies have multiple consequences . 
  its the job of policymakers to identify all of those and act accordingly . 
  the abuse of this law was talked about in the press long before the policy was implemented . 
  asking why the policymakers chose to ignore it is a very valid question and is helpful . 
  if someone is n't doing their job correctly ( and imo missing these consequences is an example of that ) , they should be questioned . 
  do n't be so dramatic as to think this is some personal attack . 
   its not as `` black and white '' an issue as you are painting it here . 
  the same goes for your own argument . 
  there is another side as you correctly point out . 
  there is also the potential to abuse and misuse the law . 
  policymakers are paid to see all of these sides . 
  many of those places do n't have a nationalist or separatist attitude . 
  the un list is from a very controversial committee , [ which is here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special_committee_on_decolonization ) . 
  many of them have no other claimants either , so there 's no ` other ' to spark their nationalism or separatism . 
   but blaming the judges for following rules , made by the council of ministers , does n't make much sense . 
  the short answer is everyone that had something to do with the construction of this law should be questioned over a ) their motives or b ) their competency . 
  if that was the council of ministers , then them . 
  if it was their advisors/policymakers ( as i doubt cameron , merkel , hollande et al. 
  sat around writing this thing ) , then those people . 
  if lawmakers in the courts did it , then those people . 
  i fail to believe the european courts did not see this coming . 
  and if , by some chance , they truly did not expect this , i strongly question the competency of the individuals involved . 
  i was taking the piss and being cynical . 
   it 'd be europe 's biggest economy and wield greater political power as a result . 
  a power i 'm sure our leaders fully intend to exploit as a uk without scotland and without european union membership !, 
  milk with normal tea ( earl grey , breakfast tea etc. 
  ) , or perhaps camomile . 
  i 've never seen any heathens putting milk in peppermint for example . 
  there 's also personal preference as to how much milk , and debates over when to add the milk ( before or after boiling water ) . 
  that said , anyone who puts milk in the cup with the tea bag before the boiling water , is simply a neanderthal . 
  of course it does . 
  though i would like a definitive answer on how those benefits a ) are considerably superior to what we in europe have now . 
  b ) how those benefits would affect the average person in europe , thereby making their/our lives better than they currently are . 
  you need to spend some time in the daily mail comments section . 
  everything was better 50 years ago before these pc , lefty , liberal , health and safety blah blah blah country 's going to shit . 
   the initial response from most scots is : `` it 'll probably be shit '' . 
  this is the response no matter what . 
  independence will be shit . 
  union will be shit . 
  there is no plan that is n't going to turn out shit . 
   it 's expensive with few benefits this is every reason i do n't want the eu to federalise and try and make itself the counterbalance to the usa , china or whoever else . 
   maybe that 's because half of europe speak english ? 
  and they do n't need many translators from gb etc. 
  that 's not the reason . 
  it is usually that to work in the eu you need to speak two if not three languages very well . 
  british people have english down , but tend to be subpar on the others . 
  other nations have their own language and very often english as well . 
  and obviously certain countries naturally speak two or three of those languages at standard , e.g. 
   we are doing nothing wrong here , russia is . 
  try telling it to the parts of ukraine where they 're fighting in the streets . 
  just because `` we are doing nothing wrong '' does n't somehow make it ok that there 's a war going on . 
  [ national net wealth ] ( http://www.international-adviser.com/ia/media/media/credit-suisse-global-wealth-databook-2013.pdf ) , as shown in that report by credit suisse . 
  check the wiki for g7 as well , which describes it . 
  in a perfect world there is no problem with giving such an offer . 
  the problem is , as evident with ukraine , when russia does n't accept that its simply a better offer . 
  ukraine has its better offer signed and sealed , but also has what may as well be a civil war to accompany that offer . 
  that does n't make it ok , not even close . 
  the actions are certainly not as aggressive , but the logic is equally as poor . 
  i agree with dialogue and obviously belarus should be free to do what they want . 
  however :  we have to rip off them of the russians that sounds rather aggressive . 
  and is n't that an oft heard argument about what caused the current problems in ukraine ? 
  russia did n't like the association agreement and one thing led to another . 
  its not a good idea to start that same crisis in belarus too . 
   is n't g8 just a symbolic `` club '' anyway ? 
  yes and no . 
  having only the g8 ministers narrows down the topics of conversation to those things explicitly relevant to the g8 . 
  regardless of our opinions of russian politics or foreign policy , their energy strength and our energy dependency makes it very worthwhile to have them there . 
   it 's not like they do n't talk to russia anymore or anything . 
  the question would be when do you get the chance for this exclusivity . 
  of course there 's also the g20 , but then we also have the agenda of 12 other nations ( at least ) there , which considerably broadens the topics . 
  the most recent g7 meeting was the hague during the nuclear security summit . 
  that had about 50 world leaders there , but the g7 chose to hold their own meeting in addition . 
  that shows the necessity of such exclusivity . 
  following on that , i find it logical and a simply good idea to have russia in such a body . 
  meeting with them does n't mean agreeing with or supporting them . 
  it actually gives a chance for disagreement . 
  the crown dependencies are the two isles by the uk and the channel islands . 
  its the [ british overseas territories ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_overseas_territories ) that are spread across the world . 
  i believe there 's a un committee that considers them colonies . 
  i think you may have just imploded the uk . 
  it was an ` a ' grade effort , but with the crown dependencies thrown in too , ` a + ' sir !, 
  they should 've kept them there and scaled them up into real bridges . 
  especially because of their colours . 
  its both a tribute and a piss take !, 
  would 've been a nice addition to spijkenisse . 
  the reason they do n't is because some people think it would be bias towards those countries . 
  the bridges etc. 
  that are displayed are also fictional ( though largely based on certain specific locations/structures ) . 
  i think they should have real people , but have one per eurozone country and do it the same way the coins are . 
  then let the member states decide . 
  yes , though i was pointing out the uniting factor of them is that they are the world 's seven biggest nations in terms of national wealth . 
  gdp is an irrelevant factor in explaining the group . 
   there is no more g8 , it 's g7 now . 
  i 'm aware , and letting russia back in ( or anyone else ) would make it the g8 again . 
   they 're really not as major as it might seem from media smaller gdp than brazil who is also not a member of g7 ) . 
  the g7/8 is based on national wealth rather than gdp . 
  notice that china and india are not in it for example . 
  nevertheless , the economic importance of russia through european energy dependency strongly suggests they should have a seat at the table .
