   eating away at the credibility of the eu i can only speak from a british perspective , but that 's far less of a problem for us . 
  the reputation of the eu in foreign affairs is one thing , the reputation of the british entirely another . 
   with the ukraine crisis , this is a neighbouring country that has potential to be an eu candidate . 
  i fully agree with this , but it would be very interesting to hear the views of others . 
  we are talking at least a decade , probably substantially longer before that 's a reality . 
  personally i 'm all for it , should they meet the requirements . 
  the newer eu states are also acting this way because they feel personally threatened and/or personally understand what ukraine is dealing with . 
  that 's understandable for good and obvious historical reasons . 
  what 's interesting is those states have n't banded together , at least in any public sense . 
  surely poland , the baltics , the czech republic and any other willing member could form a very interesting alliance . 
  certainly one that carries influence in the eu and could possibly force the hand of the other member states . 
  yet there 's nothing of the sort . 
  i 'd also suggest the threat to eu member states such as poland is far less than they might perceive it . 
  again that 's understandable , but if true its good that the situation has n't been unduly escalated . 
  and in fairness , this vocal opposition is likely more because it is russia rather than another nation . 
  check out the allies from nato 's [ 2011 libyan intervention . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya ) check out operation ocean shield . 
  very similar list . 
  i 'm not using that to argue against whether you perceive the west 's actions as moral or not , but that the response of poland , lithuania et al. 
  maybe more than it would have been had the ` enemy ' been anyone other than russia . 
   france is not inhabited by elves using magical vineyards , it is inhabited by cultural elitists who have had a difficult time adjusting to a globalized marketplace . 
  in a globalised marketplace the us champagne equivalent could become the dominant sparkling wine in france , just do n't call it champagne . 
  call it whatever you want . 
  indiana lets say . 
  if a bottle of indiana is better than a bottle of champagne , people will buy it . 
  if its not , they wo n't . 
  the us objection to this comes from their knowledge that champagne , prosecco and whatever the fuck else has such protection also has a major branding advantage . 
  people prefer a bottle of champagne to a bottle of sparkling wine because of name , not because one is inherently better . 
  the simple solution is to call it something different and grow the brand that way . 
  that scenario does n't work out . 
  for instance , we are all well aware that champagne has to be made in champagne . 
  prosecco is the same , but from veneto , italy . 
  these are both types of sparkling wine , and anyone can make that . 
  the crucial point is brand and market value . 
  for all we know the best sparkling wine out there is from slovenia . 
  but because they have to call it sparkling wine ( or some slovenian name ) it does n't have the market value of a champagne . 
  ] ( http://www.coinside.ru/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/vga0rna.jpg ), 
  that 's about the sum of it yes . 
  their politicians have made a few statements condemning it and saying we should help ukraine too . 
  but then again , so has sweden , and the last war they fought was against napoleon . 
  perhaps i watch too much house of cards , but is there anyway the government deliberately leaks material this way . 
  i mean , why do it in a complex way when steve is waiting outside to catch a glimpse and take a photo with his iphone . 
   maybe countries that aspire to be called global leaders should do just that - to lead . 
  and in so many of the world 's events these nations do take a leading role . 
  they are the biggest donours to the majority of the world 's international organisations , including institutions like the un and icc . 
  [ here 's a list of nations by development aid . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_governments_by_development_aid ) and yet again you 're talking about the big nations doing things , but other nations not so much . 
  so many of the discussions in this thread has been about how people ca n't trust the big nations . 
  i 'm yet to read someone suggesting these nations that are seemingly continuously betrayed doing something about it . 
  maybe forming their own pacts within the broader alliances . 
  things similar to the ukusa special relationship or the uk/fr lancaster agreements . 
  yet nothing . 
  a uk and french embargo would be little more than symbolic and would hurt us more . 
  especially if other countries do n't follow , as you suggest it 's only uk and france that should act . 
  if other nations are upset at this in europe , perhaps they should n't free ride on the big nations . 
  it gives them no independence to act . 
  in which case the uk alone would be embargoing ( given the lack of threats from other nations ) . 
  germany seemingly not . 
  france seemingly not . 
  again , the end result is the uk shoots itself in the foot because russia 's economy would n't crumble without british trade . 
  the centrepiece of the british economy would lose an important partner though , and i dare say energy prices would increase for british homes . 
  you 're right . 
  what we should do is declare war on russia . 
  they can fight us with their french made ships ( from 2015 - i presume the war wo n't be over by christmas , that never happens ) that they paid for with all the energy they sell to the eu . 
  considering france wants to continue supplying these ships and germany does n't favour shutting its energy down , i 'm sure the russian war machine would crumble . 
  it is also our foremost industry , the one that runs our economy . 
  is it that surprising that we are n't willing to risk shooting down our own economy ? 
  did we not also declare war on germany in 1939 ? 
  fuck us right . 
  the uk is serious about putting pressure on russia , unless of course it harms the centrepiece of the uk economy . 
  i do n't see the controversy . 
  its not like france is actively selling russia warships , or germany is trying to not have its energy supply completely shut down . 
  the uk declared war based on germany 's actions in poland . 
  the phoney war that followed was time to ready ourselves ( gb at least , i do n't know about france ) . 
  walking straight into germany was seemingly not a smart move in the long-term . 
  added to this , the uk and france are far more dependent on russian business and energy than they were on nazi germany . 
  and thirdly , russia is nuclear , nazi germany never was . 
  if you 're wanting war , how is that supposed to happen without energy ? 
  yeah we have reserves , but they are needed for domestic use ( heating , electricity , powering the national grid ) . 
  not for war . 
   irrelevant . 
  not really though . 
  europe 's defences are nowadays based on the premise of cooperation and alliance . 
  continuing to duck from working together on foreign policy issues and free riding on the coat tails of larger nations is precisely why the eu is perceived ( rightly ) as a weak organisation . 
  you feel that 1945 and 2014 are similar ? 
  considering we have n't just finished a world war i 'd say the comparison was just a touch dramatic . 
  do n't you think france and gb sanctions would be a little tough to enforce when germany continues to import 100 % from russia ? 
  you really feel germany should have no place in this , and it should be a uk/fr exercise ? 
  i wonder if this will affect the ep elections . 
  on the one hand it 's another woeful eu foreign affair . 
  on the other , this seems to be a member state ordeal . 
  did the eu even meet yet ? 
  that 's due to the benefits of a us alliance . 
  obviously we would n't have lost otherwise , but time and operational efficiency dramatically improved thanks to the us . 
  that all translates into safety . 
   why ? 
  because money . 
  i agree its strange selling to a commonly thought of enemy , but i guess that 's not a problem for the french government . 
  i 'm more interested about the eu member state 's thoughts on the matter . 
  if the eu is supposed to be one unified group then france is selling weaponry to a nation feared by pretty much the entire eastern half of the union .
