  if it does n't happen , then they might not overtake germany . 
  its 16 years away , so there 's plenty of room for change . 
  uk might never overtake germany . 
  or the uk might overtake germany before 2030 . 
  why would the uk 's political system hinder its economic growth ? 
  the uk opposed the regulatory framework proposed by the eu , including ( famously ) the limits placed on bank bonuses and the financial transaction tax . 
  instead , it implemented its own new regulatory framework , the basics of which you can read about [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-21987829 ) it includes a watchdog placed within the bank of england , but perhaps more importantly one aimed exclusively at risky trading in the private sector . 
  opposing the eu regulations does not mean opposing all regulations . 
  this was a massive piece of misinformation by the media across europe ( including some uk establishments ) . 
  one reason is that taxes paid by companies based in london can ( and are ) redistributed by the government elsewhere in the uk . 
  in their defence , two of the three things there are quite indisputable :  the cebr in its report added [ ... ] that `` lesser dependence on other european economies '' would also aid progress , as well as `` relatively low taxes by european standards . '', 
  a reduction in the massive uk trade deficit to the eu can only be good for the uk . 
   as for france , the cebr said it will be one of the `` worst performing '' of the western economies , and will be overtaken by the uk by 2018 . 
  this is because of slow growth due to `` high taxation '' in addition to the general issues of eurozone economies . 
  france has been hit hard by the financial crisis . 
  perhaps not as catastrophically as some journalists have predicted , but still hit badly . 
  and higher corporate and income taxes are a contributing factor . 
  should the uk overtake the french economy , the eurocrisis will be a massive part of the explanation why . 
  what frustrates me about this is cameron probably already knew . 
  but he 'll twist his own version ever so slightly so that its something illegal under eu law ( such as his current proposals on benefits ) . 
  that way the eu will say `` sorry , you can not do this '' , then cameron can criticise the eu for interfering in britain etc. 
   this does not and will not affect obb unless they open businesses in the us in the future is this common practice anywhere else ? 
  it sounds like the us court would basically be ruling basically in absentia for a crime ( assuming the woman won ) that was committed in a completely different country ? 
  ww2 's terms were devised very much with the terms of ww1 in mind , as well as the very different post-war context . 
  in 1918 russia had been out of the war for months , so it had no formal role . 
  in 1945 the soviet union was the superpower that took berlin . 
  this set the stage for the cold war , so although its framed largely as occupying germany , part of the rationale was maintaining troops in w/e germany so the other side would n't run through and occupy the entire country . 
  a large part of occupation in 1945 was because of germany though . 
  an overwhelming anti-german feeling was due to war . 
  and then there 's the holocaust on top . 
  the [ negative sonderweg ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sonderweg#early_postwar_period ) theory summarises this . 
  war and genocide were seen sometimes as the natural culmination of what germany and germans were . 
  they 'd done it twice in two generations in the eyes of many . 
  economics were conducted better to be honest , and that 's the key . 
  instead of crippling repayments , german industry was reorganised to avoid rearming ( germany = war etc. ) . 
  but then those industries were quickly rebuilt due to the cold war , and a growing understanding of how crippling versailles had been ( in the west at least ) . 
  the allies understood it was better to make an ally of defeated germany than to keep it crippled . 
  there are still allied soldiers in germany today because of ww2 , but clearly they are n't offensive to germans . 
  for that reason i 'd much prefer the life of post-ww2 germany than post-ww1 . 
   britain seem to reject the whole system that 's not nearly true . 
  we are probably the biggest of the ` eurosceptics ' , but we have still favoured the european union for the last few decades . 
  most member states likely have a different vision of what the ideal eu would be , ours is merely the simplest of them all ( i.e. 
  a larger union , but one almost entirely around trade and the internal market ) . 
  further integration yes , we are undoubtedly against ( except for trade and the internal market - but not much is going on there ) . 
  example : if a member state proposes a single market for services , we would be the driving force behind that piece of integration . 
  and even then , our policy in general is to renegotiate terms and to consider whether some of the things we previously sent to brussels are better being handed back to the member states . 
  but even the suggestion of that is a blasphemous thought in many of the eu 's halls . 
   immigrants and bankers most likely . 
  yeah and considering the bankers , mostly at least , reside in london , i guess the eu will just continue to blame the uk for all its woes . 
   in my view , nobody will be talking about this in a couple of days ' time . 
  of course . 
  this is n't the end of the world for the eu or the uk . 
  nor is it a massive bonus to either . 
  its a small part in the puzzle , but a part that 's likely more beneficial to the uk than the eu ( at least in terms of the possible renegotiation of powers ) . 
  of course as an eu member , the downgrade sucks for the uk as much as any other member state economy . 
  the downgrade has come ( in part ) due to britain 's growing scepticism over its eu membership . 
  its therefore logical that if britain was fully committed to the eu , this would not have been a factor . 
  therefore also logical that even further euroscepticism is even more damaging to the eu 's credit rating ( not surprising given the uk is one of the top 3 economies in the eu and one of the biggest net contributors ) . 
   `` hi mr tajik criminal with connections to the president !, 
  i do believe you 've stolen my car . 
  as i 've travelled all the way to tajikistan , would you be so kind as to return it to me ? '', 
  yeah i do n't think people will be asking for it back . 
   no one really cares about this rating i agree the downgrade should n't be overplayed . 
  but people definitely care . 
  the commission have spent the morning issuing statements about how s&p are wrong and how this means ireland and portugal ( and other bailout nations ) will be hit as a result . 
  presumably this strengthens britain 's position vis-a-vis the eu , and therefore encourages an increase in euroscepticism from our leadership . 
  you 're comparing versailles against brest-litovsk , but why is brest-litovsk a fair example ? 
  brest-litovsk was an awful attempt at diplomacy . 
  it lasted only two months before the turks broke it ( by invading armenia ) . 
  only four months until the germans renounced it ( albeit a week before armistice ) . 
  it was a treaty dictated by germany , and was used by the allies as an example of how harsh germany and the central powers would be if they won the war . 
  brest-litovsk was settled via the russian civil war , polish-soviet war and other conflicts around the region . 
  it was not successful . 
  part of the problem with the armistice terms and it causing ww2 is that nobody could 've ever predicted that . 
  the terms were too harsh , so much so that they deserve criticism in isolation . 
  but even still , it required a financial crisis in the late 1920s and poor governmental response in germany to facilitate hitler coming to power . 
  a political scene in germany where hindenburg et al. 
  thought hitler was the best option ( vs. the communists ) and that he was controllable . 
  hitler and the nazis , and all they brought to the table ( which is huge in itself ) . 
  the socio-political context in europe and east asia became ideal . 
  and it undoubtedly required the lackadaisical attitude of europe and the usa ( at least ) to allow germany to so overwhelmingly break the terms of the treaty . 
  and all that is just a fraction of what was necessary to allow the terms of ww1 to cause ww2 . 
   sadly this is believed by many uneducated people today the issue with the british role in wwi is the timing in which we came into it . 
  as for the major powers , austria-hungary , russia , france and germany were already at war . 
  germany had invaded france via belgium on 2 august 1914 and declared war on russia . 
  on 4 august the german chancellor declared :  germany 's invasions of belgium and luxembourg were in violation of international law , but germany was `` in a state of necessity , and necessity knows no law . '', 
  gb declared war on germany on 4 august 1914 after an `` unsatisfactory reply '' from germany about keeping belgium neutral . 
  of course beyond this there 's an argument to be had about britain 's role in the arms race preceding wwi , but the immediate events preceding the british declaration of war ( or our intentions to protect belgian/luxembourgish neutrality ) are very hard to criticise . 
   i 'm not really pleased with the thought of going into wars for the french/british economy would n't a european army mean exactly this though ? 
  because britain and france would definitely use the european army for this aim . 
  it makes sense to have either nato or csdp , otherwise duplication becomes a giant waste of money for all eu member states . 
  i at least respect that he 's making a decision and sticking to it . 
  brussels only gets it because its effectively the capital though , not because of belgians specifically . 
  if strasbourg was the location of all the eu institutions that are in brussels then we 'd be cursing the strasbourg people . 
  care to explain them ? 
  i genuinely have no idea of the extent of problems it has faced , though seemingly people choose to assume i 'm well aware despite me asking the question . 
  perhaps , but the dutch went with f35 , which includes a consortium of european companies led by [ bae . 
  ] ( http://www.jsf.org.uk/jsf-uk-industry-team/bae-systems.aspx ), 
  yeah this week we do .
