  it would be interesting to see how policy development changes after efta gains a big new member and the eu loses a big member . 
  further integration would happen , but it would n't be much quicker . 
  the uk has often been the biggest member state against a policy , but its certainly been within coalitions . 
  it will be interesting if another nation takes on the uk 's role as chief anti-integration and in some cases chief scapegoat against integration . 
  presumably embassies do not count as being in the country of asylum ( otherwise it would mean only entering the front door , then the application is valid ) ? 
  or do they count but people are simply not being let inside ? 
  i assume when this was announced it was made clear that permanent residency would be given to ` asylum seekers currently in sweden ' , which was then mistranslated or misreported as ` all syrian asylum seekers ' ? 
  its the same problem as the east of england . 
  there 's a lack of investment because businesses cluster in the bigger cities with direct connections to london , manchester , birmingham , leeds , sheffield , liverpool etc. 
  those places offer much better investment opportunities due to their geographical position , which is then made worse by agglomeration economics . 
  the biggest areas of low take up are wales , east england , west scotland , and cornwall . 
  unsurprisingly these areas are also the most unconnected to the rest of the country , which makes serious investment ( and thus future prosperity ) very difficult . 
   steinmeier not only has a history of scuppering merkel 's foreign policy plans from 2005 to 2009 . 
  would n't this go against him being offered the post by a merkel led government ? 
  presumably they are n't in favour of employing a man with a concrete history of regularly getting in their way . 
  absolutely , that 's a discussion the uk will need to have upon entering the efta membership process . 
  as for regulation , efta only takes eu legislation deemed relevant to eea . 
  efta does not include : cap , common fisheries , customs union , common trade , cfsp , justice and home affairs , emu . 
  ukip wo n't come near power in a general election . 
  whilst they may strengthen , especially at the ep elections next year , that 's going to be irrelevant to what decision the uk ultimately takes . 
  if it got to a point where quitting the eu was a serious likelihood , i 'd fully expect the political compromise to be efta . 
  ukip can say they saved us from ` brussels bureaucrats ' from a minority position , cameron can say he gave the people what they want by retaining economic benefits through efta , but avoiding the majority of brussels legislation outside of the single market ( which is the major reason used to stay in the eu ) . 
  assuming you are correct , would be a significant reduction in comparison to britain 's current contribution . 
  according to the office of national statistics , britain paid # 16.6 bn and received # 6.9 bn ( including rebate ) , therefore britain paid # 9.7 bn last year . 
  [ link . 
  ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/bruno-in-brussels-eu-unplugged/brusselsbruno/406/britains-bill-for-eu-membership-has-more-than-tripled-over-last-10-years/ ) that means a # 9.7 bn saving for quitting the eu . 
  if you 're estimation of # 1.7 bn for efta membership is accurate then britain has # 8bn to spare . 
  the question is then whether a saving of # 8bn is worth everything that efta membership brings but not having eu membership loses . 
  haha i have no idea . 
  that was a genuine question . 
  presumably less because efta is a much smaller organisation with tiny costs in comparison . 
  as a guess the uk would quit the eu , but keep some sort of semi membership into certain things where it absolutely benefits both uk and eu ( common foreign policy perhaps being the key one there ) . 
   the uk would still have to contribute to the eu budget and abide by most eu regulations . 
  do you have any idea how much the uk would have to contribute if it was in efta and not the eu ? 
  is n't 3 % still a wholly subjective matter ? 
  poor turkey . 
  cyprus is further east than istanbul , and about as far east as ankara . 
  yet cyprus is southeastern and turkey is ( presumably ) asian or middle eastern . 
  the boy is crying wolf . 
  every now and again the telegraph put up an interesting and insightful eu based article . 
  but their shitty eu reporting the other 364 days of the year create instant scepticism over this one . 
   implies that british people are not so much anti-europe , as opposed to the current institution of the eu . 
  that 's overwhelmingly the case . 
  even the anti-eu king nigel farage openly states he 's pro-europe ( his wife is german , for what extra that is worth ) , but that he sees the eu as being a terrible thing . 
  its just that ` leaving europe ' has become a byword for ` quitting the eu ' . 
  why have they qualified this seemingly happy story with a picture of osborne looking deathly in a factory ? 
  his happy face does n't exactly scream ` booming ' orders !, 
  the $ notes are bridges from the classical to the modern era . 
  they are trying to emphasise europe being connected since the beginning of european civilisation . 
  this is supported by the borderless map of europe . 
  but even then it was taken to an incredibly politically correct level :  bridges , windows and gateways had to be revised to make sure that they did not closely resemble real ones , otherwise there would have been comments about a national bias . 
  in sum , fake generalised bridges , just in case someone gets offended at the sight of the real thing . 
  its quite stupid imo because people are fine with $ coins . 
  if non-germans can manage to look at the brandenburg gate on german $ 1 coins then i 'm sure they wo n't be disgusted with the sight of gauss or goethe on a $ 5 note . 
  ama request him and find out ... 
  i dispute the title of this post . 
  its not so much a fierce attack on greece , but rather an attack on the politicians that say greece is now a `` success story '' . 
   and no one is seriously disputing that the economy remains badly sick ; the oecd predicts greece will face its seventh year of recession in a row in 2014 . 
  more than one in four greeks are out of a job ; of young greeks , nearly two in three . 
  around 60 % of those out of work have n't been employed in more than a year . 
  according to a recent piece by nick malkoutzis and yiannis mouzakis for ekathimerini , there are 400,000 families in greece without a single breadwinner . 
  maybe greece is better than it was one or two years ago ( i do n't know ) . 
  but to say things like it being a success when the above exists is a little extravagant . 
  so did belgium miss its targets because it basically said ` fuck it ' to doing serious austerity ? 
  they had to deal with dexia , but even still :  also without this operation the deadline would have been missed . 
   baltic states landforce ? 
  i think that in itself is better than a european military . 
  the smaller nations and/or those that want to should create their own . 
  let the ones that want to remain entirely independent do so , simply for the many problems that are encountered ( which are magnified because in military we are dealing directly with people 's lives ) . 
   i do n't think argentina would take the challenge understanding that it 's pretty much declaring war on all the european countries . 
  it could be debated as its not in the north atlantic , but argentina effectively is declaring war on europe in this scenario ( as in 1982 ) through nato . 
  either way its irrelevant because the british armed forces are superior to the argentine ones in pretty much all aspects . 
  my point here was more that spanish-argentine relations might be very positive , and thus miles apart from spanish troops engaging in warfare against argentina . 
  there would be innumerable repercussions from having a european army in this respect . 
  other than this the big deal is funding . 
  some nations ( gb/fr ) will contribute significantly more and have more responsibilities ( nuclear and un sec coun ) . 
  other nations would either have to step up militarily to help meet these demands , or would surely lose a lot of decision making powers , which is potentially politically disastrous . 
  military is unlike any other aspect of politics . 
  its therefore much tougher to justify a european army as oppose to a european currency or central bank etc. 
  once we get into the details of what a singular army means for each nation ( and more importantly the men and women serving ) . 
   in all seriousness : european military force . 
  so much could be saved . 
  seriously . 
  however ( and these are made up on the spot ) : - different countries have different security needs . 
  - how is defence conducted ? 
  if it was unanimity then certain interventions ( libya , mali ) would not have happened . 
  - how is the military staffed and what safeguards do nations have for their own troops ? 
  suppose argentina attacks the falklands again . 
  the nature of an eu military means a multi-national response including troops from spain . 
  investing in our nearest neighbours is a great idea . 
  economic development will reduce the volatility in the area . 
   it will resolve the perennial ambivalence the british state and people seem to approach the union with britain choosing to stay in does not automatically mean britain becomes an active and much more pro-integration eu member . 
  it just means we would rather continue with the status quo of eu membership than quit . 
   seeking opt-outs , watering down eu legislation , trying to fight europarl or ec 's assumption of competencies every nation does this . 
  britain just does it a bit more than others because it is more skeptical of eu legislation and its consequences than other nations . 
  the uk wants a ` better deal ' and to renegotiate its terms . 
  is it therefore the case that statements like this are good for the uk , because the more that eu countries want the uk in , the more likely they are to compromise on the uk 's membership terms ? 
  conversely , the less they care about the uk 's decision , the less they will compromise . 
   such a presentation will not radicalize anyone my worry is that by giving him a formal opportunity to further his claims it may radicalise people against islam . 
  he was there as a muslim cleric , hence although he absolutely does not represent the majority of muslims , giving him airtime instead of normal and good clerics does run the risk of people seeing him as a representative of the majority .
