  once it became apparent this was n't going to happen , germany then proposed a ` no spy ' pact . 
  in other words , plan a did n't work , so plan b was enacted . 
  nothing but self-interest on the part of germany here ; nothing but self-interest on the part of the uk . 
  one politician can not change europe because they are one cog . 
  it would take a dictatorship for significant change to come from one person . 
  they can influence europe , they can play their active role in europe . 
  the point you linked to was me saying that politicians often say `` europe needs to change '' without acknowledging that they themselves are europe ( e.g. 
  heads of state and the european council ) . 
  i would prefer if they were honest about their role , i.e. 
  david cameron is the uk 's representative to the european council and thus holds some power there . 
  saying `` europe must change '' as if he has zero influence is incorrect . 
  it follows from op 's assertion that the uk must work harder to influence europe rather than sitting on the sidelines and complaining instead . 
  the criticism you make about one person only being a small cog and thus not being able to make significant change is more a base level criticism of democracy . 
  there 's a churchill quote along the lines of `` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all the others '' . 
  the bottom line is nothing works perfectly . 
  it rests on misunderstanding that nuclear equals chernobyl , fukushima and three mile island . 
  on top of that is the ( genuine ) problem of what do we do with the nuclear waste . 
   the fact that politicians study to be politicians instead of being respectible professionals or business people causes many of these problems this has become a big deal in the uk with the ` political class ' argument and i do n't quite understand the uproar . 
  thatcher was a research chemist then a barrister before entering politics , yet many people absolutely despise her for identical reasons they dislike cameron . 
  john major worked in banking , as did nigel farage ( whose ukip have some awful policies ) . 
  unanimity ( and the difficulties of achieving it ) is a deliberate and correct safeguard . 
  it has its downsides , but all in all its a massive benefit . 
  the eu exists first and foremost to create stability in europe ( think 100 years ago what was about to happen from now until 1989 - multiple generations ) and unanimity damn near guarantees that . 
  we are slowly doing away with it as stability becomes more of a certainty . 
  the crisis has put us back several notches unfortunately . 
  unanimity and treaty change deliberately slows the political process . 
  that 's designed for a good reason - to ensure the stability europe has needed for centuries . 
  political parties from any one country can not change europe because they are just one cog in europe . 
  in just the same way your local politician can not change the entire country . 
  the problem was that it was an over simplicity of the reality . 
  i get what you 're trying to do , and you 're absolutely correct that treaty reform is designed to be tough ( deliberately so - which is the right way to do it , but also risks creating the same problems the us constitution has with regards to things like gun laws ) . 
  there are millions of other things to take into account - to the extent academics devote their entire career to eu integration and barely touch the surface of the union . 
  and there 's the fact that treaty changes can and do happen . 
  surprisingly regularly given your statistics . 
  going beyond this , it is well known that despite enjoying qmv in some areas , the european council still votes in terms of unanimity or nothing ( a focus of many academics ) . 
  the rationale there is supposed to be in keeping with friendship and alliance - in the council at least - the parliament is a different beast . 
  add council votes to the list and the eu actually works under consensus and unanimity very often . 
  these statistics are not meant for those at the top . 
  they provide a basic information , usually for other governments , to base reforms on . 
  presume the netherlands wanted to reform education . 
  it will conduct research of the netherlands , but will also consult the nations that rank atop the education lists ( lets say finland ) . 
  it will inquire into the finnish system , perhaps some ministers will visit finland to learn what they do , and if they approve , the dutch will then study if finnish style reforms are feasible in the netherlands . 
  so do n't pat yourself on the back for your successful food situation . 
  do it because your situation will likely be mimicked and adapted elsewhere in the world , for the benefit of the rest of the world . 
  bravo !, 
   a couple of times where he got involved in eu policy discussions his positions were really not that bright these opinions may not have been intelligent , but were they popular ? 
  the deal with bojo is he 's not close to the leadership ( i.e. 
  being pm ) yet . 
  he would have to reenter parliament then win a leadership election ( after cameron is kicked out or steps down - neither of which is likely very soon ) . 
  consequently , on matters beyond being mayor of london , boris has something of a free reign . 
  he can say anything he likes and not be accountable because we know he does n't have the power to deliver . 
  so instead of giving the usual blurry answers , he 's direct and outspoken - something people always criticise politicians for not being . 
  his bumbling idiocy is all a facade . 
  its eccentric , joking , approachable . 
  not the personality of a man that went to eton and oxford , and was in bullingdon with cameron . 
  its the antithesis to that . 
  this allows him to transcend class divisions , something posh tories rarely have the chance to do . 
  he 'll retain a large portion of this if he makes a play for the conservative leadership and premiership , but will drop some for the more serious approach necessary to be pm . 
  assume tomorrow there was a vote to create a federal united states of europe , which would of course require a treaty change . 
  do you think there is a 50 % chance the uk says ` yes ' to this ? 
  the problem is that he ( and many other leaders ) speak of the eu as a third party of which they have no control or influence . 
  yet we are the eu ( along with our member state colleagues ) . 
  david cameron is our representative to the european council ( the most important body ) and the government chooses our commissioners . 
  the parliament is made up of party officials ( the tories can only control the tories of course ) . 
  yet osborne says `` the eu must reform '' as if that 's the equivalent to saying `` germany must reform '' or `` france must reform '' . 
  i 'd like to hear the opinion of eurosceptics on this . 
  some maybe thankful we 've beaten evil old brussels on something . 
  others will realise this defeat of brussels means their community and local environment is about to undergo fracked . 
  never stop . 
  say it every day , week and month . 
  seriously . 
  so long as its true it would be beneficial for us if people continuously state that this whole thing was an deliberate over exaggeration from the very beginning on the part of all eurosceptics . 
  help us bring our eu debate back onto terms that are both truthful and realistic . 
  not too happy that you helped sink our battleship . 
  well done for pissing off thatcher though . 
  personally i was quite shocked with the bbc 's coverage of it on new year 's day . 
  they were n't saying `` romanians are here to claim our benefits '' , but it seemed more aggressive than usual . 
  particularly because there was only one person being interviewed so the whole floodgates are open thing was a massive anticlimax . 
  i think they should 've approached it more factually , for example offering the statistics of eu benefits claimants . 
  the current state of play ( as defined today ) is scotland has none of the uk 's debt , but also does not have the boe or the pound . 
  we know salmond wants the boe and pound , but osborne has said its out of the question . 
  negotiations will simply be which of these two ( or osborne 's replacement ) is able to bargain for more . 
  obviously both will leave the table in agreement and proclaim they have delivered a victory for their respective electorates . 
   if something is in both parties interests and brings advantages to each what are the advantages to westminster of scotland keeping the pound and boe ? 
  similarly , if westminster knows scotland wants both , why give it away for free when you could get something in return ? 
   that will only happen if it also willing to share the currency - game , set and match iscotland i think . 
  the whole reason these negotiations exist is because there 's far more on the table than sharing the pound . 
  its certainly possible that iscotland could ( and possibly will ) retain the pound and boe , but the question is what will scotland have to give up in return for it ? 
  it will come down to negotiations and whose politicians are better at them ( and at predicting the future , which is then incorporated into their wants and needs ) . 
  i think if the romania/bulgaria 1 january situation had not happened there would be far less euroscepticism . 
  they 've jumped on an opportunity and blown it completely out of proportions . 
  clegg was talking about how he would love to debate farage because his policy flaws would be exposed publicly . 
  i personally ca n't wait for that day . 
  clegg is n't my favourite politician , far from it , but i 'd come a long way closer to voting lib dem if he put his own neck on the line to out ukip 's stupidity to the nation . 
   it is quite sad that uk politicians are bent on limiting this idea . 
  its all posturing . 
  granted its frustrating and a waste of time , but i do n't think they are genuinely keen on doing this . 
  more wanting to look like they 're strong arming the eu as a means of undermining ukip 's popularity . 
  its also a opening negotiation position should britain be able to ` win something back ' . 
  cameron goes high , the eu goes low , and hopefully ( for the tories ) we meet somewhere in the middle .
