  00-04 was the alleged power struggle era and putin won . 
  those that remain either maintain unequivocal support of him . 
   yeah but if the entire cast is about to be pushed under the bus because of his ambitions i 'm sure they 'll figure something . 
  screwing over rich russians would be illegal . 
  doing that would lead to court cases they would win ( and we would lose ) . 
  they 'd get their money back plus compensation . 
  and it would severely damage confidence in european markets if we just go about confiscating someone 's wealth because their country did something we do n't like . 
   the initial reaction of germany and the uk the initial reaction of all of western europe . 
  in fact , all of europe besides poland and lithuania , who spoke out favouring action . 
  its not like france , spain and italy were publicly backing sanctions . 
   i mean , it 's well known the european overlords would probably cry in their sleep if they knew how poor innocent billionnaires who totally did not stole all their money again ? 
  whose money ? 
  the oligarchs got rich during russia in the 90s by buying up russia 's former state companies . 
  europe did n't lose money here , its the common russians that saw state assets sold off cheaply . 
   see , they 're the one having the real votes in russia . 
  putin is just their puppet . 
  so if things go downhill , you go after the real culprits . 
  that shit would probably stop within 48h of issueing such an order . 
  is that alleging that russia 's actions in ukraine are the result of the oligarchs ( whom you presume to be a wholly united body ) telling putin to do it ? 
  putin has a good record of controlling these people should they interfere against his will . 
  it definitely is . 
  ideas like a european army sound good on paper but very quickly unravel . 
  it will only ever be achieved with baby steps and these sorts of agreements are the way to do that . 
  uk/france have the aptly named [ entente frugale ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/entente_frugale ) and visegrad hopefully have this . 
  other nations should follow ( iberia , the nordics and the baltics come to mind ) . 
  not a chance . 
  you 'd need to prove a direct link between said oligarchs and russia pushing further into ukraine . 
  otherwise its just persecuting wealthy russians . 
  that they maybe close to the kremlin is entirely irrelevant . 
  it would n't surprise me if the russian oligarchy close to putin are close business associates of those very close to yanukovych . 
  what i mean is , in one way or another i would n't be surprised if the russian oligarchy are already in ukraine in some way . 
  this is fantastic . 
  we all know the state of european defences and what would be a massive reliance on the uk , france and ( if willing ) germany . 
  the smaller nations , if better integrated , can definitely add to this . 
  strong interoperability amongst the visegrad would make them a hell of a lot more powerful . 
   this was an entirely predictable outcome , and the reason the eu was formed to begin with . 
  this is very true . 
  the eu does n't have the competency to attend this sort of meeting and therefore it should n't . 
  the eu should not be criticised for this , to the extent that the diplomat making the comments should n't have been allowed to . 
  if said diplomat wants the eu there he should work towards giving the eu foreign policy competency . 
  being that he 's french , there 's no way france would want europe acting on their behalf regarding foreign policy , so again its a stupid comment causing unnecessary controversy . 
  the article should have been ` eu member states shunned from us-russia meeting on ukraine ' . 
  the eu organising a strategic annex would undoubtedly be the greatest political fuck up of the 21st century . 
  by the time we 've met to discuss how we 're doing this the norwegians would 've likely repelled us and taken stockholm just for the sake of it . 
  if you do make sure to let us know how much you make . 
  an ama from someone that profited from all this would be real interesting . 
  i would think so . 
  in the history of western interventions i do n't recall an oligarchy ever being the subject of mass sanctions . 
  certain individuals perhaps , but their link to whatever we are intervening in is usually blindingly obvious . 
  only those with the closest links to the kremlin would likely face that sort of sanction . 
  we would never confiscate the wealth of all the oligarchy . 
   among those companies that have invested in russia are some of germany 's largest and all of these companies will be lobbying merkel to make sure she does n't hurt german private sector interests when punishing russia . 
  punishing putin is one thing , but harming your own domestic interests ( and sources of campaign money ) is entirely another . 
  i agree entirely with this . 
  i think people are passively supportive of the ukrainian cause , but if push came to shove its not our problem . 
  it might be a touch insensitive , but i do n't think we 'd support serious sanctions against russia if it meant paying much more on our gas and electricity bills or if it were to in anyway damage our economy . 
  my personal opinion is the eu should n't go federal , so you 're certainly right about a brit being concerned about uk sovereignty . 
  that said , i am open to further european integration , and if we 're going to do federalism we need to do it right . 
  yes i think english is the optimum choice of language . 
  its more widely spoken than any other european language and our allies ( and the world 's most powerful nations ) almost all converse in english ( chinese wo n't be the world 's language ) . 
  that said , if the eu wants to pick french , german , polish or luxembourgish that 's fine . 
  so long as the requisite investment to educate the rest of the union is there . 
   ukraine does have experience with nuclear weapons and has fielded them in the past , so them creating them is n't that far-fetched it is far fetched for them . 
  if russia caught wind of ukraine pushing for nukes again they would be all over it . 
  and they 'd be supported because we all know what direction they would be fired in and because the west can hardly be seen to be aiding ukrainian nuclear weapons . 
  it would n't take much to cripple the ukrainian economy , as has been shown . 
  as for the us specifically , i think they 'd have no problem with sanctioning a nuke aiming ukraine . 
  it would even help russian relations . 
   but what does worry me ? 
  the middle east and east asia . 
  the middle east is interesting because the us has less of a need for the middle east due to its forthcoming energy independence . 
  of course there 's an interest in protecting israel and its current allies , but the usa has no reason to bend over backwards for middle eastern oil anymore ( save assisting american companies in the region ) . 
  i agree its a phenomenally difficult thing to do , but this also would not be a short-term policy . 
  in addition to making one language the eu 's official language , there would be a need to implement multiple other policies to help with education . 
  things like all eu nations having to provide ( perhaps through eu funding ) classes in the eu 's official language . 
  secondly , it would be made mandatory that all schools in the eu teach the official language from a very young age . 
  about a year ago merkel commented that europe 's youth should look elsewhere for work if their own country has high unemployment . 
  that 's great , but as you well know a job in italy often requires italian , french in france , english in the uk etc. 
  so the idea of the eu and labour mobility helping solve youth unemployment is massively defeated by the inability of many to communicate in the language where jobs exist . 
  it may take a generation to get this up and running , but if people are serious about further integration it is a hurdle that needs to be overcome . 
  i do n't dispute your argument , i 'm just making a correction regarding how nato works . 
  how the us or anyone else reacts if any nation fired nukes anywhere in the world remains to be seen . 
  though i do agree , chances are we 're all fucked in the end . 
  i would add that i highly doubt a nuclear arms race will emerge because of crimea . 
  getting nukes is so much harder than any other weapon . 
  the finances , intellect and time constraints are huge . 
  and people seem to think its possible because russia got away with crimea . 
  russia is one of the world 's strongest and most feared countries and we all know the big guys play by different rules . 
  many countries have tried and failed to get nukes , often because we wo n't let them . 
  the ` punishment ' handed out to iran , iraq and north korea is far more than we would ever give to russia , and for very good reasons . 
   how about the people who move around learn the language of the region the wish to work in ? 
  this certainly makes sense , but labour mobility is a known weakness of the eu going forward . 
  for anyone that dreams of the united states of europe or something similar , a common language is a necessity . 
   it 's easy to advocate for a common language when you expect you 're already speaking the one that will be chosen . 
  very true . 
  my choice of english is obviously also motivated by me being english to begin with . 
  but that does n't change its current arguments vs. french , german or any other language . 
  as soon as one language is chosen , whatever it maybe , that will be permanent . 
  if 90 % europe learns english one generation , the next generation will also be similarly as fluent in english , if not higher . 
  speak in whatever language they want .
