  i ca n't imagine how we would otherwise negotiate to send romanian troops fighting under the eu banner to defend the falklands . 
  it basically has the hallmarks of a media field day , as romanian soldiers die fighting for the eu in a location that is wholly irrelevant to romanians . 
   one area where eastern states can contribute is clearly , personnel . 
  i 'm sure many romanians and bulgarians would pursue a permanent career in a european military ; where most westerners would not because of the risks involved . 
  to a certain extent this is the method of the un . 
  the big countries pay for intervention , but the intervening forces are often from cheaper or developing nations ( who use it as financially cost free training ) , simply because the upkeep of an indian or brazilian soldier is a tenth of the upkeep of a british , french or american one . 
  no not at all . 
  and the other nations ( italy aside perhaps ? ), 
  wo n't be able to help fund it . 
  the uk is pretty clear its not dropping the us partnership . 
  i 'm constantly amazed by calls from anyone in europe to distance ourselves from the usa ? 
  why ? 
  they have overwhelmingly the biggest , best and most powerful armed forces . 
  alliance with them is a no brainer . 
  its just that we ca n't free-ride off them because that leaves us exposed , as per this article . 
  and this will lead to the same situation as nato , i.e. 
  reliance on one or two big member states , but within a european context . 
  a european military would almost certainly rely on france , britain , and to a lesser extent germany . 
  yet the majority of its deployment within europe , at least as indicated by this article , would be securing the eastern part of the eu , where nations like lithuania have made 26 % cuts in their own military . 
  the one question i have here is , if nations like lithuania are so threatened by russia , why are they making such extensive defence policy cuts ? 
  provided it happened in a completely non-violent way , such as a referendum , then a period in which populations could move to their respective sides . 
  then the two separate and relations are kept good , with only the normal visa restrictions between russia/ukraine . 
  not a korea or berlin situation . 
  how opposed to that are people likely to get ? 
  ( and i 'm not expecting it to be particularly positive unfortunately ) . 
  the point about layers is correct , that is part of the downsides of independence referendums . 
  it is a democratic vote , and incurs the same benefits and drawbacks as any other . 
  a separate issue with it is how it completely reverses campaign strategies . 
  the majority of spaniards are not catalan . 
  40m non catalans vs. 7.5 m catalans approximately . 
  the dominant strategy for the catalan government is therefore to get non-catalans to vote to kick catalonia out of spain , rather than getting catalans to vote to leave spain ( obviously they only have one campaign strategy , so its either ` catalonia is good ' or ` catalonia is bad ' ) . 
  as i said , 100 % catalonia can vote ` yes ' but still lose overwhelmingly ; hence in a nationwide referendum on catalan independence , catalonia would only be a minority group . 
  so in this ridiculous instance its the best move for catalonia to try and present itself as some kind of awful leech on the spanish state that needs excising . 
  on the 5 cities example , the uk came close to such a scenario when the shetland islands ( north of scotland ) said they wanted to remain in the uk if scotland quit . 
  funnily enough , the snp said they do n't get self-determination because they are n't a state . 
  shetland is a crucial part of scottish oil , which made that whole discussion much more interesting . 
   i just hope this referendum puts things on the table and all this shit `` ends '' or at least becomes more clear . 
  everything i 've read on scottish independence or british eu exit points to what you say coming true . 
  the referendum either brings independence or it kills the movement for a generation . 
  the only thing that might undermine that is a major event e.g. 
  a big war involving spain . 
   what i am asking is could n't they allow the referendum with the restriction that all spanish people will be asked ? 
  the short answer is no , because it undermines self-determination . 
  one simple problem is : what if 100 % catalonia votes for independence , but the rest of spain votes to keep them in ? 
  expanding , it would also completely undermine the referendum . 
  all of spain voting for catalan independence is the same as all the uk voting on scottish independence , or all the eu voting for british independence from the eu . 
  you can see the errors starting to appear , e.g. 
  ( hypothetical ) france votes overwhelmingly to kick the uk out because it is good for france . 
  which can be a very bad thing for europeans . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2013/11/economist-explains-10 ), 
  so if we know catalonia would be better independent , we also know spain would be worse without catalonia . 
  what i was getting at was whether the spanish population outside cataloina felt catalan independence was acceptable ( despite the losses spanish people would incur ) , or whether they were angry towards catalans for something like economic selfishness , particularly when times are hard for everyone . 
   anyway , that is the approach that the uk government is taking with scotland . 
  i can not understand why the spanish government does n't copy this . 
  the main reason afaik is that catalan a ` yes ' is more likely than a scottish ` yes ' . 
  if scottish independence had the same support as the catalan movement does , the government in westminster would have acted completely differently . 
  and i 'm not saying the spanish government are acting as they should given the situation . 
  and with berlusconi out of the picture , a vacancy has opened ... 
  ah fair enough . 
  what sort of opinions do the rest of spain have ? 
  we know the government do n't want it , but what about the average person elsewhere in spain ? 
  to use the scottish example again : debate still exists between whether independent scotland will be `` better off '' than the status quo . 
  from what i 've read about catalonia , it seems almost certain that they will be better off independent than as a part of spain . 
  economically at least , it follows that the rest of spain is worse off post-catalan independence . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'd be happy for ukraine to sign the aa . 
  provided the accession requirements are met , i also have no objections at all to ukraine joining the eu fully . 
  nevertheless , i 'm at a loss trying to understand what the eu specifically suffers by `` losing ukraine to russia '' . 
  i believe ukraine has 10x as much to lose from that , though perhaps this explains why there are such widespread protests . 
  similarly , i do n't see what disaster the eu is facing if it does n't invest $ 20bn a year in ukraine , or indeed what disaster it faces if no aa is signed ? 
  what happens if they hold this and a ` yes ' comes back ? 
  afaik this is n't like scotland because the spanish central government has not agreed to it ( or have they ? ) ? 
  so although it makes a concrete statement of intent , what concrete political achievements can it bring ? 
   where exactly did he do that ? 
  backtracking on the aa instead of signing it . 
  meeting putin in sochi afterwards , yet not revealing any information about the contents of this meeting . 
  the actions taken so far against protestors in kiev . 
  take an example from today , which contests yanukovych [ sold his country to russia . 
  ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/online/blogs/newsdesk/2013/12/rage-in-kiev.html ) of course he has n't been explicit in saying this , no politician would ever make such a move ( particularly not when they 're pining for $ 20bn a year ) . 
  transport corridors between ukraine and the caucasus will certainly benefit europe * to an extent * . 
  but given the context of the eu 's ongoing financial crisis and given the significant mystery surrounding yanukovych 's true goals and perspectives , that is a ridiculous amount of money to agree to . 
  which then brings us back to the question of why should the eu pay $ 20bn to better connect ukraine to the caucasus ? 
  why not use that money to better connect ukraine to the eu ? 
  the ukrainian president has already revealed his hand to be closer to moscow than brussels , which undermines the legitimacy of ideas like the eu funding a $ 20bn infrastructure between ukraine and the caucasus . 
  i would argue if any nation is to fund that operation it should be russia , ukraine and the caucasus nations . 
  this means nothing . 
  of course he ` wants to sign it ' , it would be good for ukraine , good for his reputation , good for everyone but russia . 
  but there are many reasons why he does not want to sign it . 
  and they are clearly more important , otherwise it would have been signed . 
  but is n't russia 's exact criticism of the aa deal that it will lead to a flood of eu products on the russian market ? 
  whilst i agree with your statement , it seems to contradict russia 's precise criticism of the aa . 
  those pipelines already exist , and the problem until now has been whether russia is going to turn those pipelines off when the eu or ukraine pisses russia off . 
  building more of them wo n't solve that . 
  how does infrastructure connecting ukraine to russia make anyone energy independent ? 
  or am i missing something ? 
  though that might start a ` race to the bottom ' , which england likely wins due to its political , economic and social advantages . 
  going into the complexities of it all , england may even be able to draw on the existing benefits of the london/bot network . 
  that 's already the key relationship in global tax avoidance . 
  yeah that 's very true . 
  i know the threat of article 5 alters things here , though was replying to a question asking about the eu specifically . 
   britain risks becoming a magnet for prostitutes and sex buyers because its policies on sex work are increasingly out of step with those in the rest of europe , according to mps , women 's groups and eu officials .
