  erasmus is certainly a reason for this . 
  [ eu support by age group . 
  ] ( http://cdn.social-europe.eu/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/poll.png ), 
  i 'd say his goal is to take over east ukraine as possible , and at a minimum to connect the russian mainland to crimea . 
  but then again , i am not the eu president . 
  its 1.8 m long . 
  so about the average height of a european male , give or take a couple of cm . 
   they often act as if they would be enemy agents . 
  they basically are . 
  what 's good for germany here is n't good for the baltics , for example . 
  there will always be a variety in tax levels as a single structure does n't work across a union as diverse as the eu . 
  one possibility is a minimum federal level that everyone pays , then individual states add to that if they want . 
   the french were aware of the limitations of nato , it could never defend the continent but stall the russians from focusing on america . 
  how ? 
  you 're taking a presumption as fact . 
  the french left nato saying this , and yet still the soviet union ( which was far far more powerful than russia is today ) never invaded . 
   a simple military alliance would not see us through a war . 
  yet nato is the key factor behind european stability throughout the cold war . 
  it is still very successful as a pre-emptive threat . 
  would n't that be much less effective for precisely the reason you said ? 
  if the eu is n't using russian gas as much because its not winter anymore , then embargoing it would be far less effective . 
  i presume its used for industry , but then embargoing would shitcan whoever 's industry is being fuelled by russian gas . 
  yeah funnily enough people are all holier than thou when they are n't the ones that fucked up . 
  what we should have are federal wealth transfers . 
  that way luxembourg can keep up their tax racket , and we can use the money to let greeks eat and enjoy medical care . 
  unless it can be done with qmv , then no . 
  and to be honest , even with qmv , the eu would n't take such a decision because it would gut the economy of a member state . 
  unfortunately , that means sending in the president of the commission , luxembourg 's ex-pm . 
   can we get some eu wide legislation that closes down all of these luxembourg/over seas territories and etc. 
  tax loop holes ? 
  only with luxembourg 's consent as a member state . 
   we advocate it in ukraine . 
  in ukraine we are providing non-lethal support to one side . 
  that 's not illegal . 
  in libya we 'd be dumping migrants into a civil war and entering another nations sovereign territory to do so , in breach of a whole host of international laws . 
  there is no comparison to be made there . 
   then maybe one day ( suspended ) conscription will be extended to include women as well . 
  the arguments for keeping women out of the certain areas of the military are quite strong without coming close to sexism . 
  for example , a captured woman in iraq or syria , especially if she were a mother , would evoke tremendously emotive responses amongst the population . 
   or maybe child caring and nursing will be paid in a manner that attracts people who want to support a family on that salary alone . 
  everyone supports greater pay in these jobs . 
  the problem is markets do n't allow for it . 
  so there 's nothing stopping men or women choosing these career paths , but you must be aware of its limitations financially . 
  the one that 's in the middle of a civil war . 
  in my opinion breaking international law is n't something to advocate regardless , but especially not when the other side is imploding . 
  for all we know those 13 people are the best staff that ever existed !, 
  and lest we forget luxembourg fucking loves it some mcdonald 's !, 
  ak pattern rifles are ubiquitous pretty much everywhere still . 
  [ check check . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7e/ak47map.svg ), 
  in recent weeks italy has suggested its quite possible that libyan militias can merge with isis . 
  the us meanwhile has confirmed it believes is have fighters in libya already . 
  do you think giving weapons to these militia is still a good idea ? 
   we could shoot down the libyan army and what more without concerning ourselves , and now we 're going to whine about the coast guard ? 
  no , the point is this is n't being done because its highly illegal under international law ( i.e. 
  very bad consequences for the eu ) , and is exceptionally provocative to the libyan state ( again very bad internationally for the eu ) . 
   the current problem would n't even be half as big as it is had they not bombed libya its not libya 's fault we bombed libya . 
  the power was in our hands to choose not to intervene . 
   their entrance was illegal to begin with , so then we 're all illegal . 
  no , we would n't be all illegal . 
  if said boats were fully backed by the government of libya , then they 'd be breaking the law . 
  as they are not backed by libya 's government , the libyan state is doing nothing wrong . 
  that 's why i said it would need to be a coalition . 
  swift is headquartered in belgium , but given the disproportionate role of london in global finance , that 's why cameron can make these statements . 
  it would hit the uk disproportionately , hence why he 's the one that leads with such threats . 
  for the same reason , the threats to stop purchasing russian gas come primarily from the larger powers that buy the largest amounts ( e.g. 
  germany ) . 
  it is hq 'd in belgium yes . 
  this is why it would need to be a coalition . 
  cameron has a strong say in backing this though , because of london 's importance in global finance . 
  without uk cooperation , russia could still trade through london , ergo the ban on swift would n't really work . 
  he 's threatened to remove russia from swift . 
  so if other countries were willing to enforce this ( a coalition would be needed given its an international payment system ) , then yes , the city would be removed from russian money . 
  it being illegal means there would be immediate consequences for the eu against libya . 
  libya 's current state does not stop it from pursuing action against this . 
  the country maintains a civil service and diplomatic network . 
  it would matter regarding the two competing governments , because they 'd easily deal with such a situation . 
  whichever power is controlling the area would deal with it . 
  the opposing power would n't interfere either , as they 'd no doubt agree with the refusal to cooperate with this boat . 
  the costs of nuclear vary massively and are dependent on a variety of factors . 
  calculating the price is also exceptionally controversial , e.g. 
  its hard to calculate the cost of disposing of waste . 
  notably though , nuclear faces ginormous upfront costs irrespective of anything else . 
  gas by comparison , is cheap and readily available given the existence of pipelines . 
  as a general comparison ( and remember the cost of nuclear is very controversial ) , [ this graph ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/33/nuke%2c_coal%2c_gas_generating_costs.png ) hopefully helps . 
  read the wiki on the [ economics of nuclear power plants ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economics_of_nuclear_power_plants#waste_disposal_costs ) , which is very insightful about all this . 
   ca n't refuse anyway . 
  of course they can refuse , anything other than their cooperation is refusal . 
  imagine the situation : we 'd be stuck trying to dock a boat in a foreign port , against the wishes of the port 's staff and the government of that country . 
  that would definitely be illegal under international law ( for one example we 'd be well into libyan national territory in order to dock that boat ) . 
  not to mention that it would be horrendous vis-a-vis human rights . 
  regardless of the size of the trade ? 
  because that definitely makes the ecb 's attempts ridiculous . 
   do n't care . 
  you 've missed the point entirely then . 
  suppose we have a ship full of migrants that departed from libya , we then tow the boat back to libya , then libya refuses to accept the boat , thus leaving it stranded in the sea . 
  what do we do ? 
   kick every and all illegal entrant back over the pond . 
  we ca n't do that , because it is n't necessarily the role of the state they 're leaving from to accept them back . 
  for instance , if a boat of migrants from libya comes to italy , not everyone aboard that ship will be libyan .
