  at the moment its a proxy war , and one which nato is not fully invested in ( e.g. 
  is not providing weapons or ammunition to ) . 
  the usa now runs a massive ( $ 15.8 billion in 2013 ) trade deficit with russia , whereas during the 1970s and 1980s the ussr ran a ( comparatively much smaller ) trade deficit with the usa . 
  if a cold war were happening , the usa would be doing all it can to not have this deficit ( and would be trying harder to prevent its allies in europe from running deficits with russia ) . 
  what do you think they 're doing when they use the nvgs ? 
  probably not entertaining themselves walking around pitch black forests at midnight . 
   time to ship in lethal aid . 
  lets not . 
   russia wants to proxy fight , let 's fucking proxy fight for real . 
  that is an atrocious reason to give someone guns , bombs , tanks and planes . 
   yeah , i agree . 
  switzerland is a bit on the neutral evil side . 
  that 's a good point though . 
  being neutral means pretending nothing is happening and dealing with both sides as if all was well . 
  it does n't matter what that trade is ( e.g. 
  financier or materials based ) , because it both facilitates and profits from the horrors of war . 
   nobody calls it corruption , because corruption only happens in south-eastern countries . 
  basically : * we have scandals , they have corruption . 
  * we are expats , they are immigrants . 
  * we improve their economy , they take our jobs . 
   it was n't a commercial flight and the plane flew higher than normal altitude . 
  are n't all private jets non-commercial and most fly higher than normal altitude . 
  in other words , a private plane once flew from washington dc to copenhagen . 
   so it ` snot that rare 25 years of the last 100 is pretty rare given it includes world war coalitions , which are formed out of very exceptional circumstances . 
  since 1852 : * 1852 - 1855 * 1915 - 1916 * 1916 - 1922 * 1931 - 1940 * 1940 - 1945 * 2010 - present, 
  we vote for an mp based on which constituency you live in . 
  each mp ( the winner of that ballot for instance ) counts as one point ( i.e. 
  seat in the commons ) . 
  party with the most wins . 
  whether they can straight up form a government depends on whether they have a majority ( and i do not remember the number needed for that ) . 
  cameron has that number if he works with the liberal democrats , hence their coalition . 
  yes , but cameron 's is rare due to the uk 's fptp system ( which makes him uniquely less legitimate than normal uk governments ) . 
  not only this , but cameron 's coalition is relatively close to a grand coalition rather than a typical proportional representation coalition , which is less prominent for obvious reasons . 
  juncker 's majority in the european parliament exists due to a grand coalition type set up . 
  pes would normally oppose the epp , but in order to legitimise the new system , they are supporting juncker 's election . 
   he 's also opposing the one guy who has a majority in parliament he has a problem there for sure . 
  juncker 's majority is through a coalition of parties that normally oppose one another . 
  coincidentally , so too is cameron 's . 
   neither was cameron afaik . 
  this is true , you 're right . 
  [ for reference , here 's a uk general election ballot . 
  ] ( http://static1.demotix.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/a_scale_large/300-0/photos/313010.jpg ) nevertheless , i would be shocked if europe wide the exposure of juncker , schulz and verhofstadt was equal or even close to the exposure domestic party leaders get during a general election . 
  that point cameron does make , when arguing commission president candidates did not visit all member state countries . 
  that makes a lot more sense . 
  thank you . 
  he has a point saying people voted for their mep , not juncker , and that juncker was not on any ballot paper . 
  perhaps less importantly , why did he choose itv.com as the place to publish ? 
   whilst probably not as high as it should be that 's exactly what i 'm getting at . 
  have them pay the same rate as what everyone else pays in that country , but have them pay it to the eu instead of the domestic government . 
  there 's no reason whatsoever for them to pay any less . 
   but it 's anything but normal in german history , especially after wwii . 
  its a good thing then . 
  time to cast off the shadows once and for all . 
  they were fucked anyway . 
  there 's no way germany or the netherlands declares war in europe and does n't steamroll through belgium . 
  its a literal rite of passage . 
   then there 's tax is there ? 
  eu employees do n't pay income tax like the rest of us . 
  they pay a much reduced tax to the eu , based on the country they are from and live in . 
  gibraltar is british ? 
   that would be a huuuge shock for the eu . 
  for this reason i 'd expect a uk exit to be very unique in what 's agreed . 
  csdp for example . 
  britain works very well within the csdp framework and the eu undoubtedly benefits from that . 
  both sides clearly benefit . 
  it seems highly unlikely therefore , that csdp will be gutted . 
  although in fairness russia was ( and maybe still is ) a partnership for peace nation within nato . 
  at one point there was even talk of russia becoming a fully fledged member . 
  considering nato and eu nations outpace russia in pretty much all aspects : military , economic , democratic , transparency etc. , i 'd still say that the ball is firmly in russia 's court regarding who needs to be changing . 
  which one are you replying to ? 
  what 's your argument ? 
  gibraltar was a very strategically important place . 
  for that reason it had a central role in colonisation , the slave trade and many other terrible things that happened during this period . 
  that is a fact , but it has zero to do with the people living there now . 
  those are the people who 's self-determination is what 's at stake . 
  them choosing to be british , spanish , independent or whatever else they want to be has nothing to do with gibraltar 's former strategic importance ( and the consequences of that ) . 
  its funny that you 're criticising me for being argumentative and yet you 're also calling me a prick and a cunt . 
   it was like centuries of game of thrones catherine the great allegedly got it on with a horse . 
  definitely could fit into the got type drama . 
  you could also choose any number of european monarchs that ruled colonies in the usa ... 
  your reply to me has the following in it :  i 'll say it again , especially for you you super special snowflake you, 
   really ? 
  if you 'd gone another post down you 'd have seen the part where i said `` i really could not care less about any of this '' . 
  clicked on the red envelope , which displays only the replies to my message . 
  the message you quote was n't to me , so i did n't see it . 
  that 's not your fault though sweetheart , so do n't worry . 
  i 'm from sheffield . 
  manchester is northern . 
  so is sheffield , which is in south yorkshire . 
  and nobody has ever said yorkshire is anything but northern . 
   the north starts just north of manchester - because manchester is n't fucking northern . 
  manchester is the epitome of northern . 
  culturally speaking at least . 
   yes , but ignoring it does n't help at all , does it ? 
  it still exists , and continue to exist . 
  nobody ignores it . 
  plenty of organisations , governments included , attempt to calculate the value . 
  all these organisations propose ways to reduce the value of the underground economy . 
  basing eu funding from it is completely different though , and very wrong . 
   i am not sure how did you get the idea that this is to increase eu 's funding .
