   since this discussion is clearly going nowhere . 
  then critique or agree with my opinions of the legislation and its impact . 
  you surely can not agree with it though , because in doing so you 'd be proving my assertions about being able to have knowledge without reading the exact legislation to be very true . 
   complainjng a lot about the things you ca n't be bothered to educate yourselves about seems to be a running theme . 
  there are more ways to learn about the legislation than reading the legislation itself . 
  in fact , unless you have no contextual knowledge about the wider policy implications , reading the legislation is pretty useless . 
  i will happily confess to not reading this exact piece of legislation , that does not mean i 'm utterly unaware of it and its ( obviously debatable ) intentions and implications . 
  what 's also interesting is the presumption that all relevant knowledge about this can be gained solely and only from reading the entire legislative document . 
   if i were to explan someone what 's uk 's problem with eu i 'd point at you . 
  perfect example . 
  interesting way you 've jumped to conclusions though . 
  is that a characteristic i should generalise across all poles in the way you 've done in the quote ? 
  this piece of legislation does n't change what consumer demands are , i.e. 
  the desire for `` pretty vegetables '' . 
  that 's a separate question , requiring a separate piece of legislation . 
  the part of this legislation that covered class i , ii etc. 
  i credited , because it makes procurement more straightforward . 
   however , right now they are convinced that putin 's annexation of crimea was the best thing that a country leader could possibly do , and they are all just reeling with joy . 
  in all seriousness , what are the reasons they have for believing this ? 
  what do they believe russia has gained to make all this so worthwhile ? 
  i argued that the legislation does not cover consumer demands ( i.e. 
  pretty food ) . 
  it may make procurement of cucumbers easier or more standardised , and in that its a good idea . 
  however , i was responding to a comment about the procurement/sale of ugly or pretty food . 
  its not a point from absolute ignorance though . 
  stores choose to sell what consumers want to buy . 
  tell me the legislation has a section that explains consumer demands and i 'll concede the point . 
   have you actually read the regulation ? 
  funnily enough no , i chose not to spend my saturday reading withdrawn cucumber legislation from the european union . 
  and being i am not a vegetable grower/seller , i have no professional reason to . 
   the idea was that retailers could specify the quality class they wanted to buy , and producers and intermediaries could know exactly what they meant that part is fine and it makes sense . 
  but it does n't change anything about retailers or consumers only wanting pretty food . 
  the legislation makes finding that pretty food easier , however , and as you even show , it does n't and wo n't stop everyone only going for the pretty food . 
  people 's willingness to buy `` good looking '' food does n't justify the creation of such legislation though . 
  nor does this legislation have anything to do with what stores choose to sell . 
  they are entirely unrelated . 
  far from it . 
  i 'm actually saying many people vote based on the prime minister rather than their local mp , even though its the local mp on the ticket . 
  everyone is aware they have a local mp , everyone is aware who they vote for as mp also means who they vote for as pm ( i.e. 
  that party 's leader ) . 
  that has nothing to do with europe , the eu , juncker , federalism or brexit . 
  its just an observation about a quirk in the uk system . 
  your point about the * spitzenkandidaten * has nothing to do with the question of why a brexit can not be done with the best of intentions . 
  if the uk quits , its in both parties interests to make it a happy split . 
  both sides will lose as a result and that one may lose more than the other is inconsequential to the average person . 
  the uk and eu trade massively with each other and are exceptionally close military allies ( bilaterally , through csdp and through nato ) . 
  funnily enough the election of the prime minister is closer to being the other way round . 
  technically , you vote for your local mp , and that vote goes towards electing the next pm . 
  however , far fewer people than you 'd expect could actually name their local mp . 
  they could all name the prime minister though ( which is obvious and understandably expected ) , as he 's the country 's leader ) . 
  do meps have seats assigned to them in the ep ? 
  or do there political groups have sections assigned to them ? 
  i do n't think it will cause overwhelming distress to the uk-german relationship in europe . 
  yes cameron vehemently opposes and merkel vehemently supports juncker 's appointment . 
  but beyond that appointment , there is no reason for them not to work together . 
  the same goes for other countries . 
  yes cameron has failed in this , quite spectacularly too . 
  but he has n't personally upset/offended anyone , and neither have they done that to him . 
  diplomats are surely much more flexible beyond something like this . 
  [ here 's a bbc article on just that . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-eu-27993218 ) its not about juncker himself , more about the ep making a strong power grab . 
  that 's why schulz was quick to admit defeat and why he 's been fully supportive ever since . 
  that 's very interesting . 
  they create an interesting dichotomy though . 
  quitting would suck :  two goldman sachs bosses have warned that the city of london 's many financial firms would flee the uk if it were to quit its membership of the european union but renegotiating would be successful :  according to a submission made by jpm to the uk treasury , the bank added that britain is likely to get `` what it wants '' should the government negotiate with the eu . 
   hard to say , but a lot of them , certainly most of those in the financial sector will . 
  why would the financial sector be so hard hit ( honest question ) ? 
   it 's fun to be unofficial rivals with you guys , but to codify even an implied dick measuring contest into your name would be kinda awkward . 
  and unfortunately that 's what this seems to lead to . 
  so much discussion on here goes down the road of europe being this marvellous do-no-wrong counterbalance to the usa . 
  which is all garbage , europe is no saint , but some people frustratingly truly believe it . 
  numbers means we have to change it every time something happens . 
  so we 'd end up with kalmar v7 .6.2 , all because some shit pot town decided it wanted to go independent . 
  large parts of europe will never be a part of a european federation . 
  as oppose to all of america , which is part of the usa ? 
  yeah sure , but anyone can get in if we simply say `` wait 30 years '' . 
  there 's no point in even having discussion . 
  the gas powers a fair portion of our economy ( e.g. 
  winter heating ) . 
  without it , our industry would slow down massively and we 'd be somewhat fucked in the winter ( e.g. 
  1 we have to transfer munitions energy to heating or 2 we get very very cold ) . 
  so no , gas does not power tanks and missiles , but yes , it is indirectly very much essential . 
  you 're right . 
  sweden could easily meet those criteria . 
  it deliberately chooses not to because of a lack of public support . 
  whilst the uk and denmark have formal opt-outs , sweden deliberately fails the criteria as something of an informal opt-out . 
  morocco already tried that argument . 
  they got rejected on the grounds of not being european . 
  [ old la times source . 
  ] ( http://pqasb.pqarchiver.com/latimes/doc/292567752.html?fmt=abs&amp;fmts=abs:ft&amp;type=current&amp;date=jul%2021,%201987&amp;author=&amp;pub=los%20angeles%20times%20\\ ( pre-1997 % 20fulltext \\ ) & edition = & startpage = & desc = w. % 20europe % 20bloc % 20bars % 20morocco % 20as % 20a % 20member ) in short , there 's no way northern africa gets in . 
   russia is arming like crazy . 
  yes and no . 
  yes they are modernising ( so you 're right ) , but no because a fair portion of that is to improve training and social conditions for personnel . 
  [ from ihs . 
  ] ( http://press.ihs.com/press-release/aerospace-defense-terrorism/global-defence-budgets-overall-rise-first-time-five-years ) the latter of those is just a normal reform that 's seemingly very much necessary . 
   but i do not see the eurozone as a monolithic entity we are looking at the pros/cons of the uk joining the eurozone . 
  the key feature of the eurozone is that it is a monolithic group in terms of shared currency and all the trappings that go with it . 
  whilst that group maybe diverse , their shared currency is the focal point of all of this . 
  the uk would be giving up a significant amount of fiscal independence to join the ez , that 's indisputable . 
  its that fiscal independence that has allowed it to grow so quickly afterwards ( much like the usa ) .
