  then the teachers call a strike for that day too if the government does n't acquiesce . 
  the quote above this is that strikes are meant to show what would happen if the teachers were not there . 
  whenever the exam is rescheduled to becomes the next day worth striking on . 
  again though , reorganising puts the kids under a whole lot of new pressure . 
   that 's not true either . 
  it 's these same kids that will have to deal with larger classes and overworked teachers . 
  for the purpose of their exams in the short-term , they absolutely have nothing to do with those politics . 
  in the long-term yeah they are involved , but that 's not a justifiable reason to strike during the most important week of their academic year . 
  tl ; dr teachers could 've chose any day to strike , but they 've chose exam week . 
  they are using the kids as pawns for their demands . 
  strike at any other point because it minimises the damage to the kids that have nothing to do with this . 
   there has also been opposition from some circles in europe over admitting a majority muslim country into the eu . 
  german chancellor angela merkel and her conservative christian democrats party have advocated for a so-called `` privileged partnership '' rather than full membership . 
  the structure of this paragraph makes it sound like merkel 's cdu are against turkish membership primarily because they are mostly muslim . 
  is this just shitty provocative journalism , or have the cdu actually made this clear ? 
  he has 110 foot guards . 
  their foremost weapons are sword and baton . 
  [ vatican military wiki . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_vatican_city ) [ vatican soldier in uniform . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/da/gs1.jpg ), 
  the point is that if there was n't so much hysteria over gm then even more research would be done and much better crops would either already be on the shelves or would be much closer to being on the shelves . 
  the teachers obviously want to strike at the most important time of the year ( exams ) . 
  that 's incredibly selfish because in doing so they are harming the futures of thousands of young people . 
  those kids have nothing to do with politics . 
  if anything this makes me think those teachers deserve to be replaced as soon as new ones qualify because they clearly do n't care about the most important part of their employment . 
  finland does n't fuck around when its people are kidnapped !, 
  or a typo , but the first is better imo . 
  * ** axis ** - could be the lines on a graph ( ` x ' axis and ` y ' axis ) , or it could be nazi germany and fascist italy 's alliance . 
  i bet this has led to some interesting misunderstandings in the commission . 
  der spiegel made this map , so the eu sure as fuck have n't done that for us . 
  twats . 
  i can only speculate this of course , but they 've caught one of the fraud outlets . 
  what 's to say gerb did n't hedge their bets and run more than one fraud printing house , just in case one of them was caught ? 
  i 'd expect they are a little more sophisticated and diverse than one printing house and one chance of it working . 
  so what is it that makes you think reuters have made this up ? 
  or decided to print it after someone else made it up ? 
  how did bulgaria manage to get into the eu if this sort of shit is happening ? 
  forget all the shitty ` open door immigration ' type criticisms being made of bulgaria . 
  but rather , how ( and why ) did the eu let them in if this sort of stuff is happening ? 
  the eu waxes lyrical about its strict rules for entry . 
  yet we have cyprus with border issues on 100 % of its borders and nations entering the eu despite ruling part electoral corruption . 
  they 're taking the piss . 
   the `` less-than-virtuous cycle between the state and the private sector '' continues . 
  i do n't understand why the eu did n't take greater interest in this . 
  you 're very right , opap should 've been much more popular . 
  as soon as it became suspicious they should 've been straight in to make sure everything 's ok . 
  if it fucks up in the future we 'll have another round of criticising greece for being corrupt in the privatisation process . 
  even if that 's true it helps nobody . 
  greece and the eu both pay the price for it ( greece more ) and cohesion takes another step backwards . 
  agreed !, 
  i 'm all for nations using norway as a comparison , but saying they can be directly emulated as some governments like to do ( i.e. 
  making their nation just as wealthy and just as successful ) bothers me . 
  norway is a unique situation due to the overwhelming success and management of its oil and gas . 
  other nations can not do this , and not at this point in time . 
  they start with different resources , many of which are already privatised , and with the market in an entirely different place compared to when statoil was launched in 1972 . 
  fair enough . 
  the short-term is the crux of the problem unfortunately . 
  i would love to see how governments in northern europe would go about selling the idea of taking on hundreds of billions of $ worth of debt from the nations they 've been bailing out . 
  the argument should be the long-term benefits ( essentially everything you and the habermas link say ) . 
  unfortunately i doubt many populations could see beyond the short-term . 
   keep showing your bigotry and racism bitch . 
  i 'm not the one stereotyping a nation 's journalists and/or people . 
  my comment suggests the british have n't been so positive about the euro over the past few years because the euro itself has n't been positive over the past few years . 
  i 'm not saying the euro is inherently bad , not even close . 
  just that its current incarnation is bad ( it can and will change ) . 
  care to explain your accusations ? 
  or you 're alternative to the criticisms of the euro that are based on the euro crisis ? 
   you know how much the british hate the euro . 
  90 % + of british sources are negative about it for 3 years . 
  of course britain is negative about the euro . 
  most of europe has been negative about the euro for the past 3 years . 
  its not like al jazeera is going to sing its praises and talk about all the wonderful paradise like lifestyles the greek , portuguese , irish , italian , cypriot and spanish people have been living for the past few years . 
  a few years ago europe itself was talking about ` saving the euro ' before it collapses and plunges the continent into even worse financial crisis . 
  european finances have n't been too happy since 2007 , so what kind of reporting were you expecting ? 
   people do n't care . 
  they want out of the eu , they want a halt to open-door immigration , and they do n't want any of the parties on offer . 
  therein lies the reason why my criticisms are valid . 
  people want what ukip are offering at the moment because ukip and their policies have n't received full scrutiny . 
  they 've been the victim of petty bull shit from cameron et al. 
  calling them ` loonys and closet racists ' ( a comment cameron probably paid for ) . 
  there will be a very different view if and when ukip are put on stage and forced to explain and defend their policies . 
  the very point of having to explain the # 120bn hole in the economy ( i.e. 
  increasing uk debt by # 120bn every year ) will help break them . 
  ukip 's shitty economic plan is evidence of their ability to mismanage our economy and therefore to overwhelmingly miscalculate the ` costs ' of the eu and ` open door immigration ' . 
  if the ( possible ) referendum was n't several years away then we 'd have a very different attitude towards ukip , one that systematically breaks their policies and exposes them . 
   it does n't have to be political union , especially considering the hostile attitude 99 % of member states have towards that the hostility i was referencing is towards the idea of full political union . 
  with regards to the eu in general i fully agree with you . 
  when ukip 's economy is # 120bn over ( and that 's before they even get a seat in parliament ) then that 's very good grounds to criticise . 
  every country in europe is cutting defence spending , but ukip feels its necessary to arm to the teeth with a 40 % [ increase . 
  ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2013/mar/01/ukip-other-policies-bike-taxes ) the eu 's total budget is around $ 129bn ( payments from all member states and revenue raised by brussels ) . 
  the uk in total gives [ $ 13.8 bn . 
  ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/2012/nov/22/eu-budget-spending-contributions-european-union ) the uk also receives some money back , such as the rebate of $ 3.8 bn , plus any eu programmes in the uk . 
  however , ukip believe we will make around # 120bn from leaving the eu . 
  taxing cyclists is another idea of theirs . 
  apparently they cause unacceptable traffic . 
  but we all know the evil empire is located in brussels !, 
  we are mere tatooine . 
  the eu is aimed at political union ( many years away , but the fact we talk about it everyday means its there ) . 
  contrast with asean , which is economic . 
  there 's no political union and nations have achieved bilateral defence agreements to secure themselves , [ e.g.
