  if he wants to lead europe down that avenue he either needs to get apologising to the usa or needs to get europe arming itself . 
  the latter of those wo n't go unnoticed by the russians and they 'd understandably want to follow suit . 
   we need strong intelligence against russia . 
  that may well exist , but would not be released ( if snowden etc. 
  unearthed it ) . 
  the snowden leaks are proofed first to make sure they do n't cross a certain line vis-a-vis putting our own people in harms way . 
  the reason being that 's a first-class ticket to giving snowden 's enemies carte blanche to further declare him a traitor , enemy of the state etc. 
  the way of achieving their end goal was the most atrocious thing imaginable . 
  the thousand year reich was the target beyond this , initially with the idea of an anglo-german alliance . 
   the nato flag is seen as a symbol of peace . 
  the nato flag is n't a symbol of anything in my opinion ; i do n't think i 've ever seen it being flown , save for driving past a base that has a nato presence . 
  i 'd be astonished if more people recognised it than the eu flag . 
   i honestly would like to know how nigel farage would feel about the eu if he was offered to be the monarch of the eu . 
  let me tell you . . it 'll be `` business as usual '' in brussels under his watch i think farage would milk it for all it was worth , whilst slowly dismantling it . 
  he would deliver on his desire to destroy the eu , but in a slow way that profits him the most . 
  we have the funniest way of framing it though . 
  our non-high speed trains do n't suck . 
  they are actually the greatest trains in the world because we have n't had to replace their wonderful victorian engineering . 
  of course we conveniently overlook the 90s and early 00s , but lets not undermine our marvellous victorian engineering now ... 
   lol your coach keeps making wrong choices keeps making wrong choices ? 
  we 've played one game . 
  to become a rolling stone ? 
  it was a bit of a joke because skiing is traditionally an upper-class pastime or hobby . 
  but in seriousness , consider how difficult skiing is to get into in comparison . 
  its not as much about buying the equipment ( though i 'm sure that 's expensive ) , but finding the time and costs to go to a ski resort on a regular basis . 
  the overheads make it ridiculously expensive to pursue , whereas most other sports can be played , by and large , on streets or nearby fields . 
  there 's a top gear at the winter olympics episode from a few years back . 
  that 's about as close as we 'll get unfortunately . 
  norway is too rich for hockey . 
  that 's why they 're so good at the winter olympics , because its mostly stuff like skiing . 
   do you agree with this statement ? 
  you 're right about this . 
  its a very hyperbolic statement . 
  there is a debate to be had over the corruption in both of these countries , similarly for mistakes the eu has made ( it was n't long ago european officials were caught saying italy , greece etc. 
  should n't have been allowed in the euro ) . 
  classic ukip bull shit it seems . 
  prepare for a barrage of `` speaking up for the common man '' , `` as the voice of the people '' and `` ukip , as the party of common sense '' . 
   in which case let 's not use transparency 's scores as an authorative verdict on a country 's corruption level . 
  they are the best sources we have in the modern world on corruption . 
  do you suggest instead we ignore them and pretend corruption is n't happening ? 
  if we had a better solution that measuring perception , then we would . 
  sadly , the very nature of corruption means we are n't able to measure it directly . 
  it is much better to try and engage with it , than seemingly ignore it altogether as you imply . 
   the point is to debate things you 're capable of debating , otherwise it 's like farting in the wind . 
  i am . 
  you 've decided to try and declare the things i suggest ( such as the extant corruption in certain eu states or the global standards on measuring transparency as invalid ) . 
   what comes after is irrelevant to representative democracy . 
  the point remains regarding how many nations that have high level of corruption are also truly free . 
  sure you can choose between different candidates in a democratic election , but its not an election between a non-corrupt candidate and a corrupt one . 
  heavily corrupt countries tend to present a choice of candidates that are all corrupt ( as that 's where the money is ) . 
   as for transparency international , those show the perception of corruption that 's because measuring corruption is damn near impossible . 
  we can only measure what we uncover , and the whole point of corruption is to remain unnoticed . 
  separately , simply measuring convictions is n't worthwhile either , which is a core reason behind why we measure the perception of corruption . 
  the russian government has convicted plenty of people for corruption , but that does n't mean russia is now a non-corrupt haven of transparency . 
   i put more faith in them than randoms on the internet who think they 're all knowledgable about everything politics & economics . 
  obviously , but then what 's the point in being on a message board attempting to debate anything ? 
   what does corruption have to do with democracy exactly , so long as the election process is free ? 
  corruption makes democracy exceptionally difficult . 
  the election maybe `` free '' ( this is often questionable ) , but what comes after is not acting in the will of the people . 
   lets face it , its a fine line [ according to the most recent transparency international index , there 's more than a fine line . 
  ] ( http://cpi.transparency.org/cpi2013/results/ ) its a gradual descent given the eu is a 28 member union , but that does n't make it better . 
   the crucial premise that this level of corruption should make a difference to one 's membership to the eu is completely baseless . 
  referring back to the cpi , if this level of corruption is irrelevant to one 's eu membership , that means nations such as saudi arabia , cuba and serbia are all transparent enough for the european union ( these are three nations above bulgaria , the lowest placed eu member in 77th ) . 
  note i 'm only saying they are transparent enough , not that saudi or cuba should be in the eu . 
  on the other hand constantly saying we support ukraine , meanwhile selling russia the warships with which to missile the piss out of ukraine should it get any more aggressive is ok ? 
  if we 're going to debate the next tory leader ( if it was to be before the next ge ) , i 'd bet on gideon rather than gove , may or boris . 
   get out of your bubble and smell the roses , almost nobody agree with you really ? 
  this was the most successful election the sceptics have ever had , including winning the thing in two of the three biggest eu nations . 
  at no point have i said they have a majority , or anything close !, 
  it is ignorant to ignore those gains , as you clearly do . 
   the ec operates on pragmatism and it 's become very clear that the ep will not vote for anyone but juncker , if the ec tries to push another candidate they will run into a wall in the ep . 
  if it were that simple then the parliament could easily dismantle the council 's powerbase in favour of itself . 
  all it would need to do is unite , which in order to gain more power , it has shown is possible . 
   you truly have no clue how politics work do you ? 
  you think making enemies of others is a way to get what you want ? 
  delusional . 
  its a negotiation , one he maybe losing , but a negotiation nonetheless . 
  if this pushes the uk closer to the exit , it does so because british people feel alienated ( and i 'm not blaming that on any person or group ) , not because cameron has made enemies in europe . 
  not long back angela merkel had pretty strong enemies in greece , far more than cameron does here . 
  cameron 's problem is n't who comes to the commission , its who wins in the uk next year . 
  his hard stance on the budget won him plaudits domestically , this will be intended for the same . 
  so consider if you understand the politics of this yourself . 
   this could be just the situation bojo ( or , do n't laugh , gove ) is waiting for . 
  boris is n't an mp yet . 
  by any historic standards , it would take a cataclysmic collapse from cameron to force boris into eliciting a by-election . 
  gove also is in no position right now given his enemies across the teaching world and controversy with trojan horse . 
   one should not underestimate the european parliament 's own potential in terms of petulant obstructionism remember this is the election characterised by eurosceptic success . 
  the population at large is far less pro-eu than it has been . 
  so although the ep may well object to everything , it has a reputation it could do with not damaging . 
  they may well proceed in objecting to everyone except the withdrawn candidate ( who is at that point out of the race and therefore useless ) , but it may also come at a cost . 
   i would n't exclude a tory leadership challenge too there is zero chance of a tory leadership challenge as a result of this . 
  with the general election coming in 2015 that would be utterly disastrous . 
  of the three major parties ( of which only labour and the tories stand a chance of having the next pm ) , cameron is comfortably the most secure and charismatic leader . 
  the european council , to date , has also operated with consensus despite qmv being an option . 
  of course there 's always a first time for everything , though it would establish a very different mood within the council . 
  its tough to predict what that would be . 
   propose an immensely popular alternative candidate . 
  there is n't one , otherwise it would have been done already . 
  and if the ep are objecting to everyone else , what 's the point . 
   and juncker , the ultimate pragmatist , and lacking an actual political base , would have been quite accomodating of british demands , i 'm sure .
