   un security council is an archaic structure we should n't be in anyway . 
  a `` winner-of-ww2 '' group should n't exist in the 21st cenury . 
  in its current status the unsc is archaic . 
  but unfortunately the world is such that the big players need to have a stronger voice . 
  the unsc needs reforming , but that wo n't happen because its against every p5 member 's interests one way or the other . 
  poland has been under threat from pretty much anyone with a desire to war on the continent . 
  austria , prussia/germany , russia , the ottoman empire , denmark , sweden ( thirty years war - with russian support ) . 
  russia is seemingly the biggest threat ( vocally at least ) to sweden nowadays , but they have n't been at war since 1809 . 
  considering russia was n't responsible for starting wwii , wwi , the napoleonic wars or any ottoman invasion , it seems very unfair to declare russia `` has always '' been europe 's biggest threat . 
  and that 's just recent history . 
   it has always been it definitely has n't been . 
  just since 1945 . 
   this is the most disgusting , undemocratic and american thing a country can do . 
  mass surveillance is much more totalitarian/fascist ( e.g. 
  soviet russia , east germany , nazi germany and north korea ) than it is american . 
  * [ in 1915 ] ( https://yis7ahum.wikispaces.com/file/view/be_1914_gov_1_b3ds.png/205909044/800x392/be_1914_gov_1_b3ds.png ) * [ in 2015 ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8e/british_overseas.png ) quite a lot ... 
  why not the others ? 
  and would n't a union even more dominated by wealthy economies than the current one just lead to a sky rocketing of the euro ? 
  surely by that logic we are the most in need of freedom because we 've been under british rule the longest . 
  it is an attempt to win support for syriza 's actions now and in the future by creating a common enemy . 
  a greece that is 100 % behind its government is far stronger in negotiation than a greece that is divided . 
  casting aside all arguments about the legitimacy of these claims , its a very useful argument for syriza to remind the greek people that when germany was excessively indebted to greece , that debt was wholly forgiven . 
  and all greece did was spend $ it did n't have and not properly collect taxes . 
  the axis occupation was obviously far worse . 
  its probably part of frontex , which given the mass of border issues the eu has , should be far more prominent and powerful . 
  [ nfl star : they speak english in london ? 
  ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/548953/nfl-star-they-speak-english-in-london ), 
   the welsh and scottish parties were either very generic and unconvincing or i just did n't care about enough to listen to them . 
  definitely the latter . 
  plaid were neither here nor there , but sturgeon ( snp ) was the best person there . 
  on health everyone tried to suggest they would n't or had n't privatised the nhs , the snp showed they 'd kept scotland 's nhs together . 
  same with tuition fees as everyone blamed each other for them rising , whereas the snp noted they 'd kept tuition fees at # 0 in scotland . 
  what makes the tsar 's situation more interesting is his family appealed to the british and were turned down . 
  denmark also offered nothing , despite being even more closely related to the tsar 's family . 
  its stranger still considering the tsar and king george were close until war broke out and looked [ like twins ] ( http://41.media.tumblr.com/a63326eec3152dba09260a48819d87e5/tumblr_mwscwaz86n1r3raulo1_1280.jpg ) . 
  i do n't think it would . 
  their economy could n't sustain it in the 1990s and definitely could n't now . 
  nor did it have the operational technology to launch nukes , and developing that would 've created a giant pariah state in the 1990s surrounded by nations hostile to it ( evidence being the negotiations that led to them disarming in the 1990s ) . 
   and gb should be one of them , right ? 
  i never said whether gb would or should be one of them . 
  as a p5 nation and one of the world 's most active and geographically spread out nations it would make sense . 
   in a perfect word , nobody should possess them . 
  sadly , we dont live in this world . 
  its just arrogant to say : you should not build nuclear weapons because we or others already got some . 
  i fully agree . 
  zero nukes and zero possibility of future nukes is ideal . 
  the status quo is far superior to all nations possessing nukes . 
  despite its posturing , russia would n't nuke ukraine , it would n't come close and it would n't need to . 
  we are 100 % on the right lines working towards non-proliferation and stopping the future development of nuclear weapons by any nation . 
  some nations should have them , because if we all had zero then one nation got some , that would be tremendously difficult to deal with internationally . 
  lots of nukes also makes it more likely they would get into the wrong hands e.g. 
  pariah states or terrorists . 
  on ukraine , people overlook the situation in ukraine in the early 1990s and the ginormous pressure being put on it by the usa and russia alike to remove its nukes . 
  it was nowhere as simple as people like to think currently . 
  ukraine also was n't fully nuclear in the early 1990s . 
  technology was required that resided in moscow . 
  ukraine made the right decision in the 1990s in my opinion . 
  scotland seems to by and large oppose trident , or at least it being in scotland . 
  i think it is a position the snp take and would happily exchange for something more directly useful to scotland and that would n't cause job losses in scotland like removing trident would . 
  we seem to be moving closer to arming ukraine . 
  we will never outright protect them because they are neither in the eu nor nato . 
  if they join either of those then that would change . 
  i 'd rather not arm more countries with nukes , but that 's just me . 
  so you are saying that in actual fact , the netherlands could not single handedly suffocate the russian economy ? 
  then why did n't you ? 
  after what happened , why did n't the netherlands single-handedly `` suffocate '' the russian economy ? 
  europe ( including nl ) and the usa together have n't managed to suffocate russia enough to force them out of ukraine . 
   that would mean openly engaging a de facto nuclear armed state that 's also a nato member that 's not how things work when the netherlands invades ukraine and `` kills a few hundred '' rebels . 
  and no , the rest of the world would n't back them on it , because it would be dutch troops that first invaded . 
   we could single handidly economically suffocate them no you could n't . 
   home to the network of swift swift is hq 'd in belgium . 
  even if it were in the netherlands , it is a global network . 
  that means one nation can not single-handedly close it down . 
  if belgium chose to do it , it would have to respond to other nations that did not want that to happen . 
  hence agreement is needed . 
  the russian strategy is based on the status quo in ukraine . 
  your second point would be undone by dutch intervention in ukraine . 
  the third also does n't hold true assuming the dutch were the first to enter ukraine ( which they would be as nobody is about to invade the netherlands ) . 
   prior to the crisis the concept of a `` european army '' was isolated to ukip scare-posters and obscure policy-making in the pre-2009 era . 
  tbh i still think it is . 
  we are hearing talk atm and token actions , but that 's just because of what 's happening . 
  once ukraine quiets down , so too will a ` european army ' . 
  its not going to happen without member state financing , and looking at european defence budgets , that 's not about to change . 
   they would back down the entrance of the netherlands as a direct ally and backer to the ukrainian government , which is what they 'd be by attacking the rebels , completely alters the dynamic of the war . 
  it would give moscow the perfect situation to enter east ukraine with full force and publicity . 
  that is n't the case at present , hence why russia continues the facade of not being involved . 
  a nation-state intervening against the rebels gives full justification for any nation-state backing the rebels to also intervene . 
  that without doubt would not have been feasible . 
   that the 6th largest military force in the eu is unwilling to engage in such a scenario involving casualties of its own civilians is , in my view , an indication that that national model of foreign policy is nearing its end . 
  i agree with this in europe . 
  smaller nations have piggy backed on the plethora of alliances and alternatives . 
  interestingly though , there has n't been much call for the dutch to massively rearm in the wake of this happening , nor has there been a major push from the hague to unify european militaries . 
   spying piece of cum !, 
  is this a typo for scum , or did you actually mean to call him a piece of cum ? 
  i think the point you have made separately about the dutch being unable to wage such an intervention are correct . 
  it just would n't have been possible . 
  not to mention what other huge problems it would have created . 
  direct intervention against the rebels by a nation-state would give full justification for russia to intervene for their protection . 
  no more half-commitments like now , but full scale russian involvement . 
  it would create a lot more issues .
