  i completely agree re mont saint michel both as french , but more importantly from the perspective of a geographical icon . 
  i think the best hope of a pan-european icon rests with the shared landscape rather than the shared people . 
  things like the rhine , alps , danube . 
  why not glorify the land europe used to fight over now as a symbol of europe united ? 
  i imagine they are biding their time over it . 
  at the very minimum they might as well wait until cameron outlines his view and whether/when a referendum will take place . 
  whilst farage et al. 
  likely has more up his sleeve , the pro-eu campaign should play the role of opposition party here . 
  they are n't going 100 % to convince the public of the eu in much the same way opposition parties do n't announce policy until election time comes around . 
  greece will certainly need more than austerity to solve its problems , but this is the crux of my point . 
  austerity is required to help realign greek expenditure to value whilst the most basic things such as corruption etc. 
  are dealt with . 
  its incredible this even has to be pressured . 
  whilst german competitive advantage was facilitated by south european demand , politicians in these countries should 've recognised the amount of spending they were undertaking was simply unsustainable . 
  that certainly is not the fault of the average greek/italian , but germany should n't be the first nation blamed for facilitating an overly excessive demand . 
  suggesting the german position on addressing tax evasion and corruption needs strengthening seems a tough proposition . 
  germany 's desire for austerity in greece has strength . 
  whilst its being recommended , it is n't being implemented very strongly , which has unfortunately led to more criticism of the policy in general . 
  take a comparison against latvia , who implemented austerity in the state sector to cut spending thus allowing them to dramatically reduce their budget deficit . 
  they are recovering very well . 
  greece on the other hand has laboured towards austerity amidst often violent protests against it . 
  curbing tax evasion , reducing corruption as much as possible and reducing state expenditure ( especially in a country that has been repeatedly bailed out in the past ) would significantly help greece 's recovery and prevent this happening again . 
  i also find the idea that germany is deliberately sacrificing southern europe very tough . 
  germany , unlike italy and greece , implemented wage restraints among other policies years ago that allowed it to gain a competitive advantage , and armoured it against fiscal downturn . 
  i think the problem is what better solution is there than what germany is trying to enforce . 
  each day seems to bring with it a new story of greek corruption / failure to pay taxes / reckless spending in the good years . 
  aside from not paying taxes that 's not the fault of the greek population at all , but what do you do ? 
  they are . 
  its a quirk of the scottish system that their banks print their own notes , so in scotland you get bos , rbs , and clydesdale notes . 
  in some instances a mix of old and new issues multiplies the variety too . 
  there 's also a few others e.g. 
  falkland islands . 
  those are independent currency , but tied to gbp . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banknotes_of_the_pound_sterling#england_and_wales ), 
  germany certainly cares . 
  even if you presumed their actions to be utterly selfish ( which they are not ) , then they 'd want the uk in the eu because the loss of one of the world 's foremost economies from the single market would surely undermine the euro currency even more . 
  in addition to that a uk exit would harm the german economy through some loss of trade with the uk . 
  germany is one of the nation 's britain has a solid trade deficit with . 
  perhaps 27 would be a little excessive , but in the uk you could find 2 different english/welsh notes in circulation , plus 6 from scotland and northern ireland combined , jersey and guernsey individually , then the manx pound from the isle of man . 
  completely agree , but i dare not think of where the money to upgrade atms and vending machines etc. 
  would come from ( gb recently proposed this for new # 5 and it was struck down precisely due to machinery upgrade costs ) . 
  despite all this i think these warnings are n't particularly important yet . 
  no referendum has been announced , and as the bbc noted yesterday , the pro-europe campaign ( particularly from businesses that serve europe from the uk ) are yet to begin . 
  perhaps their quality is due to their intelligence and their drinking and merriment . 
  see the 1960s for further examples !!, 
  i completely agree !, 
  i just hope the networks take note of how easy it is to use whatsapp/skype and the growing presence of free wi-fi and act accordingly ... 
  this would be fantastic , but i guarantee that my side of the english channel will annoy me and argue this is brussels trying to force british people to actually talk to all you europeans :(, 
  in britain this is definitely part of the problem , in fact at the moment its the centre . 
  you only need to mention echr to make some people imagine some crazy nutcase altering laws to make britain worse as if hurting britain is their job . 
  the problem is you 're both right . 
  echr is n't eu , but britain certainly thinks it is . 
  i think it matters more in russia than france . 
  although he makes a lot of money , his individual taxes are a drop in the ocean . 
  plus the french seemingly realise he 's being a prick . 
  same for bardot . 
  as for russia , they should roll out the red carpet . 
  from their perspective its just free money ( a small amount , but still ) , plus a major cultural coup . 
  instead of being seen as the stereotypical land of autocracy and oppression , now they 're offering an escape from strong government ?? 
  the real problem comes for those against putin because depardieu 's presence seems to be having a legitimising effect ( see the culture minister job offers etc ) . 
  it 's certainly no good for them that depardieu talks of russia as a ` great democracy ' . 
  if anyone 's looking to be infuriated have a read of the comments section of any eu article on the daily mail 's web site . 
  generally speaking the most popular comment ( often with over 1,000 up votes ) advocates voting ukip and ` getting us out of this mess ' . 
  why are ministers and ex-ministers immune from prosecution ? 
  this is an important factor in berlusconi running for office again too . 
  surely step one would be to lift these immunities considering the articles alleges corruption at the highest level of greek politics ? 
  he 's in a very useful position regarding this . 
  he can freely echo public opinion and further ingratiate himself to the electorate without affecting his own role in any way . 
  i thought that was the plan exactly . 
  hold off the eu referendum for a few years so the eu can hopefully strengthen itself and thus appear more attractive to britain . 
  plus the scottish referendum in approximately 18 months , in which eu membership is increasingly important . 
  donetsk used to be awesome too i bet ... 
  i actually have enjoyed cardiff a lot . 
  the city is great . 
  the football not so much , but that 's mainly because my team got hammered in the play off final there . 
   or at least i assume everywhere - i live in cardiff , which is not exactly the centre of the universe i see no adverts where i live and work . 
  its good to know cardiff will be the donetsk of the uk . 
  i 'll stay away . 
  this is widely thought to be how hitler , or rather his entourage , operated . 
  its called [ ` working towards the fuhrer ' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ian_kershaw#the_.22working_towards_the_f.c3.bchrer.22_concept ) . 
  if you worked against him , his entourage would work against you . 
  if you worked for him , then you 'd see promotions and personal progression . 
  i think you 've replied to the wrong post . 
   personally , i 'd love to see russia being brought more into the fold , make them need us like europe needs them . 
  that is the case right now . 
  europe needs russia for its energy , russia needs europe for the revenue that generates . 
  that mutual dependence is why sanctions , especially over winter , never targeted russian energy exports . 
  china 's largest trading partner ( by far ) is the usa , russia 's is the eu . 
  chinese-russian trade is great for both china and russia , but the us and eu is still more important to each respectively . 
  china-russia trade is also very disproportionate in favour of china . 
  because the money saved on border controls is already invested elsewhere , e.g. 
  health or education . 
  schengen is wonderful for countries not on the periphery of the eu because it meant reallocating a lot of money previously invested in border agencies . 
   ca n't we start an information campaign in libya ? 
  hire an advertising agency to create an information campaign focussed on the dangers of the crossing [ australia tried it . 
  ] ( http://media.vocativ.com/photos/2014/10/australia-immigration_02-420x620.jpg ) it was criticised quite a lot . 
  it probably depends a bit on what motives underpin it . 
  `` you will not make australia home '' is more controversial than `` you will not make it to australia '' , especially given the picture is a boat in rough seas . 
  my understanding from that article is that eu citizens could be asked to do this . 
  eu migrants are a cause of health tourism too , but you 're right that they wo n't have to personally pay .
