  an independent scotland without islander oil is far less attractive , regardless of your perspective atm . 
  this has become relatively controversial over recent times . 
  here 's some choice pieces from [ another article to demonstrate . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scotland/9794316/alex-salmond-warning-over-shetland-oil-after-independence.html )  the snp has previously recognised the islands ' right to decide their own future but has since changed its mind , with oil revenues vital to its economic case for separation . 
   speaking after sending his letter , mr scott said : `` this week the genie flew out of the nationalist bottle . 
  the snp does n't believe in people determining their future unless it 's on their own nationalist terms . 
   a spokesman for the first minister [ salmond ] said : `` shetland is a valued part of scotland and will remain so . 
  shetland has largely been pro-union . 
  so should n't they get a choice too if the snp are pro self-determination ? 
  which could mean scotland goes independent but shetland stays in the uk . 
  or that scotland and shetland go independent respectively . 
  except that without shetland , scotland has considerably less oil , which really fucks the snp 's plans . 
  [ a second article related to this has this direct quote  ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scotland/9794268/snp-warned-off-outrageous-shetland-oil-grab.html )  stewart stevenson , a former minister and confidante of alex salmond cited the vienna convention on succession of states as evidence that shetland was too small to have any say in the post-referendum talks . 
  he said the treaty contains a `` population de minimis which would exclude shetland from the rights to the oil . '', 
  i fully agree with you . 
  i guess the difference is that cyprus , if it closes loopholes , only did so because it had no other choice . 
  that does n't justify benelux loopholes , it just explains why they exist whereas the cyprus one no longer does . 
  maybe if a benelux nation requests a bailout we will see their tax haven benefits being taken away ? 
   can push its national interest , which is inherently counter productive for europe as a whole . 
  you 're right , except this is a key foundation of the eu . 
  nations do n't implement things for ` europe 's benefit ' . 
  national governments delegate power when they think its in their best interest to . 
  the financial crisis is the best example ever of a case where nations do not think it is in their best interest to delegate . 
  germany will only change from plan ` a ' to plan ` b ' when plan ` a ' becomes worse for germany . 
  cyprus is only in this position because it has no other choice . 
  the classic example is cap . 
  its practically established fact that we should reform it further , but france , knowing that it would be bad for france , does n't allow it . 
  same goes for quitting strasbourg . 
  we all want it , except france , who ( and i agree with them ) , veto it because it would be bad for france . 
  the uk is a prime example of this . 
  ftt was rejected because its bad for london . 
  fuck europe 's opinion . 
  bonus limits for bankers is opposed , why , bad for london . 
  the uk got a rebate at maastricht not because its in europe 's interest ( its obviously not ) , but because its in the uk 's interests . 
  david cameron is at his most popular when he 's vetoing the eu because `` its in the uk 's interests '' . 
  the only reason beppe grillo exists is because italians want what 's in italy 's best interests , not the eu 's . 
  the problem is , ireland aside , when are those countries likely to need a eurozone bailout . 
  many of the territories you listed are n't even in the eurozone . 
   an attempt to undermine cyprus ' business advantages i 'm intrigued to see you develop this . 
  forgive me if i 'm wrong , but are you implying the eu is trying to diminish cypriot competitive advantage , for example , to the benefit of the northern european states ( a generalisation i know ) ? 
  i 'm not arguing with you , just genuinely intrigued for your opinion . 
  and the echr stuff , are you saying that this tax can be challenged ( and overturned ) legally ? 
  some people believe cyprus is about to [ close its tax loopholes ] ( http://english.ruvr.ru/2013_03_15/cyprus-may-scrap-tax-haven-status-to-get-eu-bailout/ ) as the next part of the bailout process . 
  if that happens then cypriot income taxes will rise to counter the lost revenue , whilst the tax threshold will fall ( at present cypriots enjoy favourable income tax laws because of its tax haven status ) . 
  an interesting point going forward is how the eu approaches cypriot tax haven and money laundering destination status . 
  will the eu allow it to retain these individual benefits at the detriment of other governments , eu and non-eu ? 
  it certainly is , but a little nuancing is required . 
  ( 1 ) what does the ` average ' tax evader do with their money ( average meaning normal people ) ? 
  my bet is they do n't consciously save it ( i.e. 
  the average greek is n't flush with savings atm ) . 
  greece has an average gross of $ 1124pm vs. cyprus at $ 1912pm [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_in_europe_by_monthly_average_wage ) . 
  cyprus also has lower tax rates , so cypriot savings can be expected to be higher . 
  a tax like this in greece would therefore need to be massive in order to accrue anything worthwhile from the average greek . 
  ( 2 ) what does the wealthy tax evader ( politician , high level businessman ) do with his money ? 
  i highly doubt that money is locked away in some athenian bank account as these people will be far more financially sophisticated than that . 
  [ this article and revelation ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/greenslade/2012/oct/29/press-freedom-greece ) claims at least $ 2bn is in switzerland . 
  a tax on greek banks is n't touching that . 
  cyprus however , had all those rich people 's money and plenty more from russia . 
  it , unlike greece , is a tax haven . 
  maybe some greek tax evading money is locked away in cyprus ? 
  put it this way , given what is happening in cyprus atm , any wealthy businessman with his/her money in greek accounts ( likely minimal given greek instability atm ) will be shifting that out asap if they fear this is happening . 
  a few possibilities : * speech circuit : he can give speeches for shit loads of money . 
  blair does it , david miliband does it , obama is going to make a fuck load from doing it . 
  * directorships and the like : blair became a senior advisor to jp morgan . 
  conspiracy theorists like to link this with his middle east envoy job . 
  would he use his middle east role to lobby for jp morgan , thus earning himself a nice income ??? 
  * teaching : go teach a class on eu integration and eu government rompuy . 
  i 'm sure people would love your expertise . 
  * government advice : advising government 's on how to operate , or on how to interact with the eu ? 
  again , blair 's a culprit with tony blair associates . 
  * charity : he could start up some charity . 
  * book : maybe author some stuff about being an eu president during the crisis . 
  he does n't seem the type of guy to do a tell-all and reveal who is being a prick in council negotiations . 
  imo after all the bank criticism he 's offered , he be a real hypocritical cunt if he ended up in some banking directorship . 
  that would likely also see him advising banks on how to circumvent eu regulations and laws in exchange for a massive bonus - oh the irony !, 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not supporting the policy . 
  just saying that this policy exists because cyprus , unlike spain , greece , portugal , and italy , has lots of non-eu and tax evader money ( namely russian ) . 
  that is why this policy exists in cyprus . 
  that is also why it does n't ( and wo n't ) exist elsewhere , especially if the cypriots continue to protest it . 
  do n't buy the mobster line . 
  the tax exists to make bailout a eurozone country using a large portion of non-eu ( russian ) money . 
  the ` mob ' are a tiny portion of that . 
  most of it will come from oligarchs , the people we all know about . 
  liar !, 
  i have a link [ here ] ( http://anarcho-capitalism.meetup.com/members/gb/x8/rhiwddolion/ ) that shows you welsh people are meeting up in rhiwddolion to discuss anarchocapitalism . 
  this bailout occurred due to cyprus ' unique position in the international economy . 
  the majority of people contributing to this bailout are cypriots obviously . 
  however , the majority of money going towards this bailout comes from russian ( and british and whoever else ) money launderers and tax evaders . 
  to this extent its a unique , almost ingenius move ( if it were n't for the obvious moral dilemma ) . 
  the eurozone and imf have just bailed out a country using tax launderers money . 
  consequently , this bailout is impossible in other nations because there are n't as many tax evaders there . 
  take greece for example . 
  a levy like this ( seeking several billion $ ) would have to be paid almost exclusively by the greek people . 
  no tax evaders are putting their money in greek banks . 
  greek tax laws are n't conducive to such actions . 
  the same goes for portugal , spain , and italy . 
  the only countries that need worry about such policies are those that enjoy tax haven status . 
  in a way this policy in cyprus is n't surprising . 
  the eu has been targeting tax havens for a while now . 
  [ read this from the commission . ],
