  translators are there for a reason . 
  should the eu have an official language ? 
  in my opinion yes , it should move towards one quickly . 
  a common language is necessary to solve major problems such as labour mobility . 
   turkey freaks the fuck out and launches nuclear weapons on russia , which , since they 're in nato , also leads to the united states , france and the united kingdom launching nuclear weapons . 
  nato and article 5 especially do not apply when a member state is doing the attacking . 
  it is designed as a defensive article , to be used when a member state has been attacked ( e.g. 
  it was used when the usa was attacked on 9/11 and considered when the uk/falklands were attacked ) . 
  what makes you suggest that ? 
  and nato probably would n't go straight to nuclear in any eventuality . 
  surely it would be a calculation based on the likelihood of an enemy nuking us ( then a pre-emptive strike ) . 
   they just shocked the market and then went right back to being the reliable supplier , albeit at higher prices . 
  there you go , at higher prices . 
  what you say about the 70 's could be a direct repeat in the event of a russian embargo . 
  europe quits russian energy and opec responds by limiting supply . 
  as a result europe becomes more desperate . 
  i agree opec would surely love to supply more energy to europe . 
  but there 's nothing that suggests they would voluntarily do it cheaper , especially not when europe would be growing desperate . 
  there 's no logic behind that . 
  the longer europe goes without russian energy , the more europe needs energy . 
  consequently , opec can charge more for their energy , capitalising on the european need for it . 
  fuck it , why not . 
  they were going to lose the referendum anyway , so might as well do it publicly and vociferously . 
   however we should see long term planning to weaken dependency on russia . 
  that 's happening anyway . 
  renewable research could be greater and the emergence of the usa as an energy exporter will be a game changer . 
  i expect fracking to become less evil in the eyes of governments as a result of this too . 
   it wo n't matter who caused it the soviet union collapsed largely of its own accord . 
  it was opposed to the west for decades and economically was nowhere close . 
  this however , would be attempting to destabilise the russian economy directly by the west . 
  regardless of whether its because of crimea or not , its our actions . 
  and it would be harming millions of ordinary russians that maybe never cared about crimea anyway . 
  this is a case of perception . 
  perhaps we simply disagree . 
   not anymore . 
  bp-tnk was sold to rosneft i recall the sale . 
  bp are the second largest [ stakeholder in rosneft . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/12/us-rosneft-bp-oil-idusbre9ab07a20131112 ) they are exposed . 
   he 'll play ball with the west there 's no way of proving that . 
  i tend to trust in what our leaders are doing in this case given their information on him is significantly more than ours . 
   norway and north africa can kick production up a notch norway maybe , at a cost to them . 
  the african nations are in opec , so why would they break rank to help . 
  they act in their own self-interest and a europe without russian energy is a europe in need of a market . 
   if the west was n't willing to bat for a country that gave up it 's nukes , then no country without nukes is safe , and soon we 'll have runaway nuclear proliferation . 
  just think of what iran could now say about it 's nuclear program that 's a very very big jump . 
  nukes do n't happen overnight . 
  it takes years and years to develop them . 
  the cost is also ginormous . 
  re iran , well iran is not russia . 
  russia is a completely unique nation in this ( size , strength , economic interdependency , everything ) . 
  we avoided direct and public attempts to seriously harm the soviet leadership during the cold war , we 're hardly going to attempt to destabilise them now . 
   neither condition will be fulfilled within a month and a half or two of hard economic sanctions . 
  but who 's to say the russian people will turn and blame putin and the oligarchy for that . 
  their media will portray it as the west imposing harsh economic sanctions against them . 
  it will portray the eu/usa as the aggressors and ordinary russians the victims ( no doubt putin the strongman saviour ) . 
  and for what the russians might ask ? 
  for saving ethnic russians from an illegitimate ukrainian government ( think of they would phrase this ) ? 
  there 's also the difficulty of being reliant on the russian economy . 
  take the uk . 
  we import some gas from russia , that would hurt us . 
  two , bp are invested in russia , so one of our big companies would take a hit ( do n't know how many other companies as well ) . 
  three , the uk pension is invested to an extent in bp , so that would take a hit . 
  four is general confidence in the city of london , our core industry . 
  if the government are willing to alienate russian investors when the uk does n't like russia , will that make people lose confidence in the city ? 
  cumulatively that makes a lot of different problems the uk government and people will face in trying to do this . 
  our government would need some strong public support for this , something i doubt would be forthcoming . 
  poland , given their history with russia , is an entirely different beast . 
  then there 's putin 's reaction . 
  lets assume sanctions are imposed in a clear attempt to destabilise russia ( do we want a severely unstable russia ? 
  that 's a factor unto itself ) . 
  does putin seem like the type to take it laying down , or is he likely to turn it up a notch ? 
  and how ? 
  economic sanctions are one thing , but if it went military then are we willing to risk that ? 
  it would look mighty bad for us to be big and strong risking our economy , only to back down when the troops are needed . 
  selling sanctions is one thing . 
  selling military action entirely another . 
  i have no idea what the pnc fee is . 
  i definitely did n't have to pay it , but maybe its an american thing ? 
  for the record i did n't pay them a cent . 
  i 'm sure they manipulated the exchange rate slightly , but it was negligible . 
  their income , as i understand it , was due to the volume of trades they do . 
  i 'd recommend emailing them and asking for info . 
  i learned that you want to get your info on the forms etc. 
  absolutely correct . 
  making an error may lead to additional costs ( incurred by yourself of course ) . 
  and yes , i do believe it is an international wire transfer . 
  hope i helped . 
  he certainly does use it as a scapegoat for stuff , but i 'd like to know if other european leaders do the same . 
  i 'd be astonished if its only the uk . 
  not that this whole period is productive for europe , but its important to remember the timeframe . 
  we await a possible referendum that was set for 2017 to deliberately give time to strengthen ours and europe 's economies in order to stimulate support for eu membership . 
  in the meantime not much will happen because the priority is still achieving stability . 
  if he achieves a renegotiated deal ( of any scale ) it will be a good thing . 
  it will reaffirm britain 's position and likely set up a way in which further integration can happen without british opposition ( though be aware we rarely act alone and are often in coalitions that the media only ever discuss deep into their articles ) . 
  once the referendum has come and gone and if we have stayed in europe , we 'll know we are there for at least a generation . 
  that 's a generation of being actively involved in achieving integration in a manner we want it ( like everyone else does ) . 
  avoid using the banks at all cost . 
  they slap on ludicrous fees i think because people do n't think to shop around . 
  go through a different service altogether . 
  i 've used xe in the past and it was fine .
