  if they did then it would have happened . 
   he 's only setting himself up to look bad when he fails to achieve what he says he wants . 
  my expectation is he is asking for the big changes as an opening point . 
  its a good move for two reasons . 
  firstly , a high negotiating point should in theory yield a higher end settlement ( obviously this is theoretical ) . 
  the second is he can claim he 's trying all this to the british people . 
  the uk is n't dumb . 
  if the opposition to ending free movement is that strong , then nobody except farage will blame cameron . 
  it will be that cameron tried , but there 's no way of altering free movement and that 's not his failing . 
  people will vote to remain . 
   do n't fool yourself . 
  at no point have i said european have been more or less racist than anyone . 
  just that they have been racist . 
  your response sounds presumptuous , suggesting europeans have been less racist than other groups throughout history . 
  from the continent that brought the world the holocaust , the destruction of central and south american peoples , large parts of the slave trade and the majority of global imperialism . 
  please do n't be so naive . 
  the goal should be zero racism , not less than everyone else . 
   these people are working for the russians and need to be protested and ousted from their civic duties . 
  that depends what you mean by `` working '' . 
  if they happen to be pro-russian , there 's nothing legally wrong with that . 
  if they are however receiving funds from the russian state in order to be pro-russian , then there 's an issue . 
   your `` proto-racism '' and `` ethnocentrism '' are in reality normal traits common to all europeans since antiquity till this day . 
  so you agree that europeans have exhibited racist tendencies since antiquity to this day ? 
   the concept of `` white '' is an american invention that was created some 200 years ago , so there really were n't any white male oppressors who would oppress non-whites the slave trade is a pretty strong example of the oppression of non-whites that 's older than 200 years . 
  whilst there are certainly modern definitions of racism , that does n't mean that older societies did not exhibit types of proto-racism and ethno-centrism . 
  this is evident in views of greek or roman superiority ( e.g. 
  aristotle declared non-greeks as ` slaves by nature ' ) . 
  it is historically inaccurate to try and apply a modern definition to ancient world , but because the ancient world did not share an identical definition of racism , does not mean they are bastions of equality . 
   as i said , it 's what people have always done . 
  that does n't make it correct . 
  for millennia we believed anyone that was not a white male was by default inferior to the white male . 
   what i tried to mean though is that these scots that theorically have changed their mind probably would like to see some sort of intention and will to start the change . 
  this is happening . 
  the tories proposed pretty solid devolution to scotland , accompanied by the equivalent devolution to england . 
  labour 100 % oppose it because the practical consequences are labour being weakened in westminster . 
   there has to be a reason why , according to this article , sccotish ' opinion has changed that much since the referendum . 
  there is - there is no referendum anymore . 
  what people say they want and what people actually want are two different things . 
  this also happens in quebec . 
  everyone wants independence until the vote is actually happening . 
   however , i think 42 days are enough time to start doing something about it . 
  42 days is nowhere close to enough time . 
  it took 264 days to create the referendum ( opening consultations by the scottish government and the edinburgh agreement that created the referendum ) , and 967 days from opening consultations until the referendum itself . 
   i ca n't thing of anything more urgent and important other than solving the finantial crisis and its effects . 
  the uk 's economy is getting much stronger , so this is quite unrelated . 
  in fact , it is the weakness of major trading partners in the rest of europe ( amongst other things ) that is helping hold the uk back . 
   i would be angered as well if after more than a month nothing had changed or made signs of change . 
  there are signs , lots of them . 
  the debate over what to do is happening . 
  labour and the conservatives are offering different proposals for the devolution of powers to scotland , and with a general election in may 2015 , it is a big issue . 
  as i indicated above , 42 days is not enough time , nowhere close . 
  i would urge you to find any example of a policy cycle that took 42 days . 
   but is it really needed a change in the constitution the uk does n't have a constitution per se , so no . 
  what is needed is to spend time on the issue and deal with correctly and with due process . 
  not to piss away a quick fix . 
  ` yes ' want their powers . 
  ` no ' want to debate the process . 
  ` yes ' think this should have been done pre-referendum . 
  both are right . 
   out of everything they promised ? 
  they did n't promise anything specific , just that ` more powers will be given ' . 
  since the referendum the debate has now moved onto what those ` more powers ' should be , and its all lining up to be a battleground in the general election . 
   polls are often/usually wrong stands . 
  that 's completely incorrect . 
  polls are most of the time very accurate . 
  they change over the course of time because people 's opinions change over the course of time . 
  take for example the night of the referendum . 
  the head of yougov was on tv openly declaring a ` no ' victory , based on the latest poll yougov had done . 
  he was bang on with it too . 
  precisely this . 
  its the same as the cold war . 
  they are n't going to attack . 
  they have no intention of it . 
  but it lets europe and the usa know that if they wanted to attack , then they could have . 
  fwiw its not just the russians . 
  in august , a us submarine was [ expelled from the barents sea ] ( http://in.reuters.com/article/2014/08/09/ukraine-crisis-russia-submarine-idinl6n0qf0j420140809 ) . 
  same rationale . 
  yay for russia as they removed it , but if it got that far , it could 've opened fire . 
   and too close together to nuke eachother . 
  as oppose to russia and ukraine , which also border each other . 
  i do n't know the name of any greens politician at all . 
  the lib dems however are currently part of our government , with politicians including our deputy prime minister . 
  granted this is just me . 
  but the difference in size between the greens and lib dems is plainly evident in our incumbent parliament and government , and all previous ones . 
   they do n't blame the eu for being a moneygrabbing conspiracy against their specific country , but just ask for a practical solution to a practical problem rather than amping up the us-vs-them rhetoric and claiming the eu is out to get them . 
  and in fairness , the uk is paying 4x more than the next country in this ( and i am yet to see how anyone managed to back project figures for the black market for 20 years ) . 
  eu economic policy lately has also been squarely targeting the financial services industry , which is the uk 's core . 
  that might not be designed to hit the uk disproportionately , but it does so . 
   that 's not what i meant : more often than not it 's specifically about the uk 's contribution . 
  i disagree . 
  the uk 's critiques are far broader : immigration , uk financial contribution , lack of collaboration on defence and ebola and benefits are some examples . 
   if the eu were to take the initiative and set up an ebola fund on eu level it is something the uk wants to take to the [ eu level ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/eu-seeking-1-billion-euro-fund-ebola-095507693.html ) , but is so far unsuccessful . 
  cameron has called for eu meetings on this . 
  ashton ( here an eu representative ) supports these calls . 
   there are other states too who have to make additional payments , why do n't we hear them ? 
  [ we do hear them . 
  ] ( http://online.wsj.com/articles/netherlands-wants-more-time-for-extra-eu-payments-1414511430 ) plus the uk has to pay four times more than the next nation , so its expected they 'd complain more . 
   but it 's always about the money and only the money . 
  that 's a little distorted . 
  the uk 's complaints are generally finance related because finance is the core of british industry .
