   to pretend there are any actual ideas for improvement and valid criticism of the union coming from the brits i think these points are deliberately ambiguous . 
  this way there 's more of a chance of amassing coalitions to work with . 
  take the first for example : * powers flowing away from brussels , not always to it are we talking about specific laws e.g. 
  some single thing passed in 1976 ? 
  is it broad policy areas e.g. 
  jha/economy/foreign policy ? 
  or is it more general , thus opening the door to any policy at any time , should the right coalition arise ? 
  what happens now is the other 27 member states look at this and see if there 's anything they 'd like to work with . 
  merkel has already suggested she 's open to powers being transferred back to berlin , as as rutte . 
  that 's a coalition of three , supposing they can find common ground over what they all really mean . 
  i agree there 's nothing concrete in these points , but there is n't meant to be . 
  seems i did . 
  thanks . 
  this wo n't be going before the council , commission or parliament as a flat set of reform points . 
  it will also not be a case of all or nothing . 
  it will almost certainly be a starting point for negotiations . 
  success here will be if some of these incite support from fellow member states , leading to minor success in some of the seven points . 
   how on earth can he promise anything within the next 2 years . 
  nothing too strange about that . 
  its just an election promise . 
  perhaps he should prefix it with `` if elected '' , but that could be a translation issue . 
  with 140 % of people voting , right cause must be really shit to only score 0.59 % of the vote !, 
  google translate of the above :  you for the reunification of the crimea with russia on the rights of the russian federation ? 
   you for the restoration of the constitution of the republic of crimea in 1992 and for the status of the crimea as part of ukraine ? 
  solely regarding the g8 ( i.e. 
  excluding other sanctions ) probably not far off ( two or three missed meetings maybe ) . 
  no country or leader is ever permanently excluded from anything . 
  especially when their country is as powerful as russia . 
   just because you want a thing does n't mean you should have it . 
  correct . 
  except autocrats do n't play by those rules . 
  so for the rest of us its unfortunately irrelevant . 
   like when he 'll be entirely isolated from the entire rest of the world nk style . 
  not a chance . 
  nk is a geographically isolated nation with a sub-grade military . 
  they have lots of soldiers , but nowhere to send them as their enemy is one giant dmz away . 
  they would n't come far before bombs decimate their numbers . 
  they are propped up entirely by the chinese . 
  russia on the other hand is one of the world 's biggest economies , one of the biggest exporters of energy ( the most important commodity in the world ) and a nuclear power . 
  love or hate them , they are too big to be ignored . 
   we 're not , and have not been `` taking apart russia '' . 
  you 're right we have n't . 
  but again , autocrats do n't play by those rules . 
  they believe what they believe and the rest is irrelevant . 
  versailles did n't leave germany with a lack of lebensraum . 
  did n't stop hitler . 
  i suspect we both agree with each other . 
  i 'm merely outlining that autocrats play by their own rules . 
  you 're right , they often end up dead , but sadly after a war ( and nobody wants that with russia - this is n't libya or iraq ) . 
  yet there always seems to be others who think they can do better . 
   most people forget though , that russia needs german money at least as much which makes german sanctions against russian energy exports the economic equivalent of mad or a suicide bomber . 
  germany is n't going to shit can its own industry and life style in order to ` teach russia a lesson ' . 
   he entirely started that shit when he decided he would invade because kiev was n't licking his boots anymore . 
  that 's all he needs . 
  kiev ( along with the rest of the former soviet states ) are and have always been russia 's in the eyes of russian nationalism/imperialism . 
  that the eu/nato is taking them away from russia , piece by piece , is wrong in their eyes . 
  obviously this overlooks a ton of logic and the recognition of the free will of poles , ukrainians , lithuanian 's etc. , but its not like autocrats ever use logic or recognise free will in the first place . 
  no sanction should ever be permanent . 
  its more a short-term destabilisation to demonstrate dissatisfaction . 
  once its over russia will be back in the g8 . 
   wide shots can be boring and bad yeah but when the article is about thousands of people protesting , the accompanying photograph is ** always ** a shot of those many thousands . 
  that is , unless there actually are not that many people there . 
  creative shots are cool of course , but as / u/barsoap says , they should be used as an additional . 
  not as proof of the many thousands protesting . 
  it would 've been interesting if ukraine had never referred to russia in this , just ` crimean self-defence units ' were repelled . 
  obviously they ca n't do that , but just to see what russia 's response would be . 
  yes but its on youtube , so its for the rest of us too now . 
  no explanation will ever be offered , so the answer unfortunately is they wo n't . 
  i agree with you completely , but soft power from the uk and france alone is minimal . 
  our exposure to russia is less than the rest of europe , to the extent that our sanctions would n't hurt them too much . 
  the key is quite clearly germany , but germany would see its industry temporarily turned to shit without russian gas . 
  its a joke name . 
  speak for yourself , i certainly am not . 
  the reason is i am in a country that has continually invested in its military and boasts enough of a deterrent within its armed forces ( and the obvious nuclear deterrent ) . 
  the mistake was nations that have attempted to free-ride on defence for years now , assuming that the bigger nations will jump to defend them . 
  that was never going to happen . 
  france does n't see defending lithuania as equal to defending france . 
  for as long as nations continue to free ride in this sense collective defence will never happen . 
  i also remind you that so far crimea has been invaded , pretty much . 
  that 's it . 
  not an eu nation , not a nato nation . 
  not even mainland ukraine ( not to suggest that crimea is any less important than the rest of ukraine ) . 
   the eu does have a foreign office and if the member states allowed it , it could act as their liaison tomorrow . 
  this is a failure of solidarity . 
  true but the diplomats inside the external action service are not going to be senior enough to deal with a crisis of this magnitude . 
  they were selected for their position based on experience in what the eas does , which is not crisis management . 
  in that respect they would need to be replaced by a senior diplomat trained in this sort of thing . 
   it could not be said that member states were shunned because strictly speaking ukraine falls under none of their purview . 
  if any major eu member state ( uk , fr , ger ) was willing to make serious promises about sanctions etc. 
  then they would likely be in the meeting as well . 
  that they are not , especially as said meeting is in london , indicates the lack of response from member states . 
  the us on the other hand has become increasingly involved , hence its position at the table . 
   it can not act with strength because by doing so members would claim infringement on their sovreignty - and we all know there are certain people who would use that to gain momentum in an anti-eu movement ( coughukipcough ) . 
  and if it is not an eu competency then any party that wants to criticise the eu for acting beyond its powers would be right in doing so . 
  it would be disastrous for them because foreign policy is unlike any other . 
  making promises to deliver military action , economic sanctions or embargoes would be ridiculous . 
   sometimes they have to reign him in when has that happened ? 
  i have never read or heard anything reputable that suggests any oligarchs control putin . 
  the two biggest to make an attempt were khodorkovsky and berezovsky . 
  they both lost .
