  so on and so forth . 
  in the case of russia , no warships is france , financial/banking sanctions is the uk , energy is germany , trade is italy . 
   the west is inert and will never be sure what actually happened ? 
  the us and uk are already saying it was a missile from pro-russian rebels , possibly with russian help . 
  the only reason we may never be sure is because those same rebels are now blocking access to the entire site/s and , according to ukraine , destroying evidence . 
   i imagine they will say `` american intelligence said there were weapons of mass destruction in iraq '' there 's no chance they say that . 
  its not like 100 % us intelligence has been ignored ever since iraq . 
  and if the us ( also uk ) is saying it was rebels and wanting sanctions , whereas france refuses to accept that , it is not europe or the usa 's fault nothing happened . 
  that blame would be on france . 
   countries bordering russia would loose the most if sanctions were imposed . 
  the same countries also want to impose the sanctions the most ( baltic states , poland ) . 
  that 's massively debatable . 
  it all depends what sanctions and how severe . 
  try estimating the cost borne by the german economy if russian energy was all but banned ? 
  or the cost borne by the uk if russians were banned from european finance . 
  if the french military deal was banned by europe , then estimate how that may negatively affect future deals for french arms manufacturers ( and european ones in general ) . 
  ordered the shooting of a civilian aircraft would be a terrible decision in this war or any war . 
  that 's borderline conspiracy theory . 
  all it would do is worsen his position ( as it seemingly will given the repeated calls for further sanctions ) . 
   it was unheard of that rebels would have buk missiles until they , in their terminal stupidity , actually hit a freaking 777 out of the sky and bragged about it on twitter thinking they 'd hit a military jet . 
  i agree flying over ukraine is reckless at this point , but it was n't unheard of that the rebels had these missiles . 
  they 'd been parading them on social media . 
   but i understand that airlines will still avoid all of ukraine airspace just to reassure passengers who do n't know the difference . 
  exactly , the last thing you want to hear after the doors have been locked is that you 'll be flying over ukraine , then for the pilot to scramble in some excuses about how western ukraine is safest ukraine . 
   i dont think you understand putin . 
  he ` stretching the boundaries , it 's strategic . 
  are you suggesting he ordered this or somehow wanted / meant for it to happen ? 
   but this is not enough , lets see how far putin goes next time . 
  he himself did n't order this . 
  i 'm sure given the choice he would wish this incident never happened . 
  it will hurt russia and the ukrainian separatists . 
   the difference is russia plays the game with confidence but eu is afraid even of a thought of a risk the difference is russia is a single entity , with minimal domestic accountability . 
  the thoughts and risks you refer to will disproportionately affect one country in the eu more than others ( obviously depending on what the response is ) . 
  it 's these that make responses tough . 
  quite probably yes . 
  but it does n't change that the security council should and must have russia in it . 
  one could also argue for the usa and uk to not be in based on iraq . 
  its very much a case of an institution that is nowhere close to perfect , but it is the best we have . 
   kick russia out of being a permanent member of the un security council that would undermine the entire security council . 
  i get the symbolism , but its not worth it . 
  regardless of how much wrong russia did , or how much anyone/everyone else grew to hate russia , for as long as they are powerful enough , they should have a seat . 
   hate whoever you want but it will be putin that bought this upon you if it goes ahead . 
  although true , being right and being seen as right are two different things ( the latter being considerably stronger ) . 
  i could n't care less who anyone from moscow to manchester believes caused all this . 
  but if the west blames russia and russia blames the west , then there 's a problem . 
  i would argue its much simpler . 
  europe does n't want the consequences of strong sanctions to comeback and bite it . 
   i wish we took drastic turns to lessen the use of oil . 
  drastic moves away from russian energy would hinder our economy . 
  the turn , if it were to come , would be gradual . 
  that would be less ( or not at all ) damaging to our economy , whilst still making clear to russia that europe refuses to remain dependent . 
  then again , there 's the question of if we want russia to fully lose that custom . 
  for all people believe russia is , it is at least somewhat stable . 
  instability would be even worse . 
  it could create a myriad of terrorist organisations and separatists across the country . 
  that sounds like a continuation of the status quo . 
  everyone favours sanctions , but nobody wants the sanctions that affects them . 
  germany says no ships , france rejects . 
  france says economic sanctions , britain rejects . 
  britain says energy sanctions , germany rejects . 
  now factor in the rest of the eu member states . 
  yeah we 'll see how much of a laughing matter the rebels think our travel bans will be !, 
  no more romantic trips to paris for those pro-russian separatists !, 
   til ukrainians are n't european . 
  and you people wonder why a lot of eastern europeans do n't trust you . 
  to be fair , / u/axtolip said ukraine was not eu . 
  that 's different to being not european . 
  nor did he say the eu was the world police . 
  the sanctions , or lack thereof , are damn near meaningless nevertheless . 
  28 different nations , with different interests , most energy dependent on russia , and most in a persistent state of gross financial uncertainty . 
  sadly , its not a calculation that results in effectiveness of strength . 
  because it would need to be passed by the un security council . 
  in other words ( in this example ) , russia would need to allow it . 
  i completely agree . 
  i also do n't see why the eurozone can not replicate the coin system , which is country specific with pictures of kings , queens and iconic locations such as the brandenburg gate , for the notes . 
  the policy the ecb has for coins completely contradicts what it has for notes . 
   it 's going to be interesting to see whether an ec president with a popular mandate i do n't think this will be fully evident until the next commission president is elected . 
  in order to facilitate the legitimisation of spitzenkandidat , the epp and pes all but formed a coalition to support the other in order to support spitzenkandidat . 
  plus the sizeable eurosceptic grouping pushed the epp and pes together as pro-eu parties . 
  consequently , i 'd expect a few socialists here and there . 
  next time though , spitzenkandidat wo n't need legitimising . 
  and the sceptics may not do so well . 
  this would give the commission president an even stronger hand to pick his/her commissioners . 
   the banknotes are distinguishable but to me they lack something , they are so horribly bland . 
  while most banknotes have clear pictures of people or places euos seem unfinished , like someone printed the background only . 
  this is deliberate and the ecb officially addressed it in a pdf somewhere on their web site . 
  despite the fuck tonne of things they could use to spice up the euro , they choose bland , uninspiring and fictional things because these don ' e favour one country over the rest . 
  a picture of the eiffel tower , de gaulle or the seine would favour france . 
  how do you prove you are stateless in order to cross the border from estonia into russia ? 
  would n't you need some kind of passport document ? 
  that 's a genuine question btw . 
  and would n't being stateless also remove a lot of the social service benefits only available to people from that state ? 
  not just being able to vote , but things like housing or health benefits . 
   could you point out which eastern states are failing to meet requirements ? 
  i am referring to the 2 % requirement , and you answer your own question . 
  from your data , the following countries fail : poland , latvia , lithuania , czech republic , slovakia , romania , hungary . 
  here 's a [ wall street journal ] ( http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/sb10001424052702303802104579449571957045910 ) article using 2013 data . 
  only the usa , uk , greece and estonia meet requirements . 
  so its even worse than expected , with bulgaria failing too . 
   pretending it 's those dastardly communists freeloading on the military might of the western allies does n't really appear to jive .
