  first up , nato and the us are one and the same in that the us is in nato ( and very much the first among equals ) . 
  secondly , the very existence of nato depends on its ever present commitment to protect its members . 
  there 's nothing to suggest it would n't do . 
   nato needs 1 month to reach eastern europe in case of attack . 
  in what world does it take one month to get to `` eastern europe '' ? 
  they are n't picking and choosing between one class or another . 
  rather , between those who break the law and those who do n't . 
  note how the only people being targeted are those `` who abuse social systems '' , i.e. 
  welfare abuse . 
  do n't abuse the welfare and anyone , from any background , can stay . 
  abuse it and anyone , from any background ( not germans as its their country ) can leave . 
  and on the decline according to election results ( they lost 34 seats in the november 1932 elections , in the four months since the july 1932 ones ) . 
  there 's also the matter of the four chancellors appointed between november 1932 and hitler 's appointment on 30 january 1933 . 
  point being , hitler was not `` elected '' as / u/gerusz specifically states . 
   you should know that hitler was elected as well . 
  that 's not true . 
  hindenburg asked him to form a government and that 's how he became chancellor . 
  thereafter , hitler certainly `` won '' elections , in the same way all dictators `` win '' elections . 
   votes are unevenly distributed , the us and europe pretty much get to pick . 
  to the extent that its unofficially fact that the managing director of the imf will always be european , whereas the head of the world bank will always be from the usa . 
  though its undoubtedly a controversy , there 's actually not much wrong with what she said or that her position is tax free . 
  or that job prospects are better in the uk than elsewhere in europe right now , which is very true . 
   plus the fact that us-uk relations would become extremely strained if there is another iraq war type scenario any time soon . 
  there was , syria . 
  the uk rejected going in , whereas the french were game . 
  people questioned whether this would be the end of the ` special relationship ' , but they could n't have been more incorrect . 
   obviously things would still be bad if relationships with the french became strained but that is much less likely to happen . 
  that is purely conjecture . 
  there is nothing to suggest the us-uk relationship could turn sour much more than the uk-french one . 
   why do you think it is a feature of modern warfare ? 
  without wanting to appear simplistic , its a feature of modern warfare because that 's precisely the direction we are all heading . 
  nato and the eu 's csdp both prioritise interoperability because , amongst other reasons , modern warfare is significantly more expensive than at anytime in history . 
   serve as auxillary forces for superpowers and forcing themselves to rely on other states with no way to enforce any obligations if things turn sour . 
  this is overly dramatic . 
  taking the uk as an example , the uk is nowhere close to being reliant on other nations . 
  it is however stronger through its partnership with them ( us mid-air refuelling being one example ) . 
  the uk is not an auxiliary force of the usa . 
  syria proved that . 
  iraq should also be seen as evidence , but the uk media and population like to scapegoat our decision to send our troops to war on the usa ( seriously - it was our decision , we should accept that ) . 
   how many alliances last for ever ? 
  how many times have former allies turned on each other , either diplomatically or in open warfare ? 
  i feel it is very naive , especially as the us is n't exactly to be trusted to do anything but serve their own ends if we look at it 's aims and actions across the world since the end of ww2 . 
  again , massive conjecture . 
  france and the usa have been allies for 100 % of the usa 's history . 
  france and the uk have been allies pretty much since waterloo . 
  stating `` nothing lasts forever '' is a very poor argument . 
  regarding your final sentence , i would ask you what the usa has done that is so massively against uk interests since the end of wwii ? 
  our military is stronger through cooperation with them , our respective hqs and educational institutions benefit from sharing our experiences with one another , trident ( whether you support or detest it ) does make us stronger and is considerably cheaper than making our own . 
  your criticism of the usa only serving its own ends can be made equally of france or germany . 
   only strong relative to our size really . 
  and our navy and airforce are not in the best position due to reliance on us airbases and aircraft carriers , a problem which only looks to get worse . 
  this is just a feature of modern warfare . 
  its a benefit to us and should not be seen as a downside ( much like similar collaboration with the french ) . 
  the only time it would become a problem is if we decided to declare war on france or the usa . 
  if you are an isis commander though , there 's probably much better ways to spend that money than buying your average run of the mill soldier an $ 850k passport and sending him to malta to live for a year . 
   it is worrying to be honest , what if some isis militant uses it to get around the uk pulling their uk citizenship . 
  people need to pass a ` fit and proper ' type test . 
  if you show up as an isis rebel that has had their citizenship revoked , that 's surely a 100 % guaranteed rejection . 
  i ca n't imagine too many isis militants getting hold of $ 850k either . 
   so russians can get around the sanctions i presume this policy came in long before the sanctions . 
  its just coming to fruition now ( or rather , by spring 2015 ) . 
  i suspect its something that 's legal simply because nobody saw it coming . 
  malta has realised rich people will pay $ 850k for a passport , but not live in malta . 
  the beauty of it is that you 're buying an eu passport as well as a maltese one . 
  tell that to the scottish national party . 
  though tbh i do n't think ethnic russians are much of an issue in scotland . 
  seems a pretty good idea to me . 
  to what extent is this the president 's fault though ( i do n't know how french politics works in terms of the mandate of ministers , prime minister and president ) ? 
  i 'd like to this table , but based on how many billionaires are domiciled in that country ( i.e. 
  where the majority of their taxes go ) . 
   i know its only me ranting , but the amount of tax evasion from the budgets of other eu countries that are lost in the black hole of the city is ridiculously more then what the uk gives into the budget of the eu . 
  those countries could alter their tax laws to close these loopholes . 
  you 're also overlooking luxembourg and the netherlands as two major tax havens also within the eu . 
  not to mention banking secrecy in austria , or the ginormous non-eu tax haven that is switzerland . 
  in short , thinking the uk quitting the eu would lead to anything other than a continuation of the status quo on tax avoidance is simply foolish . 
   would it be less moochy to join the rest of europe in deeper austerity and lack of growth ? 
  yes , because then a new scapegoat would be necessary . 
   except that the same argument could be stated for scotland yet you listed them as a good candidate . 
  not really . 
  independent scotland in the eu is n't disputed in the same was as catalonia because the uk would fully support scottish independence in the case of a ` yes ' vote . 
  the spanish government has been plainly clear that it does not support catalan independence , hence merkel 's statement on territorial integrity . 
  although in principle both should be the same , legally they are not . 
   which even if it is the most probable outcome , has n't been officially confirmed so long as one state vetoes catalan accession to the eu , then catalonia is rejected from the eu . 
  all signs point to spain vetoing catalan membership , and if they do not , it is quite likely greece and cyprus would , in order to avoid setting a precedent for turkish cyprus . 
  again , the difference with this and scotland is that the uk government fully supports scottish independence if the scots want it . 
  even then though , that 's still a large portion of the planes made elsewhere . 
  the uk provides the wings and engines for all airbus planes , small , medium and large . 
  i do n't know the specifics of the spanish and german contributions unfortunately . 
  it actually shows some misinformation in the map . 
  though the french export these things , the parts of airbus planes come from across europe , with only final assembly in france . 
  see it more as europe is future , if anything . 
  they 'll sell to anyone . 
  the russians are just a facade for the real big deals the french are cutting with martian armies . 
  which is all the more reason why a common foreign policy would not work . 
   what about the border control from england to france as passengers will/may be leaving the eu ? 
  that happens anyway because the uk is not in schengen . 
   give us 20 years and our soldiers main tactic will be throwing their shoes at the enemy . 
  fortunately france has a booming fashion industry . 
  make sure your soldiers wear very high heels and they 'll do some damage . 
   more for the stolen shit that 's in it than the building i like how the seven wonders of the uk could theoretically be seven things we stole from other people .
