  for example , people clearly wanted sterling , but that was only possible without a currency union . 
  one key reason for this is sterling has been strong and reliable recently , whereas the alternatives are either risky or expensive ( scottish pound ) , or very uncertain ( euro due to the ridiculously long ez crisis/recovery ) . 
  the issue here is the timing of the referendum . 
  it came when the uk was beginning its recovery and the pound regaining strength . 
  the euro meanwhile has been uncertain and oft criticised . 
  if the referendum was held in five years time with the euro strong and reliable , or in the early 2000s when the euro was again strong , then voters may have preferred the euro , or an independent scottish pound prior to the euro after a few years . 
  years down the line it may become apparent that cameron pushed for the referendum to come when it did because it was amidst an environment that favoured the union . 
  if we , and importantly the eu , was in the middle of a strong boom , the whole campaign would 've been different . 
  do you think there 'd be a chance for someone like brown , or a senior politician that has left westminster ( e.g. 
  darling , but not darling because he was awful for better together ) , to become first minister ? 
  i think it would be very interesting to see a westminster heavyweight and former pm such as brown become an msp rather than mp , and try and become first minister . 
  i think its an international thing too . 
  most non-brits will focus on the internationally focused articles and not the british politics ones . 
  this is where the guardian 's strengths are . 
  its their stuff on uk politics that is sensationalist lefty shite . 
   this would not be an advantage they ever hold , as both sanctions kinda come as a set . 
  no , but the fact europe and russia are bitching with one another is neither reason nor justification to hit asian airlines , regardless of whether the consequences of europe/russia is an advantage to asia . 
  they have nothing to do with it . 
  and they would be likely to hit back , e.g. 
  europe imposes financial constraints on asian airlines flying over eu airspace , and in return asian countries impose the same restrictions on europe . 
  its a ridiculous cycle of events that fucks everyone . 
   if europe was to target asian airliners exclusively you would be correct . 
  however in this case it would be targeted against russia with the side effect of asian airliners to be a little inconvenienced . 
  that depends what the policy is . 
  as has been suggested , europe would impose sanctions on russia and russia exclusively . 
  europe would then choose whether it wants to impose sanctions on all other planes as well . 
  they are two very different things . 
   the political costs from getting involved ( more than just a little verbal protest ) would be much to high to justify it . 
  i completely agree , but getting involved is just imposing the same sanctions on european airlines that you suggest europe could or should impose on asian ones . 
  that 's not getting involved in anything militaristic , its just responding in kind to airline sanctions imposed on you . 
   this severely hurts aeroflot and any other russian based airline . 
  i agree . 
  it would be a terrible idea for russia to press ahead with closing airspace to european airlines , because of the consequences it would yield . 
   they do not really lose something . 
  if europe took action against asian airlines in order to , as you say , `` keep the market fair '' , then yes the asian airlines would be losing something . 
  that something is the competitive advantage they gained as a result of the eu and russia 's separate diplomatic affairs . 
   second russia is widely seen as the aggressor , the blame would be shifted towards them . 
  if europe implemented legislation against asian airlines , europe would receive the blame . 
   third china is taking a neutral stance in this whole affair as per default as they hope to gain from the conflict probably less neutral if its airlines started getting hit by legislation and increased costs , whether that 's from europe or russia . 
   there is literally no reason to get involved correct , but if europe changed that status quo by legislating against asian airlines to `` keep the market fair '' , for something that has zero to do with those airlines or the countries they are from , that would create a reason to become more involved . 
  if the russian government is banning all european airlines , that by implication helps russian ones ( not to mention aeroflot being state owned ) . 
  the airlines themselves might not be involved , but the link to banning russian airlines would have been made by russia banning european ones . 
  but nothing there is a reason to take action against asian ones . 
  not to mention that would probably make the same asian companies take action against european airlines in response , just as europe proposes to do with russia . 
  that 's neither a justification nor a legal reason to impose sanctions on airlines that have nothing whatsoever to do with this crisis . 
  this was my interpretation too . 
  some areas ( e.g. 
  sea land , baltica and cisalpina ) would be very wealthy or prosperous in comparison to some of the others . 
  in other words , still economically unequal , but where the leading regions are would shift around a bit . 
  not to mention those poverty stricken singaporeans and qataris . 
   or block aircraft from entering eu airspace if they 're coming from a russian airport or have just flown through russian airspace . 
  they 'll have to redirect to a nearby non-eu nation first . 
  what would be the point in targeting anyone that has flown over russia , especially when they are neutral . 
  china airlines has nothing to do with this , so should n't be punished for realising the quickest way from beijing to berlin is over russia . 
  perhaps more so than western europe ( uk aside ) does , but its nowhere close to unilateral . 
  for an example , check this place whenever something snowden related comes up , or occasional questions about a european unified military , ttip or snowden type questions come up . 
  this smacks of a desperation policy unfortunately . 
  coincidentally though , they 're targeting the youth vote with it , much like their previous pledge to abolish tuition fees . 
  i hope for their sake nobody remembers how that one went . 
   it seems that this kind of rhetoric is something that some french voters like . 
  although perhaps not as passionately as le pen , anti-americanism seems to be quite prevalent in europe these days . 
  iraq , afghanistan , american corporations , the nsa and ttip appear to be its foundations . 
   ... are n't they calling the brits to save scotland ? 
  really no . 
  the media is reporting and calling on the leaders of better together to act to save the union . 
  some examples : * `` monarch in talks with pm '' * `` osborne warns scots ... '' * `` queen in talks with cameron '' and `` rush to produce timetable ... '' ( its westminster producing this timetable ) * '' ... george osborne promises more devolution powers ... '' * `` westminster parties unite over scotland '' * `` leaders pledge to fast track further devolution '' this has relevance to the entire uk ( though its absolutely scotland 's decision alone ) , hence why its in the newspapers across the uk . 
  however , as you 'll see , the actual call to action is specifically for those who can and are supposed to be acting , i.e. 
  cameron , clegg , miliband , better together . 
  there would be no point in calling on the average english , welsh or northern irish person to do something . 
  we ca n't vote and were never included in voting ( correctly ) . 
  that part is not being debated . 
   meaning , russia admits to be official succession to ussr ? 
  yes , but that was already known . 
  from the [ un 's member state profiles , for ` russian federation '  ( http://www.un.org/en/members/index.shtml#r )  the union of soviet socialist republics was an original member of the united nations from 24 october 1945 . 
  in a letter dated 24 december 1991 , boris yeltsin , the president of the russian federation , informed the secretary-general that the membership of the soviet union in the security council and all other united nations organs was being continued by the russian federation with the support of the 11 member countries of the commonwealth of independent states . 
   yes , but not the power to `` save '' scotland ... 
  i do n't want to push them about that , i 'd say is poor choice of words , but still nobody is saying the brits outside of scotland have the powers to save the union , or that they should deserve or want them . 
  the headlines , as contextualised by the text surrounding them , refers to the westminster leaders and better together . 
  these are 100 % the people that have the power and goal of saving the union . 
  they are the pro-union campaign . 
   to save what ? 
  sorry , but it 's the scots decision to do what they want , not yours . 
  nobody is saying otherwise . 
  if you are a no voter or a minister or politician on the side of the union ( ` better together ' ) , then this is very much the 10 days they have to save the union . 
  of course this is the decision of the scots . 
  its their 's to decide if they want the union or independence . 
  its the job of the no campaign to ` save the union ' . 
   ukip 's rise came at the expense of the bnp it certainly did and got quite funny after the european elections . 
  the bnp tried to cling onto what minimal support they had by declaring themselves the actually racist party , whereas ukip 's racism was fake . 
  they then acknowledged the people [ `` have voted for ukip 's racist policies instead . 
  '' ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2014/05/they-ve-voted-ukip-s-racist-policies-instead-bnp-leader-nick-griffin-losing-his ), 
   the fn 's economic `` program '' ( and i 'm not even sure it can be called that ) is based on stupid assumptions , misunderstanding of economic law and the belief that leaving the eu will magically solve all our problems . 
  this is the same with ukip . 
  they got popular by berating the eu and immigration , but their economic policies are embarrassing . 
  they obviously withdrew their previous manifesto because the policies were so poorly thought out that it hurt their election chances . 
  we 'll see what they 've got in the next few months when the may 2015 ones are released . 
   people are turning to the fn because it 's the only thing that has n't been tried , and because le pen is really good at ignoring the multiple debunkings of her economic ideas . 
  again , ukip is a carbon copy of this . 
   maybe i 'm being naive , but would other countries really repudiate france for delaying the sale given the circumstances ? 
  there 's a few thing contributing to that .
