  this morning on the bbc conservative politicians tried as hard as possible to not mention ukip . 
  they would discuss labour , lib dems , conservatives , but literally would not say ` ukip ' . 
  it was embarrassing . 
  the main 3 hope that once the election comes around ukip will face much greater scrutiny and their policies will unravel . 
  plus fptp should take care of them ( they hope ) . 
  that and this being predominantly a protest vote . 
  the lib dems were the exciting party prior to the last election ( after clegg 's debate performances ) , but they actually lost seats . 
   how are countries policed ? 
  that 's a great question , i 'd never thought of it . 
  i can only speak for my own country , but there 's zero chance the british would accept a police force headed by anyone other than a brit . 
  i hate to bring up cliche stuff , but i think there are a lot of countries that would n't accept german police forces in particular ( not least until the 39-45 generation has passed ) . 
  really good points . 
  it seems like use would be the eu but with a centralised economy ( causing i do n't know how many problems as soon as we see how money in federalist states is invested across the union ) . 
  the eurozone could enact that now , coalescing the eurozone countries into 1 ( i guess with massive ramifications for ep organisation etc. 
  that would need dealing with ) . 
  a set of interesting political choices , for instance : * do use constituencies reflect national boundaries ( as now ) or do they reflect european population ( most north european cities have a greater population than countries like malta ) ? 
  * does the use government need to be structured to account for nationality ( i doubt greeks would enjoy a government of germans ) ? 
  * does the military operate as one like the usa or can members opt out ( germany in libya/mali ) ? 
  does war require unanimity ? 
   last year , the finnish central bank contributed 227 million euros to the finnish budget as a result of profits made on the greek , spanish and portuguese government bonds it holds , 40 million euros more than it made in 2011 . 
  if i had to guess then it would be because we the public do n't know some of the finer details behind why we are going to war / intervening somewhere . 
  this is the problem with pursuing the eu 's foreign policy goals ( stuff like a european military force ) . 
  if germany wants to pursue a pacifist foreign policy then good for germany . 
  the problem is that it ca n't do this whilst advocating european integration in foreign policy . 
  it would be manageable if the pacifist nations in europe were the smallest ones . 
  but when the continent 's biggest economy does n't want to engage in foreign affairs then the rest of the continent has a lot of slack to pick up . 
  add to that the inherent woeful inefficiency of the eu 's military arm if its biggest economy does n't want to intervene . 
  any sort of rapid reaction would fail without doubt , with who knows what consequences for the people we are supposed to be protecting . 
  they are open for tourism at the moment . 
  the difference would be opening more rooms up for tourism , but also losing the draw of it being a household of the extant monarchy , not one of a few hundred years ago . 
  the question is whether that is going to make , at least by 2009 standards , # 40m on top of the current income levels ( i.e. 
  the cost of the royal family ) . 
  added to that is other benefits of the royals ( patriotism if you want it , money generated elsewhere e.g. 
  hotels during the jubilee or additional newspaper sales whenever their kid is born ) . 
  wars in the middle ages etc. 
  are so long ago that decrying the royal family now for it is quite redundant . 
  they are n't the same family anymore ( literally different lines ) and those wars were partaken in by royal families throughout europe . 
  windsor was built from cash england received after taking the french king as prisoner . 
  in the modern era they make a profit and hence should stay because they are good for the country . 
  removing them at this point solves nothing except reducing the government 's income and weakening the economy ( obviously marginally , but we should preserve everything that makes a profit ) . 
  that 's a purely economical argument . 
  i would add other things such as being a focus of patriotism . 
  that 's evident enough in recent years . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/comment/telegraph-view/5685338/the-royal-family-give-excellent-value-for-money.html ) argues the royals do make a profit for great britain . 
  i 'm also intrigued about you saying they stole land . 
  buckingham palace ( then buckingham house ) was bought by george iii in 1761 . 
  windsor castle has been the property of the british monarchy since the 11th century ( when they built it ) . 
  wiki says they `` acquired '' balmoral in 1848 . 
  ballochbuie forest , next to balmoral , was bought by queen victoria in 1878 . 
  are there other sites i have n't included that they stole , or are you talking shite ? 
  i 'm confused as to what you think should 've happened . 
  on one hand you criticise germany/eu for providing the bailouts because they come with interest ( despite these loans being far far better than what greece was paying before them ) . 
  plus they keep it in the eu for the long-term . 
  you advocated the short-term benefits of going bust and then back to the drachma , but you recognise the long-term failings of that idea . 
  the very fact that greece and cyprus ( slightly different due to greek bailout exposure ) are in this position is evidence that something needed to change . 
  greek corruption and disastrous inefficiency is evidence enough there . 
  there was zero chance of a simple bailout with no payback and no strings attached . 
  do you have any sort of solid evidence suggesting that 2008-present would 've been so kind to greece ? 
  i do n't think it would have been . 
  i would suggest that if it was that simple and straightforward cyprus would 've to brussels to fuck itself . 
  the greek government would 've considered all sides of the argument before putting its people through the 2008-present period and concluded this was definitely the lesser of two evils . 
  look at iceland . 
  it was portrayed by the anti-bailout cohort as a brilliant economy . 
  then this week they 've elected the people that bankrupted them in the first place . 
  that 's how successful going it alone has been . 
   german bankers are making billions of greece 's misery now the interest and loans greece is paying to germany is less than the interest and loans greece was previously paying ( well , greece would 've defaulted , which would be much worse for greece ) . 
  the difference is that the remaining eu members would be cheaper to import from than the uk . 
  british exports therefore decrease . 
  as for british imports , we still need to import stuff , but would see costs rise . 
  europe would export less to us and would be hurt , but relatively speaking we would be hurt much much more . 
  tl ; dr plenty of transparency and anti-corruption type legislation . 
  good stuff . 
  if they require several hundred billion euros worth of bailout will greece help contribute like the netherlands has done for all the bailouts to date ? 
  greece can get a loan to help cover that right , 
  eu interventions have been largely problematic . 
  eu went into yugoslavia and had to ask for help because it was under equipped . 
  libya became problematic because germany wanted no part of it , hence eu needed to ask for us/nato help once more because the eu was under equipped . 
  the issue with the eu as an independent military power is that its 3 biggest nations have 3 different views . 
  gb remains pro-nato/usa . 
  france is militarily active but historically wanted to prioritise an eu military over nato/usa . 
  germany is very very pacifist . 
  we will need a bigger budget to go independent simply to cover for the equipment the us has and the eu uses through nato . 
  the above examples are cases in support of that . 
  nato membership does n't force us to serve us interests at all . 
  its done via unanimity and even beyond that nations still do not partake . 
  libya is a great example of that . 
  germany voted yes to nato ( remember consensus is needed ) , but had zero part in the mission and actively stated that . 
  one extra thing to remember is the us goes back and forth with its european criticisms . 
  on one hand it criticises a lack of military budget in europe and wants more spending . 
  on the other it says the eu should n't buy things the us already has because that 's a waste ( as eu could use the relevant us equipment via nato ) . 
  so these articles ( and statements like this from us officials ) always need to be taken with a pinch of salt . 
  nato is more active now than its ever been . 
  i would argue its the other way round . 
  nato is adapting to the post-cold war world , the difference is we still view it as a solely cold war alliance . 
  there 's an issue regarding us military spending vs. anyone else 's , and yes that 's problematic . 
  with nato we have european defence budgets plus access to the us one . 
  without nato we just have europe 's . 
  why should europe let nato disband ? 
  that just means we need to invest in more stuff ourselves anyway . 
  if we go beyond the numbers themselves , the usa has military equipment that europe does n't .
