speak for yourself . 
  it seems rather rich hoping nato will get much more involved in ukraine when coming from a country that is not in nato . 
  great post , but why ian wright of all people ? 
  also , its krishnan guru-murthy . 
  belgium is a tax haven for certain things . 
  it employs a model of taxing some things incredibly heavily , and not taxing other things at all . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.businessweek.com/stories/2001-07-22/if-youre-wealthy-this-must-be-belgium ), 
  shitty though it is , this is because russia is infinitely more powerful than either portugal or lithuania . 
  neither country can stand toe to toe with moscow , so what happens is this gross imbalance of events . 
  the eu would survive undoubtedly . 
  the embarrassment is that one of the key member states has decided its a waste of time . 
  that embarrassment would then grow if the uk prospered and the eu languished ( as is happening now ) , but whether that would actually still happen post-2017 and post-brexit is another question entirely . 
   pretty much every serious text on geopolitics will attest to the notion that european continental politics are settled by `` germany ( and it 's camp ) '' and `` france ( and theirs ) '' . 
  i fully agree that european continental politics are germany/france . 
  the uk has never been into , preferring instead to be at arm 's length and only getting involved when shit gets nasty on the continent . 
  this is still true nowadays , but instead of being militaristic , its more french statism vs. german corporatism . 
  while the french have the cap , the germans have the ecb . 
   i think you 're vastly overestimating how much the eu cares about the uk and if stays or not . 
  i would wonder how embarrassing it would be for the eu if one of its big three , a global power and one of the world 's biggest economies , no longer wants to be a member . 
  ( along with the uk government ) will side with the pro-eu campaign because they definitely can not be seen to favour one of its members quitting . 
  if the uk does then quit , it will be as embarrassing for the uk government and the eu itself as it would have been for westminster had scotland gone independent . 
  i still find it far more nuanced  the average uneducated and unskilled ukip supporter feels a strong dislike for continentals if not worse . 
  in this instance , the average unskilled worker is only under job security threats from east european workers . 
  i 'd like to see if statistically this has evolved since 2007 , e.g. 
  with people from spain or greece . 
  there are n't too many unskilled germans , french or austrians headed to the uk . 
   the very same people seem to love immigrants from the commonwealth though . 
  that 's very debatable . 
  from the white anglosphere , absolutely . 
  nobody is opposing australia , new zealand , the usa or canada . 
  pakistan on the other hand , has provided a major immigrant group for a few decades , but their acceptance is far less than the white anglosphere . 
  its probably worse because its so much more specific and therefore personal , but i think opposition is only to a set few countries ( the usual ones ) . 
  we 've seen articles suggesting london is france 's [ sixth biggest city ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-26823489 ) , yet nobody complains of all the french people stealing our jobs . 
  and nigel farage can hardly complain of german immigrants given his wife and secretary ( same person ) are german . 
   `` for a long period of time i 've taken notes and i was always comparing what is said in the room and what is said outside the room . 
  and from time to time it happens that the notes are not coinciding . 
  i suspect that mr juncker also often said one thing in a meeting and entirely another outside it during his 13 years as luxembourg 's prime minister and 20 years as its finance minister . 
  i think its a pretty standard feeling for a lot of nations , but for their largest city ( which is often the capital ) . 
  british people loathing londoners , french people loathing parisians , irish people and dublin , americans and new yorkers . 
   surrounded by idiotic yes-men this has been suggested before . 
  his cabinet 's tend to be tories that are n't rivals to him . 
  senior conservatives like david davis have been practically non-existent since cameron came to power . 
  boris is mayor of london , so he 's kept at arm 's length ( he will be an mp again after 2015 though ) . 
  the only true heavyweight in there was william hague , but he retired and showed no interest in moving beyond the foreign minister role . 
   austerity is killing us in ways no one else in europe other than spain is experiencing to what extent can greece free itself from austerity ? 
  it is not imposed by and large by the troika ? 
  very true . 
  his opposition has been that he 's not paying it by 1 december . 
  he 'll pay , just that he 'll agree a timeframe that extends the deadline . 
  that seems very reasonable too . 
   also , would n't the uk decrease its power on the political arena in the world in sizes if it leave the eu ? 
  it depends on the terms of exit . 
  losing the eu strength in free trade agreements would suck . 
  but gaining independence to make them alone would be a benefit . 
  nothing would really change in defence . 
  absolutely , but this does n't change anything . 
  its common in political negotiations , just like any corporate contract where there 's multiple variables , to negotiate multiple things . 
  some could be big wins , some small wins , some big concessions and others small concessions . 
  britain will have a series of things to renegotiate . 
  freedom of movement is just the one in the press right now . 
  fisheries could be one and banking legislation and bonuses will be another , to name two . 
  add to this the uk desire for a single market for financial services ( a notable omission in the wants of other countries , despite their critique that britain is supposedly the only opponent in europe ) . 
   the divergence of eu entry and schengen entry is regular policy , nothing special . 
  you can see the same timeframe after the 2004 eu enlargement . 
  it is a timeframe that has been growing . 
  that is indicative of freedom of movement as a growing issue . 
  its really quite incredible to undermine the controversy surrounding romania/bulgaria entering , which ( although legally absolutely perfect ) , caused issue across western europe . 
   the pvv lost 5 point to 12 % , while liberal pro-european parties won the election . 
  i agree that there is some problem with fn in france the pvv lost popularity ( rightly ) because of some horrific comments wilders made . 
  but again , their rise is very indicative of growing resentments in the netherlands . 
  and as for the fn , citing hollande 's failures is again very naive . 
  le penne has been very very vocal regarding treatment of roma for example . 
   this is n't a price negotiation , where you essentially work along one dimension . 
  it is precisely a price negotiation . 
  it is like any other negotiation there has ever been . 
  one side aims high , one side aims low , they meet in the middle somewhere . 
   if he wanted a high entry point , he could have done that in the form of `` subsidiarity max '' , and then let his idea of `` max '' slip a bit in the negotiations . 
  that 's something other leaders could have gotten behind again , this would be cameron aiming lower . 
  in this instance the strong opponents to him could negotiate him lower . 
  as it is , cameron might aim for no freedom of movement , yet settle on `` subsidiarity max '' . 
   even make the uk look like a leader of change from within . 
  if cameron gets any result whatsoever , he will portray himself as the leader of change . 
  the uk already does this in front of its own people , and they are the only ones that matter as they are the only ones that vote for uk leaders . 
   that 's maybe a fact in britain , but the majority of eu28 does n't consider freedom of movement to be an issue we have to debate . 
  romania and bulgaria entered the eu in 2007 . 
  yet they only gained full access to schengen in 2014 . 
  that suggests freedom of movement has been an issue worth debating for quite a while . 
  not to mention the rise of parties such as the dutch pvv or french fn , both of which have criticised freedom of movement quite extensively . 
  i disagree whole heartedly with both these parties , but their prominence suggests many people agree with them . 
   well , you ca n't have people freezing to death . 
  that 's very true . 
  but its the nations that did shit can their defence that now need gas . 
  and conveniently these are often the eastern nations that claim they knew all along that russia would be like this and russia has never changed . 
  it seems a touch hypocritical that they knew all along this would happen , yet still reduced their defence dramatically . 
  i 'll happily concede i was exaggerating a little , but the same ethos is there . 
  despite freedom of movement causing incredible controversy and a lot of euroscepticism , nobody will consider visiting the issue ( just debating it , not making changes ) , because its a ` core principle ' . 
  are you seriously blaming the usa for this ? 
  of the many things that are wrong with that , remember how europe [ signed a gas deal ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/30/us-ukraine-crisis-gas-iduskbn0ii0xq20141030 ) only three days ago ? 
   repel russian aggression in europe maybe europe should have thought of that before shit canning its own defences . 
   there 's a fundamental problem that all the other nation 's want to federalize into a single state no they do n't , not even close .
