  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2006/10/04/world/europe/04iht-defense.3031359.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0 ) google it , there 's plenty of articles , academic publications and government reports . 
  that is exactly what exceptionalism is . 
  its pretty common . 
  [ here 's the wiki . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exceptionalism ) of course it can manifest itself in bad ways , such as german exceptionalism during the third reich . 
  but it is n't always that way . 
  you seem oddly surprised at its existence , yet its very common in a lot of countries . 
  [ here 's obama praising american exceptionalism as long ago as yesterday . 
  ] ( http://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2014/05/28/obama_i_believe_in_american_exceptionalism_with_every_fiber_of_my_being.html ), 
   if there is one `` exceptional '' thing about britain , it is that brits have got this idea in their heads that people elsewhere do n't consider their cultural identity just as strong or individual . 
  what are you trying to argue ? 
  it reads as though you presume britain believes its culture is stronger or more individual than the rest of europe , perhaps as if the rest of europe is supposedly ( in british eyes ) much more singular as one cultural entity ? 
  britain fully understands other nations have strong and individual cultural identities ( look at jokes about the french and germans for instance ) . 
  the point is brits feel british is better , just as the french feel french is better , the germans most likely with aspects of german culture and probably most if not all of europe, 
  i get that this has never worked and expect ( hope ) this coalition to break up too , but why is n't it possible to agree on some things ? 
  for example , surely all eurosceptics will be voting for and against the same things with regards to integration ( e.g. 
  stopping immigration or enlargement ) . 
  even a basic agreement like making sure to vote rather than abstain ? 
   how are britain and france more `` experienced '' in defending themselves here is a list of wars involving germany ( west and east ) since ww2 : * east german uprising , invasion of czechoslovakia , bosnia , kosovo , afghanistan . 
  discounting east germany , that 's only bosnia , kosovo and afghanistan . 
  now the uk during the same period : * indonesian revolution , greek civil war , operation masterdom ( part of vietnam ) , malayan emergency , korean war , mau mau uprising , cyprus emergency , suez crisis , irish border campaign , indonesia-malaysia confrontation , dhofar rebellion , aden emergency , the troubles , falklands , lebanon intervention , gulf war , bosnian war , operation desert fox , kosovo , sierra leone , afghanistan , iraq , libya to add emphasis , the uk has been in a near full century of unbroken conflict since august 1914 ( wwi declaration ) . 
  i fully concede that technology and opposition for the uk , france and germany equalise some of this . 
  however , there is no plausible way to discount the experience gained from this number and variety of conflicts . 
  not only has the uk fought more , but they 've fought a greater variety of conflicts in terms of opposition , urban environment , context , geographical environment and type of conflict ( e.g. 
  single operation , small conflict , war with no/minimal allies , major war , war with multiple allies ) . 
  in addition to the successes , consider the benefits learned from mistakes made in all these conflicts . 
  again , variety is absolutely essential . 
  sikorski certainly deserves it , but its a very interesting proposal for two reasons : * poland is getting very involved in foreign policy and sikorski is central to that ( ashton was very passive to military action by comparison ) . 
  that would be an interesting issue for sikorski to deal with because the eu ( csdp ) is not very militarily active . 
  * leading from that , european military action comes primarily through nato ( see the responses to ukraine for examples ) . 
  sikorski however would be leading the european union , which is not only not nato , but reportedly maintains an odd rivalry with nato . 
  hopefully he does great and streamlines european defence by solving these issues . 
   as well as people on the continent 's view of the role of the uk in the eu what do you think that is ? 
  for the most part i 'd expect people to view the uk as undoubtedly an eu member , but also undoubtedly the most sceptical of them . 
  that said , find any article with britain opposing or objecting to something . 
  there will certainly be multiple comments castigating the uk for this position . 
   most people do n't realise that many in the uk do n't even necessarily understand themselves to be european . 
  the uk is certainly european , but like many countries ( france being an obvious example ) there 's a strong sense of british exceptionalism . 
  other cultures are ok , but british is best . 
  as i said , similar to french exceptionalism . 
  its far from redundant and wasteful . 
  if we are being cynical , as europe its amazing . 
  the usa pays for most of it and the usa brings much more to the table than the european members ( check the deficiencies of the libya operation pre-us involvement for examples ) . 
  as to why it still exists , the shorthand is american foreign policy in europe . 
  nato has expanded and secured many former soviet countries . 
  as is now being proven , that 's a necessity for those countries . 
  us safeguards are a lot more meaningful that franco-british ones . 
  germany is too pacifist ( and possibly therefore inexperienced ? ), 
  to make suitable defence threats and other militaries are simply too small in comparison . 
  also for other missions , e.g. 
  anti-piracy . 
  i feel like if this was a mainland eu city this forum would be going full retard over how good the eu is . 
  ` yurop and all that shite . 
   hopefully without uk bankers these are people from all over the world that work in london . 
  if the global financial centre was in frankfurt , they 'd work in frankfurt . 
   the monolithic state is a playground for crazed social engineers suggesting the entirety of europe become city-states is exactly the idea of crazed social engineering . 
   that does n't do any favors , especially to the poor . 
  the poor is exactly what city-states would create . 
  consider the wealth the city-state of london would have , in comparison to the city-state of sheffield for example . 
  at present , sheffield has a lot of employment from uk government offices being there . 
  if the uk disintegrated into city-states , those are jobs lost . 
  not to mention the ridiculous weakness of city-states in terms of defence . 
  you think the city-state of riga would stand up to an attack from russia ? 
  latvia as a whole desperately needs the security of nato and the nation-states . 
   your reasoning seems to only make the eu a proxy for wealth redistribution i 'm not quite sure what you 're trying to argue here . 
  but nevertheless , city-states would create ginormous wealth concentration in the major cities . 
  at present london creates a disproportionately large amount of uk wealth , much which is then redistributed throughout the uk through the budget . 
  now consider a london city-state . 
  it would still have ginormous wealth ( that 's through it being a financial centre ) , but it would n't redistribute any of that anymore . 
  and just because there 's any number of city-states as well as london in your fantasy , does not mean any of them will be wealthy . 
  far from it in fact . 
   we should go back to city states . 
  very manageable . 
  its not though because some of those city-states are incredibly poor and others incredibly wealthy . 
  there 's never been a europe of city-states , just a few wealthy ones ( venice , florence etc. ), 
  and then some countries ( england , france etc. ) . 
  with the collective history of european nations focusing wealth and industry , a new round of city-states would be a massive failure . 
  he might well run to be [ mayor of london . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/culture/2013/dec/13/eddie-izzard-going-into-politics ), 
  the snp are certainly the independence party , but they have supporters that do not want independence . 
  the snp have been very successful in scotland entirely irrelevant to their independence aims . 
   far right wing of the tories migrates to what is now a more credible party not even nearly . 
  plus this was with an electorate of ~ 33 % . 
  the general election will firstly have a much bigger turnout and secondly works with fptp , which punishes small parties . 
  ukip has more seats in the ep , but they themselves hope only for one or two westminster mps at most the second factor to account for is the uk has always given the opposition party the most ep seats . 
  this is the first time that has n't been the case ( ukip not being the official opposition ) , but it still follows the trend of punishing the westminster government in the ep elections . 
  a fact that will no doubt be lost on the masses as ukip successes lead to widespread criticism of the uk 's position in the eu . 
   there is an interesting uk political outcome of these elections in that if the liberal democrats do very badly ( behind the greens or no seats ) then nick clegg the deputy prime minister might be forced to resign . 
  i 'm struggling with that one . 
  i agree them doing very badly means he should reconsider his position . 
  but i do n't think he 'll resign . 
  it would be very difficult to replace him , especially as he 's dpm and not just a party leader . 
  and with such a low turnout he could claim he still has a mandate . 
   the british broadcasting company did n't take part in the bulgarian elections i assume . 
  the ultimate insult . 
  uk media criticises bulgarians for months on end , then manages to win bulgarian mep positions . 
  in all fairness not only would nobody in the uk have watched the commission president debates , but it would 've further alienated people from the eu . 
   if you add an extra x % of voters and they all avoid voting for one specific option then the proportion of the vote that option takes reduces by x % . 
  if non-nationals are voting for a range of parties ( i.e. 
  any party that is not ukip ) then they will only affect the vote marginally because the ` non-national ' vote is split .
