   no 10 's futile attempts at promising one no 10 has not promised anything . 
  the conservative party has promised one if they win a majority . 
  the referendum will likely be matched by other governments and/or taken forward in a conservative led coalition . 
  however , no 10 , i.e. 
  the british government , have promised nothing . 
   forcing through a referendum from eu level that would be illegal under european law as , amongst other things , it is considered an internal affair . 
  it would also damn near convince the uk to leave , not least by virtue of its illegality , and shatter the uk-eu relationship . 
  there 's also a general election in 2015 , so its a very poor time to be hosting an eu referendum . 
   that 's conditional on him making more top songs aside from i do n't like mondays , what other top songs has geldof made ? 
  he 's very overdue on that front . 
   it 's in dire need of a nuclear warhead or two . 
  making bradford a rogue nuclear state is a bad idea in my mind . 
  not least because i 'm from sheffield . 
  the uk is planning to drop [ emergency aid ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-28701642 ) to trapped members of the yazidi community . 
  edit : i see now your edit about the uk and poland as they were in the 2003 invasion . 
  this was a response to that . 
  true though that is , it does n't alter the question and should n't alter your answer . 
  the intervention is against isis . 
  their success in iraq is , quite substantially , a result of a weakened iraqi regime and forces post-saddam . 
  we should n't avoid it because the usa ( and some eu countries ) invaded iraq unnecessarily . 
  we should seriously consider assisting them because the cause this time is necessary and because they are our ally ( note that the usa is helping europe deal with russia/ukraine by increasing its military presence in east europe at the moment ) . 
   and as long as they buy our wine ( 430millions $ ) we 're safe oh do n't worry . 
  this kind of policy is designed to not piss off the upper classes . 
  there will be plenty of french wine headed to russia despite these sanctions . 
  does that mean they 're on our side ? 
  what would ` the shart ' tower look like ? 
  could make for an interesting design . 
  in the case of free trade agreements , we can not resolve it . 
  its a core part of the single market that we negotiate as the eu , because our combined weight makes us stronger and because 1 of the 28 could hold a majority of ftas and thus undermine the single market and fairness within it . 
  the downside is that by being 28 nations and not 1 , it of course takes us a lot longer to act , and our interests have to balance the diversity of the 28 . 
   so ... they 're whining about the fact they ca n't do their own deals instead of benefiting the union as a whole ? 
  wow . 
  they 're whining about the fact they ca n't do deals as the uk , which is much easier than doing them as the eu . 
  this is because the uk is one nation with one set of interests , whereas the eu is 28 . 
  many of these deals are not in place for the eu , but if the uk was independent they likely would be . 
  of course the detail of the deals would be different , but that could both benefit and hinder simply because we have no clue what those deals would like like either way . 
   the thing is that the uk has untapped markets . 
  the problem with this has been that the uk can not agree on these deals , it has to be done through the eu . 
  coincidentally , criticism of this has been a key argument for farage/ukip . 
  they bemoan that the uk is not allowed to agree these deals with key commonwealth markets precisely because it is in the eu . 
  in principle though , i and i 'm pretty sure the entirety of the uk agrees with you about commonwealth/eu trade . 
  perhaps this would be something the uk can push if it interacted more seriously with european integration . 
  i completely agree with this . 
  for me the problem of the eu education component is how it would be perceived , but i agree it should happen . 
  i think the uk will stay in . 
  the ` pro-eu ' side has been growing recently ( ukip was also a protest vote against the government and labour ) , and this is before the eu campaign actually kicks off at all ( we are more focused on scotland at the moment ) . 
  putin surely knows wu tang clan ai n't nothin ' to fuck with , so i 'm sure they 'll be successful in keeping the peace !, 
  we have a government that has long scapegoated the eu for things . 
  its useful blaming them for our own incompetencies . 
  though to be honest i think its quite unlikely that we actually leave in the end . 
  the most frustrating thing for me is that a nation with 63m people and the economic and military power the uk has could really achieve much more in europe . 
  even if we wanted a looser type of integration and not full-union , that could be achieved much more successfully than our current method in my opinion . 
  far from it , their popularity is increasing . 
  at the start of 2014 labour were holding a 7-8 % lead in polls , that 's now 3-4 % . 
  neither of these are as high as the opposition usually gets prior to winning an election . 
  as for why the tories do this , they 're in a ` british values ' phase , in part thanks to euroscepticism in the uk . 
  for the most part , that means religious politicians go down the christian route , as per the nations population . 
  but as the nation also largely accepts we are much more diverse than that , appointments such as warsi , a british muslim , is also very good for them . 
  do n't let that fool you though . 
  whilst her background and faith maybe useful when appointing her , she is a very talented individual regardless of that . 
  i was astounded that someone had n't already to be honest !, 
  * royal dutch shell is an anglo-dutch ... * unilever is an anglo-dutch ... you 're welcome , 
  does this mean the rza is leading a peacekeeping force to ukraine ? 
  if only politics worked that way . 
  * when we want to do something we get to , because they did it previously and that 's not fair . 
  * when they want to do something then it is wrong . 
  we did it in the past and they should learn from our mistakes ( regardless of if we benefitted or not from them ) . 
   maybe for bernie , there goes one nice ... divorce ? 
  ftfy, 
  the guy in the easter rising murial kinda looks like vladimir putin . 
  i 'd like to agree , but greedy people are greedy . 
  being worth # 60m is great , but being worth # 70m is better . 
  there 's also the distinct possibility that he benefits from this on an intellectual or job satisfaction level . 
  that 's something retirement or money can not buy . 
  he led one of the world 's most powerful countries for over a decade . 
  even hearing stories of shit like `` conversations tony blair had with vladimir putin '' is probably massively insightful and on a level external consultancies etc. 
  could not provide . 
  blair makes tens of millions of pounds per year to give the advice he gives . 
  my guess on why he does n't do what bush does has something to do with that . 
  it usually concentrates in the southeast of england , or the politically more conservative usa . 
  i 'll concede you as a french person have a much more intricate knowledge than i do . 
  fair enough . 
  from what i 've seen lagarde seems a good candidate precisely because she 's been outside of the scandals that have engulfed french politics , especially the ump . 
  that said , what i 've seen is from an external perspective . 
  i have no idea , but the french can only choose from what 's available at this moment in time . 
  from what i see , lagarde is the best option from this bunch ( provided she makes herself available ) . 
   the ump , despite their many problems , look like they have the next presidency already . 
  i would expect lagarde as the ump candidate to take it . 
  plus she can stay out of the ump controversy and be in the limelight through her imf position . 
  all she needs to do is avoid a scandal , unlike her predecessor dsk . 
  should n't be too difficult you 'd think ... 
  i 'd now like to see the number of people working zero hours contracts or part-time contracts ( both classified as employed ) in 2014 versus 2008 . 
  whilst spain and greece look terrible here , i 'd bet on a large increase of people not working full-time in the nations with low unemployment . 
  he 's in the safe haven of / r/europe though . 
  thatcher has a different reputation on the continent than in her homeland . 
  had this been a uk subreddit there would be a lynch mob on the loose for him . 
  if they busted out such a statement in peacetime then yes . 
  but in this moment , with half of europe worried about what they perceive as a very real threat , this is n't surprising . 
  i would half agree with you that i expected such a statement . 
  not because they want the extra money ( the money would n't go to this committee ) , but because they do n't want to recommend nato is fine , only for something to happen .
