   this is the biggest delusion . 
  you 're completely ignoring the benefits of what is a shared relationship . 
  through our relationship with the usa we gain intelligence they acquire and the additional security of their military ( which is so far above and beyond the rest of the world it is laughable ) . 
  where are we selling our independence and security ? 
  and where are we anywhere close to vassalage ? 
  take the syria vote as an example . 
  we held that entirely independently of us aims in the region , ultimately causing a problem for obama . 
   which we allow on our soils to it 's benefit again , where ? 
  the whole point of ukusa , five eyes or whatever you want to call it is shared intelligence . 
  considering the size of the us investment in this versus the size of the uk investment , its fully expected the us obtains much more intelligence than all others . 
  that 's a giant benefit for the uk . 
   now our dependence on america on defense and investment nowhere have i said we are dependent ( we being the uk ) . 
  us investment is a bonus to our economy , intelligence and security , but we are by no means dependent . 
   are there five eyes bases staffed by non-americans in north america ? 
  this is an unequal relationship and any benefit the other countries might take from it is dwarfed by its benefit to the usa . 
  i disagree . 
  take nato as an example . 
  the usa has troops permanently stationed across europe , whereas europe does n't have any stationed in the usa ( i 'm sure some have training exercises there , but that 's entirely different ) . 
  yet with nato , its definitely an unequal relationship in favour of europe ( given the usa 's financial , equipment and staffing contributions in comparison to europe 's ) . 
  i 'm unsure what you mean by ` five eyes bases ' . 
  essentially , any intelligence based operation , be it the nsa , cia , gchq , mi6 etc. 
  could be classified as a ` five eyes base ' . 
  in that respect , no i do not know of any uk/aus/nz / can base in the us that is anywhere near the size of the one being referenced in the article . 
  however , the article is describing a # 200m investment in the uk . 
  yes its intelligence based , but how does that benefit the usa more than the uk . 
  the uk in this gets # 200m worth of investment , and the shared benefits of us intelligence ( which much like the military benefits of nato , dwarves the uk 's own investment in intelligence ) . 
  i would like to see an argument that shows this relationship to be unequal and favouring the usa . 
   and merkel reaction is neither here nor there it is important . 
  all reports indicate she did n't give a fuck about the spying until a ) it was on her personally and b ) germany was refused entry into the group . 
  only then did it become terrible and wrong to spy on your allies . 
   the usa is not our elected government and it should n't have the presence it currently has in our countries . 
  allies should n't spy on one another . 
  i fully agree with that . 
  but what do you mean by `` presence in our countries '' ? 
  intelligence operatives ? 
  military bases ? 
  both ? 
  its plainly clear europe is , when push comes to shove , more than happy for the us to have these bases in europe . 
  russia/ukraine has made that abruptly clear , as did the response of people across the continent when gates suggested the us will stop funding nato so disproportionately . 
   merkel didnt bitch about a `` no-spy agreement '' because she did n't want spying . 
  she bitched because `` five eyes '' did n't turn into `` six eyes '' . 
  i make this point every single time . 
  not only this , but nobody in her government gave a fuck when blanket spying on germans was revealed . 
  only when she was revealed as a target did this become an issue . 
  we are , but that 's irrelevant to the story . 
  i went on the basic ( i.e. 
  broadly speaking ) categorisation . 
  my penultimate sentence ( `` which ones russia deemed not good enough '' ) covers to an extent what you 're saying . 
  in addition to a bunch of nations ( e.g. 
  usa/japan ) refusing to supply russia , the mistral class have an additional benefit that you mentioned . 
  this was presumably important . 
   apart from france from whom can russia order this type of warships ? 
  the mistral class , broadly speaking , is a [ helicopter carrier . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helicopter_carrier ) currently , they are owned , in use or being constructed by : usa , japan , south korea , uk , france , russia , thailand and australia . 
  they are or were also built by private shipbuilding companies e.g. 
  navantia in spain . 
  from here begin deducing which nations would flat out refuse ( e.g. 
  nations that have a particular rivalry with russia , e.g. 
  japan or usa , or nations allied very closely with the usa , e.g. 
  thailand ) and which ones russia deemed not good enough for the russian navy . 
  i do n't know how russian procurement works , but the answer they came to was of course france . 
  sadly , the most interesting thing about ed miliband is that he looks like the undersecretary to the turkish pm kicking a miner . 
   having said that , this is overwhelmingly support for a limited union exactly . 
  its basically support for cameron 's policy of renegotiation . 
  assuming he 's returned in 2015 it puts a lot of pressure on him to negotiate a `` better deal '' with brussels . 
  ukip may well be the british majority in the ep and also have one or two mps in westminster by then , which will keep the pressure on the government to renegotiate . 
  probably very true , again because statistics are only the face of it . 
  in 2013 germany was the largest coffee exporter by volume and switzerland the largest coffee exporter in terms of value . 
  yet i expect the coffee beans anyone tried to produce in hamburg , geneva , bonn or zurich would taste like shit . 
  i did n't know they had the manufacturing facilities there too . 
  that would be a much more straightforward explanation . 
  thanks !, 
  exports are a strange thing when it comes to statistics . 
  the dutch earn more exporting soy sauce than japan ( thank you hsbc ) , yet japan produces more soy sauce than the netherlands . 
  the reason is how ` import-to-export ' statistics are recorded . 
  the dutch import a ton of soy to rotterdam ( from asia ) , then export it again to elsewhere in the world . 
  a similar principle likely applies with ireland and computers . 
   i take it as they still believe in eu as an idea , but are not satisfied with its current form . 
  i overwhelmingly agree with that and would n't be surprised to see most europeans feeling the same way . 
  reform is necessary , we just do n't agree where and in what direction . 
  some might want less europe whereas others want federalism . 
  all these people however want reform . 
  i have no idea if tatu are real or fake lesbians . 
  i know for certain that many homophobes could n't care less if a gay male couple is real or fake though . 
  i 'm certain they 'd oppose it nonetheless . 
  that 's how all nations operate within the eu . 
  the eu 's fantastic , except for the bits a nation does n't like , then that nation asks for opt-outs or special treatment . 
  denmark , ireland , the uk and poland have formal opt outs , sweden informally opted out of the euro . 
  the structure of cap is effectively special treatment for france , the structure of the ecb is effectively special treatment for germany ( and to a lesser extent the benelux ) . 
  what is jobbik 's view of the austro-hungarian empire ? 
   oh and you know ... tatu , like ... the actual lesbians and all that . 
  that 's the strange part with many male homophobes i 've encountered . 
  that answers a lot of questions to be honest . 
  does that mean we won eurovision again ? 
  the major difference ( other than nato having the usa in it , which is an obvious benefit ) is that people consider an eu force as a common army . 
  that means everyone is involved no matter what . 
  nato on the other hand , though requiring consensus , does not require all members to participate . 
  germany opposed the libyan mission , but gave its consent so long as no german forces were involved . 
  the usa also began with nothing , i.e. 
  it was a mix of cultures that had to form a state from the ground up ( and they still had a civil war lest we forget ) .
