  world leading free democracies probably wo n't , but are they the main source of custom for a nation 's defence and armaments industries ? 
  another thing is , if you 're going to invest a few billion euro in something , would you pick the guys that recently delayed their deliveries ( reasons notwithstanding ) , or the guys that always deliver on time ? 
  i hope it does n't kill their industry , nothing close . 
  but that 's been a concern throughout this . 
   spain is way more attractive than uk/germany . 
  is it ? 
  it is hotter / sunnier . 
  it has nicer beaches . 
  but beyond that ? 
  what about infrastructure , welfare , workers rights , career prospects , average salaries , healthcare , education , so on and so forth ? 
  one of the benefits of being the biggest economies and having the most favourable job climates , amongst other things ( social welfare , language etc. 
  without seeing the contract terms specifically , it is probably enforced by russia and is under the jurisdiction of certain courts . 
  of course the debate may exist over whether france has a right to delay the deal given the extreme circumstances , but then again , when you 're selling warships to people , the chances are they want it for war . 
  it also probably does n't help the reputation of the french defence industry , which was one of the cited consequences of delaying the deal all along . 
  they cut the interest rate in an attempt to stimulate lending . 
  that 's the end goal of the other stuff announced today as well , such as the asset purchasing programme ( which can be seen as a sort of quantitative easing light ) . 
  the problem they 've been facing is that investors see the eurozone as risky , hence go elsewhere . 
  lower interest rates make the eurozone more appealing because the cost of borrowing is cheaper . 
  additional lending means investment in the economy because now loans are more attractive , people will apply for them and use them to support failing businesses and create new ones ( amongst other things ) . 
  increased lending also leads to increased consumption ( you spend the money you get in a loan ) , also helping the economy . 
  add into that the negative interest rate , which rose from -0.1 % to -0.2 % . 
  this affects banks that deposit money in certain ecb accounts , not your average saver . 
  as for why , the ecb tells us on their web site :  [ by reducing interest rates and thus making it less attractive for people to save and more attractive to borrow , the central bank encourages people to spend money or invest . 
  ] ( http://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/faqinterestrates.en.html ), 
   it is about to become the terrible impact that such a massive braindrain will have on the spanish economy for many years to come . 
  i 'd be interested to see a comparative study of this with the usa . 
  the coastal states , especially new york and california , plus other wealthy states such as texas , must benefit from a brain drain from the rest of the nation . 
  people emigrate to these states for better jobs and a better life . 
  that would be a carbon copy of what 's now happening in europe , from spain/southern europe to the uk/germany . 
  the difference of course being the federalisation of the usa means this is accounted for economically , whereas in the eu spain suffers the consequences whilst northern europe prospers . 
   the conflict with russia is killing what little recovery we had . 
  is it though ? 
  the whole russia conflict has been a case of the eu flattering to deceive . 
  everyone suggests sanctions but then they do n't deliver to the strength required . 
  this is because strong sanctions would hurt us as well , and given the fragility of the eurozone for the last eight years , that 's not something we want . 
   because they 're smaller economies . 
  this is the marvellous problem the eu has . 
  as a union of such size , it is always going to favour the larger economies ( much like the usa favours its biggest economies ) . 
  the problem being that as the eu is still a union of different members , with different economies , this problem will persist ( whereas in the usa wealth transfer between states happens ) . 
  favouring the big economies is correct , but there should be much larger wealth transfers to the smaller ones at the same time . 
  but wo n't the economy start going downhill again now those summer jobs have ended ? 
  the temporarily employed are now unemployed again , and with it come the negative consequences . 
   what 's wrong with brum ? 
  birmingham is big , but has practically nothing to do for a city of its size . 
  it 's very dull . 
  much like the accents of its residents , who make everything sound like a complaint . 
  quite a depressing place . 
   and everyone seems to like newcastle . 
  geordie shore people aside , newcastle has a fantastic nightlife . 
  most people have a least one good memory of a night out there . 
  that the usa funds most of nato ? 
  its well known fact . 
   we seemed to manage that very well during the libya conflict ? 
  france and the uk at the heart , working together just fine [ using nato command lines franco-british collaboration is deeper and stronger than anything else in europe . 
  it helps the two nations are about equal in terms of strength , history and willingness to engage . 
  bringing other smaller nations into this , especially in wars where said smaller nation is the most threatened ( e.g. 
  the baltics vs. russia ) is a completely different thing . 
  and libya did n't go so well . 
  we needed the usa after a matter of days because europe did n't have the equipment . 
  it also highlighted a core failing in eu collaboration because germany not only wanted no part in it , but also sided with russia and china in the security council and refused to allow any germany state equipment to be used . 
  the sum of what you 're saying is nato works well . 
  that 's true but it is nothing like european collaboration because it is overwhelmingly us funded . 
  its also far far away from anything close to a european army , which is the ultimate goal of these brigades . 
  most of the examples are of bilateral missions . 
  that 's markedly different from fighting as one army , with one permanent commander . 
  no , because the difference between this and any large scale conflict is ginormous . 
  we know we can work together bilaterally , as history shows in thousands of alliances . 
  but fighting as one unit , e.g. 
  two nations in the same army , is wildly different . 
  the appetite for larger conflict is also massively different . 
   the point was that european forces are able to join together effectively . 
  you ca n't simply dismiss their success just because the enemy was n't more dangerous . 
  yes and no . 
  on the one hand , everything you say here is correct . 
  it was a success and it showed that europe can cooperate and coordinate successful military missions . 
  on the other , the scope , size and danger of this mission is very important . 
  it does n't help us believe larger scale cooperation is either possible or realistic . 
   the number of european defense force is getting out of hand [ 4 ] . 
  its generally because they do n't mean anything unfortunately . 
   is this really how most british people feel right now ? 
  are they solid representation ? 
  this is how the ukip voting minority feel . 
  the problem is they are quite a loud minority , and hence distort the opinions of a larger group . 
  that group may also include eurosceptics , because not all eurosceptics are the `` hur dur hur dur brussels eussr bulgarians everywhere '' type . 
  it is unfortunate to say the least though . 
  there is considerably more gas also in the eastern region on the map , though the other minerals etc. 
  there make that region more valuable for more reasons than gas . 
  [ mines ] ( http://www.mapsofworld.com/ukraine/maps/ukraine-mineral-map.jpg ) . 
  i appreciate this map is n't too clear , but the east has the lion 's share of mineral deposits . 
  this includes the donets basin , the importance of which is evidenced by this [ old soviet poster ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/da/the_don_basin_-_the_heart_of_russia.jpg ) , ` donbass is the heart of russia ' . 
  according to [ this map ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-7af-euyny-m/uykpnvl_exi/aaaaaaaaf5y/b3yoxo1w8e8/s1600/rudko_14.png ) , gas reserves are there . 
  the ones in azov and the black sea are presumably bang where russia would hope to occupy ( connections with moldova ) . 
  the ones in the east ( seemingly the largest ) seem to be more east-central than east proper , which might make them very much negotiable in the event of a breakup of ukraine . 
   finland spends about 1.5 % gdp on their military 1.5 % is still 0.5 % short . 
  0.5 % might not seem like a lot , but its still 25 % less than a nation spending 2 % . 
  in real terms , that 's a considerable amount . 
  and the 2 % figure exists for a reason . 
   but there 's no doubt he 'll answer as soon as he has time !, 
  what music do you think plays when you 're on hold on the vladimir putin hotline ? 
   nato&us untill 2 months ago had no plans how to protect estonia ( ! ),
