  short-stay visas for example are for [ schengen 's 26 states ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?qid=1426692920930&amp;uri=uriserv:jl0031 ) . 
  so flexibility does exist . 
  after the uk 's election on 7 may , the next big thing will be the opening of renegotiation with the eu and probable referendum . 
  as the uk is n't in schengen and because immigration is the big issue in uk/eu relations , this might make an interesting concession that does n't affect the rest of the eu , but makes the uk quite happy . 
  the negotiations were not for ukraine to maintain a couple of warheads though . 
  neither russia nor the usa wanted ukraine to have any . 
  it was either a ) to maintain the world 's 3rd largest nuclear arsenal ( about 4,000 ) with all the associated costs , sanctions from the international community , and whatever else being the world 's 3rd largest nuclear power includes . 
  or b ) to work to disarm its nuclear deterrent and gain whatever concessions it could at the time ( security and financial ) . 
  what was the state of ukraine 's economy in 1994 , and how much better/worse would it be with an additional 4,000 nukes to deal with ? 
   only a fraction of what it had . 
  not all of them . 
  that still means ukraine is nuclear , which would mean sanctions , no financial aid , and large costs burdened by ukraine to maintain nukes and create operational capability . 
   no , i actually said it should not do this . 
  in which case i misunderstood . 
  my apologies . 
   opposed to current peaceful response ? 
  the current situation is probably 100x better than the situation had ukraine threatened to nuke russia , or actively stated it was now developing nuclear weapons . 
  as an absolute minimum , look at israel/iran . 
  i 'd expect the second russia gets an idea of where such developments are happening , preventative airstrikes would occur . 
  and as for the west , they 'd surely not support ukraine in developing nukes . 
   i meant , from now . 
  not in 1991 . 
  so you argue ukraine should have kept its nukes since 1991 , then when russia moved into crimea ( approximately ) , should have begun building more nukes or seeking the technology to launch nukes ? 
  that would surely have been met with an aggressive response from russia . 
  not to mention the cost of maintenance from 1991 to 2015 , the lack of financial aid in that period and whatever other consequences ukraine avoided by removing its stockpile . 
   are you an expert to make such statements ? 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances ) oft cited wiki carries two separate citations that say the use of nukes in ukraine was reliant on russia . 
  [ one ] ( http://cns.miis.edu/npr/pdfs/pikaye13.pdf ) and [ two ] ( http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=mnanc3lyusqc ) . 
  here is a [ third ] ( http://fas.org/news/ukraine/k16.html ) that explains the situation in 1993 more clearly , outlining the rationale behind ukraine decommissioning . 
  assuming russia expected ukraine 's response would be to launch a nuclear attack on russia . 
  and every consequence that would bring . 
  israel has been in several wars despite being nuclear . 
  the uk is nuclear , yet argentina attacked the falklands . 
  its also worth noting the massive consequences ukraine would have faced for the the last 20 years had it chose to remain nuclear , not to mention the significant investment ukraine would have had to self-finance in order to become nuclear operational . 
  you said ukraine could just `` keep several warheads '' , and within a couple of years could have the technology to produce `` dozens more '' . 
  that 's still nuclear status , and still would have seen ukraine receive no financial aid and be an immediate worry to russia and the west , as oppose to receiving significant us financial aid . 
  it also overlooks that ukraine did not have the technology to make its nukes operational . 
  it could make the bombs themselves , but not launch them . 
  for this ukraine needed moscow . 
  that technology takes a long time , is expensive and is not guaranteed . 
  meanwhile , ukraine would have been repeatedly sanctioned for being a nuclear state . 
  not to mention what different responses russia may have had , knowing its neighbour was actively developing nukes against its interests . 
  i also argue ukraine 's nuclear status would n't have prevented an attack . 
  the falklands or the history of israel are testament to this . 
  and if russia had stepped into crimea , would you support nuclear retaliation against russia ? 
   we could keep just several warheads and keep the nuclear-capable status . 
  that 's what matters . 
  keeping some changes nothing . 
  ukraine would not have nuked russia for taking crimea or the current ongoings in east ukraine . 
  that would have been signing your own death certificate . 
  the west also desired that ukraine give up its nukes . 
  keeping them would likely have meant sanctions and an already difficult economy being plunged much further down . 
  producing more warheads would have made this several times worse . 
  remember ukraine did n't have operational control of its stockpile . 
  moscow did . 
  so keeping nukes means either staying close to moscow , or developing ukraine 's own operational capacity . 
  the second of those is hugely expensive and success is not guaranteed . 
  and do n't think this would have gone unnoticed . 
  russia for one would be well aware of ukraine 's desire to develop its nuclear capacity . 
   ukraine is a manufacturer of the most powerful icbm on the planed ( satan ) . 
  how do you think the world reacts to 1991 ukraine saying `` hey guys , we 're going to build `` dozens '' more of these . 
  mind giving us some financial aid ? 
  remember ukraine was a major recipient of us financial aid in the 1990s . 
  nuclear disarmament was a condition for this . 
   if you ever have nuclear weapons , do n't hand them over to someone else . 
  this is a massively simplified point . 
  ukraine was correct to give up its nukes . 
  ukraine was far from united at this time . 
  the decision to give up nukes was seen as a way for ukraine to distance itself from moscow . 
  ukrainian nukes relied on operational control from moscow ( ironically the main threat to ukraine ) . 
  it would have taken a lot of investment for ukraine to develop nuclear independence from russia and it still would not be guaranteed ( developing nukes is difficult ) . 
  secondly , nuclear states have been attacked despite having nukes . 
  the falklands were attacked by argentina and israel has been in tons of conflicts . 
  if ukraine had nukes and russia went ahead and took crimea , the world would not justify ukraine nuking russia . 
  ukraine too would be well aware that doing this would give russia carte blanche to wipe ukraine off the planet . 
  ukraine was also economically dire when it agreed to do this . 
  removing its nuclear stockpile would bring ukraine closer to the west and the economic development there . 
  and that 's before taking on the cost of retaining nukes , let alone significant further investment . 
  here 's a quote from the ukrainian deputy minister of the time :  `` our western partners made it clear that if the ukraine had not chosen nuclear-free status , all possible political , economic and psychological sanctions would have been applied against us . '', 
  the ecb is responsible for a whole heap of monetary policy decisions , hence why people protest it when these decisions go against them ( e.g. 
  greece for the past seven years ) . 
  the strange thing is during the years of austerity frankfurt was n't protested in . 
  but now the reigns are being slowly lifted and qe brought in , now people protest . 
  thus making the discussion even more fun . 
  geographically speaking , hopefully [ this helps ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/28/british_isles_euler_diagram_15.svg/2000px-british_isles_euler_diagram_15.svg.png ) . 
  the issue is that british can be both a strictly geographic term ( e.g. 
  british isles ) and also a political term ( e.g. 
  british islands in the above image ) . 
  so geographically ( not politically ) , yes . 
  culturally and politically is very much dependent on what part of northern ireland you 're walking through . 
  and that 's where the debate gets interesting . 
  if you want to complicate it many more times over , add some [ british overseas territories ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_overseas_territories ) to the mix . 
  geographically british ? 
  obviously not . 
  culturally/politically though ? 
  i 'm all for putting pressure on saudi arabia to do more here , that 's fine . 
  but the saudis refusing to help should n't give any european country the right to refuse either . 
  surely europe aims for its ethical barometer to be higher than that . 
  '' ... so northern ireland is n't british . '', 
  oh the joys of discussing that statement .
