  what threats genuinely exist to germany ? 
  nord stream exists to safeguard german energy and make gas cheaper for them . 
  an energy union sounds great in principle , but in reality it may mean certain nations ( e.g. 
  germany ) end up paying more for gas than their current deals . 
  why would those nations want to pay more ? 
  i do n't mean for this to come across as anti-german , its just their example is the easiest . 
   if you are setting yourself up as the heart of the eu i 'm going to play devil 's advocate here . 
  merkel is n't setting germany up as the heart of the eu . 
  she engineering a situation whereby germany is as successful as possible . 
  europe does n't elect her . 
  the lack of an energy union has created that situation in terms of energy and industrial output ( what the energy is used for ) . 
  the eurocrisis has created a euro that is conducive to exceptional german exports . 
  they lobby the eu on behalf of their members . 
  the scottish fisherman 's federation lobby brussels exclusively to better the lot of scottish fishermen . 
   hey , merkel , cameron , hollande - this shit is not going to stop . 
  in cameron 's defence at least , the uk has proposed pretty strong action e.g. 
  banning russia from swift . 
  the uk is minimally reliant on russia for energy , so its free to do that sort of thing . 
  the question is why would merkel shit on germany 's industrial output and energy supplies in order to help a country that 's not germany ? 
   yes , the whole point is that they always existed , were just not recognized . 
  that does n't change anything . 
  certain human rights were not recognised 400 years ago . 
  it may well be that certain human rights that should exist are yet to be recognised . 
  this quote assumes that all necessary human rights are currently in existence ( at least in the uk , which is a shocking statement . 
   500 years , actually , there was n't a whole lot before las casas and locke . 
  so it took us 1,500 years to realise that maybe everyone deserves even a basic right , and 500 years to realise actually everyone probably deserves a couple of basic rights . 
   `` if you 've got investments in french businesses , get them out quickly ...  as group [ john lewis ] plans french-language site launch '' he seems to be contradicting himself quite a lot here . 
   there should be no `` legal blank cheque to take human rights into areas where they have never applied '' , he said . 
  that 's a terrifying statement . 
  above all else , it assumes all existing human rights have existed since the beginning of time , rather than the all too slow development of human rights that has taken us millennia . 
  should we assume he would 've held this exact view when human rights were being discussed in previous centuries ? 
   ` do their homework ' , who does merkel think she is ? 
  the other countries ' mother ? 
  unfortunately for the rest of europe , she thinks she 's the german chancellor . 
  she therefore supports the policies that lead to german growth , which is the situation whereby the rest of europe stays in line with its austere budgets , whilst germany repeatedly hits surplus . 
   the idea that we should only defend weak countries if they are in the eu or nato is screwed up . 
  it 's like not stopping a burglary you see because the neighbour in question does n't come to neighbourhood watch meetings . 
  they are in no way comparable . 
  to cite but one reason why , the neighbour will get insurance on his/her house and its contents . 
  countries do n't have that . 
  in theory ukraine could take this to the icj , though we all know that wo n't get them anywhere at all . 
   ukraine wants to be in nato - it 's just us stopping it . 
  and with good reason . 
  nato would not and should not accept nations that are currently at war . 
  the scenario would be very simple : 1 : ukraine joins nato . 
  2 : ukraine invokes article v as it is being attacked . 
  3 : nato goes to war with russia . 
  this means either a ` normal ' war that rips apart all of europe and russia , or nuclear war , which destroys the world . 
   growing up , i always assumed we had something called `` collective deterrence '' where we would n't let european countries be invaded by their neighbours , but we all just stood there and did fuck all while russia annexed parts of a foreign country . 
  we do have that , but in saying `` european '' you 've opened a massive can of worms . 
  ukraine is n't in nato or the eu , which is where our formal `` collective deterrence '' resides . 
  so did we let a foreign country ( russia ) invade and annexe a foreign country ( ukraine ) , yes absolutely . 
  did we let russia invade and annexe a `` european '' country ( in a political or legal sense ) , no we did not . 
  its also interesting that you consider ukraine european , but mention russia only as `` foreign '' or `` neighbours '' . 
  it would be very difficult to draw such a division between the people of kiev and the people of moscow in my opinion . 
  germany was in economic ruin in 1931 . 
  why did they get the olympics ( i realise it was less of an economic spend back then , but still ? 
  that 's like awarding it to zimbabwe now . 
   that 's past insane . 
  did russia have to do this ? 
  probably , but sochi is n't moscow or st petersburg , so its less of a big deal . 
  london certainly did it . 
   funny how germany is always very concerned with budgetary rules but not trade rules eh ? 
  everyone else 's shite economy devalues the euro and consequently increases german exports . 
  for as long as everyone keeps turning in rubbish budget deficits and generally woeful economic performances , germany continues to coin it in . 
   in that case , there 's presumably little demand for such a thing so why is the eu funding it ? 
  my guess would be the eu would release a document justifying it , if they went ahead . 
  there would likely be a selection of reasons , including : * cultural , i.e. 
  it links two european nations together and thus further unifies europe . 
  added bonus for estonia being culturally/historically ` eastern ' and finland culturally/historically ` western ' . 
  * economic , as there will be some economic benefit to it , so they 'll justify it on that regardless . 
  * infrastructure modernisation . 
  it would probably depend on the catalan experience . 
  if they go independent and are largely successful , other regions may follow suit . 
  if they go independent and hit road block after road block ( spain banning it , being refused entry / kicked out the eu / financial issues / anything else ) then i 'd expect other regions wo n't be so keen . 
   he 'll hold the referendum ( if elected ) but it will be heavily biased towards staying in the eu . 
  either the referendum will have 3 options ( stay unchanged , stay with reform , leave ) not quite . 
  the conservatives will work post-election ( if they win ) to renegotiate our deal . 
  that renegotiated deal will then be presented in an two choice ( in/out ) referendum on the eu . 
  the strength of this method is that it threatens the eu with brexit if they do n't offer a strong enough renegotiation for the uk . 
  failed renegotiation means exit , a good new deal means staying in the eu . 
  this incentivises the eu to give britain a better deal . 
  to keep up with this , the conservatives must appear relatively anti-eu until their renegotiated deal is secured ( this also allows them to fully demonstrate what they won for britain ) . 
  this is precisely what 's happening right now . 
  it does . 
  there 's some name for a phenomenon whereby the uk imports loads of energy when people make cups of tea during advert breaks . 
  this comes from france . 
   they did say they could use it without a currency union . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  using sterling without a currency union is a blatantly subpar option . 
  the yes campaign played their currency hand by saying no currency union was a negotiation tactic . 
  if no currency union would 've been ok with the electorate ( it clearly was not ) , then yes would not have had to constantly repeat this statement . 
  you could see it in the second debate because salmond continuously emphasised `` we can use sterling '' and constantly over-rided darling 's response of `` not in a currency union '' . 
   on the other hand , it is a relatively good time to hold a referendum , as the party in power is n't labour . 
  i agree with this . 
  its a mixture of things , labour not being in power and the apex of salmond 's career and a long and successful snp government in holyrood . 
  unfortunately for yes , external circumstances , namely surrounding currency and the european economy created very strong grounds to argue uncertainty . 
   i 'm not sure they ever would 've been able to answer them sufficiently to win the vote . 
  i disagree with this . 
  the reason yes could n't answer them is because the answer people wanted was not attainable .
