  they all had one thing in common , a desire to move somewhere new to better their lives . 
  europe on the other hand is a mix of established ( and world-leading in almost every arena ) nations , trying to fuse their independent histories , cultures and societies together . 
  i think usoe could work , but its a overwhelmingly long-term project ( as is the usa ) . 
  i take that as a challenge . 
  what shall we do for next year ? 
  there 's a possible chance some ` ethnic brits ' can return independent scotland to westminster . 
  i completely agree with this for the uk media . 
  everytime its pointed out that we are the best nation ever at hosting any and every sporting event and already have all the world beating infrastructure in place ( then the next day there 's mass criticism of london 's transport infrastructure , which is shitty ) . 
  more to the point though , i think the ioc , fifa etc. 
  deliberately leak this kind of information . 
  perhaps to motivate the host nation to speed up their construction a little bit ? 
  by that definition ukip also have n't committed to their eu referendum policy because their manifesto is n't out yet . 
  i get what you 're saying , but to all intents and purposes they committed pretty strongly . 
   the conservative party has done no concrete moves to provide a referendum outside of what is already established in the european union act 2011 . 
  they 've announced a referendum on uk eu membership for 2017 , should they win a majority in the 2015 general election . 
  the election majority caveat is a pretty big one , but their policy in nonetheless very clear . 
   the conservative party is n't just playing clever with the eu , it \u00eds playing clever with the british people as well . 
  fully agree with that . 
  the only instance in which special treatment should be permitted is when a member state can clearly demonstrate a special circumstance . 
  that should be dealt with on a case by case basis . 
  opt-outs are sometimes valid and worthwhile for instance . 
   firstly this sort of compromise continues this strange fragile relationship where the uk does n't get a referendum the uk would still get a referendum based on conservative party policy . 
  they aim to renegotiate the uk-eu relationship , then offer the uk people a referendum based on that . 
  its a pretty astute tactic in that the conservatives are trying to place the impetus on the eu itself to offer the british people a better deal . 
  yeah that is fucking disgusting . 
  good work !, 
   a person with a ph.d in micro-biology that 's still a specialised person . 
  the best examples come from the lower echelons of education . 
  what do builders , bin men , receptionists , salon workers etc. 
  get to vote on ? 
  this is why its a terrible idea . 
  these people pay taxes and thus contribute to all areas of society . 
  they should therefore get a vote on all areas . 
   i do n't see that as a possibility simply because it 's not ever possible to educate anyone sufficiently the problem is n't education . 
  its misinformation in the press and in political propaganda ( see ukip posters for a good example ) . 
   if people gave up a bit more of their privacy rights this is exactly the wrong time for governments to propose anything related to giving up privacy rights . 
  being the reason why . 
  and that 's regardless of what rights people are being asked to give up because it would receive blanket criticism from most/all opposition parties . 
   think of it less as `` removing the voice of less educated '' and more of a `` focusing that voice on the aspects they can usefully contribute to '' its still massively problematic . 
  following it through it means lowly educated people do n't get a vote on major issues ( economics , foreign policy etc. ) . 
  i think we have the right system at the moment , we just need to better educate people and cut down on news stories that are complete lies . 
  bears shit in the woods . 
  but if nobody is there to hear , see or smell it , then do bears shit at all ? 
   use internet to get direct vote on each topic instead of representation voting . 
  not everyone has the internet and/or the capability to use it . 
  old people for example , who the uk for instance vote en masse . 
  capability tests would also be a step back in terms of democracy . 
  it would in effect discriminate against those with minimal education . 
   civil servants do n't make the big decisions . 
  they can make small decisions , but it 's hardly the same . 
  civil servants advise on almost all decisions . 
  their role is to be ( in theory ) a non-partisan advisor to whichever government is in power . 
   disagreeing economists will still make better decisions than disagreeing non-economists . 
  examples ? 
  governments employ economists . 
  the financial crisis and euro showed precisely that they disagree . 
  having an economist as president or prime minister does n't change much . 
  they still employ a team of advisors . 
  economists in government give the appearance of technocracy ( mario monti as one example ) . 
  by being disinterested in party politics they theoretically provide better solutions . 
  but they ca n't avoid bias , either personal bias or political bias ( the financial crisis , the euro , privatisations all show this ) . 
  every policy has its opponents , which means any leader , economist or otherwise , is going to be bias one way or the other . 
   especially in the case of countries like the us or uk where money makes such a difference as far as universities go , its no surprise that of the top 100 in the world ( by any metric ) the majority charge high fees . 
  those fees are the capital they can invest in the best staff , facilities and research . 
   still , those disagreeing people will achieve more when making economic than people that do n't know anything about economics . 
  a government that has economists will always solve an economic problem quicker than a government that does n't . 
  whether economists are an agreeable bunch or not . 
  all governments have economists . 
  they 're employed in the civil service ( so avoid the short time horizons of politicians ) rather than being in the government itself . 
  / u/theemuts point is still correct though . 
  economists disagree over many things . 
  one example is the financial crisis . 
  some believe that austerity was a necessity , others believe we could spend our way out of the crisis . 
  the funny thing is how articles nowadays always refer back to whichever group was correct . 
  an example of this is the euro in the late 90s . 
  some economists thought it was amazing , others thought it was terrible . 
  either way , all we here now is `` as economists predicted in the late 1990s ... '', 
  not yet you 're not . 
  then you realise you can do what all dictators do and have a gaudy shite [ solid gold house interior . 
  ] ( http://blogs.mirror.co.uk/captain-greybeard/yacht.jpg ), 
  that will be an interesting period . 
  the romanian leader that takes the country into the euro will find himself in a position where he can borrow without any short-term consequences ( a flaw in all politicians ) . 
  thus he can spend excessively to win re-election ( infrastructure/health anything and everything ) . 
  spending and debt will definitely increase , but hopefully 2007 taught leaders and the eu to not let history repeat itself . 
  i hope their enlightened undergraduate mastery convinced you one way or the other ... 
  this tax is literally the policy equivalent of :  `` look its all those evil bankers fault look what we the eu are doing to get them '', 
   wages rise with experience . 
  collective contracts dictate an automatic 50 $ raise for every year worked . 
  yeah that 's exactly the same as in most if not all countries with a minimum wage . 
  again that 's not the point of it . 
  minimum wages are designed to protect workers at the lowest end of the salary scale . 
  if the lowest earners in society are taking home about the same as the minimum wage in similar nations ( e.g. 
  belgium , netherlands , france , uk ) then a minimum wage serves little purpose . 
  if that 's not happening then a minimum wage would be beneficial as it helps the poorest in society . 
  discrimination by education is not an argument . 
  that 's exactly what it is . 
  discrimination is an unfortunate term as it has very negative connotations , but in these instances its not like that . 
  coupons for example are a form of price discrimination . 
  it rarely suffers from people being paid the minimum wage anyway . 
  its there to protect the lowest earners , for instance factory workers ( i.e.
