   the uk ministry of defence said on tuesday evening that a plane carrying 1m euros had arrived in cyprus as a contingency measure to provide military personnel and their families with emergency loans . 
  its good to see that our man did n't just fly into the sunset with his $ 1m . 
  i 'm down for that , but you 'd have to sell it to the rest of the netherlands . 
  they have n't seemed as keen in frisian , despite its clear benefits . 
  i also warn you , english people suck at speaking foreign languages . 
   but it did cause and is still causing a sovereign debt crisis and is prolonging the depression in europe could you expand a little more on this ? 
  i agree that the structure of the eurozone has contributed to the problem , and i agree that the eu could 've handled this better . 
  one issue is the comparison of qe between the usa and eu . 
  you say the us can do qe , but then compare that with spain doing qe . 
  in the concept of the eurozone , spain is a state and the governing body is the eu/ecb ( much like how michigan is a state and the us government/fed are the governing body ) . 
  thus the two are not directly comparable . 
  that might seem strange given spain is of course a country whereas michigan is not , but both are members of a currency union , and in this very specific sense are equal ( evidently to the detriment of spain , greece etc. ) . 
  it would be like giving each individual state in the usa the power to do qe to solve state problems , which obviously does n't work . 
  you might criticise the euro on this basis because spain and michigan should be seen as different ( thus presenting a problem in the $ model in the first place ) , and i completely agree with you . 
  similarly , and i apologise if i have misunderstood , you seem to overlook the role of individual governments still . 
  continuing with the irish example , i quote from the abstract of a paper delivered to the world bank :  among the triggers for the property bubble was the sharp fall in interest rates following euro membership : within the euro zone also the disciplines of the market which had traditionally served as warning signs of excess were muted . 
  lacking these prompts , irish policymakers neglected the basics of public finance , wage policy and bank regulation . 
  [ given may 2009 . 
  ] ( http://www.tcd.ie/economics/staff/phonohan/what%20went%20wrong.pdf ) in this case the eurozone created the conditions for the irish debt crisis by offering ireland better financial conditions than ireland should have had . 
  however the responsibility for why the debt crisis hit ireland lays with the policymakers that allowed this to happen . 
  greece went on a big public spending spree after joining the eurozone . 
  again , that rests with the government ( though without the $ this would n't be possible ) . 
  interesting , particularly the part in brackets . 
  in which case the government of england ( west and east - and only now do i realise the horrible comparison to two germanys pre-1990 ) must be located in den haag . 
  then its a continental government . 
  finance remains in london . 
  dutch people speak better english than english people speak dutch . 
  therefore english becomes the primary mode of communication , though the rest are of course officially recognised . 
  step forward luxembourg , with 15 % vat ( eu 's lowest ) . 
  liechtenstein and switzerland have vats of 8 % , but of course are not eu . 
  vat and sales tax are technically different , but i presume vat is what you mean . 
  would you say that crisis countries are in crisis because of the euro , or more because of the actions of their government after entering the euro ? 
  of course the actions of bankers etc. 
  are responsible , but they 're responsible for the whole world 's meltdown , not just select european countries . 
  an example : ireland 's economy was over reliant on banks . 
  but the irish government also authorised and supported this . 
  that collapsed , hey presto . 
   it 's stuff like this that really makes me wish we either had a real union ( i.e. 
  one where individual countries ca n't pull shit like this ) i presume by real union you also mean set an eu wide tax rate ? 
  you say 28 % , but most european countries are below that . 
  to provide a pleasantly topical example , cyprus is 10 % . 
  ireland is 12.5 % . 
  [ here 's a list . 
  this includes european countries , not just eu , so you can freely ignore russia , ukraine etc. 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_rates_of_europe ) for a slightly more stable example , sweden is 22 % . 
  the problem is the eu economies are massively varied . 
  a 20 % corporate tax rate across the eu would kill some nations and be amazing for some others . 
  its all to do with individual state models . 
  standardised tax rates also mean largely standardised income tax rates too ( or else that just becomes another area to gain competitive advantage ) . 
  the same link provides a few of those , but again the differences make standardisation impossible ( this is max income tax btw ) : nl 52 % fin 53 % , aus 50 % , ger and gre 45 % , pol 32 % , cyp 35 % . 
  taking a middle ground of 45 % , i wonder if cypriots would be happy paying 10 % more taxes each year , to compensate for the dutch reduction of 7 % ? 
  theoretically more companies will base out of the uk , meaning more tax revenues for us , and more jobs being created in these new hqs ( less unemployment , more income tax revenue ) . 
  plus smaller companies ( especially those without the tax avoidance expertise ) will post bigger net profits , thus allowing them to grow quicker and hopefully invest in more staff ( thus reducing unemployment ) . 
  currently british companies also pay less tax ( thus reducing our current tax revenue ) . 
  the treasury should have calculated the loss of tax revenue will be more than counteracted by the benefits in the above paragraph . 
  at the top end of the business spectrum we already know starbucks etc. 
  were n't even paying taxes , so its not like this decrease is costing us billions . 
  that 's some theory . 
  what actual happens we have to wait and see . 
  personally i 'm hopeful about it ( and i 'll take any opportunity to criticise the tories ) . 
  we are n't going to post amazing financial results during the eurozone crisis , and i think people know that . 
  the private banks act in the way they do because of a lack of reform by the public government . 
  if the government closed the loopholes cyprus would n't be a money laundering haven . 
  if the private banks go bankrupt , the public lose their money . 
  this problem will be blamed on the public government . 
  despite the difference between private bank and public government , look how much effort the public government is putting into saving the private banks . 
  technically they are different entities . 
  the reality is far more blurred , with bad things for one meaning bad consequences for the other . 
  ca n't all of england just join the netherlands , but we rename the netherlands england east ? 
  that will get rid of the ` is it holland or is it netherlands ' problem too !, 
  everyone 's a winner . 
  ca n't all of england just join the netherlands , but we rename the netherlands england east ? 
  that will get rid of the ` is it holland or is it netherlands ' problem too !, 
  everyone 's a winner . 
  so how do you expect german eu policy to evolve after the election ( presuming a pro-eu coalition comes to power as seems likely ) ? 
  does germany commit more of its resources to bailouts ? 
  cyprus is a tax haven . 
  unlike iceland , its economy is largely dependent on foreign account holders . 
  cyprus has around $ 70bn in deposits . 
  of that around us $ 31bn is russian . 
  if cypriot banks fail these investors will never comeback , which will take a massive cut out of the cypriot gdp and budget ** permanently ** . 
  that means the cypriot economy needs massive restructuring ( i.e. 
  billions of $ needs to be sourced from elsewhere ) . 
  so , permanent big tax hikes , coupled with massive reductions in the public sector . 
  a 6.75 % levy caused what we saw today . 
  imagine how they 'd be once they see a big income tax increase . 
  would n't take long before they 've lost more than that initial 6.75 % . 
  i wonder who the masses would blame this time ? 
  have a look at these [ tax rates of european countries . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_rates_of_europe ) if cyprus loses its foremost industry you can probably see how that will impact the locals income tax rates . 
   i do n't see how germans are conservative though sorry , i do n't mean conservative in that sense . 
  i mean from the current political perspective of germany , will it become more liberal towards the eu ( i.e. 
  sacrificing more ) , or will it become more conservative towards the eu ( i.e. 
  sacrificing less ) ? 
  if it fails now its going to take a lot lot longer to get back to where it was . 
  without the confidence of tax avoiders and big corporations the cypriot economy is going to require a massive overhaul . 
  either that or the country prostitutes itself to russia . 
  bailout for energy resources anybody ? 
  so now the rich , the very people who prop up the cypriot economy , will lose all their deposits ? 
  something tells me that shit will trickle down pretty quickly when cyprus finds a big fucking gaping whole in its budget next year .
