  i 'm sorry that its personal to you . 
  this is the epitome of first world problems . 
  read this and thought der anschluss was what was going on in austria right now . 
  worried me . 
  yeah i agree huhne deserves the worst of it . 
  but she can fuck herself given she 's broken the law . 
  should know better . 
   especially in the case of privatisations , why sell something for x euros when it will generate x euros for you in 2-5 years worth of profits ? 
  got any evidence of this ? 
  lets put some real examples in : you 're saying $ 1bn will be raised by selling off a company that currently posts profits of around $ 250m per year . 
  if those sort of statistics exist , then you 're right . 
  however i doubt they are profitable to that extent . 
  and if they are , their ipos are going to be massive , as in several billion $ minimum . 
  hardly . 
  just look it up on eurostat . 
  the reason its smaller now is because of the policies they have been made to implement . 
  it shrank by 75,000 in the last 1.5 yrs according to greece 's finance minister . 
  greece agreed to cut it by 150,000 . 
  it is massively overstaffed . 
  thats established fact . 
  [ some of that info is here . 
  ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2013/mar/03/greece-public-sector-job-cuts )  a sample size of one what are you expecting ? 
  greece 's economy is the worst in europe . 
  please propose alternative solutions that you can back up with real evidence . 
  if the industries being privatised were so successful , they would n't be being privatised . 
  i agree worker rights are getting terrible in that country . 
   this still does n't give you the right to use loaded phrases such as '' [ greece ] plunged itself into deep crisis '' . 
  perhaps that sounds a little harsh on greece in that there are other important sources of the crisis ( sub-prime mortgages etc. ) . 
  but , in the context of the eurozone crisis , i fail to see how you can argue greece is n't responsible for why greece is in such a bad position . 
  much like the uk is responsible for its situation , france for its , germany for its , and so on . 
  anyway , the question of are these reforms in the right direction . 
  given the incredible amount of overspending the greek government engaged in , serious cost cutting is absolutely necessary . 
  that does suck , and the people do feel it ( much like anywhere else where cost-cutting policies are used ) . 
  the bureaucracy there was one example . 
  it was vastly overstaffed and under efficient . 
  beyond that austerity is of course divisive . 
  germany believes in it . 
  the imf does not . 
  i 'd agree that austerity needs some rethinking at this point . 
   greece has finally started implementing reforms yes this is a wholly positive development . 
  greece has laboured against these reforms , tough though they maybe . 
  that inaction only served to worsen their situation . 
  contrast with latvia , who went hard and fast on reform , and implemented it at all levels . 
  they had some rubbish times , but are recovering brilliantly . 
  greece has been the opposite of this . 
  you earlier stated reform was n't all positive in greece . 
  would you like to elaborate on what parts of the greek public sector should remain the same in that case ? 
  privatisation , one thing you stated , will in fact help . 
  greece retains stakes in many ( save the state owned casinos ) industries , and the private sector should help streamline and trim inefficient services to make them profitable . 
  [ here 's the basic announcement . 
  ] ( http://www.minfin.gr/portal/en/resource/contentobject/id/2f09efef-f916-4450-8236-de0606f1e12d ), 
   bring greece back into line with the rest of europe . 
  this means that the greek financial situation is significantly worse than the rest of europe . 
  nobody doing particularly well at the moment , but greece is doing significantly worse . 
   after it plunged itself into deep crisis . 
  of course what all the reasons you mention explain why europe is in such a deep financial crisis at the moment . 
  however , as i stated above , greece 's financial crisis is significantly worse . 
  the question then beckons , why did this crisis hit greece more so than any other european country ? 
  the reason of course being the improper way the greek government acted prior to 2007 ( such as drastically overspending ) and , as another example , the endemic tax evasion that plagued the country . 
   greece 's incompetence . 
  depends how you want to define incompetence . 
  was the greek government incompetent in the years preceding 2007 . 
  yes , overwhelmingly . 
  were the greek population that paid their taxes incompetent ? 
  not at all . 
  i have the greatest sympathy for these people . 
  they 've worked hard , paid their way , and been royally fucked over by the establishment and their non-tax paying compatriots . 
  thirdly , were the greek non-tax paying population incompetent ? 
  yes they were . 
  tax evasion is a crime for good reasons . 
  how would you explain why greece has been harmed so much more by this crisis than other european nation ? 
  this problem is unfortunately one of perspective . 
  for greece , these reforms are bad . 
  their situation was obviously better before all this started , i.e. 
  pre-2007 ( one may argue this happy situation was artificial though , given greece was clearly living beyond its means ) . 
  then again , from the perspective of the rest of the world , these reforms , though tough and thankless , are good . 
  they are working to bring greece back into line with the rest of europe after it plunged itself into deep crisis . 
  a very sad reality of the three examples offered is a lack to reform accordingly . 
  this article refers to all three : * france needs to be more bold . 
  hollande has presided over stagnation . 
  lagarde will criticise him . 
  * italy can not agree on reform ( or anything for that matter ) . 
  this is the first part of the problem listed in the article . 
  * greece has initiated reform . 
  it however , took so long to do so and has faced such endemic corruption , that it presents a problem above and beyond the others . 
  i personally think greece could do with a move away from austerity . 
  this faces the problem of nobody in the right mind trusting their government to invest accordingly . 
  if it happened , it would n't be anywhere near as big , or involve the ` major powers ' ( the eu3 ) . 
  i do n't see germany making a blitzkrieg for paris again . 
  nor can i see france going napoleon 2.0 and heading for moscow . 
  maybe something would flare up in southern europe , i.e. 
  that greece is particularly volatile at the moment . 
  but that would be internal . 
  still terrible , and would certainly yield european intervention , but nothing like the 20th century . 
  bad times lead to bad things , but juncker 's parallels overlook some important things . 
  ww1 was the result of a european arms race , an unstable kaiser , and most importantly two divisive entente treaties . 
  austria-hungary declares was on serbia , therefore russia on austria-hungary , therefore germany on russia , therefore britain and france on germany . 
  that situation is not present today . 
   europe in my view is well poised to actually be successful on the premise that member states act like individual ( firms ) seeking the best outcome . 
  i would argue the eu was founded upon the effects of this type of europe .
