  italy disproportionately complains about migrant ships and a lack of cooperation there . 
  why ? 
  because that sector disproportionately affects italy . 
   the uk is never arguing in favour for something european , it 's only pennypinching and complaining . 
  the uk donating over a third of the eu 's total ebola fund is clearly one area where it is considerably more ` european ' than anyone else . 
  csdp is another area where the uk leads the way . 
  it already does for some countries . 
   it 's not the first time that they complain when they see the bill everyone complains when they see expensive bills . 
  in what way do you see the uk as being somehow special here ? 
  does portugal not have laws stating that all children shall be in education between certain ages ? 
   it was not uncommon for children as young as 6 or 7 to do several hours of work a day . 
  this is something that was generally eradicated around 100 years ago at least . 
  the only exception is during world wars , when children were evacuated to farmlands , and which is something of an anomaly situation anyway . 
   `` hey look , bill gates donated another billion to charity and this neighbor of mine did n't even sent 1 million '' are you trying to compare the wealth difference between bill gates and your neighbour , with the wealth difference between britain , france and germany ? 
  and so far have done so , have they not ? 
  i 'm curious to see if there 's evidence the uk deliberately misses eu payments , whereas all other member states are always on time and paying the correct amount . 
  the issue is they are illegal migrants in the country from which they departed . 
  so in this example libya has as much of a right to refuse them as italy does . 
   wrong aproach by the uk , it 's their responsability as much as ours at the border this is all it needs to be . 
  the part about the `` pull effect '' is irrelevant . 
  if this is a common policy then we should all be contributing towards it , regardless of whether one 's country is a destination for migrants or a place they 'd rather avoid . 
  the pro-eu campaign will emerge as ukip grow , but its more that a pro-eu rhetoric now actually exists , whereas it previously did not . 
  the awkward thing with ukip , and which explains their continued rise alongside growing pro-eu votes , is that they are an alternative to our own major parties as much as an alternative to europe . 
   juncker was elected the same way that barroso was , as they have the same job . 
  no he was not , as the rules changed . 
  juncker was the first commission president elected via the spitzenkandidat system ( i.e. 
  he was the nomination of the parliament 's most successful party grouping ) . 
  the thing with these is they tend to ignore contradiction in voter opinions . 
  i would happily wager that when people say `` uk citizens working in the eu '' , they mean nations like france , germany or spain . 
  when however they say `` eu citizens working in the uk '' , they mean romania , bulgaria and poland . 
  the obvious problem is that the eu includes all of these , and the uk can not exit the eu only to negotiate with the select few nations as a result . 
  uk voters must realise this before voting in an in/out referendum . 
  to be fair , these are states allied to russia . 
  western nations , e.g. 
  the usa , uk and france , all have troops stationed overseas either in allied nations or nations that used to be their colonies ( uk and france ) . 
  the strange thing is i do n't remember any of his previous attempts at this . 
  all i recall hearing is `` i will renegotiate '' , thus implying he 's going to do it in the future . 
  i would bet that if you read the daily mail for a day or two you 'd find something about non-eu migrants `` demanding '' houses successfully from the government . 
  i agree with you , however i stated the following :  if there 's reason to believe the players themselves will injure each other deliberately this is in line with your point of view . 
  so if a player loses his cool mid-match and unexpectedly , he will be punished as per the rules of the game . 
  my statement applies only to instances where it is reasonable to expect a player will go into a match with the deliberate intention of harming someone else . 
   and if they ca n't play the game in an empty stadium . 
  they can . 
  there is no issue with this , it has been done before and is a threatened punishment by uefa in many cases ( termed as playing the match ` behind closed doors ' ) . 
  if there 's reason to believe the players themselves will injure each other deliberately , they should not be allowed to play professional football . 
  that same rule is applied in every other job on the planet and football should be no exception . 
  fans should just be more mature . 
  if the teams are drawn together and there 's reasonable belief that violence should occur , automatically play the game behind closed doors . 
  if there 's reasonable belief the violence would only occur from one set of fans , those fans are 100 % banned from the match . 
   apple used technicalities in irish and american tax law to pay little or no corporate taxes on at least $ 74 billion over the past four years . 
  [ link ] ( http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/sb10001424127887324787004578495250424727708 ) i am far from assuming everyone else is better than ireland . 
  i am assuming that paying next to zero tax on over $ 74 billion is reason enough to locate your hq in ireland . 
   can you really blame poland for being worried about french and english stances to latest russian actions ? 
  what is the english stance here ? 
  last i recall was cameron wanting stronger sanctions placed on russia , which is far from your allegations . 
  please do correct me . 
  edit : i 'd also add why the `` english '' stance ? 
  are the scottish , welsh and northern irish proposing something markedly different here ? 
  the point is all these nations have a strong workforce , so what can ireland have that sets it apart ? 
  its tax rates have long been that thing ( much the same as the dutch with their own taxes to be honest ) . 
  relevant : [ / r/floridaman ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/floridaman ), 
  surely churchill . 
  did n't he win the greatest briton vote the bbc did ? 
  i 'm not saying that illegal migrants are entitled to come to europe illegally . 
  i 'm saying i understand why they risk so much to come to europe as oppose to staying in north africa where they set sail from , or from wherever their original homelands are . 
   if so going full hazmat seems a bit much . 
  considering the lethality of ebola , always go full hazmat . 
  sure , but i 'll take my chances in southern italy rather than libya . 
   we could be exterminated by an invasion of ant people , but the american news headlines would talk about michelle 's new hair style or how totally not cool/cool it is to buy the new rifles . 
  in fairness , should ant people take over the baltic then i 'm going to be seeking out the best rifle advice i can lay my hands on . 
   but there are neither the funds , nor the will for the eu to build their own army or subsidize existing ones . 
  there most certainly is the funds . 
  the will is not there ( for many reasons ) , hence those funds are spent elsewhere . 
  i completely agree . 
  my point is more that the eu should be held in the same regard as any organisation across the planet that provides funding . 
  it is no different to a national government providing funding , or a grant given by a private sector institution , charity or any other organisation . 
  it exists to develop europe undoubtedly . 
  but it also exists to let us know it is the eu and not someone else that is developing europe . 
  its the governmental equivalent of csr . 
   it makes eu look like it wanted not to develop europe , but to promote itself with lowest possible costs . 
  it astounds me that people still find this surprising . 
  probably about as much chance as there ever is : s, 
  english politics have shifted closer to the right , as evidenced by blair 's new labour , who continued a lot of thatcher 's policies rather than swinging back left . 
  add to that the shadow cast over labour as a result of tony blair , the financial crisis ( they were in from 1997 , so its pretty easy to blame them for the uk 's role in it ) . 
  then again , cameron is the first pm since the blair/brown new labour combination , and the tories did n't manage a majority . 
  so whilst england appears quite right at the moment , maybe if labour got their act together all that would change . 
  sort of . 
  the idea has been simply to allow only english mps to vote on english only laws ( evel ) in westminster . 
  the things they vote on will also be devolved to scotland , wales and northern ireland in their respective devolved institutions . 
  there 's a whole bunch of consequences and problems arising not only from devolution , but from this method . 
  in my opinion its the correct decision to equally devolve powers , thereby avoid democratic deficits and create a democratic equality . 
  its also therefore worth spending time on the issue , rather than rushing through powers to scotland and consequently facing a whole bunch of constitutional crises in years to come . 
  cameron wants to give them before january and labour desperately do not want that . 
  this is because the powers cameron would give away include banning scottish mps from voting on ` english matters ' ( the beginning of english devolution ) . 
  the consequence of this is a conservative dominated england and weakened labour party . 
  north sea oil ( ours and norways ) and the middle east is the majority of ours . 
   it 's not an easy question to address but it 's definitely a necessary one and one where the answer is obvious . 
  again to play devil 's advocate , but its sadly not that simple . 
  we do need to be united , in theory at least . 
  nobody is invading germany anytime soon .
