  i never accused eastern countries of relying on western ones , that 's your own interpretation . 
  i asked you if you think eastern ones should be held accountable for not spending more , given they are the ones you think are under direct threat ( fyi , my opinion is they should all try and meet requirements , however their mere presence in the eu/nato will keep them secure ) . 
  one fair comeback is that a lot of west european countries are also not meeting the requirement . 
  however , these countries , as you 've pointed out , are n't likely to be threatened anyway . 
  so asking whether you blame east european countries for relying on the eu/nato still stands . 
  do you ? 
   i 'd support sanctions and a weaning off of russian oil to be honest i think everyone supports that , by and large . 
  to the extent it destabilises russia , it should be done carefully . 
  that 's bad for everyone . 
  the reason we are n't less reliant is because of how much more efficient fossil fuels are . 
  we can not become fully renewable overnight . 
  nor are many renewables as efficient as the pipelines we have from russia . 
   the idea that being an eu or nato member state being `` enough '' and the consignment of russian imperialism to the dustbin of history is so naive that it is laughable but expected from a someone who lives on a nation that 's comfortably at europe 's periphery . 
  if that 's your opinion then surely you 'd also blame the eastern states for going along with the eu and nato . 
  those almost entirely fail to meet defence spending requirements for nato for example . 
  if the eu and nato are both worthless , why are these nations relying so heavily on them ? 
   if russia sees an opportunity with which it can force the us to renege on its security commitments it will almost certainly do so . 
  what is your belief vis-a-vis russia ? 
  do you see them as wanting to fully rebuild the ussr , including the eu states ? 
  if so , this would be the moment for them to prove you are correct . 
  europe is in a financial crisis , european defences are almost wholly reliant on the usa and the usa is massively war weary from iraq and afghanistan ( not to mention its own financial problems ) . 
   sticking our heads in the sand and pointing to the budapest memorandum i do n't think many , if any , politicians did point to this . 
  the eu and nato are so far from a memorandum that none of us remembered until a few months back . 
  they are practically incomparable . 
  add to that the closeness of relations between all eu nations vs. those with ukraine or the economic interdependency ( again vs. that with ukraine ) . 
  it must also be considered how unreasonable the expectations of east european states are though . 
  its perfectly understandable why they fear russia given their history with it . 
  then again , that is just history now . 
  they are in the eu and in nato . 
  that is enough to guarantee them security . 
  harsher sanctions would hurt the european economy too , something we desperately do not need . 
  italy especially so given its precarious economic position . 
  separately though , whilst further sanctions would demonstrate opposition to russia , destabilising russia is in nobody 's interests . 
  the question becomes whether an undemocratic but stable russia is superior to an unstable russia ( which is likely also undemocratic , possibly more so ) . 
  in my view the stable russia is better . 
  that also coincides with not hurting our own economy , which is definitely a positive . 
   something about if you owe the bank a hundred dollars you have a problem , if you owe the bank a hundred million dollars they have a problem . 
  we 'd do well not to sell others the rope they 'll hang us with . 
  this kind of phrasing is frustratingly simplistic . 
  banks are not bailed out because bankers have friends in politics . 
  banks are bailed out because they sit at the centre of our economies ( loaning money to small and large businesses alike , dealing in mortgages etc. ) . 
  the rope quote is also pleasantly hyperbolic . 
   if the european union is the sum of its member states how does it follow that the presidency should be all about national interests ? 
  the presidency should formulate a policy that comes out to be the sum of its member states then . 
  that 's absolutely correct and that 's exactly what 's happening . 
  the member states are voicing their own ideas and eventually the eu will reach its consensus . 
  this article simply demonstrates that process . 
   if policy priorities switch every six months there is a pretty clear line in what eu policy has been with this . 
  it is opposed to russia 's actions and believes in sanctions . 
  however , those sanctions can not be too severe or else it will hurt some of the member states . 
  that is the equilibrium the eu always has to strive to achieve , hence the criticisms of it not being strong on the world stage ( too much diversity within its interests ) . 
  that 's where the usa is stronger than europe , because the usa always comes first ( whereas renzi , merkel , hollande , cameron etc. 
  will always put italy , germany , france , uk etc. 
  first ) . 
  that does n't mean the union should be scrapped , far from it . 
  it does however mean unity , i.e. 
  a european state or single european opinion , is a very hard and drawn out prospect . 
   it indeed is , if it 's done at the expense of others the problem is someone has to lose . 
  no sanctions are a worry to those nations feeling threatened by russia . 
  stronger sanctions cause a problem to those with the strongest trade links with russia ( in this instance italy and germany ) . 
  tl ; dr its always at someone else 's expense . 
  considering that the european union is the sum of its member states , it is the place to push your national interest . 
  the problem is that when these interests are n't all naturally aligned , the eu loses momentum and weight . 
  english is the world 's most widely spoken language ( yes there are more chinese speakers , but they 're all in china ) and people want to go where they can communicate . 
  hence us , uk , canada . 
  this is exactly what to expect and its not unusual . 
  to legitimise the spitzenkandidat , the ep needs to fully support the winning party 's candidate ( i.e. 
  the epp and juncker ) . 
  juncker has the most votes , but no clear majority . 
  it is to be expected that juncker ( or schulz had he won the most votes ) would concede some big commission positions to the losing party , in this case the socialists . 
  its not dissimilar to any coalition government in that respect . 
  david cameron had and has no clear majority in the commons . 
  he needed lib dem support to achieve his majority , hence he conceded some senior cabinet positions in forming the coalition ( e.g. 
  clegg as dpm ) . 
   i feel that federalization is imminent the uk question in my opinion is making federalisation seem more straight forward than it is . 
  in the media it has created an image that puts the uk up against 27 other member states , thereby making those 27 look entirely united . 
  assume the uk leaves and fast forward to the time it has gone . 
  there 's still big issues over federalisation . 
  to take some of the simpler ones , the hungarian government is n't keen generally , several nations are not in the eurozone , other nations have other opt-outs , there is no unified military ( not even close ) or close to unified foreign policy , the question of a president of europe ( and the subsequent relegating in power of all current member state heads ) or how all this transfers onto other supranational organisations ( e.g. 
  all eu nations cease to be un members and the one eu joins ? ) . 
  of course some of those are easier to solve than others . 
  that 's just a general overview too , and does n't account for some of the more complex things like financial transfers in a federal europe . 
  the usoe would be a markedly different economy to the current eu . 
  that just makes it more confusing . 
  it beggars belief that ireland can be europe 's 5th most expensive , whilst also being one of the foremost crisis countries . 
  the economy of the pigs nations , but the costs of the wealthiest . 
  nice work ireland . 
  to be fair , the eu should cede the right of fucking over the british people back to the uk government . 
  london is undoubtedly better at it than brussels could ever hope to be . 
  perhaps that reform will shut ukip and the tory backbenchers up . 
   norway becomes the worlds leading superpower given the rest of the post it seems you norwegians are going to have a lot on your hands . 
  good luck !, 
   well , maybe its you who is totally incompetent and takes money for the opinion against this rule !, 
  ( no personal attack , of course ) honestly i wish i got paid to have opinions . 
  edit : on a serious note though , its a bit rich to presume that someone disagreeing with you must be paid to do so . 
   try to also see the other side . 
  people who 's life is practically destroyed , who will never again have the chance of a job or friends , because of one publication that implicates that they may have done or belonged to x or y in the past . 
  i get the other side of it . 
  the law makes sense in principle , its the lack of foresight as to potential misuses that i 'm questioning . 
   and , to attack people with opposing opinions personally , `` their motives '' ( implying corruption etc ) and `` their competence '' is not really helpful .
