  ] ( http://www.isn.ethz.ch/digital-library/publications/detail/?id=97568 ) it is a membership organisation , therefore its progression is driven by its members . 
  that 's not albania 's fault of course , it is simply that membership organisations are by definition biased against non-members . 
   surely popularity is irrelevant when it comes to assessing the danger of a drug you 're absolutely right , but popularity is n't the reason why its being made illegal . 
  popularity is the reason why it has been brought to the attention of legislators . 
  once it had been brought to their attention , the dangers of it are what caused it to be made illegal . 
   either the drug is dangerous and it should be controlled even if noone is using it , or it is not dangerous and should n't be controlled no matter how many people use it . 
  again you 're 100 % correct . 
  the problem is governments and civil services are slow and inefficient at the best of times . 
  because they have so much to deal with , they only get round to doing things once they reach a certain importance , which in this case has been the growing popularity of khat . 
  well you might be pleased to know that paul the octopus died [ in 2010 . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/football/2010/oct/26/paul-octopus-dead-psychic-world ) afaik there have n't been any psychic animals coming forward for the 2014 wc , but do n't hold your breath . 
  khat is illegal in other countries already , such as the usa . 
  it has n't been made illegal in the uk because until recently it has barely existed in the uk . 
  legislators are now dealing with it because its popularity is growing . 
  it being made a class c drug is a response to its growing popularity , not because of some sort of victimisation of non-brits . 
  sorry , i explained that poorly . 
  tried editing it . 
  the point being the eu should n't want to do anything that might unsettle the irish , such as creating a situation whereby scotland is in schengen , but therefore has to close its borders to ni ( much like the uk 's borders are closed to the schengen area ) . 
  add the eu itself to that list . 
  its not in their interest to say scotland , catalonia and any other would-be secessionist movement can remain in the eu immediately or be given major advantages when renegotiating . 
  doing so would be a big boost to any secessionists currently within the eu , and hence be a really easy way to really piss off the central government in madrid or london . 
  i think scotland would end up in the same schengen agreement as the uk and ireland currently are . 
  although the eu would like scotland in schengen in principal , it may bring up complexities such as scotland having to close its borders with northern ireland , in the same way the uk 's borders are closed to schengen . 
  i do n't believe that is a good idea for the eu to be responsible for , hence i would expect they allow scotland to join the uk/ireland agreement . 
  we support csdp , everything to do with deepening the internal market and usually support every accession member ( to get them into the internal market ) . 
  our media are unduly critical of europe , but to be honest after being outside the uk long enough i have seen the media of other member states being unduly critical of us . 
  there are very few things us and us alone are against . 
  our current policy is eurosceptic , but its barely a step further than the current dutch view of [ europe where necessary , national where possible . 
  ] ( http://www.government.nl/news/2013/06/21/european-where-necessary-national-where-possible.html ), 
   we do n't need to cover against the ` what if ' factor of a large scale war , because there will not be a large scale war without the use of wmd 's , which makes large armies obsolete anyway . 
  most armies have depleted in size over the past few years ( since the cold war ended at least ) . 
  but i still strongly side with the chiefs of staff of pretty much every country if they believe an armed forces must be of a certain size . 
  this includes technicians , intelligence staff , everyone . 
  so not just soldiers . 
   it begs the question why we 're fighting multiple wars simultaneously even if only interventions and rebuilding , there 's still many different places that can be done . 
  if we want the eu to be an elite level player , the military to back it up is an absolute necessity . 
  [ here 's a map of countries with an internal ongoing conflict . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d9/ongoing_conflicts_around_the_world.svg ) obviously intervention in all of those ( e.g. 
  russia ) is never expected . 
  but add to that ongoing peacekeeping missions e.g. 
  kosovo , and there 's a lot of places a world-leading country such as the eu would be ** expected ** to take a leading role in . 
  efta needs to be evaluated properly , which wo n't come until after the general election or until a referendum is made official . 
  a lot is also hanging on what happens generally between now and then . 
  the conservatives wo n't give up an a la carte idea because there 's nothing to lose . 
  on the commonwealth , i do n't think its being seriously considered other than to stoke patriotism . 
  the idea we do n't need europe because we have this glorious history and colonial network ( i realise the difficulty in that statement ; therein lies the difficult in the commonwealth argument ) appeals to some as a rekindling of splendid isolation . 
  i think a la carte deserves investigating more . 
  the problem with it rests in that it accepts federal europe wo n't happen , which is the antithesis to anyone inside the commission and any federalist outside it . 
  its not far from happening as it is , what with further integration inside the eurozone . 
  the outcome there is to drag non-eurozone members in kicking and screaming . 
  or those members will leave . 
  i understand the downsides of efta . 
  its a shitty deal re financing without influence . 
  its fine because norway and switzerland are rich as hell , britain on the other hand is not . 
  that being said , a lot of the areas efta does not partake in are where a lot of britain 's criticisms of the eu resonate mostly with its population : * common agriculture and fisheries policies ( although the agreement contains provisions on various aspects of trade in agricultural and fish products ) ; * customs union ; * common trade policy ; * common foreign and security policy ; * justice and home affairs ( even though the efta countries are part of the schengen area ) ; * monetary union ( emu ) . 
  regardless of how bad the reality of romania , bulgaria and schengen will be , people perceive it will be terrible . 
  at least until they are shown otherwise , very little is going to happen . 
  anything that does happen will be overblown as well , so its not going to be easy . 
  that 's why i think its better if the uk can secede into an efta type agreement with the full trading benefits of the eu ( which is good for both parties as evident in ftas ) and let the rest of the eu get on with integrating ( though i 'm also certain if we left another nation would take our place ) . 
   why even bother having that many people in your military if you 're not going to use them ? 
  for security and defensive purposes , to cover against the ` what if ' factor of a large scale war , and in case we have multiple wars to fight simultaneously ( such as multiple interventions like you mention ) . 
  in situations where our nearest neighbour and potential enemy has a large and ambitious armed forces , so too must we sadly . 
  that 's why the baltic nations have expressed worry about russia 's growing threat on their border , despite us all knowing the real chance of a russian war is minimal . 
  its the same principal as nuclear deterrents . 
  we do n't plan on using them , but retain and fund them because of the safety their threat brings , whether through the mad doctrine or otherwise . 
  britain is usually pro-everyone accession . 
  our goal is to make the internal market as big as possible . 
  our ideal eu is not much more than that . 
   this does n't mean that we are the only country against this . 
  just the first one that has decided it . 
  welcome to everyday of being british in the eu . 
  only nation to be against something ? 
  nope . 
  first and or biggest nation to be against something and therefore the country taking the lion 's share ( in some cases all ) the criticism . 
  yes . 
  after the controversy we have been through and are going through with romania and bulgaria , i do n't expect the eu to expand anytime soon . 
  not unless the country coming in is of a ` western ' ilk ( norway/iceland etc. ), 
  or is a net contributor . 
  i see what you mean . 
  i 'd love this type of deal , but its clearly aimed at people who travel through the eu a lot . 
  i 'd expect businesses to take them up on it rather than individuals . 
  it does , but some nations are much more pacifistic than others . 
  germany is known for pacifism now , precisely because it was n't in the past . 
  france and britain , as p5 members and former colonial powers should be more militarily active and should be expected to show leadership on a global scale . 
  they do . 
  the eu would be expected to be just as active if it were a united force with no member state armies . 
  that 's where there has been frankly embarrassing situations such as the libya fiasco and the ` hour of europe ' in the former yugoslavia . 
  no i do n't think the eu and us would allow that . 
  my point throughout this thread has n't been that . 
  it has been that the majority of the eu is n't meeting the target set by nato , but still criticises the us for its military presence in europe . 
  the eu and us would n't allow it , but that does n't mean the free-riding done by the majority of the eu in nato is ok . that 's free-riding is also what leaves us with articles like this being written regularly whenever there 's talk of the us moving troops out of europe . 
  i get what you are trying to say , but it seems a little contradictory :  it 's a kind of thing that they should be very worried about in a decade or two . 
   you can not just massively build everything up for a few years and be ready . 
  i do n't think nations should be going all out on defence , there 's no need for an arms race . 
  but its still strange when the continent cuts its defence spending significantly , then claims it feels threatened . 
   why should we invest in a defensive budget if we 'd get trampled with out without it ? 
  why should nations with the capability to help you do so if you are n't willing to have a defence budget of your own ? 
  i agree there 's very little you could do alone . 
  an alliance such as nato is therefore a necessity . 
  nato asks for 2 % gdp to be invested in defence .
