  a common army means the uk general has the ability to send the polish battalion to war , without question from poland , its mps or its people . 
  i do n't doubt it could happen eventually , but its imo decades away . 
   and most likely eu army will be enclosed in an existing spendings with some personnel being redirected to the eu army instead of sitting in an existing structures and with the existence of spearhead , what 's the point in having more , but this time branded as eu ? 
  note that this is only a select few countries acting voluntarily as well . 
  barely anybody sticks to the 2 % anyway , so that 's failed before its even started . 
  pooling it does n't work because defence spending is massively disproportionate . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union#expenditure_and_personnel ) gives an idea of spending levels across the eu , including the percentage of gdp . 
   they would still contribute , if not with money directly than with troops , hardware and possibly infrastructure . 
  that would mean the wealthier countries would be funding the development of poorer militaries to their level . 
  it also raises questions of leadership . 
  would a british general have say over battalions of polish troops ? 
   it 'd either be from eu budget or defence spendings of individual countries . 
  call it `` eu budget '' , call it `` member state defence spending '' , either way it means a considerable increase in the defence budgets either of poorer nations ( would they prefer to invest elsewhere ? ), 
  and richer ones ( wo n't want to invest in other nations defences ) . 
   eu army would n't be an expeditionary force to invade other countries . 
  it would absolutely need those capabilities , or else its a sitting duck waiting to be attacked . 
  if the eu is to grow into a serious world power , it needs power projection and the ability to invade , even if only to intervene in civil wars etc. 
  defence deals need the approval of government to make sure the deal does n't negatively affect national interest . 
   yes , this view is reprehensible that 's precisely my point . 
  i do not think it matches the outward portrayal of the moral high ground via neutrality . 
  no doubt these same officials will argue their nation is the bastion of modernity by choosing to not be involved in conflict . 
  no doubt they offer their services in helping mediate a peaceful solution . 
  and if that fails maybe they 'll pull the diplomats to one side and offer some more military equipment for the right price . 
  my apologies , but i do n't understand the point you 're trying to make . 
  i see the benefit to switzerland , but in dealing with a conflict , one 's decisions should carry at least some benefit to the conflict 's participants . 
  selling to both sides prolongs and escalates the war merely for your own financial gain . 
   keeping all the redundant departments and projects that exist in every separate nations armed forces duality is economically and bureaucratically inefficient . 
  a united army at this stage or at any stage before the distant future would be tremendously inefficient in response , as well as contentious . 
  most of that is because any given scenario might be supported by some nations but opposed by others . 
  duality safeguards against such circumstances , and no way can europe handle losing that anytime soon . 
  bureaucratic inefficiency is far better than operational inefficiency . 
  not to mention the myriad of other problems a united army poses , which highlight why we are n't close to being ready . 
  procurement ( whose defence industry gets shitcanned ? 
  ) , leadership ( do we quota leaders to ensure diversity ? 
  ) , operational language , decision making structure , administrative hq ( brussels ? 
  elsewhere ? 
  ) , salary . 
  no doubt it has , but that does n't absolve the actions of other nations . 
  i 'm not saying switzerland is refusing to sell to ukraine or demanding a higher price . 
  afaik they sold to russia because russia expressed an interest , and that 's all . 
  my argument is the very fact of selling breaches neutrality , and selling to both ( although preserving neutrality ) carries no positive effects . 
  which makes them an arms dealer that sells purely for self gain and despite knowledge that it will only negatively affect the conflict . 
  what good comes from selling military equipment to both sides in a conflict ? 
  people supporting a immigration controls also advocate a managed market though , for instance an australian points system . 
   employers would be encouraged to find other solutions ( e.g. 
  robots ) employers are already encouraged to do this . 
  globalisation and the shift of low skilled jobs to asia is an example . 
  automation is happening regardless . 
   in the end people would be able to buy less with each hour of work they produce . 
  that is debatable . 
  if base salaries increase then this mitigates the rising production costs that resulted from increased base salaries . 
  in the uk example there 's also other significant factors to account for . 
  immigration controls would likely lead to a drop in house prices due to a reduction in demand for housing . 
  that 's a considerable benefit to many as ownership as been decreasing since 2001 and will continue to do so . 
  * neutrality : the state of not supporting or helping either side in a conflict ( top result from googling ` define neutrality ' ) . 
  based on that , switzerland is not being neutral . 
  however , it could be argued that if switzerland sold or offered to sell the same equipment to ukraine at the same price they would be being neutral , as their support for both sides would be equal . 
  studies into the sale of equipment to both sides shows ( unsurprisingly ) that this prolongs and helps escalate a conflict . 
  at best , switzerland is not being neutral and is actively aiding russia . 
  its persistent claims to neutrality means it offers no justification for this , other than profit . 
  the west offers justification of preserving ukrainian sovereignty . 
  even russia offers justification of its role ( despite not accepting that russians are active in ukraine ) , aiding the right to self-determination of east ukraine . 
  at worst , switzerland assumes a position of neutrality by offering to sell to both sides , knowing full well this brings negative consequences to all parties involved ( with the exception of switzerland , which profits financially ) . 
  that 's because they are in their teens now . 
  ten years ago it was 90s kids that were inconsiderate pricks . 
  in ten years it will be the 2010s kids that care about nothing but themselves . 
  the bridge has already been announced and back in september the contract for construction was awarded . 
  i have no idea when construction is due to begin and when it could be open . 
  thought they were neutral ? 
  it might serve as a motivator for troops fighting if they know they can attend religious services . 
  its not dissimilar to staling permitting religious beliefs in the soviet union just after operation barbarossa was launched , and that certainly had a positive effect on the population back then . 
  the big changes seem to come around 2002/2003 , though suicides come down from 2000 onwards . 
  the russian economy had been growing pretty well since the [ financial crisis in 1998 ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/06/russian_economy_since_fall_of_soviet_union.png ) , which perhaps offers a possible explanation . 
  a good economy means less alcoholism and crime . 
  the british look old for their age whilst the french look young for their 's ? 
  that 's true , but people favouring stronger immigration controls would say it could be better . 
  their argument states that a closed labour market leads to higher base wages because employers need to fill positions . 
  amongst other things , that would also reduce inequality . 
  so the `` best time in history '' would actually be even better . 
  there are of course many pros and cons to a closed labour system . 
  this is one of the pros . 
   yes you can but you should n't . 
  the method by which we 've been conducting invasion and regime change should be altered ( i agree with you that our recent methods have n't been successful ) , but we should aim to help nations embroiled in civil wars . 
   the west did n't fuck up libya nearly as much as libya ( and other assorted desert adventures ) fucked up the west . 
  you can trace countless social and economic issues we had in the past few decades back to afghanistan , iraq or libya . 
  i 'd rather have our social-economic issues to their civil war and isis issues . 
  its fair to say we 've fucked them up more . 
  we tried that in libya and unfortunately needed us assistance . 
  granted though , given forewarning of us withdrawal , the uk and france would invest in the gaps provided by the us through nato , such as mid-air refuelling . 
   getting france and germany ( or even the two more aggressive european powers , uk and france ) to agree on this will be very difficult . 
  it will be damn near impossible . 
  at least one of our defence industries would be gutted as a result . 
  the uk defence industry generates [ # 22.1 billion for the economy ] ( https://www.adsgroup.org.uk/pages/48690432.asp ) . 
  its exceptionally difficult to make an argument whereby the uk benefits from sabotaging those numbers ( and the consequences that come with it , e.g. 
  unemployment ) . 
  and that 's purely economical and entirely irrespective of political or cultural arguments . 
  and that 's how you get all your employees to be 100 % pro-eu !, 
  it is pretty ironic that the country that seems to desire a strongman leader the most should be the one with the most women leaders . 
  certainly in the uk there is a considerable age gap in relation to support for the eu . 
  i 've included the table below , and [ this ] ( http://www.socialeurope.eu/2013/01/new-poll-young-brits-want-to-stay-in-the-eu/ ) is the source .
