  i sincerely hope the greens , with 100 % of the vote and only one vote cast . 
  are n't all parties the party for elderly people ? 
  they make up the largest demographic of practically every western country . 
  do you think he 'd really be willing to tear apart schengen and with it most of the eu though ? 
  making a strong franco-german partnership is one thing , but at the expense of 26 other member states is quite another . 
  thank you . 
  i had no idea that happened . 
  though i confess to not knowing who gd chang is . 
  margaret chan is also british ( via hk ) , but one assumes that should n't make a difference at that level of diplomacy . 
  its much better when people support their arguments . 
  i do n't mean for that to sounds patronising , but you would n't believe the amount of `` the uk needs to stop ruining europe '' type shit that comes through this subreddit . 
  it is overwhelmingly garbage as well . 
   it 's not a circlejerk that the uk likes to set itself apart from the rest of the eu . 
  the uk has always set itself apart from europe . 
  although there 's centuries of examples , the ultimate reason is likely the uk is a powerful island . 
  that statement still needs nuancing in my eyes though . 
  france is very independent in military terms on a foreign policy level . 
  check their self-exile from nato as an example , something they 've only recently come to terms with . 
  german pacifism is another case in point , libya being the ultimate example . 
  but again , these are both military oriented . 
   foreign policy is a bit more than ukraine/russia . 
  of course there is . 
  i was showing one example . 
  in response i see no examples of where the uk is ruining unitary eu foreign policy by discussing things with the usa . 
  and of course nato is n't relevant at the who , wto and similar organisations . 
  but again , where ? 
  are the uk and usa scuppering eu foreign policy in terms of health aid or trade and development ( as parts of the who and wto ) ? 
   i do n't get why you act so defensive as if i attacked you . 
  i do n't care what the comment is . 
  i simply think its quite unlikely that the eu is operating as a singular entity in these many foreign policy areas with the exception of the uk and seemingly counter to what the usa wants . 
  forgive me , but it reads like the cliche of the uk alone ruining europe posts . 
  they are incredibly frequent in / r/europe , check this thread alone . 
  and in almost every case they are massively generalised or twist many truths . 
  the vast majority of eu members are in nato . 
  unless you see the republic of ireland as being one driver of eu foreign policy , your first point is largely moot . 
  what eu foreign policy are you referring to in which eu nations all align , seemingly with the exception of the uk ? 
  the biggest story at present is russia/ukraine . 
  there the usa is absolutely central to european ideas . 
  to pose a separate question , given your indication that the eu is coordinating a common foreign policy that avoids the usa , why is n't csdp growing in important and nato shrinking ? 
  what makes you think it would not ? 
  the uk maintains exceptionally close relations with all of those countries . 
  economic and foreign policy relations with france are especially strong . 
   most european diplomats i 've talked to in geneva are super annoyed by the british constantly hanging on the us teat most diplomats i 've talked to are aware information ends up at nato , in which the usa is first among equals . 
  are you suggesting the eu countries plan their foreign policy together and actively avoid discussing any of this at nato in case the usa finds out ? 
   this is a direct attempt to exclude british ( and thus by extension american ) influence from european politics . 
  no , its not . 
  this is an attempt to increase sarkozy 's popularity . 
  he 's well aware germany and france are n't going to suspend schengen to facilitate creating their own . 
  for the sake of debate though , if this were to happen it would almost certainly end up being weu version two . 
  a northern/western bloc of fr , ger , benelux , uk and some of scandinavia would be the emerging group . 
   have to apply every law the eu decides on except those concerning fishery and agriculture . 
  no they do n't . 
  they are in the eea and efta , not the eu . 
  [ the eea agreement ] ( http://www.efta.int/eea/eea-agreement ) does not cover the following eu policies : * common agriculture and fisheries policies ( although the agreement contains provisions on various aspects of trade in agricultural and fish products ) ; * customs union ; * common trade policy ; * common foreign and security policy ; * justice and home affairs ( even though the efta countries are part of the schengen area ) ; or * monetary union ( emu ) . 
  edit : i also believe their membership fees are smaller , but will stand corrected . 
  and i believe / u/studentofmrkleks may have been referring to the previous statement that quitting the eu will `` destroy '' britain , which is plainly will not . 
  the uk is better off in the eu , but saying an exit would `` destroy your country '' is a massive overstatement . 
  the city has grown stronger and stronger despite repeated claims the uk needs to integrate further into europe ( one key example being the uk not joining the euro and how people said this means frankfurt will become europe 's major financial centre as a result ) . 
  despite the financial crisis , london 's financial centre continues to grow . 
  and not being in the eurozone is the key reason behind britain recovering much quicker than the eu . 
  i agree with your link stating britain should be in the eu to help influence eu regulation ( which will affect it one way or another ) . 
  but examples of that , such as ftt , are britain vociferously arguing against legislation and that legislation still going ahead ( and it is plainly clear the uk will be the hardest hit by ftt ) . 
   leaving the eu will destroy your country . 
  in the short term and the long term . 
  how and why will it destroy our country ? 
  i 'm in favour of remaining in the eu , but what you predict is completely wrong nevertheless . 
  the largest category is those who just look at the pictures in the daily mail . 
   the uk always stand more to loose than the us through even a breach in ties there you have the benefits of this relationship to the uk . 
  there are clear and undeniable benefits . 
  does the usa benefit more ? 
  i personally think that 's an impossible calculation . 
  but , based on your own evidence : the uk invests less into this relationship , yet also stands to lose considerably more . 
   i argue us to consider this fact and be more wary of allowing it such privileges . 
  the us invests more in foreign countries than the uk in this respect ( this being the influencing of foreign governments ) . 
  i completely agree . 
  should that be the case ? 
  morally speaking , no it should n't . 
  but we are engaged in similar activities , albeit on a smaller scale . 
  morally speaking , one would argue we too should change . 
  this does n't prove anything with the quality or worthiness of the alliance though . 
   but that it is openly belligerent and competitive , worried about it 's own world dominance so your answer to this is to distance ourselves from the usa , thereby making us much more likely to be on the receiving end of such a policy . 
   do you happen to know of operation gladio ? 
  a nato operation . 
  one involving the us and many european countries ( in the cold war and against communism no less ) . 
  if it was the us alone , there 'd be more of a point here . 
   you forgot '' it is riding on the tail of a tiger . '', 
  thanks for pointing that one out  but it does n't change the fact you have n't presented an argument . 
  there 's no evidence whatsoever behind why you think this is a completely one-sided relationship . 
  i agree the us president answers only to the us people , but then again the uk pm ( or any other democratic leader ) answers only to their people . 
   but let me guess , the uk will make sure to never come into conflict with us interests by and large yes that 's absolutely true . 
  do the two nations see eye to eye on everything ? 
  not at all . 
  but we agree on many if not most things . 
  what would we come into conflict over ? 
  you seemed to have descended into using phrases with no backup at all . 
  any argument presented against you is being completely avoided :  we must not forget the lessons of history . 
   this is selling oneself into serfdom . 
   let 's not glorify in token acts of rebellion . 
   the greatest delusion that can be imaginable . 
   to think the masters riches as ones own .
