  but then , that 's not during merkel et al. 
  's career timeframe , so they can be as pro-federal as they 'd like . 
  i 'd be interested to see how some of the unlikely events play out in light of a federal eu . 
  if we are all one state , does it really matter whether belgium exists or whether its flanders and walloni\u00eb ? 
  does it matter if spain is spain or if its castille , basque , catalonia etc. ? 
  does scotland want to be independent of the uk but a federal component of the eu ? 
  salmond 's view of westminster not caring about scotland would be the same if not worse of brussels ( uk is 60m , europe is 500m ) . 
   `` shove your union jack up your arse '' i presume this is a minority of voters that are anti-britain , at least given the snp argue that exiting the uk means they can still be british . 
  yes . 
  its all technical depending on each nation 's laws . 
  a very basic example : production is taxed in netherlands , sales are taxed in luxembourg , administrative work occurs and is taxed in ireland . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-22549434 ) is a current story in the uk about amazon , which hints at some of this stuff . 
  but we have vastly differing views on these things . 
  denmark and sweden might feel different to arctic politics ( e.g. 
  trade routes over the arctic ) than say , italy and greece , who may benefit from trade coming through suez and into the mediterranean . 
  its the same reason why we do n't have 1 eu seat instead of 27 individual seats ( maybe + an eu one ) at things like the un and wto . 
  even the bonus eu seat is a little controversial , hence the eu only being an observer of the un . 
  how does eu taxation work when you live across the border ? 
  for example living in belgium and working 5 days a week in france . 
  to which government do you pay your taxes ? 
   the two financial centres are exempt from automatic exchange until such time as five non-eu tax havens - andorra , liechtenstein , monaco , san marino and switzerland - agree to it as well . 
  so they opt on until non-eu countries decide to sign up to eu laws ? 
  that 's taking the piss no end . 
  when was the survey ? 
  last i heard was shetland would prefer scotland in uk , but otherwise it preferred to remain in the uk if scotland were to go independent . 
  i do n't doubt you btw , just have n't seen it . 
  the banks bailing out a nation instead of the other way around . 
  its about fucking time !, 
  you 're taking scotland too by the way . 
  they 're nordic now , not celtic anymore . 
   relations with oslo have strengthened greatly , prompting talk of scots joining a ` nordic union ' , while independence appears to have helped reykjavik weather the economic gale . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2011/dec/14/alex-salmond-snp-europe ), 
  regulations surrounding the single market are n't the uk 's problem with the eu ; a deeply integrated single market is anything and everything the uk wants . 
  we would likely have 99 % of those regulations anyway , and some possibly to an extent greater than the eu demands . 
  pro-eu advocates want to make it seem like eu or nothing . 
  the anti-eu people mostly oppose it for things like immigration , so the single market is n't the focus of their agenda . 
  nevertheless , ukip say eu exit will save [ # 120bn per year . 
  ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/772893/ukip-pledges-eu-exit-vote-to-save-120bn ) sadly , that 's the kind of stupidity we are having to deal with . 
  of course there every nation is unique and the uk going it alone and doing great does n't mean for sure everyone else will . 
  but there will be elements of the post-eu british experience that will be cited by eurosceptics wanting out . 
  the pro-eu argument in the uk focuses on the single market and how we 'd be screwed to not be in it . 
  the counter is that those people are being deliberately dramatic . 
  trade would n't go from 50 % ( approx . ), 
  to 0 % overnight . 
  if britain 's experience of being outside the single market is n't barely worse than being in it , then perhaps other countries will see the same for themselves ( again its entirely dependent on each country , but its not a positive precedent for the eu ) . 
  it also depends on what sort of exit the uk has . 
  if it secures any kind of trade agreement ( trade benefits both uk and eu ) , then maybe others can too ( though i 'm sure the eu would be against it for this reason ) . 
  i 'm not stating this as an argument to leave , just outlining possibilities of post-exit life and its consequences . 
  [ here he is with his brother jo , who looks like an evil clone . 
  bo and jo johnson . 
  ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/48430000/jpg/_48430659_-14.jpg ), 
  to be fair , cameron is pro-eu . 
  so any success he has discussing free trade agreements with the eu and us will bolster his position of the uk remaining firmly in the eu . 
   i have always suggested that it would be very beneficial if the uk really left to be able to see if being outside the eu is really positive as much as i do n't want to be the test run for this , you 're absolutely right . 
  if the uk does good outside the eu , then brussels has a big problem to deal with when it comes to disciplining other nations and putting them through bail-ins and tough austerity measures ( or any economic policy that is not in their best interest ) . 
  if the uk soon realises it made a terrible decision , then i foresee integration for the remaining eu members to move along quicker . 
  it would be an unfortunate way for the remaining members to regain confidence in brussels , but that 's what they 'll do . 
   it means a couple more days to study that undermines the student reason to support . 
   the teachers do n't plan to hold an indefinite strike they will hold repeated strikes if unsuccessful though . 
  if the government does n't back down then it can be assumed the rescheduled exams will also be picketed and thus cancelled again . 
  are the teacher 's innocent once more ? 
   you still do n't even explain ( let alone prove ) how the few days of delay are going to hurt students [ it seems like more than a few days delay . 
  ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/greece-invokes-emergency-powers-block-teachers-strike-163445727.html ) teacher 's chose to strike on the most important day of the year . 
  as you say , striking needs to show the importance of the strikers . 
  they are n't doing it for the benefit of the students . 
  their very decision to call it on that day is done to cause disruption . 
  they get the first exam round cancelled ( achieved ) , then rolling strikes the next week cause exams to be delayed by far more than a few days . 
   i do n't get why you think that securing a smooth exam period is more important than pushing the government to change its mind . 
  the exam period is the most important part of the student 's academic year . 
  school-leavers exams even more so . 
  teachers should strike at times that avoid the most important part of the * student 's * year . 
  striking will demonstrate their point at anytime of the year , the uk examples and its consequences proves this . 
  but striking during exams also recklessly and needlessly harms students . 
  the government has shown its willing to deteriorate education and deserves every bit of criticism it gets . 
  teacher 's have also shown they do n't care about the students , at least not this year 's exam takers . 
   the government has effectively forbidden the strike , what 's your response to that ? 
  what is your position ? 
  should teacher 's be allowed to strike ? 
  yes ( thus a government ban on all teacher strikes is wrong ) . 
  should they strike during exams ? 
  i would hope their own professionalism takes care of that , but sadly i overestimated them . 
  let 's say the government do n't back down . 
  exams are rescheduled . 
  then teacher 's again call a strike during exams . 
  exams are rescheduled once more . 
  are the teachers still fully innocent ( we both agree the government are wrong , but that does n't automatically make the teacher 's right ) ? 
   what else could they do ? 
  strike , but not during exams . 
  teacher 's strike in the uk , but they avoid the exam schedule . 
  it demonstrates fully their importance to society because a ) kids are n't in school , b ) parents need to deal with that by finding carers , c ) some parents are forced to stay off work to be at home with their kids . 
   this is quote sniping the greek teachers are doing the exact same thing as the danish teachers ( both choose to strike during exams ) . 
  thus the same conclusion can be made about their ethos . 
   if you do not allow for the teachers to protest the cuts again , strike , just not during exams . 
   strike needs to show that one 's work is needed by the society . 
  of course it does . 
  but that can be achieved with a strike at any point . 
  doing so at this point demonstrates it undoubtedly , but it also implicates students to an avoidable and unnecessary level . 
  the teachers are making their point , but also demonstrating a pretty deplorable ethos . 
   do you believe that it 's acceptable to bend the law to stop people from striking , even if you do n't like the details of their strike ?
