  the very basic notion of being able to print $ 100 billion ( or any amount of money ) and it not affecting the rate of inflation is simply incorrect . 
  america will fly some planes overhead . 
  if my history 's on the ball germany will send a big fucking army right through poland for your protection !, 
  a much bigger commitment . 
  give it a couple of months for ukraine to die down . 
  we 'll be back to `` eu can protect itself america world police '' soon enough do n't you worry . 
  fuck sake , allow me to be more specific . 
  why do n't the member states give the ecb the authority to print 100 billion euros one time . 
  not a permanent transfer , just a single one . 
  that would be allowed and , given people seem to think printing 100 billion would a ) not cause rampant inflation , b ) actually help hit the inflation target and c ) give the eurozone 100 billion to spend , then they would 've done it already . 
  it would be the easiest policy decision ever made . 
  still . 
  if the ecb could print 100 billion euros and it not cause a massive crisis , then why do n't the member states give them the authority to ? 
  it would be a no brainer once again . 
  100 billion euros divided by the number of eurozone member states , plus inflation hits the target finally . 
  or give them the authority and spend the money wisely on something . 
  who cares what . 
  chuck some into the esa , put some into regional policy , some into ukraine , some into development aid . 
  again , if it were this easy , they definitely would 've done it . 
   the british way is to dither and bumble along ... it gets frustrating until you realize somehow they muddle through  the british would 've made communism work . 
  it would 've been shit , we 'd all have hated it and complained like no other , but we would 've done it . 
  somehow . 
   well it is all or nothing for clegg rumour abound that cleggy wants a nice cushy job in the eu once his front line political days are over . 
  in some ways this debate makes him the face of the fight against euroscepticism . 
  at least the real fight anyway , not just labelling them `` loonies and closet racists . '', 
  out of curiosity then , why have n't they done that ? 
  print out a shitload of euros , pay off a bunch of debt or invest in something amazing , and get the inflation target where it should be . 
  win-win . 
  surely i 'm missing something because the ecb would 've been all over that . 
   the eu did pretty well in this crisis from when are you starting the crisis ? 
  ashton did good when she was going over there . 
  she seemed to broker things . 
  once people started dying in maidan i do n't know if the eu actually said anything . 
   it does n't give them any more justification to invade ukraine to anyone other then themselves . 
  i completely agree . 
  as i said , this is a paraphrasing of what was coming out of moscow as justification . 
  incidentally , much of what moscow says is n't meant for us . 
  its meant to justify action to the russian people either in russia or in pro-russia part of ukraine and wherever else . 
  their fear , or so they have said , is that they would . 
  the argument being an eu facing ukraine would not want a russian naval base anymore . 
  add to that the anti-russian tone of this new ukraine ( again , believe what you will , i 'm paraphrasing what 's coming out of moscow ) and you can see why they 're concerned about the future of the port . 
  moscow-on-the-thames , also sometimes called londongrad . 
  if it could , it would . 
  but its a massive long-term project that needs funding in addition to current gas imports . 
  the european economy is enough to stop that at the moment . 
  then there 's other interests that would need addressing . 
  i read that bp ( who the british state pension is largely invested in ) owns a 20 % share of rosneft , a russian state oil company . 
  europe quitting russian energy is bad for rosneft , and therefore bad for the british economy . 
  obviously this investment can be altered ( provided an equivalent or superior one is found ) , but if such an opportunity existed , i expect bp / the uk government would 've done it . 
  that 's a uk example . 
  i dare say that other major governments have interests in russia too . 
  why ? 
  it 's just basic information . 
  want champagne ? 
  buy it . 
  want something cheaper ? 
  get that instead . 
  same product , different name . 
  it basically is a brand . 
  just one that conforms to geographical areas rather than a firm . 
  obviously the manufacturer , e.g. 
  mo\u00ebt , is also a brand . 
  the annoying thing is the usa actually has the exact same thing , it just does n't recognise the european ones : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appellation_d'origine_contr\u00f4l\u00e9e#united_states, 
  not even nearly . 
  i am supporting the trademark champagne being used only for sparkling wines from champagne . 
  my argument is that any other sparkling wine should be allowed into the market , provided it is not called champagne ( as it was not produced in champagne ) . 
  if said sparkling wine is superior to all champagnes ( which it may well be ) , then the customer will buy that sparkling wine . 
  the customer is in no way being fooled . 
  what i object to would be sparkling wines that are not from champagne claiming to be champagne ( which they are not , since the key feature of champagne is that it is produced in that region ) . 
  its a very basic form of trademarking . 
  its something of a tragedy that good american food , cheese or otherwise , is massively under appreciated . 
  some of it is straight up snobbery . 
  some of it is that the most famous us foods are mcdonalds ( ironically hugely popular of course ) or spray can cheese completely steal the thunder of the good stuff . 
  i think what he means is doing ttip in a staggered way . 
  for example , if we agreed on the automobile section of ttip right now , then we should implement that bit right now . 
  then in two weeks if we agreed on the energy part of ttip , then the energy bit should be implemented . 
  that way , if it took 10 years to agree on food/culture , then we do n't waste 10 years worth of lucrative automobile and energy trading . 
  there are however , many good reasons why that does n't happen . 
  they are strategic . 
   would it be useless though i think it would be dangerous . 
  russia wo n't withdraw from crimea as a result of the eu putting troops on the polish border . 
  i doubt it would have any effect at all because we obviously are n't going to use them . 
  second up , assuming we did use them ( again , not going to war over this , but lets assume ) , they are an easy target . 
  sure that kind of mobilisation worked ( and was necessary against iraq and afghanistan , but we also bombed the shit out of them beforehand . 
  that 's impossible with russia . 
   we need more integration in the europe that shares the euro , less integration in the europe of 28 , '' he said , referring to the broader bloc 's member states . 
  that could be very popular in the uk . 
  if sarko could bring eurozone integration that did n't harm the standing of the non-eurozone members he 'd certainly get the british political backing . 
  absolutely !, 
  there 's no reason american sparkling wine is worse than champagne . 
  on the contrary , it could be 10x better ( some proseccos are ) . 
  but people prefer champagne nonetheless . 
  i 'll take a guess at posturing to keep crimea . 
  this looks threatening and gives them a better hand in any upcoming talks . 
  russia clearly does n't need icbms to take crimea . 
   the eastern countries had no dog in the libya fight one could say the same for the west now . 
  in fact , rather than having no issue , taking action against russia in certain ways ( the city/energy/warships ) would actively harm the western nations . 
  on the horn of africa , surely all eu member states have a problem . 
  its harming european trade , be it british french , polish or latvian . 
  there may have been other reasons that alliance turned out the way it did , but i do n't know them .
