  europe relied heavily on us aerial refuelling assets during the libya operation . 
  thanks to those europe was able to fly there and back in one , thereby significantly reducing both cost and risk . 
  but what was your point ? 
  interestingly , where do we fall in that ( china vs. india ) ? 
  is it a case of let both sides wear each other out and try and stay away , or are we ( uk/eu/west ) going to be involved to some extent regardless ? 
  personally i think the problem is we spent 10 years criticising the usa for its ` world police ' thing , then once the usa decides to tone down its military and foreign policy we expected that nothing would change . 
  the usa is now less involved in europe , but because europe never prepared for this ( actually going the other way and demilitarising itself somewhat ) , we 've been caught out . 
  i 'm well aware . 
  the oldest of these is an anglo dutch amphibious corps . 
  but they rarely if ever serve together . 
  its often training and symbolism , which is still decades away from a unified army . 
  yep , our fault . 
  one answer is to push bilateral interoperability then integrate inti the eu . 
  eg benelux armies unite , france and germany unite etc. 
  but that wo n't happen . 
  believe it or not the uk is n't the only thing preventing integration . 
  germany is far more pacifist than france . 
  belgium favours eu cooperation whereas the netherlands favours nato . 
  i disagree strongly . 
  nato minus the usa is basically the eu ( give or take a couple of nations ) . 
  the hour of europe fucked up with bosnia and europe could n't agree on libya ( germany pulled out and withdrew their assets ) . 
  we literally did n't have what was needed and or lacked unanimity . 
  that we ca n't get it together for bosnia and libya suggests to me russia would not go well . 
  libya is an example . 
  as was bosnia in the 90s . 
  it 's not so much logistics , we can plan missions well enough . 
  it 's resources . 
  sometimes they link . 
  i believe in libya it was mid air refuelling capabilities , which britain and france could not do ( do n't have the planes ) but the us can . 
  you seem happy that nato is there , but less keen on us troops being in poland/europe . 
  i 'm asking what you would prefer differently ? 
  nobody pays their diplomatic fines it seems . 
  it 's a complaint of anyone that lives in a city with embassies . 
  this is exactly my point . 
  nato seems to be working . 
  and us troops in europe are part of that . 
  what would you prefer to what currently happens ? 
  according to this they 're still under , but `` close '' to the 2 % figure though . 
  thanks for the info nonetheless . 
  no way . 
  barroso has this covered . 
  then why are n't they there already . 
  forgive me for misinterpreting , but it seems you think moscow might be keen . 
  and i assume moscow would bet on itself vs poland . 
  moscow vs nato however , very different ball game . 
  falklands is an example , but the question needs nuancing , as the falklands showed . 
  how do you feel about an attack against a member state by an equal or superior power ? 
  yanukovych was n't really europe aligned though . 
  that 's about the reason why the protests began , because he chose russia over the eu . 
  furthermore , the difference between crimea and the rest of europe is huge . 
  the size of the russian ethnic population there , the pro russian orientation of the place , and the russian naval base . 
  do n't forget ukraine is not eu and not nato . 
  all these things make crimea different to kiev , let alone the rest of europe . 
  i get that it 's the centenary of wwi so world war is on a lot of peoples minds , but the two are very different . 
   then he 'll be trying to push 'till germania 's border have to say i completely disagree with this . 
  i just see no reason whatsoever why russia would attempt to push to the german border , which also means conquering poland and the baltics as a minimum . 
  are you genuinely expecting ww3 in the coming weeks ? 
  other than iraq what examples do you have of that ? 
  i 'd be interested in reading them . 
  afghan does n't count given the coalition numbered about 50 nations . 
  as something of an opposite argument to the ` master and bitchboy ' stuff , here 's something about gchq being the brains and the nsa the money behind what snowden revealed . 
  [ link . 
  ] ( http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2013/11/18/world/britains-gchq-the-brains-americas-nsa-the-money-behind-spy-alliance/#.uxjzqv0-bg4 ) fwiw i 'm not supporting the spying , just providing something interesting . 
  i think you 're right , we agree on pretty much everything . 
  the whole us lapdog thing seems the consequence of iraq , and i 'd certainly be keen for other examples . 
  one thing i particularly enjoyed was when france wanted into syria and the uk voted against it . 
  kerry made the ` oldest ally ' speech and the british media went hysterical defending how france could do what it wants but it wo n't have ` our special relationship ' . 
  that supports the lap dog scenario , but it was particularly funny as the british media had hitherto been arguing for severing the relationship . 
  snowden and gchq/nsa cooperation showed how strong the alliance has remained despite what 's been in the media as mentioned above . 
  fwiw i support the us in the uk . 
  ignore the anti-american shite . 
  its funny how everyone hates the usa until their country is under threat . 
   russia invading europe with tanks kind of put us into a `` do or die '' situation . 
  not really though . 
  they 're in crimea , a heavily ethnic russian area . 
  maybe they go further into ukraine , we do n't know . 
  but they are n't in the eu and they are n't in a nato nation . 
  that changes a lot . 
  do n't get me wrong , it looks awful if you 're ukrainian and i absolutely get why some former soviet states are worried . 
  but there 's nothing suggesting putin is about to pull some sort of reverse napoleon and make a crusade for paris . 
   in case you 're fucking blind there 's 27 ' 000 russian troopers who are about tho invade us again , not really ( i do n't know whereabouts you personally are ) . 
  they 're in crimea , maybe they go to kiev . 
  i do n't know and neither do you . 
  there 's absolutely nothing suggesting they are about to invade anywhere else . 
   i think we 're nice there by not just puting 100 ' 000 troops in front of said russians . 
  let me get this right . 
  you 're solution to this is to send 100,000 troops from the eu or nato into ukraine ? 
  is n't gerard depardieu technically a russian tourist in france now ? 
   it would probably sucker punch their economy up to like 20-30 % of their gdp . 
  would you want to put putin into a do or die situation ? 
  i get the principle of what you 're saying , but the thought of baiting russia into doing something extreme does n't fill me with joy . 
  according to sipri 2013 [ , here , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures ) that 's complete rubbish . 
  the us , uk , france , greece , estonia and turkey are . 
  poland is not ( 1.9 % ) , though the polish figure is 2012 , so maybe poland increased expenditure in 2013 ? 
  bulgaria is 2.0 % , but there 's is a 2011 figure . 
  so maybe they too are meeting the requirement . 
  i still favour the best reason being yanukovych being tried in the hague might not go to well for russia , assuming moscow has been involved in ukraine any more than we are aware of . 
  i 've tried searching for this before , but with no success . 
  i expect a lot of vetoes are n't official , i.e. 
  mid-negotiation one nation will say `` we will veto this '' thereby causing changes .
