  they do n't need to until the referendum is nearby . 
  much like the ` better together ' campaign in scotland . 
  the snp have campaigned for independence ever since they hit the political scene . 
  the union campaign only started once the referendum was announced . 
  for the same reason , ukip have always campaigned against the eu , but no serious ` in ' campaign is happening yet . 
  decreasing dependency is a good thing for all nations . 
  if canada is overly dependent on the usa , then if something bad happens in the usa , canada will be hit hard . 
  thanks to the eu fta , canada has diversified itself . 
  as an extreme example , look what happened to germany during the great depression . 
  germany was overly reliant on the usa financially , then the us financial market basically collapsed . 
  one of the reasons companies expand overseas is to leverage against a downturn in their domestic market . 
  this exact logic can be applied to the fta . 
  what is your own perspective vis-a-vis the eu ? 
  you have an eu flag , which suggest you support it , but the reasons you 've given are everything the eu should have been changing . 
  and have unemployed youths do the cows jobs instead !, 
  two birds , one stone . 
  wait until you hear switzerland 's new drum n bass inspired national anthem . 
  i think your point exposes the poor quality of the article . 
  the nsa has more technology at its disposal and is therefore able to do thing the stasi/kgb could only dream of . 
  the question is , if the stasi/kgb had the technological capability of the nsa , would they be doing the same . 
  the answer is yes , plus much more . 
  that much more is the prison and labour camps , which the nsa are n't doing . 
  for that reason i find the comparison totally unfair . 
  assuming this article is correct ( and overlooking the obvious problems with ` greater germany ' ) , to what extent is this germany 's fault ( and the netherlands and austria - both of whom are mentioned as well ) , and to what extent is it the ecb 's fault ? 
  i agree , it should be an easy thing to do . 
  yet it alone has been divisive whenever its been suggested . 
  deleting ` ever closer union ' is a symbolic victory , but one that allows member states to actively lobby for de-integration . 
  open europe has already published ( with regards to the uk ) what it sees as the ` top 100 ' most expensive regulations . 
  removing ` ever closer union ' gives the uk and every member state ( each of which may have its own most costly regulations ) the chance to formally lobby for de-integration . 
  it maybe a false dilemma , but its one that could have pretty big repercussions . 
   if the eu ever becomes a federation , it will become a fight between state-federal government constitutional rights you 're correct , but the problem is that this indicates the eu must become a federation before any power whatsoever can be handed back down to member states . 
  this is 10 steps forward to take one step backwards . 
  yeah i just answered that , it required something extra . 
  what i meant is that historically government in the nation-state has shifted back and forth from central to regional , or regional to central . 
  it depends on the policy area and the country in mind . 
  the point is that at the national level government 's can shift policy competence between the different levels of government . 
  on the european level however , our treaties specifically state ` ever closer union ' . 
  this removes the possibility of ever handing power back from brussels to member state capitals , no matter how big or small that policy is . 
  i do n't see a worthwhile reason to be so absolute . 
  the choices are therefore : * integrate further * do not integrate further , but accept no power can ever be won back * quit, 
  what i mean is that government within the nation-state has always shifted between the local/region level and national level , without indicating which one came first ( which by and large will depend on the policy area and nation in question ) . 
  the point is that with the european union we only ever talk about further integration and only handing power to brussels . 
  i do n't understand why this needs to be the case . 
  yes by all means lets hand powers to brussels where relevant , but if at a later date we realise those powers are better handled by national governments , then give them back . 
  why does policy have to be an ` ever closer union ' , which clearly implies there 's no going back ? 
  that 's not how government works anywhere in the eu , except for the eu itself . 
  i agree allies should n't spy on each other , but there 's no chance the eu agencies are closing and integrating instead . 
  this should n't be the least bit surprising . 
  i find the faux outrage from these governments against the nsa/gchq the most annoying . 
  at least the usa has reached the stage where its asking its security services to explain what the fuck was happening , as oppose to other government 's that have tried their best to shift the blame away from their shores . 
  i really hope you 're wrong , but sadly you maybe right . 
  if the parliament is to have a strong anti-integration presence then i was hoping they would push for serious reforms in favour of such , which i truly think would be a beneficial wake-up call to certain groups within the eu . 
  if they obstruct , waste incredible fund amount and basically exploit or create dysfunctionality then i hope they do n't survive this term . 
  my worry though , is that the immaturity of anti-integration opposition will facilitate even speedier integration thereafter that a lot of people maybe opposed to . 
  it will be most interesting to see how an anti-integration parliament gets on with a pro-integration ( that 's their job ) commission . 
  what is striking is the absolute unwillingness to consider even a modicum of power being handed back from brussels to member states . 
  national government 's have always shifted from centralisation to regional ( i.e. 
  local ) power . 
  yet on a european level this is absolutely unmentionable . 
  that 's not how politics works . 
  what we should do is continue the status quo but ridicule people for being populists . 
  not examining what we can do to stop them from turning into populists . 
  what you propose might be detrimental to the political class . 
  and that 's the one demographic that ca n't be hurt !, 
  hillary ? 
   why would the uk disregard australia entirely ? 
  never over estimate how far english and australian people are willing to go to annoy the other one . 
  [ a history ... ] ( http://interactive.guim.co.uk/australia/2013/july/australia-vs-england-rivalry/ ), 
  the deal with the pope is what he can do in areas beyond traditional ` power ' ( i.e. 
  military ) . 
  imagine how much change there could be if he declared people can use condoms and be more accepting of homosexuality and abortion . 
  socio-culturally that could be huge , especially in developing parts of the world and areas that are still staunchly catholic . 
  added to that , the catholic church has been dying on its feet in recent years . 
  if his papacy can reform that and bring catholicism back to an accepted normality that would be a demonstration of incredible power . 
  then there 's interfaith dialogue . 
  perhaps the biggest cultural problem in the world is the attitudes people have had towards islam and the fractures that 's causing in many nations . 
  obviously the pope is n't the most important person in making people more accepting of others , but as head of the catholic church he 's the most influential person in any faith-based discussion . 
  when gchq was found to be hacking into belgacom it never made it onto british media sources ( perhaps guardian aside if it was a snowden link ) . 
  that should indicate how much our own media will tell us about our own spying . 
  maybe i 'm just being presumptuous , but i 'm also not shocked that the headline about france helping the usa spy on french people came from the wsj , not a french news source . 
  and for that very reason the three westminster parties will ensure the scottish vote comes first . 
  even if westminster comes to disagree on europe , they are unanimous in wanting scotland in the uk . 
  i do n't recall ever getting an education on the eu in a school sense . 
  consequently , my education came from the media . 
  and this is where the problem begins ... 
   so , sweden is also opposing the measure , yet are not mentioned at all in the headline . 
  only britain is opposing ( with swedish support ) . 
  britain is opposing alone . 
  on its own ... . 
  with swedish support . 
  yeah that 's the way this is now . 
  the budget negotiations were the finest case of it . 
  britain was widely publicised as the opponent to any budget increase . 
  cameron was the one holding the eu back with veto threats . 
  except of course , that the reality was britain was in a coalition of [ 11 nations ] ( http://openeuropeblog.blogspot.nl/2012/11/meet-eu-budget-veto-team.html ) . 
   many people in istanbul spend around 3 hrs to commute to work fuck that . 
  do you mean 1.5 hours each way , or 3 hours each way ( thus 6 total ) ? 
  not that it matters to me . 
  my commute is 5 minutes each way . 
   the generation after the baby boomers is currently coming into political maturity , but they 're vastly outnumbered by the baby boomer generation i totally agree with this and think we are at a stage where the baby boomers will still be the focus of policy , but in reality should n't be .
