  that is the suggestion of baroness warsi in the link i provided . 
  perhaps i 'm being a little too rise conscious in saying that , but it only takes one person misunderstanding this and we have a huge problem to deal with . 
  i like to think that irish and tatar are the same . 
  no clue how it came to be that the people of dublin and the people of kazan speak the same language , but they do . 
  anjem choudary is a controversial and radical cleric . 
  he should not be believed to be expressing the common opinion like he claims here . 
  this is a group he used to run , [ islam4uk . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam4uk ) [ here 's a response ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/articles/470966/20130524/woolwich-lee-rigby-islam.htm ) to the decision to give him airtime on the bbc by baroness warsi . 
  she argues people like him should n't be given the opportunity to claim they represent the majority on national television . 
  he 's out of touch with his own party because he 's too liberal . 
  and he 's out of touch with the non-conservative population in the uk because he 's elitist and head 's up a government of etonians . 
  a different spin on the same story : [ europe needs a more ` european uk , ' ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2013/may/24/european-uk-ecb-mario-draghi ) says mario draghi . 
  the uk also needs a more ` british europe . ', 
   it 's almost always a mistake to put the whole balkans in one pot , whatever that pot is . 
  [ like this !, 
  ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-hea_pjgwtuo/t3nuutrxq4i/aaaaaaaaenk/nohj0x6z9q0/s1600/balkan_troubles1.jpg ), 
  but now we are all going to die of olive oil poisoning . 
  if laws like this are so easy to be dropped and forgotten about then there 's no point in making them in the first place . 
  this demonstrates the potential for bull shit power grabbing or power demonstration . 
   whether he wants to be or not he seems to be a londoner to me . 
  to me this statement means he sees him as a londoner regardless . 
  yes people can have multiple identities . 
  my argument is that people choose their own identities ( one , many , whatever ) . 
  its entirely dependent on what that person sees themselves as . 
  other people in prison for murder . 
  events completely unrelated to this one . 
  or those with religious authority can educate those around them about the good parts of their faith - the parts that are truly harmless - compassion , kindness , and respect , and remove the parts of their faith that can be misconstrued and grotesquely misunderstood . 
  plenty of educated people are religious . 
  religion has no negative effects on their lives . 
  in fact , and i 'm sure if you ask them they 'd tell you , they enjoy and/or need religion in their lives . 
  they feel it is necessary for them , perhaps for a reason they can not justify . 
  religion is not inherently evil or barbaric . 
  its something that has and is still evolving into the modern world . 
  like many other things though , it can be and often is used to justify things that it does not support . 
   the intelligent muslims do have a responsibility to renounce faith and promote reason in their communities . 
  it ca n't be expected that people will renounce faith . 
  if people want to believe in a god and follow a religion they have every right . 
  the issue is that some religions require modernisation , and , as you correctly point out , those in the community with a religious authority have the responsibility to teach their community not to engage in acts like this . 
  that will help reduce the problem as much as we can - unfortunately there will always be the occasional psychopath , someone mentally unstable that is no other person 's fault . 
  they will spend a long fucking time in prison though . 
  and the majority of that will be in a very secure environment . 
  i doubt these guys will live amongst the rest of the murderers . 
  his identity depends entirely on what he sees himself as . 
  its as simple as that . 
  churchill was 1/2 american , so that might only be 2.5 ... 
   hitler , freud and arch duke franz ferdinand for austria . 
  that is a fucking terrifying set of individuals . 
  georgia : georgi kinkladze , katie melua hungary : ferenc puskas , zoltan gera norway : john arne riise ukraine : shevchenko not that you needed more football players , but to complete the list , 
  this wo n't just bring foreign students to france . 
  it will give french students the opportunity to study and perfect their english whilst remaining in france . 
  its win-win from that perspective . 
   the vision of the world it [ french ] carries . 
  a vision that differs from the english or american world view . 
  france is still western . 
  if we are looking to give a different vision of the world , then why not support the rise of arabic or mandarin chinese for example ? 
  why am i confusing the eu with us congress ? 
   in big cities you can be sure the oil is not olive , it 's diluted and it could make you sick in all my life that has never happened . 
  and i do not know anyone that has had it happen to them ( nobody has said to me ` thankfully the commission have created a law dodging the poisonous olive oil ' ) . 
  if this was a common complaint then this law would not be receiving such criticism and mocking . 
  i think a lot of the backlash over what is a minor and unnoticeable change to people 's lives is that this law really does come across as unnecessary law making . 
  a demonstration of power in an otherwise fine area of life . 
   an almost preventive nature : they 're not waiting for the `` great olive oil contamination of 2015 '' its taken them 32 years to realise olive oil might harm us . 
  am i to assume that wine will no longer be served in anything other than unopened bottles ? 
  that could easily be exchanged for cheaper wine and sold without us ever knowing . 
  what about other things in restaurants that are refillable ( salt , pepper , sauces that come in little trays ) ? 
  surely they too must be regulated in a `` preventative '' nature to save us from the possibilities ? 
  i would guess the people building these farms will have considered areas with strong tides ( presumably stronger tides produce more energy ? ), 
  and rejected those areas for some reason ( maybe it costs a lot more because the support structures have to be much stronger ? ) . 
  it seems like a good idea , i just feel like the people involved in this industry must 've found the ideal place to locate this farm ? 
  i 'm sure it is possible to manage the financial crisis whilst doing this . 
  the problem is this law seems like much ado about nothing . 
  its making a fuss over something nobody cared about ( i.e. 
  i do n't recall widespread campaigning for this law , but maybe i do n't read enough food politics ) . 
  yes it was a problem in spain in 1981 . 
  they could 've done it then , so why not then , but instead now ? 
  i would argue the uk and usa are trying to reign in tax avoidance from their own jurisdictions so our governments can gain more of the income we are rightly owed . 
  unfortunately that comes at the cost of other nation 's incomes , in this case ireland . 
  the other side of the coin of course is that the uk operates a tax haven of its own , exactly like ireland taking money rightly owed to other governments . 
  in this instance it is up to those other governments to act in unison to get the money they deserve . 
  slowly but surely the uk , eu , usa ( wherever ) will close tax loopholes in other jurisdictions ( and as you demonstrate there will be protest ) . 
  once that is achieved coalitions of other governments will begin to act against us ( for instance if the uk was the only major tax haven left in the world , the world will act to ensure the uk stopped being a tax haven ) . 
   well you set up the rules do n't complain when people play them game . 
  all governments play the same game . 
  london , like [ many other ] ( http://www.dw.de/the-whos-who-of-european-tax-havens/a-16753202 ) european and global destinations all act with their own self-interest at heart . 
  ireland is just as guilty at doing this as anyone else . 
   ireland being a notable contributing factor to the bubble very right here . 
  policies pursued by the irish government were very largely responsible for the irish meltdown . 
  boosting public spending by 48 % whilst cutting income tax is one of those . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/fitzgerald-says-crisis-started-with-mccreevy-26506792.html ), 
  the city of london is a massive tax haven , you 're absolutely right . 
  but that does n't excuse ireland from its tax haven status . 
  nor does it justify the irish government saying they are n't at all responsible for apple 's ( or anyone 's ) low tax rate . 
  they make the laws , they set the rates : they are responsible . 
  if we abolish cap ... 
   quite why these commentators refuse to believe that debt and deficit are problems is baffling . 
  its the populist statement . 
  some journalists are given a reputation they really do n't deserve . 
  they say things like this because it wins them popularity amongst their readership , not because they are good political commentators . 
  i 'm enjoying the thought that this is true and germany is deliberately dragging this out so their exports remain strong and they can continually post surpluses and pay of their national debt .
