  a threat to moldova , possibly . 
  i do n't know of any aims in central asia , russian relations there are generally ok . again though , i fully understand why ukraine made this statement given its current predicaments . 
  what historical precedence ? 
  this situation is unlike any other . 
  the nations you assume russia will conquer , annexe or control now have allies far stronger than russia . 
  the world is also much more interdependent and russia 's energy based economy is a prime example of that . 
  historical precedence would also have you believe the germans will join in the expansion , the french will surrender and the americans will have nothing to do with it for another three years . 
   if russia thinks it 's strong enough , it will push into nato territory . 
  what makes you think russia has begun some sort of massive expansion like that ? 
  so far a small portion of ukraine has become part of russia . 
  nothing else . 
  aside from that , russia is nowhere close to being strong enough to war against nato . 
  i 'm sure russia knows that just as much as everybody else . 
  born late enough to not remember the cold war . 
  but to try and answer your question : i do n't think russia would ever try to push into nato territory . 
  i think nato has done all it needs to thus far ( remember ukraine is not nato ) . 
  i fully understand why former parts of the soviet union feel threatened , that makes perfect sense . 
  but i think overall russia wo n't be moving into poland or the baltics anytime soon . 
  i do n't feel particularly threatened . 
  that said , i do understand why he would feel this way . 
  `` finally '' seems a little manufactured given there 's a european championships for most sports . 
   in that sense us is so much better dealing with this kind of countries ( be it bad or good thing ) . 
  that 's because the usa is one nation . 
  europe is 28 . 
  the conversation is probably easy to imagine . 
  everyone agrees we should show our support , but nobody wants to send their troops . 
  whilst the eu is an alliance of nations , it is also a group of competing nations . 
  a balance has to be struck with these things though . 
  it is a demonstration of power nonetheless . 
  sending a large number of troops and equipment maybe unnecessarily provocative . 
  the one stand out incident i recall was obama asking medvedev for more `` space '' vis-a-vis start ( the missile reduction programme ) until after the us general election . 
  afterwards obama would , he expected , have an easier time convincing the us congress/population of a reduction in stockpiled warheads . 
  obama was caught on microphone saying it , rather than delivering it publicly . 
  i do n't see the massive controversy in that though , or at least one that would sabotage his relationship with putin . 
  yeah by `` we '' i meant the usa and its allies . 
  but to rephrase : what if there was supposedly zero nukes in the world because all countries had allegedly disposed of them , then all of a sudden russia , china or iran began parading some nuclear weapons they have ? 
  the situation then being that the usa and its allies have zero , whilst its ` enemies ' so to speak , have nukes . 
   but do n't think anyone should have nukes ( including the usa ) to ask the cliche question : what if we had zero nukes , then all of a sudden russia , china , or iran started parading their own nuclear weapons ? 
   how would the rest of europe feel , if we suddenly started to build up a huge army ? 
  what about nukes ? 
  i think they 'd be strongly supportive . 
  historically speaking , the two biggest opponents to it would be france and poland . 
  i expect they 'd both support it . 
  germany is n't going to turn on nato all of a sudden , and neither are france and poland . 
  moving onto the ` smaller ' nations , i 'd expect the baltics for example , would feel increasingly secure knowing europe 's military power and projection is growing significantly as a result of germany upping the ante . 
   we just do n't want it . 
  clearly you do n't . 
  i get there 's a natural aversion to all things military in germany , and to an extent that 's the ideal way to be . 
  but europe , despite its claims to be a global powerhouse , is routinely embarrassed militarily . 
   and we do n't feel like we need it ... yet . 
  fair enough . 
  but if and when germany does decide it needs it , then there 's an issue . 
  take current ongoings . 
  forget the allies , what sort of response would german militarisation elicit from russia ? 
  that 's a problem germany/europe/nato would now have to deal with because the window of opportunity to develop one 's military presence was not fully grasped over the past 20 years . 
   a huge player in the global economy which just plain resists the use of force is a very good thing . 
  in principle yes . 
  but the key difference is germany is not neutral , whereas switzerland is . 
  that makes it tough because if germany wishes to have a political standpoint then it and its allies need the military might to back that up . 
  whilst germany does not have that we continue with a europe that 's economically important but militarily questionable . 
  you can visit his ancestral home in [ washington , tyne and wear . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/washington,_tyne_and_wear#george_washington_connection ), 
  military budgets have been steadily reduced since the end of the cold war . 
  50 % youth unemployment has only been a thing since 2008 . 
   if you join and actions are needed to be taken by the alliance , it will be america providing the lions share of the manpower , knowledge , and material . 
  the peace created by nato is the ` pax americana . ', 
  whilst the usa funds the best part of 70 % of nato and has such an overwhelmingly more powerful military than all of its other members , it is bound to sway closer to the us favour . 
  that 's not a criticism of american policy vis-a-vis nato or europe . 
  its trying to show how weak european collective defences have been exposed as without the usa in the background . 
  as we 're assuming nato inaction in estonia , fair enough ( though there is nothing to suggest this so far ) . 
  however the difference to europe ( unfortunately for estonia/latvia ) between the baltics and poland ( for instance ) is massive . 
  what is nato expected to do here ? 
  its an alliance that has so far protected its members . 
  ukraine is not a member , hence although being supported , is not being defended . 
  assuming that estonia/lativa was lost , why is that anywhere close to losing all central/eastern europe ? 
  those two are lightyears away from one another . 
  who do you support that gives you an nhs walk in actually inside the stadium ? 
  hotels are increasingly common attached to stadiums . 
  my favourite is luton , where you walk under someone 's house to get in . 
  i do n't know if there 's an official explanation . 
  the real reason is probably because washington benefits from spying on germany , whether that 's spying on its politicians for diplomatic gains or spying on its businesses for industrial gains . 
   even the daily mail will join in it would fit so well with the daily mail 's anti-europe ideals too . 
  i can readily imagine them criticising everyone and everything that packs up and leaves london to set up in paris or frankfurt . 
  in the same vein that they say europe steals everything from us already they 'd argue europe is now stealing our precious historic british banking industry . 
   abiding by a democratically formulated constitution is something any real democracy does technically true , but fuck that . 
  the constitution is a piece of paper , it does not represent the will of the catalan people and it is certainly a subpar reason to deny them a referendum . 
  many require supermajorities , which means they often hinder democracy . 
  many use a two-thirds majority . 
  if 65 % of the nation want something and 35 % do not , the 65 % should win . 
  if the uk had a constitution containing that same clause regarding scotland , i 'd wish for that clause to be abolished . 
   nord stream is the one that actually poses a security threat very easily explained , although not pleasant . 
  western europe is simply more important to russia business-wise . 
  they consume more gas and have bigger economies , which means both russia and west europe stand to lose more financially should there be a supply issue . 
  additionally , nations act in terms of self-interest . 
  so for west european states nord stream is , speaking in terms of economics and energy security , nord stream is wonderful . 
   this is n't a playground , where a politician is actually scared of being hurt , they have much bigger consequences to worry about . 
  its that , in my opinion , that will prevent a war . 
  do we agree with annexations in ukraine , no . 
  will we go to war over it ( not even nuclear war , just sending troops in to fight and die in ukraine ) , no . 
  i 'm only speaking for what i expect britain would do , though i doubt the french , germans or americans are keen for a war .
