  calling for the high representative to have any kind of power to deal with a crisis along the lines of the recent tragedy is far beyond that . 
  the two are overwhelmingly different . 
  what do you envisage by unified policy ? 
   the first step is to admit that ashton was a failure with a few media opportunities in recent years to her name . 
  ashton could 've been more successful , but the portfolio for her replacement will be different . 
  in theory that person should be more successful because their work will be created with the experience of ashton in mind . 
  that said , foreign policy will not be coming close to being unified on a truly serious level in the near future . 
  a common army or defence policy for example , could not be further away ( mainly because its a near impossibility ) . 
   in my opinion the council and the high representative should act together , in yours the council should act alone . 
  that 's still a question of what should or could happen . 
  the framework at present is established so that member states retain near full competency in foreign affairs . 
  that ties the hands of the high representative . 
  yes the uk negotiated that portfolio , but it did so alongside and against all other member states . 
  her replacement faces those same negotiations . 
   right now the council is a circus without a ringleader and ashton 's meager management has left the eu without any organizational ability , let alone quick response capabilities . 
  her success is debatable , especially given the strength members states have and continue to hold in foreign policy . 
  serbia/kosovo and p5 +1 with iran are pretty strong successes . 
  i was certainly displeased by her appointment initially , that i will agree on . 
   ashton 's meager management has left the eu without any organizational ability , let alone quick response capabilities this is the same as the point i first replied to . 
  its unfair to blame ashton for eu inability to act decisively . 
  its a member state competency . 
  she could be as willing as she likes , but she does not have the power constitutionally . 
  it does n't matter what her portfolio is , eu treaties firmly place foreign policy power in the hands of member states . 
  wealthy class in this instance refers to billionaires and people 's whose wealth is in the hundreds of millions . 
  a politician on # 66k a year + benefits is nowhere close to this level . 
  its also because people with that level of wealth tend also to hold very important assets . 
  being the ceo of google or microsoft is phenomenally powerful by extension of the power of that company . 
  the same of course goes for owning mining assets or oil fields . 
   if cameron had better relations with france and germany , i 'm sure he 'd be taken more seriously . 
  diplomacy is far more matured than that . 
  if france and germany were unwilling to take action against russia because of ukraine / the shot down plane because cameron opposed juncker , that would be atrocious on their part . 
   i 'm being down voted ? 
  well sorry for bringing up factual news to this drama party that / r/europe [ 1 ] turned in to . 
  the bric bank is a development bank , it invests in things . 
  it does not make anyone anymore independent from the city of london / west . 
  its also a sweeping and incorrect generalisation to think all bric nations ( even russia alone ) are trying to avoid using the city / western financial services industries . 
  because all the other nations have been scrambling to hand their foreign policy , military equipment and joint forces commands to brussels ? 
  that she is british is entirely irrelevant . 
  she is an employee of the european union , not the british government . 
  her successes are therefore the successes of the eu together , not britain alone . 
  her failures too , are that of the eu together , not britain alone . 
  it is for the same reason nobody shits on portugal for barroso or any mistake he has ever made . 
  secondly , foreign policy is a member state competency ; it is in fact the most clear cut member state competency in the entire eu framework . 
  in other words , eu action is at the behest of member state leaders agreeing to do something in the council . 
  so ashton 's office is also the entirely incorrect place to project your blame . 
  i would therefore ask why you choose to frame the argument around her britishness ? 
   germany is very reluctant to do anything other than sanctions , remember what happened last time they started marching armies all over europe ? 
  real sanctions would be a start . 
  i do n't think it needs to progress to military action , nowhere close . 
  that being said , i also do n't accept wwii as a reason for germany to avoid using its military . 
  by all means be cautious , that is in fact a good thing . 
  but wwii is long in the past . 
  those that fought it have long since made up and moved on , hence the eu . 
  i completely agree , but do n't see a situation whereby the cartel itself takes decision making powers . 
  in practice , that means a common foreign policy , common army etc. 
  that 's an atrocious way of looking at things . 
  of all the many things that are wrong with it , i 'll cite one example : look at how much money the usa has thrown at afghanistan and iraq . 
  in 2011 the pentagon estimated over $ 1 trillion , whereas a group of war accountants put the real cost at closer to $ 5 trillion . 
   if dutch troops went into ukraine as per the ukrainian government 's request are pro-kiev troops even nearby the plane crash ? 
  i thought it was closely guarded by rebels , hence accusations of evidence tampering , theft and so forth . 
  so even if the dutch sent troops into ukraine , it would be only the western part , which renders them pretty much useless . 
   troops on ukrainian territory is only for one government to decide , and shocker , that is n't russia . 
  i agree with your post however russia clearly could n't give a fuck . 
  they blame ukraine for shooting the plane down , even going as far as alleging the ukrainian air force mistook it for putin 's presidential jet . 
  not necessarily . 
  i would happily bet that sikorski for example knew the eu would n't take anywhere near the kind of action he was talking about . 
  nevertheless , still calling for that action gave him a ginormous population boost continent wide and probably increased his popularity in poland . 
  he may well still land one of the top eu positions , which is chiefly from his comments vis-a-vis ukraine , because not many people knew of or had heard of him beforehand . 
  it put him in the limelight . 
  after centuries of russian oppression , its probably very satisfying to the cee electorate to see their politicians talking and opposing russia so vehemently and without consequence . 
   `` if you harm one of us , you harm us all '' . 
  in theory bilateral/multilateral relations covers this . 
  there 's nothing to stop nato nations acting in unison , just through multilateral relations rather than the medium of nato or csdp . 
  the problem , like with anything else , is willingness . 
  assume britain and the netherlands decide to do something , but germany ( for example ) does not . 
  the lack of willingness in this case on the part of germany is not solved by tying them into such a bond . 
  nato is built on the idea of consensus , and within that is flexibility . 
  see germany 's actions on libya for an example . 
  its sad but true that some nations do n't want to do anything of substance because of their individual interests . 
  what would be needed is one of two things . 
  firstly , those nations would need to be willing to take the hit themselves , which they clearly are not ( economically hurting london , not selling warships , losing trade or energy imports etc. ) . 
  the second option is to compensate those nations to remedy the loss incurred by their action . 
  someone else buying the french warships is one example of that . 
  again though , there 's no incentive . 
  nobody wants to spend billions on warships , nobody can compensate german energy or industrial losses , nobody can compensate the economic loss that would be borne by london . 
  the nation supporting the rebels might also send in their army though . 
  that is an oddly small collection of people . 
  suddenly i 'm a lot more excited about the prospect of a post-2015 tory majority . 
  they 've certainly bragged about bringing ukrainian planes down previously ( i do n't know if it was with the buk ) , and certainly showed off the buk on social media long before this . 
  so their ownership of it was well known . 
  its actually a funny coincidence that he uses the wrong word , meanwhile referring to the guardian as `` the graunidad '' because the guardian has a history of unfortunate mistakes like that . 
   the uk would maybe veto too to discourage scotland . 
  the uk has been clear that it would support iscotland in the eu . 
  its position is that iscotland would not have the same benefits as what the uk currently does ( rebate , euro opt out etc. ) . 
  that comes as a result of having to work through all accession negotiations again , in which case its scotland vs. 28 member states ( of which the uk is one ) . 
   but seriously i really believe that situation where nothing happens because europe is confused and theres always someone who undermines joint actions is what we have and will have . 
  sadly that 's very true . 
  its impossible to implement sanctions that do n't disproportionately impact one european nation more than others . 
  in this respect its no different to any eu reform . 
  financial legislation hurts the uk , changing the ecb mandate hurts germany , agriculture or strasbourg hurts france .
