   adding unconventional threats such as irregular militia and cyber-attacks to nato 's article 5 commitment for all members to come to the aid of a member which is attacked that makes sense to be honest , particularly given russia 's massive commitment to stating it has nothing to do with the rebels . 
   establishing a continuous presence of nato troops and military equipment in `` vulnerable '' baltic states , including estonia , latvia and lithuania again , fair enough . 
  these are the nations under threat , not france , germany or the uk . 
  a better next question is who do they want to pay for it ? 
  what possible difference does the existence of a uk defence committee make , when that committee oversees the spending of the uk mod ? 
  every nation has these . 
   my pick would be one of kurz-machete or asselborn-machete the real question with the ass-machete is who luxembourg and portugal wish to use it on ? 
  honestly , crimea will be staying with russia . 
  any deal at this point will be for the end to the separatist war in east ukraine . 
  nobody mentions crimea anymore , its all but russian . 
  i fully agree : /, 
   couple of days ago the separatist leader announced that putin will pay for his failure to act in eastern ukraine . 
  firstly , that 's not a credible threat . 
  the separatists are disliked by kiev , disliked by the west , and if they tried to `` make putin pay '' , disliked by russia . 
  i personally would go further and say that statement was propaganda to make people think russia has no control over the rebels , but that 's merely my opinion . 
   how should russia go about stopping this war in ukraine now that you know the rebels are n't controlled by russia ? 
  assuming russia did n't want the war anymore , getting a security council resolution would be easy . 
  russia is the only obstacle to that . 
  from there either ukraine can be financed/armed to stop the separatists via the un , a un backed intervention could happen , then a un peacekeeping force can be sent in . 
  but none of that will happen . 
  russia does n't want this to end . 
   russia spends 90 billion dollars on its army . 
  it wo n't be able to spend 90 billion on its army with its economy up the shitter . 
  it will suffer other issues too , such as its currency collapsing . 
  knowing that this is the direct consequence of sanctions imposed because of ukraine ( and therefore ones that are lifted upon its withdrawal from ukraine ) , it becomes strongly incentivised to leave ukraine . 
  that is at least the theory behind economic sanctions . 
   concerning the war situation in ukraine ? 
  how do you think russia finances its involvement in ukraine ? 
   has europe acted then ? 
  perhaps finally it acted yesterday , we will find out soon enough . 
  but merkel is one of , if not the , key reasons why europe did not act sooner . 
   nonsens sanctions that will have no measurable effect the european side of the sanctions have had minimal effect . 
  the sanctions are implemented directly because of ukraine . 
  what we basically say is `` stop the war in ukraine and we stop the sanctions '' . 
   i 'm quite glad with the way merkel has handled this crisis so far . 
  if she delivered the deal that ended the war , undoubtedly ( the terms in the article seem thoroughly shit though ) . 
  however , until that moment happens i find it hard to accept her as handling it well . 
  she 's arguably the most important barrier against europe acting sooner on all of this . 
  sort of . 
  i believe the prisoners the us gave back were sent to a qatari jail ( i do n't know if they were freed after that ) . 
  but * that is n't financially funding terrorism . 
  * its not a profitable exercise . 
  nobody makes cash , both sides exchange like for like . 
  it happened throughout the cold war , often on the same bridge in potsdam . 
  from the [ commission 's page on trade with russia  ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/countries-and-regions/countries/russia/ ) * eu exports to russia are dominated by machinery and transport equipment , chemicals , medecines and agricultural products . 
  * eu imports from russia are dominated by raw materials , in particular , oil ( crude and refined ) and gas . 
  for these products , as well as for other important raw materials , russia has committed in the wto to freeze or reduce its export duties . 
   what i find most ironic however is that the eu 's soft power , the oh-so-secret-wunderwaffe touted by those aforementioned people , is the one thing which the eu has been criticized most for being unwilling to use . 
  i think its a failure to realise that when it comes to foreign policy , the eu is nowhere close to what it is in other policy areas . 
  that 's not a bad thing , but that at least needs to be realised and accepted . 
   you do realise that `` becoming a superpower '' is a thing of the past ? 
  this concept is long dead and people are still trying to fit the eu into the old superpower usa-cccp framework . 
  you 're implying that ` superpower ' is a static term that does n't evolve , which is incorrect . 
  i agree that the eu wo n't fall into the cold war framework of the us and ussr , but that 's because the eu helps alter that framework altogether . 
  it is no longer us-ussr . 
  the usa can be considered the world 's sole hyperpower . 
  china is a superpower , russia is considerably weaker than before , but still nuclear enough and with enough energy resources to force itself into consideration . 
  the eu is there on economic terms , and possibly one day military terms . 
   on top of that you 're implying the word superpower needs to have a omniscient and omnipresent military presence . 
  that is false and does not fit into the founding principles of the eu as laid out by schuman and adenauer . 
  the eu already is this , based simply on the sum of its member state parts . 
  the uk and france are omnipresent military powers , with bases across the planet . 
  meanwhile , eu trade is found across the world , with many countries dependent on it . 
  the eu is nowhere close to the usa , but that i addressed as the usa being a hyperpower . 
   eu will be no superpower on these archaic terms . 
  it wo n't . 
  it wo n't get to this stage . 
  the eu is so regularly criticised because when the going gets tough , it does n't unite . 
  bosnia was embarrassing , the eurocrisis was divisive and until over 200 civilians lost their lives a week ago , no politician wanted to do anything about russia . 
  i believe full union will eventually happen , but its decades away . 
  the kind of wealth transfers federalism would involve would kill the union stone dead if brought in today . 
  the concept of a united military is nowhere even near to being close . 
   i 'm a warmongering imperialist amerikkkan a year ago because i told them europe needed to step up military-spending/intergation to implying i 'm a pacifist appeasing pussy i have seen this with many people that have us flags . 
  its a very strange phenomenon . 
  some people view europe as this upcoming superpower , but knowing that europe is militarily very reliant on the usa becomes a very bitter pill for them to swallow . 
  as long as any of the 28 say ` nein ' in fact . 
  does n't matter if its germany , croatia , france or malta . 
  the use of `` other countries '' is very common in english . 
  it basically means `` politicians or the media in other countries '' . 
  so in this instance , it means some german politicians or the german media have expressed sympathy with cameron 's concerns . 
   maybe its to position himself well for the election next year . 
  undoubtedly . 
  i 'm surprised he 's doing it this early to be honest . 
  he could sit on this one until the new year then get a boost then . 
  yes . 
  the news of the world was shut down , but replaced by the sun on sunday . 
  murdoch still owns the sun and the times , plus holds great power through bskyb . 
  people know about the hackings , but like anything else the scandal soon passes . 
  murdoch 's most popular paper , with less than 12 months until a general election . 
  yeah , the sun can do whatever the fuck they want right now !, 
  proxy wars , but we 've got at least two of those on the go in syria and ukraine already . 
  to make a statement . 
  its a way of saying the uk is there and will stand up for its allies . 
  and , should one of those troops die in a russian-polish conflict , then that 's us getting involved . 
  that furthers the strength of the statement . 
   `` russia can just willy nilly seize our assets ? 
  russia did just do that . 
  that 's what this court case was about . 
  the problem with businesses acting like that is the amount of profit they stand to lose . 
  no way do bp or royal dutch shell , for example , reign in their deals in russia given the size of the energy industry .
