  if so , can you link them please ? 
  i 'd be very interested in reading about it . 
  you 've managed to confuse the crap out of me there i 'm afraid : s  all-powerful-holy-state which all powerful holy state were blair et al. 
  trying to get us to worship ? 
  i can follow how destroying nationalism would help make war obsolete in the sense that nations stop existing , though i highly doubt this was the goal of an open immigration policy . 
  i 'm also confused as to how making war obsolete could morph into a prime minister `` and his buddies '' ( to borrow your term ) to send the uk into more individual wars than any pm in history . 
  it all seems rather contradictory . 
   but letting them in was the plan all along . 
  where are you going with this ? 
   every single jedi is now an enemy of the european union . 
  you 're god damn right they are . 
  [ london - prisoner claims persecution for jedi faith . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/film/2014/apr/17/prisoner-persecution-star-wars-jedi ), 
  the energy community sounds great , but there are some clear downsides ( which i outlined ) . 
  for one , france suggested an energy community nearly a year ago , yet nothing happened . 
  clearly the motivation was not there from others . 
  a european energy union does exist already though . 
  its been suggested numerous times before and never gets traction for the same reasons . 
  do n't get me wrong , it sounds like a great idea . 
  i merely listed things i think will mean it does n't happen ( obstacles if you like ) . 
  i do n't know if you posted this before i made the edit , but my edit explains exactly what you say . 
  possibly , but it also stands to reason that if this were the case then the energy union would already exist . 
  that it does not exist goes a long way to suggesting certain nations ( germany being one of them ) believes it can get a better deal on its own than as a 28 member bloc . 
  his position is as follows : he 's not against europe ( evident by his wife being german ) . 
  he 's against the european union . 
  i 'm not a ukip supporter , nowhere close . 
  but the distinction farage makes is quite straightforward . 
  edit : i should however add its rather hypocritical to claim europeans are taking british jobs , then employing your german wife to do a job for you in the uk . 
  but we 'd have to renegotiate all energy deals . 
  yes the average might end up being better as a union than as 28 different contracts , but it still means some nations will lose out in comparison . 
  the three problems i see in this are : * europe pays different prices as it is . 
  so the nations that would see an increase in their energy prices as a result of the eu renegotiating its energy deals are not going to be supportive of this . 
  * nord stream , for all its hate in europe , actually benefits some nations ( whilst potentially screwing others over ) . 
  those nations wo n't want to lose this benefit too easily . 
  * its interesting how we are now discussing full use of european energy , including shale . 
  yet opposition to shale is still pretty large in communities that stand above shale deposits . 
  you 'll notice i responded to the assertion that china would n't buy russian oil , not whether russia could adequately replace european buyers with chinese ones . 
  we all know how interdependent russia and the eu are on each other regarding energy imports and exports . 
  if that were to disappear , one of them is fucked ( either russia needs to export because europe has stopped using russian energy , or europe needs a new import partner because russia has found a better market elsewhere ) . 
  if russia needed to export then this is an opportunity * par excellence * for other countries because russia would become desperate . 
  so :  russia can not replace the eu market with china yes , this is 100 % correct . 
  if russia lost the eu market it would become desperate for a new exporter . 
  this means it would be forced to undercut its own current prices and the prices of rival exporters . 
  even if china did buy as much gas as the eu used to buy , it would get the deal cheaper due to the russian need to sell . 
   china would never go for it anyway . 
  that 's a very simplistic assertion . 
  if europe drastically reduced its imports from russia , then russia will be looking for new markets in order to sustain its economy . 
  that means china could obtain russian energy for much less than what it currently pays . 
  furthermore , the new russian need to sell cheap energy means other exporters would have to reduce their own prices as well . 
  in other words , as far as the price of chinese energy imports go , europe rejecting russian energy could be very beneficial to the chinese . 
  i do n't understand what they are trying to get at with the first poster , even with the comedic references . 
  nobody 's perfect sounds very counterintuitive to me . 
   what i do n't like is that he actually has the gall to even `` aim '' for something like this . 
  why ? 
  if he wants to stand let him stand . 
  if estonians do n't want him he loses . 
  if estonians do want him then he gets elected . 
  welcome to democracy my friend . 
   they would n't be subject to duties . 
  two scenarios may happen in the event of the uk quitting the eu : * the uk goes back into efta , thereby keeping free trade with the eu ( in the areas covered by efta ) . 
  * the uk ** initially ** enters a situation where a free trade agreement with the eu must be negotiated . 
  this will likely happen in the period between the uk voting to get out and the date the uk officially leaves . 
  for a similar comparison , its like how in scotland people view eu entry as something that will be negotiation after a yes vote in 2014 but before the formal declaration of independence in 2016 . 
  failure to negotiate an fta would mean tariffs come into existence . 
  however the likelihood of that failure is probably quite slim given the fta is mutually beneficial . 
  yes i did . 
   bollinger bolshie that 's a ridiculous term whenever people use it ( along with champagne commie and whatever else there maybe ) . 
  it assumes that expensive things such as champagne are only for the elites . 
  when in actuality the whole nation , rich or poor , should be able to enjoy them . 
   it 's a mix and it depends a lot on who i 'm talking to . 
  this is the key . 
  a german catholic in a room full of catholics will feel german . 
  however , that same german catholic in a room full of italians would probably feel german . 
   like , given my european passport , and despite me being born in australia , i consider myself both an australian and a european . 
  were you born with both or did you get the eu one through residency ? 
  if the latter , i 'm curious . 
  did you feel european prior to getting the passport ( i.e. 
  after several years residency , but still short of the passport requirement ) ? 
   with this in mind i 'm curious as to whether you believe the basis for allowing the scottish referendum comes from this legal difference . 
  for the uk/scotland , not at all . 
  although i would say it is quite important as to why the spanish government do not allow independence referendums . 
   in the uk however , with the precedent we set with gibraltar and the falklands , denying people the right to choose just is n't an option for any politician . 
  the precedent actually begins with the union act itself . 
  it was created as a union of nations , whereas spain is a single nation-state . 
  i do n't mean that to be for or against independence movements , just that it , legally speaking , is the difference . 
  it sounds very much like you agree with me then . 
  through nato , so too do our allies . 
  as for the other countries , they are as i mentioned above ( unless you think russia maybe about to go after a country other than former soviet and/or european nations , which has never been suggested ) . 
  you 're right . 
  but historical precedence is in my opinion miles away from trying to predict what will happen . 
  where used , it often requires a large generalisation of past events in order to draw out similarities . 
  it is also massively contradictory . 
  you now suggest the last 30 years . 
  well 30 years ago russia ( ussr ) never invaded a nato country . 
  that has n't changed . 
  my basis for saying that russia is n't coming into nato is because it would have to deal with nato . 
  the only chance it ( and lets be honest , the whole world ) has of surviving that is if nato rolls over and dies . 
  of course being in that alliance does help ( though to be honest i think the uk would be fairly safe regardless - it would be massively unlikely that we are bombed or invaded out of nowhere ) . 
  more to the point though , given the presence of nato and the belief that it works , i do n't see how russia remains a threat to the globe . 
  a threat to ukraine , definitely .
