   the phony war really was a betrayal of an alliance . 
  though britain was n't ready for full war , it was able to repel german attack on the british main island while conducting a naval war there 's a big difference between repelling a german attack on the british mainland and successfully conducting a full scale liberation of poland at short-notice in 1939 . 
  that difference is multiplied by your own admission that `` britain was n't ready for full scale war '' . 
  defending britain against sea lion , whilst waging a naval war ( imperative to britain as an island ) and fully liberating poland is without doubt a full scale war . 
   france was the largest army in europe at the time and was able to conduct a western front war with germany had it actually wanted to . 
  france was also later conquered and occupied with relative ease . 
  its ability to conduct a war was made abundantly clear by that . 
   they left a whole nation to be butchered by the germans do n't forget that poland was invaded on both fronts , by germany and by the soviet union . 
  out of curiosity , would you say britain and france had a duty to liberate poland from both germany and the ussr in 1939 ? 
  i second this . 
  nobody in the uk knows or gives a fuck about the commission president candidates , but 100 % brits can tell you that [ manaus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manaus ) is in the middle of the jungle where it is hot , humid and four hours away from rio de janeiro . 
  if they did it and got away with it , which they would n't , i guarantee the next step would be to ( try and ) take out a shitload of debt in order to finance new things . 
   presumably through taxation is n't that the ideal plan anyway , but we 've all diverted from that and taken on debt because its impossible to finance a welfare state without debt ? 
   the leader of bsp ( ex communists ) is leader of pes in eu parliament at least he sounds well qualified in socialism ... 
  sure , but what do these people fight with ? 
  modern warfare is more about the equipment and technology you have ( planes , ships etc. ), 
  than it is the number of active soldiers . 
  and france and the uk are the best equipped militaries in europe . 
   do you think that troops would be committedto a place they are going to leave in three days ? 
  that 's not the point . 
  the us has sent a tiny number of troops to eastern nations . 
  their presence lets russia know that any invasion must go through them , hence killing americans and bringing the usa much more into this . 
  it is therefore a very good threat . 
  in 1 you are actually at war . 
  you 've made a clear statement that germany 's invasion of poland will not be tolerated , rather than accepting it . 
  this also forces germany to maintain a greater force on its western front because it is at war with france . 
  just because germany and france/uk were not engaging in open war as we later saw , does not mean that `` nothing '' was done . 
  also note that `` nothing '' was not done , even in a military sense :  despite the relative calm on land , on the high seas the war was very real . 
  within a few hours of the declaration of war , the british liner ss athenia was torpedoed off the hebrides with the loss of 112 lives in what was to be the beginning of the long running battle of the atlantic . 
  on 4 september , the allies announced a blockade of germany to prevent her importing food and raw materials to sustain her war effort , the germans immediately declared a counter-blockade . 
  you feel the uk should not have made that commitment to poland then ? 
  should they have made no commitment then ? 
  simply said nothing and done nothing ? 
  no declaration of war ? 
  just ignored it . 
  the active acceptance of polish occupation would have changed everything . 
  it clearly was a long-term strategy , and one that ultimately paid off . 
  nobody wanted the cold war or the occupations that followed 1945 . 
  but there was no way invading the soviet union would work ( it was considered ) . 
  and the allied tried to make it through germany as quickly as possible . 
  they simply were not able to keep up with the east to west advances of the soviets . 
  what do you think should have happened , given that the uk was not ready for war then , and given france clearly was n't given it was later conquered and occupied ? 
  i agree with you about all of this . 
  but stalin was the leader and the leader often gets all of the credit . 
  part of that is because he was in charge , part is propaganda . 
  but this is the reason why stalingrad is what the name may become rather than zhukovgrad etc. 
  i would say imagine it in the context of your own country , or of others : * if finland had a serious chance of quitting the eu , would you want an in/out referendum the same day as a general election . 
  your population must now devote their full attention not just to choosing the next finnish government , but also to whether they want finland to remain in the eu . 
  the large eurosceptic parties will be devoting their entire attention solely to making people vote `` out '' , whilst the major parties divide their attention between `` in '' and `` elect us '' . 
  there definitely is n't because we 'd not be devoting enough attention to any of the issues . 
  a general election should be 100 % about electing the next government . 
  not half of that and half of whether we should be in the eu . 
   the issue has in much been debated non stop on and off for years . 
  not really . 
  the pro-eu campaign has n't kicked into gear yet at all ( save for clegg getting beat in some debates he called ) . 
  the pro-eu campaign will arise once the referendum draws closer , i.e. 
  the anti-eu campaign has been in full flow for a couple of years because that 's the sole confirmed policy and the centrepiece of ukip . 
  that 's the reason they exist after all . 
   i mean in the sense that only the scotts get to vote on it ? 
  yes only the scots vote . 
  it concerns everyone in the uk of course , but its correct and right that only the scots vote . 
  but the uk government is campaigning in scotland and would be campaigning for the eu . 
   you could also do as in other countries to have two votes on the same day . 
  we do that with councils and the european parliament . 
  but voting in a general election is far too important to share with something else , especially when that something else is whether or not we should be in the eu . 
  tl ; dr it would be very poor governing to host the referendum prior to or on the general election in 2015 . 
  there is n't time to hold it now . 
  in september 2014 there 's the scottish independence referendum and in may 2015 the uk general election . 
  whether you choose 2016 or 2017 depends how long you think the public need to discuss and debate the issue . 
  an example using the scottish independence referendum : * agreed 15 october 2012 * formally proposed 21 march 2013 * passed in scottish parliament 14 november 2013 * royal assent ( formally became law ) 17 december 2013 * happens 18 september 2014, 
  the british were not ready for war in 1939 ( i do n't know about the french ) . 
  sure we could 've sent bombers over germany , invaded germany or invaded poland , but there 's a chance we would 've been defeated . 
  then you 'd have had an even worse time and warsaw and krakow would 've been hitlerburg and stalingrad respectively . 
   also brought civil liberties to many nations , freedom to poles i agree , but then stalin led russia / soviet union to victory in wwii . 
  the consequences of defeat to the nazis would have been awful for the slavic people . 
  i do n't think hollande has ever had a cunning plan . 
   let them come , americans or no . 
  we 've done it before , we 'll do it again . 
  when have we done it before ? 
  and why the fuck would we want to do it again ? 
   in fact , germany and france have been pretty clear on their stances . 
  they do n't really give a shit about ukraine as long as russian troops do n't enter easter ukraine because the usa is so involved in this . 
  there 's a strong argument that russia did n't go further because of us threats . 
  if the us decided to not get involved , that would change everything regarding whether france/germany/uk cared more , or whether russia decided to go further . 
  thankfully , we 'll never know . 
   second , european armies could take on russia alone a terrible idea for very obvious reasons . 
  your third point further contextualises why :  third , when it come to cover operation , germany france and england have everything they need . 
  sure , if the other nations are willing to take whatever germany , france and the uk want . 
  if they do n't care about defending ukraine , then maybe goodbye ukraine . 
  if they do n't want to risk it all defending a small nation next to russia and with a sizeable russian population then goodbye small nation . 
  and for the record i agree , they should state they 'll defend . 
  but when push comes to shove are france/uk/germany going to ramp up wwiii for the sake of this small nation ? 
  again , thankfully , it seems we 'll never know . 
   now let 's be serious , nato account for 70 % of the world military expenses . 
  those who ask us to spend more are crooks and thieves . 
  the overwhelming majority of that is concentrated in the united states . 
  take the us out and the majority is in the uk , france and germany . 
  a european defence would be whatever france , the uk and germany want ( and unless there 's consensus , there 's even more of a shortage , aka libya ) . 
  remember france and the uk project across the world , not exclusively in europe ( south atlantic , indian ocean , south pacific , africa and southeast asia ) and ships etc. 
  can not appear overnight .
