  these ships are still in production i think , which has luckily avoided a very curious development . 
  suppose russia were to move its french made ships to kaliningrad , within direct striking distance of poland and the baltics . 
  which is still nothing more than estimations . 
  many places have strong opposition to fracking and it would take years to authorise , tender , frack and process . 
   do you have any gin-drinking sarcastic naval officers hiding in the closets mayhaps ? 
  i think everyone in the armed forces is both a gin drinker ( and drinker of all other alcoholic beverages ) and somewhat sarcastic . 
  got that covered . 
   they do n't even want to impose sanctions on russia , france does n't even find it appropriate to stop selling battleships to russia as someone from one of the nations that feels threatened at the moment , how does the western response make you feel ? 
  with no real actions and france selling russia the warships ( including one called the sevastopol , curiously ) , do you think poland would be protected ? 
  ukraine is n't in eu/nato so there 's that big difference , but the polish government are acting to protect their borders , which indicates they worry russia might come to poland next . 
   i 'd love the us and uk to stay out of this completely i 've wondered this , especially if both were sarcastic as fuck about it . 
  * us : we will no longer be the world police . 
  we are n't getting involved . 
  * uk : we are usa 's bitch . 
  they are n't involved , neither are we . 
  fwiw i hope that does n't happen . 
  the french are selling russia some warships . 
  here 's one of them , the [ sevastopol . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_ship_sevastopol_\\ ( mistral_class \\ ) ) its the largest russia/west defence deal sine wwii . 
  that 's not a joke either . 
  i would expect some sort of press safe haven . 
  there 's media in every warzone in ridiculously dangerous places , yet their mortality rate is surprisingly low ( obviously there 's almost always some casualties ) . 
  its a pretty logical thing . 
  neither russia or ukraine wants to accidentally kill a bunch of journalists from across the world . 
   if europe could nut up and get its energy house in order how is europe supposed to do that ? 
  magically strike oil in the middle of slovakia or france ? 
   i 'd like an apology from everyone that used the argument ` the cold war is over ' in regards to gchq in the past 6 months . 
  i think the point people were making about gchq is that its probably ok to spy on your enemies . 
  but unless belgacom or some random dutchman was about to invade ukraine , then there 's probably a big difference you 've missed . 
   in the event of a nuclear attack , the whole world will light up . 
  in a fluorescent yellow-green colour i bet !, 
   gas or not is probably something russia will do why is it ? 
  what suggests russia is willing to just randomly shut off supply to all of europe . 
   at that point it 's a commone external enemy . 
  that always works to create a sense of unity . 
  yes but a common enemy that a ) is n't likely to crusade through europe , and b ) one that europe is massively reliant on . 
  the eu itself does n't because member state leaders would have to meet . 
  but individual state e.g. 
  germany and france do . 
  this would also reveal the eu position itself to an extent . 
   there would be a lot of whining but unless i 'm severely underestimating the price increases i think the government could pull it off . 
  the problem is the uk stopping russian gas imports is one thing , but not exactly tragic for russia . 
  they could weather that whilst british people become outraged at higher prices . 
  i have no idea what the actual figures would be , but its fair to expect substantial increases , and the government needing to mitigate these by substantial fuel allowances to low income households . 
  acting alone on that could very much backfire , especially as the uk does n't import much in comparison to france/germany . 
  imo nothing of the sort will happen . 
  the uk would n't do it alone and france/germany are too dependent . 
  i 'd still disagree strongly . 
  the eu has n't suggested much in the way of action against russia , and they depend on the russians far more than we do . 
  maybe time will present some sanctions . 
  consider how controversial energy prices are in the uk as it is . 
  and how keen people are to isolate ourselves from europe ( a case of not our problem - ukraine , though tragic , can be seen in a similar light ) . 
  people are upset when our energy prices go up by single digit percentages . 
  the thought of no gas for a winter would lead to an incredible backlash , whilst the prospect of massively increased prices as supply would disappear would n't be too far different . 
  to be fair , where is western europe ? 
  poland , lithuania and a few former soviet states have been clear , though have n't suggested sanctions . 
  the rest of western europe is also probably seeing how much gas they have stockpiled . 
  edit : also interested as to how this affects the uk/eu debate . 
  uk takes action to help ukraine whilst the eu does nothing ( once again ) . 
  its easily spun into an anti-eu rhetoric . 
  there 's probably critiques of the uk that pro-eu camps could make ( such as acting without eu consultation - albeit another example of the eu being slow as fuck ) . 
  so you 're saying that the eu tells us we do n't have anymore gas and are going to freeze this winter , and you think people will take this as a positive ? 
  how many people you think might die in the freezing winter ? 
  they might disagree . 
  if there was a better option than the status quo do n't you think we 'd take it ? 
   the us is n't likely to get in a war with russia over ukraine , nor is the uk or france . 
  it is honestly not that important . 
  and that 's the hard truth . 
  i also believe nato only operates if one of its members is attacked . 
  so if a nato member went in to support ukraine ( provided a war starts ) then nato is not obliged to do anything . 
  only if russia moved first on a nato member , which is highly doubtful . 
   it would be trump card only if it were easy , but the eu would be much less hurt than russia . 
  yeah provided the eu went through with it and actually stuck to their guns . 
  it being deeply unpopular with the electorate would likely see a very sceptical european parliament returned , would probably signal the demise of many domestic governments ( in the uk energy prices are a massive controversy anyway , so going through what you mentioned would surely be suicidal for the government ) . 
  it also assumes russia sits back and lets it happen . 
  they 'll surely respond , be it lower prices or using the advantageous situation of europe freezing for something else . 
  that 's about the same as in the uk ( though we definitely do n't have the most in europe ) . 
  will take some time to know for sure , and estimations very massively . 
  the sum total though , is that nobody is able to start refusing russian energy anytime soon . 
  so if production can only begin in 2015 , the marketplace would n't see it until later in 2015 at the absolute minimum . 
  not quite the right time frame for pissing around with russian energy supplies then . 
  do you not think there is a reason why this has n't happened already then ? 
  i do n't mean the last few days , but at any point in the last decade at least . 
  there has been previous incidents with russia where using this supposed trump card may have been useful . 
   we 've got loads of our own shale gas ready to be used now , or is it still being explored ( let alone contracts tendered , won , fracked and processed ? 
  and a similar amount to what russia supplies ? 
   the eu , as a whole , would also be much more respected worldwide and treated thereafter if we hosted a common army instead of 28 different ones . 
   the uk and france are the only european countries with aircraft carriers , it goes to show that they 're the only ones concerned about anything outside their own borders . 
  putting these two together it becomes apparent that solution number two is that nations other than the uk and france start investing in their military . 
  interoperability and cooperation through the eu or nato open doors that previously were shut for smaller nations . 
  that 's the problem unfortunately . 
  i see no possible way to make it fair in the eyes of both parties . 
  the best answer i could give would be a un run operation , with oversight from both the eu and russia . 
  but even if that were absolutely fair , i expect the losing side will cry foul play . 
  if we could ensure a transparent and fair referendum then i would support that 100 % . 
  ask the people of crimea what they want to be . 
  independent , ukrainian , russian . 
  let them decide and that 'll be the end of it . 
  if only . 
  in order to lighten the mood around the independence referendum some tv channel should stage connery vs. bowie in a televised debate .
