  if we all bump tax up to 80 % except for germany , who only goes to 75 % , then hey presto , germany is europe 's biggest tax haven !, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but showing solidarity with the people could be interpreted as being just as bias as he alleges , but on the other side . 
  though i would enjoy a bank executive or eu official stood outside holding a similar sign . 
  would that mean that some religions get more days off than others ? 
  in which case masses of complaints will happen until its evened up . 
  unless christians work on the two days of muslim holidays and muslims work on the two days of christian holidays . 
  i hope that the armed forces specialise in pocket sand . 
  i was wondering how it would affect salary payments to british soldiers on cyprus . 
  they have a choice of being paid in # in the uk or $ in cyprus . 
  obviously # always meant transferring over and incurring forex costs so if you 're cyprus based take it in $ . 
  but now that 's an awful idea . 
  and if they get sent back to the uk with a bank account in cyprus with all their savings in it , well , you know the problem they incur . 
  something makes me think the # 13m is to do with that problem . 
  but we wo n't be paying them in cash , will we ? 
  of course you have more pressing problems to worry about . 
  this just seemed like a good example of a logistical mess that these capital controls cause . 
  multiply by however many businesses operate in cyprus for some of your problems !, 
  then welcome aboard !, 
  we 'll sort your banking sector out , do n't you worry about that . 
  we have bail outs for you to contribute to now :d, 
  yeah there 's more chance that i 'm elected pm than clegg . 
  i just started listing opposition members . 
  farage wo n't come anywhere near either , despite his current progress . 
  i laugh in the face of danger . 
  edit : i should add there 's an element of sarcasm in what i said . 
  its also fitting given croatia 's unfortunate history of choosing what unions to join . 
  is there any chance that you will want an eu bailout before the end of 2013 ? 
  otherwise welcome aboard our sinking ship !, 
  its the same logic behind why so much of the world speaks english , french , or spanish . 
  the greeks and romans went to new lands and if there were people there they had graeco-roman culture forced upon them . 
  sounds familiar to britain , france , and spain ( and the rest ) forcing our cultures on the ` new world ' . 
  maybe its interesting that rome conquered britannia ( giving it latin terms ) , who then centuries later conquered australia ( giving it british and therefore latin terms ) . 
  it wo n't harm his chances at all . 
  the major stumbling blocks are time and david cameron . 
  cameron wants to remain pm beyond the next election , he 's made that perfectly clear . 
  this means boris needs cameron to become incredibly unpopular , which i seriously doubt . 
  consider how unpopular blair was when he resigned . 
  cameron wo n't be that way . 
  blair went downhill because of iraq , and we wo n't be invading anyone after lying to the population anytime soon . 
  that leaves us with time . 
  if cameron was pm in 2015 then boris could come in before 2020 ( ala gordon brown ) . 
  if its miliband or clegg then he 's waiting until 2020 minimum . 
  that 's 7 years to forget about this and for so much other stuff to happen . 
  either way he would need to see out his term or resign as london mayor , then be dropped into a tory mp seat to qualify him for pm , then become party leader all before the election even takes place . 
  during this time his future rivals ( most currently ministers ) will also be conspiring to undermine him so they can become party leader and maybe pm . 
  just another consequence of being ruled by the evil imperialists of great britain i guess ( who as eu members are ruled by the evil imperialist overlords of germany ) . 
  i would also query that cypriots are used to a significantly higher gdp than their maltese counterparts . 
  thus , although cyprus could ( over however many years it takes ) remodel their tourist industry like malta , they will still end up poorer than they have been . 
  plus they 'd be in direct competition with malta , which means both would likely end up worse off than malta currently is now . 
  fun times are a comin for cyprus . 
  maybe they can corner the market fo rich russian tourism seen as all the oligarchs already have homes there ( some have passports too ) !, 
  my apologies . 
  though i 'd like to think the building itself was upset at italy being allowed into the euro , as well as all its daily inhabitants . 
  any chance that putin 's orders are not as favourable as this article suggests ? 
  there are no quotes from russian bureaucrats saying that russia will now actively rework the deal to help cyprus , despite it being well known that russian businessman and companies are about to lose billions of $ . 
  i would think that 's likely to piss them off more than anything . 
  56,370 of them . 
  what is that tiny bastion of glory in the middle of africa ? 
  i notice plenty of dark red and grey , then a little nugget of success nearby congo . 
  is inequality non-existent there because its a warzone so everyone suffers loads ? 
  why is data never available for greenland ? 
  people live there and its not exactly north korea with the security . 
  give it time . 
  somewhere along the line it will be all your fault again . 
  do n't know where , do n't know how . 
  but rest assured that you will be held fully accountable ( in their eyes anyway ) . 
   rebuild your economy on tourism and exports how much of a disadvantage would not being in the $ be for cyprus for this though ? 
  the eurozone is wonderfully protectionist . 
  i could be wrong here . 
  yeah that was just some basic economic theory against minimum wage . 
  the eu obviously complicates the shit out of it . 
  go down the conversation , i was debating it for a while with one person . 
  he was very anti-minimum wage . 
   nigel farage , the leader of ukip , said on saturday that the unexpected success of his own party had shifted the debate on immigration . 
   `` if ukip had not taken on this immigration debate , the others would not be talking about it at all , '' he told his party conference . 
  that 's the only reason why this is happening , farage is absolutely correct . 
  i do n't agree with ukip but they are certainly having a pretty big effect on the political scene in britain . 
  this is nothing more than a negotiation tactic surely . 
  he knows perfectly well that his resignation at this point condemns cyprus to even more disaster . 
  he has a thankless task on his hands , but him quitting right now is much worse than anything that any result he can get from the negotiations . 
  we rely to heavily on it , but its big enough , sophisticated enough , and diverse enough that it would take ww3 to bring it down . 
  one thing commonly underestimated is the english legal system , which provides a clear advantage to london over pretty much any other financial sector on the planet . 
  our industrial sector is a fucking disaster zone though . 
  any government that can even half sort that out will remain in power for decades . 
   a large part of overseas funding is not anormal ( see sweden ) financial sectors are international these days , which means that money enters and exits them from throughout the world . 
  think london , new york , hk , singapore , frankfurt , wherever . 
  the cypriot financial centre exists on the premise of being international . 
  its favourable double tax treaty with russia means that it gets tons of money sent to it from russia , and that it is an intermediary for sending money into russia . 
  the problem here ( for the future ) , and this links to your second point , is that cyprus is over reliant on this one aspect . 
   tax avoidance yes , but was it really based around this and not just ... big banks ? 
  cyprus is n't in crisis because of tax avoidance , you 're very right about that . 
  general financial crisis , exposure to greek debt especially , poor government , and some accusations of inefficiency are the reasons why . 
  but the reason why cyprus is fucked going forward is largely to do with tax avoidance . 
  as in point one , the cypriot financial sector is over reliant on tax avoidance as a business . 
  nobody wants to bail out the rich tax avoider from russia , but if cyprus wanted to save its economy then it really has to bow down to these oligarchs . 
  whether the eu is letting it is another matter of course . 
   but it was no need to end in this terribly way which it will again , this could 've been averted if the eu was willing to bow down to russian businesses and oligarchs . 
  regardless of whether we agree or disagree with the morals of doing this , its these guys that hold the key to cyprus ' future . 
  and a 25 % reduction of their wealth is n't likely to make them want to save cyprus . 
  what i meant was that the cypriot banking system is n't normal in that the overwhelming majority of its funding comes from overseas , and is largely geared towards one activity ( tax avoidance in this case ) .
