  i do n't like . 
   moreover it appears that russian private jets have started arriving in larnaca airport . 
  my prediction : the levy is cancelled after a lobby group of extremely wealthy russian businessmen and oligarchs threaten to permanently withdraw their money from cyprus if it goes ahead . 
  the tax evaders avoid paying this tax , and ironically its for the benefit of us all . 
  the long-term consequences of losing their investment is far worse for cyprus than not taxing them this once . 
  not if argentina refuses to recognise the opinion of the falkland population . 
  and that my friend , is exactly what they are doing . 
  no the cypriots were earning money in a system their government created . 
  its not their fault the system benefitted them and they should n't be punished for the government 's failings there . 
  the eu was well aware of the low tax rates and high minimum tax threshold . 
  when this system is changed they will bear the burden of that , just like any other people bear the burden of tax rises . 
  but they should n't be punished for the failings of institutions they pay taxes to rely on . 
  maybe i misunderstood , but i do n't see why either of those will happen . 
  russian tax avoiders are n't going to move any money back to russia . 
  doing that would open all that money up to years and years of tax evasion . 
  it would be financial suicide . 
  russia taxes at a 20 % flat rate . 
  a one off payment of 9.99 % is much better than getting hit for several years of avoiding 20 % ( plus whatever interest / fines russian courts decide to put on top ) . 
  i do n't understand what greeks putting money in cyprus has to do with german banks . 
  sure the same greeks will now leave cypriot banks , but why go to germany ? 
  tax rates are higher and they are more financially and sophisticated at unearthing tax evasion . 
  big time tax evaders are financially savvy . 
  they are n't going to risk german tax efficiency . 
  all this money will go straight from cyprus to some other tax haven . 
   russian and german banks are the big winners the big winners are the next best tax haven . 
  latvia will do well from this ( tax haven with russian language capability ) , switzerland undoubtedly , the uk maybe ( we have loads of oligarchs anyway ) . 
  others include gibraltar , liechtenstein , belgium , netherlands , luxembourg , bvi , cayman , and more . 
  these people were n't paying taxes before , they are n't about to now . 
  get stung in one tax haven , move to another . 
  i guarantee this policy will never be implemented in belgium for instance . 
  you think all those high paid eu bureaucrats would decide to pay 9.99 % of their savings to help anyone ? 
  i do n't see what she 's expecting here other than failed publicity . 
  the pope , despite his nationality , surely can not say britain is wrong , the views of the falkland population count for nothing , they must be evicted from their home . 
  this is n't the medieval pope with a military capability we are talking about . 
  putin gains nothing from this tax going ahead . 
  he gets to look like russia 's strong man some more for protecting his citizens interests in trying to block it though . 
  he 's having a political field day . 
  i 'm sure some of the anti-putin voters will come back to him because of this . 
   saving cypriot banks could be more than gazprom might handle . 
  gazprom are n't known for their caring ways . 
  i do n't think they 'd even care after they 've paid the bailout money . 
  then the eu would be back to square one needing to bailout cyprus , except now gazprom has all the valuable resources . 
  the hawks are circling ... 
   or people will move their deposits/businesses out of cyprus to more tax-friendly environments . 
  as a result of that cyprus loses valuable tax revenue . 
  as a result of that , the cypriot government has to raise taxes to cover the lost amount , or drastically reduce public services . 
  massive amounts of decentralisation and devolution in the uk , in spain for the catalonians , germany for the bavarians ( and a whole lot more ) ... but all ruled by one eu . 
  imagine a europe wide 21st century holy roman empire ( minus the holy and the roman ) . 
  for fuck 's sake eurozone . 
  this will be a clusterfuck until its cancelled . 
  its only getting worse and worse . 
   * differentiated , growth-friendly fiscal consolidation . 
  cyprus was certainly the victim of a different style of fiscal consolidation . 
  they 're on target with that one for the moment ... 
   \u0399t was a eurogroup decision here to represent the uk . 
  george osborne would definitely do this to the poor . 
  no questions asked . 
  here he is at [ oxford , ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_uslkw6xkfoe/tqnn5epxqvi/aaaaaaaadpe/rtoxofvobm8/s1600/camerontorybullindon.jpg ) where he was allegedly mocked for not going to a posh enough private school ( he 's no. 1 on the far left ) . 
   the eu will not go far keeping this kind of double standards . 
  i see your point , but unfortunately this is wrong . 
  the eu has and always will have disparity in tax . 
  we 've known this since the eu 's inception , and since countries like cyprus joined . 
  the usa has delaware as a tax haven and they are a full union . 
  some sort of euro wide tax rate would never be accepted by member states ( let alone actually work given the economic disparity between member states ) . 
  and even if it did there would still be a shitload of issues given britain 's eu membership but not eurozone membership . 
  and beyond that you get to british overseas territories , which includes bvi , the world 's foremost corporate haven ( near 500,000 companies - though this is global companies , not just eu , and under 28,000 people ) and cayman , the 5th largest banking centre in the world . 
  unfortunately the eu is n't fair . 
  its a union with internal competition . 
  we work together on some things , share some wonderful benefits with one another , but compete in other things . 
  union brings new types of competition , and as ever , there are always losers . 
  that 's not meant to sound bitter/spiteful/patronising , its just how it is . 
  do both of those not work on a ` devo max ' type government ? 
  they are responsible for domestic matters , but the uk/denmark covers national security and some of the ` bigger issues ' per se ? 
  would shetlanders prefer to be independent scotland or non-scotland uk ? 
  i presume their most favoured would be scotland in the uk , but lets pretend that 's not on the cards . 
  i had no idea it cost so much . 
  you 're very right then , it changes everything . 
  according to [ this historical inflation calculator ] , # 1bn in 1980 is # 4.2 bn in 2012 . 
  it would n't cost that much , but it makes the point . 
  the snp would be your bitch . 
  i 'm english so i 'd rather you ( and scotland ) did n't go independent . 
  it would be an incredible sight to behold as shetland becomes the economic mecca of the 21st century . 
  is tavish scott actively pursuing this or just using it to swing the vote to pro-union ? 
  i remember reading the islanders were pro-union , but that could be bollocks for all i know . 
  if the oil is outside shetland 's legal rights ( assuming an independent shetland with its own national water boundaries etc. ), 
  then would n't shetland have zero claims to the oil if it separated from scotland ? 
  sullem voe counts for fuck all if its pumping oil from someone else 's territory . 
  if shetland does own the rights to the oil though , just sign export deals with scotland and the uk . 
  you 'd have the highest gdp per capita in the world by fucking miles . 
  22,000 shetlanders with over # 100m per year oil and over # 200m per year fishing . 
  plus whatever else you guys do . 
  it would be a thing of beauty . 
  [ where i got the numbers from . ], 
  this is good and it happens in every developed country including yours . 
  why should it be different for you ? 
  he might not want islander ` home rule ' , but would he prefer to be in the uk than in independent scotland . 
  if so this move is brilliant . 
  orkney and shetland are less than 50,000 people . 
  they could all vote pro-union and it make no difference . 
  through bluffing islander home rule they can successfully punch well above their population 's weight .
