  i agree with the composite solution re point 5 . 
  as we can not go from zero to federalism ( and maybe do n't ever want to ) , there will always be issues . 
  there will always be issues with federalism should it ever be achieved . 
  my criticism is the two sides seemingly are 1 ) no eu at all , and 2 ) significantly more integration to the point of federalism ( there has been multiple references supporting this recently by reding and schulz for instance ) . 
  no member state parliament operates like that . 
  they move back and forth , central and de-central , and both are ok . 
  whereas in brussels the pro-eu side oppose any transfer of powers back to the member states and the anti-eu side oppose any transfer of power to brussels . 
  its ridiculous and echoes everything that 's wrong with the us system . 
  i considered that , but its basically equating the value of switzerland to the value of the eu ( assuming we were the only country to oppose guillotine ) . 
  surely no matter how good british-swiss trade and relations are , the eu is just much more important . 
  its possible but i 'm not sure what it would achieve . 
  it might annoy brussels but it carries little value . 
  assuming the uk did it to help out switzerland , switzerland can not return the favour and veto something because switzerland is not in the eu in the first place . 
  the problem is you 've argued against sensationalist criticism of the eu by being somewhat sensationalist in your positive assumptions of it . 
  being more democratic than the arab league is n't a sign of a good democracy . 
  you offer point 5 as if the notion of a democratic deficit has never been suggested before . 
  i presume you agree that if the eurosceptics in the uk , france , italy , the netherlands , greece , cyprus and many more come to dominate the parliament and ultimately screw the union up , you will agree with that is correct because their elections are the result of `` a plethora of democracy unique in human history '' . 
  the eu is the right way forward , but there are certain core problems that need solving . 
  the structure of the eurozone is a mess , the democratic deficit is a genuine problem ( the sole right of initiative should not be with an institution made up on unelected individuals ) , the speed of expansion ( though extremely positive in helping to modernise former dictatorships as you say in point 7 ) is very much a case of too much too soon . 
  the problem , quite simply , is that both sides resort to sensationslism , which prevents a genuine debate about how to progress the european project , what is too much too soon , what we are ready for and what is an absolute necessity right now . 
  in 1914 who would you say is more powerful ? 
  in 1918 the usa had grown immensely powerful ( in part due to the devastation in europe ) , but the us still only maintained a tiny military ( the beginnings of the military-industrial complex ) . 
  there 's pros and cons to both . 
  birth means you get scots that have been outside scotland for 99 % of their lives ( a likely ` no ' vote ) , but also means only scots get to decide scotland 's future ( non-scots being more likely to vote ` no ' ) . 
  residency means you exclude the scots that have lived in england for 99 % of their lives ( beneficial to the ` yes ' campaign ) , but also means you include english , welsh and northern irish that live in scotland ( again non-scots are more likely to vote ` no ' ) . 
  the snp , no different to any political party ever , will have made their views based on political gains . 
  there 's nothing wrong or outlandish about that , its just politics . 
  nuclear weapons , one of the world 's foremost militaries , one of the world 's top economies , permanent sc member , major donor to international organisations , world 's foremost banking and financial centre ( ny is predominantly american business - its strength is tied to us power ) , one of the world 's most important central banks , a world leading diplomatic and soft power reach ( largely due to the empire , commonwealth , the eu and english language ) , the prevalence of common law in international business . 
  british power has obviously declined over the last 100 years , but 100 years ago britain ( the british empire ) was almost undoubtedly the world 's most powerful nation . 
  what nations do you believe have grown to be undoubtedly more powerful and why ? 
   on the global scene they are somewhat irrelevant i never understand why people think this . 
  britain maintains one of the world 's leading armies , is a nuclear power , a permanent security council member and one of the world 's largest donors to organisations like the un and icc . 
  london is the world 's banking centre , then bank of england is one of the world 's leading central banks ( note its importance in libor ) and diplomatically britain is one of , if not the , world 's foremost soft power nation . 
  the difference is empire 's disappearance made britain lose its hard power potential and clearly weakened its global reach ( the use of empire in ww1 and ww2 show this ) . 
  meanwhile china has grown into what it is and russia has remained exceptionally powerful despite the fall of the ussr . 
  do n't count on it . 
  * if the eu is weak then eurosceptics will say the eu is weak so we should represent ourselves . 
  * if the eu strong-arms switzerland the eurosceptics will make the usual brussels dictators type argument . 
  depends on what rules the government set and whether they can be arsed with the logistics . 
  i 'd expect them to be allowed because the government will almost certainly take a pro-eu stance . 
  non-residents are allowed to vote in general elections . 
  one way of doing this would be telling them to go to their local embassy/consulate . 
  by contrast , scottish people that live outside of scotland are ** not ** allowed to vote in the independence referendum . 
  whilst this was no doubt debated by westminster and holyrood , the snp were the winners of this decision as scots in england , wales and northern ireland most likely want scotland to remain in the uk . 
  job opportunity i guess . 
  i do n't understand why switzerland went through with this though . 
  it will be interesting to watch . 
  but what of the argument that some people are against immigration because it has directly hindered their job security and job opportunities . 
  people that are in no way racist , but whose line of work is typically done by low wage immigrants . 
  a separate problem these people have faced is that market saturation causes a freeze or decline in their wages . 
  not all people opposed to immigration are automatically racist . 
  some want immigration control for reasons that could not be further apart from racism . 
  as in spain and switzerland can presumably sign an immigration agreement that only specifies the visa requirements for spanish workers to emigrate to switzerland . 
  is there any legal reason why it would have to cover swiss workers coming to spain as well ? 
  has n't switzerland been rich since long before the single market ? 
  they will continue to trade with the eu , albeit with tariffs ( and that 's assuming zero ftas were pursued ) . 
  so you equate the opposition to immigration as being racist , but have no qualifications as to why ? 
  i realise this could go far beyond the free movement of peoples , but specifically within free movement of peoples , it seems there 's very little for switzerland to worry about . 
  the battle will presumably be in other areas , namely trade . 
  but what role could the eu possibly have in an agreement between switzerland and ( for example ) spain regarding migrants from spain being allowed access to switzerland ? 
  the other way around ( swiss -  spain ) maybe problematic due to open borders in the eu , but any agreement could simply avoid that . 
  i have no idea about how this has been publicised in switzerland prior to the vote . 
  but in many cases i 've met people that are pro-immigration controls and not at all racist . 
  they simply believed their job was more unstable ( and certainly its salary prospects ) as a result of immigration . 
  this was sometimes because they did a job typically taken by immigrants and often the result of misinformation , far from racism . 
  separately , i have been told further up the thread that the problem has been with french , german , italian and british migrants . 
  in the case of the first three , would you say there is a strong anti-french , german or italian feeling in a nation that speaks french , german and italian ? 
  so could the outcome of this be a restriction on germany , france , italy , britain and perhaps more of the typically high net worth migrant nations , and a continuation of the status quo for lower wage workers ( assuming the majority of east european migrants are lower wage rather than high net worth ) ? 
  surely the consequence of this re immigration is just a tightening of immigration controls . 
  one example could be germans , french , british , americans etc. 
  will still be able to work in switzerland , but romanians , bulgarians etc. 
  will not ( or will have much tougher controls placed on them ) . 
  in other words , much like when people talk about uk : eu trade if the uk quit , it wo n't disappear altogether , but will see certain barriers erected . 
  the no cherry picking is a relatively new thing though . 
  you 're very right there has historically been plenty of it . 
  the question has been whether a nation can defeat this new anti * a la carte * stance . 
   this outcome shows direct democracy should n't be applied to some areas of politics ( e.g. 
  foreign policy , taxes ) there would need to be a good argument behind what would probably be called * a la carte * direct democracy . 
  in highly technical areas i agree direct democracy maybe a bad idea , but is this one of those ? 
  why are the swiss people not good enough to vote on immigration , other than the result being not what a lot of people wanted ( evident in the narrow split ) ? 
  its nice that we can give you an equivalent to when your government shuts down for weeks on end , 
   not so much , it 's good to have them but losing them would not be that damaging overall ( while it would be extremely painful for them ) . 
  therein lies the question . 
  how painful would it be if switzerland went ahead with it . 
  would the eu severe ties and leave them to suffer ? 
  or would it recognise that eu or not , switzerland is european and right in the centre of the eu . 
  would ftas and other such agreements emerge that switzerland is actually happier with ? 
  i ca n't imagine the eu ever being so cut throat . 
  everything about it is designed to be soft power and to lack teeth . 
  not at all . 
  regarding greece and cyprus i 'm saying the eu 's influence was largely diluted because it was the member state finance ministers that met and discussed things , rather than the commission . 
  the ` punishments ' so to speak , are attributable to the member states themselves therefore ( hence the massive dislike of merkel that emerged in greece , rather than barroso or van rompuy ) . 
  i 'm saying we should 've punished france and germany much harder in the early 2000s . 
  no precedent was set ; they did as they wished and got away with it . 
   minus the zombies . 
  a crucial point . 
  i agree . 
  if switzerland is shown to be able to push the eu around i fully expect other nations will try . 
  britain in particular i think would be very excited to see the eu keel against the swiss . 
  it really would assist conservative plans to renegotiate terms .
