  fpda ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/five_power_defence_arrangements ) . 
  there 's even talk of [ an asian nato to fully secure this . 
  ] ( http://www.china.org.cn/opinion/2010-08/11/content_20687335.htm ) union is necessary , i 100 % agree . 
  but it does n't have to be political union , especially considering the hostile attitude 99 % of member states have towards that . 
  sure we have cultural similarities from a distant perspective , but there 's no need to play on that to create one ` super state ' out of 30 + smaller ones . 
  there 's no way the richer countries want to take on the debt of the poorer countries as their own . 
  sitting back , relaxing , and taking the interest payments given by athens and the rest will do just fine for the moment . 
  debt mutualisation should happen , as should fiscal union . 
  but that 's worse than the status quo for the non-bailed out . 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure he knew this ban was in existence prior to going fishing too . 
  how is farage able to get away with saying how hard he used to work in the city for 20 years ? 
  ukip supporters should hate bankers . 
  and 3 out of the 4 banks that nigel farage worked at ( as a banker no less ) went bankrupt or nearly went bankrupt . 
  drexel burnham was forced into bankruptcy . 
  credit lyonnais almost went bankrupt . 
  refco went bankrupt . 
  and natixis are ok ( though they did give bernie madoff $ 600m ) . 
  and ukip 's economic policy has a [ # 120bn black hole in it , ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2013/may/03/ukip-immigration-policy-under-review ) so it certainly seems like he 's trying to bring his financier skills to parliament . 
  the problem is way more complex than that . 
  as a starter , nations have different economic models and beliefs in how they should be run . 
  simple things like banking secrecy , for many an obvous bad thing , caused uproar from austria ( who profit from it ) . 
  then , other simple things like debates over higher vs. lower tax rates and how 30 % for some nations is a lot , but for others it is not . 
  finding a common tax rate would be impossible . 
  perhaps different rates could be allowed , but then over-arching laws regarding subsidiaries having to be registered in the place of business . 
  that would help remove common tax avoidance mechanisms , but is inefficient and would encounter mass objection by reducing the income of many european countries . 
  it also creates issues because , unfortunately , some countries are wholly reliant on low tax models and loopholes . 
  forcing ireland to adopt german level tax rates would ruin ireland . 
  similarly , governments know exactly what they 're doing by constructing low tax rates for some things and higher ones for others . 
  [ check out this who 's who of companies using ireland 's particular constructs , not to mention the reported profits of these companies . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/double_irish_arrangement#companies_using_the_arrangement ), 
   hard-up irish male students this quality will certainly make them better prostitutes . 
  [ share cultural identity and history with your immediate neighbours . 
  ] ( http://andrewgelman.com/2007/05/30/eurovision_and/ ) remember how the yugoslav nations do n't get along ? 
  well when serbia won in 2007 they got top points from bosnia-herzegovina , croatia , macedonia , montenegro and slovenia . 
  [ so make sure to play up to those cultural similarities and history . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2007/05/22/opinion/22watts.html?_r=0 ), 
  [ heathrow airport holdings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heathrow_airport_holdings ) are the owners of four uk airports including london heathrow . 
  they have a mixture of important shareholders including the singapore government and the quebec pension fund . 
  i do n't understand why the british government ever privatised it ( apart from that we love privatising profitable industries ) because it would be making very good income for the british government . 
  we should 've run it through a sovereign wealth type fund rather than letting other nations run it through theirs . 
  so this is your plan is it !, 
  with no google street view we wo n't be able to see the anschluss coming . 
  nice try germany , i 'm onto you . 
  ( was that quick enough austrian flaming ? 
  i would never have expected to find a glasgow born republican . 
  there truly is a first time for everything . 
  i presume via living in ireland you 'll know more about what types of people are leaving . 
  everything implied to me it was well qualified people that would do things like # 30-40k a year it type work , rather than the lower end # 10-20k builders and retail workers ? 
  those polish people were n't coming over to do highly qualified and highly skilled jobs ( that 's a different thing entirely , although also obviously a consequence of free movement ) . 
  irish people were n't leaving ireland when the times were good because there were plenty of highly qualified well paying jobs for them . 
  in ireland especially given all the inward investment from us companies . 
  now those jobs are the ones that are n't there anymore , and unsurprisingly the irish have chosen to emigrate to find similar work elsewhere rather than stay at home and compete with the polish for physical labour work . 
  tl ; dr this is why they call it a ` brain drain ' . 
  this is quite sadly the point of the freedom of movement in the eu . 
  the best workers will always , and are now encouraged to , go wherever the best jobs are . 
  i support the idea of free movement entirely , this is just a sad consequence of it . 
  opinions aside , i detest the smugness of niall ferguson . 
  i 'd be interest to know people 's opinions on his facts about european unemployment , equity markets , and his lauding of nato over the eu in foreign policy . 
  considering the amount of money the eu haemorrhages to these farmers to keep them in business they might as well tell them what to plant . 
  / joke . 
  they could turn the ropes upside down and make it : * europe : its all unravelling . 
  i 'll support anyone or anything if they give me a public holiday for it !, 
  i 've always wondered why a politician has n't tried to use them for easy popularity . 
  not made up bull shit holidays , but if they said something like 11 november in the uk was a bank holiday then people would n't object . 
  but that is all dependent on what the time parameters are for each country , and how each country is doing with regards to that . 
  these powers surely do n't apply to the uk and denmark , but only those that joined after the $ was introduced . 
  the sort of process you outline would take several years at the minimum , probably well over a decade ( considering some states that joined in 2004 still have n't adopted the $ , and that 's 9 years ago ) . 
  if over 10 years after the eurocrisis ( and with the $ performing strongly ) these nations still do n't want $ membership then there is something fundamentally wrong with the currency . 
  at least we finally are a leading voice in europe ... 
  this is part of the reason their election is going to bring in a national minimum wage . 
  theoretically the ` mini jobs ' mean near full employment and thus minimal unemployment benefit . 
  one of the realities of it ( there are more positive aspects , i 'm just outlining a negative ) , is that companies offer tiny salaries to employees , knowing that the state will subsidise that salary up to a ` liveable standard ' . 
  i can think of no article in the eu treaties where the commission even comes close to having such power . 
  they could advocate nations joining the euro as much as they want , but they ca n't throw ultimatums at nations . 
  so the final hearing is may 13 , but we all know he 's never ever going to jail . 
  in which case what gives ? 
  ah , my bad . 
  i saw it on google maps , but presumed it was a toll road . 
  hopefully my edit will disguise my mistakes ... 
  environmentalism is only environmentalism when the eu is doing it . 
  anybody else and its not allowed . 
  protectionism is only fair when the eu is doing it . 
  anybody else and its unfair . 
  actual reason : european jobs  renewable energy . 
  ... and onto the next appeal ... 
  such investments between big cities like barcelona and valencia is a stupid decision for so many reasons . 
  the first thing i thought was that such a road would increase trade and travel between the two cities , which is good for the entirety of spain . 
  on a cultural level too ( assuming the spanish government wants to make everyone feel spanish first , then catalan , basque etc. 
  second , then this would also help . 
  it allows people to visit the each other much easier and thus become one . 
  to be honest i agree with you . 
  though i 'd say it depends on the status of the catalan issue and what sort of parallels are being drawn between the two ( which varies depending on internal issues ) . 
  the fishing industry might be big , but catalonia is definitely more important to spain than fishing off the coast of dundee and aberdeen . 
  cyprus and greece also do not recognise kosovo ( due to turkish cyprus i believe ) , though they have n't said anything about vetoing scotland . 
  cyprus agreed with spain that scotland does not get automatic entry , but nothing more . 
  how easy are efta agreements ? 
  i wonder since the uk 's position on europe is basically that it should be the single market and nothing more , it seems ideal for the uk . 
  however the eu is pretty adamant that the uk receiving a norway/switzerland approach is not allowed . 
  my thinking is that the uk would benefit massively from efta , which would diminish the commitment other nations ( i.e. 
  the not so pro-eu ones ) have towards brussels .
