  in 2007 we were enjoying a boom and the young generation were all set to be the luckiest generation of all time . 
  now we are in crisis , have been for several years , and that same generation are now often referred to as a `` lost generation '' . 
  i 'm not saying bin the union . 
  rather , what 's wrong with taking one step back , then when things are settled again , taking a step forward again . 
  ` ever closer union ' does n't allow that . 
  talk of rethinking some things , even tiny things , has come from cameron , rutte and merkel to name three . 
  just because its been an ever closer union since its founding does n't mean it has to stay that way forever . 
  treaty change should n't be easy , but people should n't think of them as inviable . 
  that evidently causes a lot of problems in the us where certain sectors have assumed something that made sense in 1776 still makes sense in 2014 . 
  the europe of the 1950s and 2010s are two different places . 
  the current state of play in europe shows the uk to be the leading sceptic but by no means the only one ( as so much of the media , especially our own , like to profess ) . 
   the eu has been an `` ever closer union '' since its founding . 
  there 's no reason why this can not change though , and the eu become a union that takes two steps forward and one step back . 
  i 'm not opposed to closer union , my problem is that its a one-way street and with blanket refusal to consider that some things might be better at national level that are currently at eu level ( just as we consider what is better at eu level then make it happen ) . 
   the eu will be a federal union of some sort or not at all , it will never be just a free trade zone . 
  i agree with and support the second part . 
  but , much like i referenced above , why does it have to be something federal or nothing at all ? 
  both pro and sceptic seem determined to have this polarisation and its this that causes so much of the controversy that plagues the eu . 
   it 's a great time to live and thrive in iceland !, 
  and yet so often i encounter people who love to tell the story of how iceland dealt with the banks as if you are now some sort of utopia . 
  it will certainly come down also to who is better at negotiating and what state the uk and eu economies are in . 
   the eu would n't survive such a phenomenon i think the `` ever closer union '' eu would n't survive such a phenomenon . 
  the eu itself certainly would , its just a matter of whether the core of hardened federalists could stomach it . 
  we really need a national breakdown for this for it to mean anything ( unless you 're opposed to all eu immigrants ) . 
  i remember not long ago people were excited at the thought of london stealing french high earners . 
  i also do n't imagine people would be too opposed to immigrants coming from germany , denmark , sweden etc. 
  obviously the outcome of this should be vitali vs. valuev . 
  winner gets crimea . 
  i expect a selection of small things at best . 
  like opting out of certain pieces of legislation that will allow the eurozone to integrate further but wo n't simultaneously harm the uk or create the negative two-speed europe . 
  denmark , ireland , poland , sweden and the uk all have opt-outs of different things . 
  and euroscepticism has grown substantially in many of the eu nations , which could help these small victories . 
  more importantly , this whole renegotiation exercise will serve to bring the uk back into the eu fold for a generation at least . 
  once ( and if ) a vote to remain in the eu is returned in 2017 , the best course of action is to assume the strong position merkel talks about . 
   well , no , i was really making a statement about the control of the level of integration and the direction of the eu in that respect . 
  those things are in the hands of the member states only . 
  again , not necessarily . 
  take the eurocrisis for example : the crisis has caused further integration of the eurozone . 
  the decision to integrate was taken by finance ministers and signed by them , in a literal sense . 
  very much their control . 
  ** however , ** the timing of this integration , i.e. 
  during the crisis and as a direct result of the crisis , was not in the hands of the member states . 
  that was dictated by the crisis happening when it did . 
  look at it from the opposite side . 
  would the eurozone have undergone the integrative measures it has between 2008-2013 had the crisis never have happened ( i.e. 
  if the boom years were still happening ) ? 
   again , no , because again the commission has no power over the treaties . 
  the eu treaties are in the hands of the member states only . 
  then it would be a giant fuck you to the member state populations by the member state governments if they decide democracy in the eu ( i.e. 
  the parliament ) is a waste of time as soon as the people deliver meps that the member state government 's disagree with . 
   the eu is exactly under the control of the national governments you 're touching the surface of a giant debate on european integration that , in truth , there is no definitive answer to . 
  member state governments are very powerful , but so are the commission and parliament . 
  of course the power share differs from policy area to policy area . 
  out of curiosity , do you think every nation in the world is racist because they all have immigration controls ? 
  non-eu citizens face immigration requirements to work in the eu . 
  does this mean the eu is a racist organisation ? 
  it is possible to want to limit immigration and not be a racist . 
   if the national governments found a eurosceptic parliament to be preventing the work of the eu , then they could rewrite the treaties to reduce the powers of the parliament . 
  if the treaties were passed by the member state parliaments , that would be that . 
  this would n't happen as it would be taken for what it is , a giant fuck you to anyone that wants to see reform in the eu . 
  it would be the commission , already criticised for being unelected , deciding that democracy is n't worth it when it elects people that oppose their views . 
  the council would have trouble too because if the people voted eurosceptic meps in , its likely they wo n't take too kindly to their member state government 's circumventing that to further integrate europe , the polar opposite of what the people voted for . 
  to try and give a brief example , imagine how the uk people would react if ukip won the european elections then the tories said we 're 100 % pro integration lets acquiesce some more powers to brussels . 
  we saw quite clearly in 1962 how the us feels about russian missiles in cuba . 
  its a very good point . 
   i do n't know why but that has stopped entirely . 
  i think british tv has too much of a reality tv feel . 
  i agree completely with this and it annoys me . 
  rather than make good television we now seem to focus so heavily on reality . 
  our press annoys me for the same reason . 
  instead of focusing on good journalism , our mainstream media , financial times aside , is so heavily biased towards celebrity stories . 
  balkanisation means fragmentation then hostile relations . 
  if scotland went independent i fully expect uk-scottish relations to be exceptionally strong . 
  i agree , the only issue being crimea is not connected to russia , so its a sort of kaliningrad ii . 
  a bridge over the kerch strait would be needed to make the connection physical . 
  otherwise the peninsula would be isolated and only bordering ukraine ( like alaska and canada , except us-canadian relations are 100x better than ukrainian-russian relations ) . 
   small countries get twice as many votes in the ep than bigger states except malta has 5 meps and germany 99 . 
  so regardless of how many maltese per mep ( about 80,000 ) vs. how many germans per mep ( about 800,000 ) , germany remains overwhelmingly dominant . 
  apportionment by the way is a good idea , but you 're overextending its power quite a lot . 
  if only they could be !, 
  it seems as though the pro-eu factions are determined on integration and not one step back in the process . 
  the sceptics on the other hand want to dismantle everything and oppose all further integration in the meantime . 
  surely a middle-ground exists where an eu most people want can be built . 
  only if this `` revival '' is for further integration . 
  if they wanted to discuss realignment and reform within the eu then the uk would be centrally involved . 
  i live in holland . 
  by and large its not in the news at all . 
  a ` yes ' would change that and maybe it will begin to come up much nearer the date . 
  but as of right now , nada . 
   16.5 % of british mep that do nothing translates in a reduced uk influence inside the ep . 
  add to that the tories moved further right within the ep and effectively isolated themselves . 
  so ukip do nothing and the tories ca n't do anything . 
  no wonder the uk sucks at eu politics . 
  we 'd probably like it more if only our politicians actually did something there instead of moaning about everything . 
   we have to compare the eu with existing regional organisations the eu is an entirely different organisation to the arab league though . 
  it is n't pursuing a federal arab state . 
  so the eu being more democratic is n't a worthwhile comparison . 
  separately , your argument was that the eu is wonderfully democratic because its member states are democratic . 
  that 's great , but being more democratic than the arab league member states counts for nothing . 
  its no great achievement to be more democratic than the saudis .
