  basically , if britain had capitulated then ww2 would be very very different . 
  make of that what you will , i 'm just outlining the argument of the time . 
   i 'm a bit afraid that this thing was pushed only to leave the impression that the government is doing something about the financial industry . 
  that 's my fear for the majority of things being introduced . 
  blaming bankers is cannon fodder for politicians and stinks of populism . 
  i question the limits on bankers bonuses for the same reason . 
  sure it sounds nice , but it has no bearing on their risk aversion , which is what it is being justified as . 
  those that make the most will get the biggest bonus . 
  whether they do that by being overly risky or being fantastic at their job is not covered in that legislation . 
  for the record i 'm all for placing effective regulation and taxation on this industry where relevant . 
  i just do n't think it is relevant . 
  all we 've done is decided they make too much money , and concluded that them making less means no more financial crisis . 
  by the end of the war in europe soviet soldiers had a 4:1 advantage , and in tanks a 2:1 advantage . 
  the land war would have been disastrous . 
  the game changer is nuclear weapons , but i do n't know how quickly these could be produced or deployed over russia . 
   like most of europe , greece was a beneficiary of the marshall plan . 
  the sums were so large they replaced the money due from germany and more . 
  in effect , washington paid berlin 's debt . 
  greece was the first beneficiary of the marshall plan , alongside turkey . 
  there are necessary talks to be had on germany 's hypocritical position ( i.e. 
  greece saying germany should cancel some of greece 's debts , much like the allies cancelled german debts ) . 
  but arguments that greece deserves the money to be repaid because it never was are defeated by the quoted paragraph . 
  the us covered the greek losses incurred from occupation . 
  so the greek economy has been compensated for that and was given ample opportunity to recover . 
  out of curiosity do you think operation unthinkable would have been a success ? 
  its the eternal problem of invading russia . 
  the allies ( ussr excluded ) would have to advance from ( in this case ) the east/west german border through central and eastern europe into russia , then through russia to at least moscow/st petersburg , and all between may 1945 and whenever the winter began that year . 
  of course the advantage of nuclear bombs may help that , but that 's of course presuming the allies would be happy nuking everything that stands between them and russia . 
  not to mention making these nukes , the first two america had were reserved for japan . 
  edited . 
  thank you germany for correcting me , a british person , about this speech by mr churchill . 
  i know , i was simply alluding to the thought that after winning ww2 you 'd think britain would have happily reelected him for exactly that reason . 
  interestingly , the 1951 election saw labour win more votes that the tories and their national liberal allies combined . 
  it is the most votes the labour party have ever received . 
  but they lost . 
  its one of the few examples of the most popular party losing the election . 
  as a british person i would say the ` best ' , or at least most noteworthy would be ` we shall fight on the beaches ' . 
  it came at a low point in the war for britain and when it expected a land invasion . 
  that one , ` this was their finest hour ' and ' i have nothing to offer ' ( the one on the # 5 note ) came within a few months of one another , so are sort of a set . 
  cliche honourable mention : `` i may be drunk , miss , but in the morning i will be sober and you will still be ugly . '', 
  imo you 're absolutely right . 
  within britain he was relatively unpopular before ww2 , amazing during ww2 , then we kicked him out immediately after ( you 'd think winning ww2 would be enough to secure a second term - apparently not ) . 
  churchill 's positives are obvious . 
  but , there were negatives . 
  he was racist . 
  he opposed decolonisation . 
  dresden is controversial to this day . 
  he wanted to invade the soviet union in 1945 ( operation unthinkable ) . 
  the controversy of the iron curtain speech . 
  how is eireann pronounced ? 
  the way i just read it made it sound very similar to iran . 
  that can be the next annoying thing for you , kind of like budapest and bucharest . 
  right wing . 
  very eu sceptic . 
  they are in bed with both the tories and ukip for this reason . 
  the comments section is massively ukip though . 
  you joke , but i bet the daily mail has a story covering this in under 24 hours , and the comments read something like `` this is typical of the eu . 
  vote ukip to save this country '' . 
  i hope all of those are one big story : a gay person living in the forest due to austerity was raped and got pregnant , but wants an abortion . 
  problem is all the abortion equipment comes from the usa , which makes is massively expensive to import without a free trade deal . 
  edit : in response to your additions , part 2 : then thatcher died . 
  with her no longer around ireland stopped going after free market trade deals , and as a result there was imports and hence no abortion . 
  consequently , the pregnant raped gay person sadly committed suicide :( an investigation concluded this girl was not educated on how to deal with such horrors properly from a young age , so primary schools have handed over power to the government to make them better . 
  good thinking !, 
  stupid romanians and bulgarians . 
  now they are n't going to come here and do all the jobs we charitable brits created for them . 
  now our economy will tank some more . 
  how dare they betray us like this ? 
  thanks romania and bulgaria . 
  thanks a lot . 
  great . 
  now who are we going to blame everything on . 
  stupid romanians and bulgarians not coming over here and taking our jobs . 
  now we need a new scapegoat for our terrible economy . 
  thanks romania and bulgaria . 
  thanks a lot . 
  does this mean if georgian separatists attack the usa in the coming future they might invade themselves ? 
  actually if ireland does allow abortions then we could say the policies regarding your hole have just become a hell of a lot more liberal ( assuming you are female ) !, 
   we still do not know what ` recommendations ' the anti-money laundering audit being carried out by moneyval and deloitte will eventually come up with and how these could adversely impact on the economy . 
  the opposite of this sentence is how pro-money laundering recommendations could have a positive impact on the economy . 
  the cyprus mail should maybe ask questions of why an economy was built on these foundations . 
   she should have consulted someone before making a big decision like that . 
  `` this lady 's not for turning '' - consulting people was n't her thing . 
  she made her decision and stuck to it . 
  her death is thatcherism through and through . 
  yeah belgium is a [ corporate tax haven . 
  ] ( https://www.henleyglobal.com/media-amp-events/press-articles/belgium-a-tax-haven/ ) criticisms of tax havens from the eu member states are quite annoying in this respect . 
  nations with low corporate taxes criticise those with low income tax and vice-versa . 
  this coming from a smart arsed brit eh !, 
  you 're right !, 
  i remember stories of people shifting money from cyprus to latvia recently . 
  in they go . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'd question whether anything will come of it , but nobody can blame merkel for making these propositions . 
  that said , in addition to the bots , there 's still andorra , austria , belgium , campione d'italia , curacao , cyprus , ireland , latvia , liechtenstein , luxembourg , netherlands , monaco , san marino , and switzerland . 
  a couple of those are not eu , which makes it problematic , but something can still be done i would imagine . 
  am i missing any ? 
  edit : added latvia . 
  might as well also add that unless europe has a common tax rate there will always be ` tax havens ' . 
  it will just be the area with the lowest rate .
