  on the contrary . 
  with juncker facing plenty of opposition , what mandate he had is reduced even more . 
  he has more of a reason to compromise as a result of what has happened than if nobody had objected to him . 
   instead , cameron has turned juncker into a symbol , and got into a fight for which he is utterly unprepared . 
  this i do not doubt . 
  that makes no sense . 
  you argue that cameron refuses to name thorning-schmidt , because if she went to brussels , then a eurosceptic coalition could come to power in denmark , therefore  adding a significant ally for cameron in the council why would cameron oppose a situation that gives him a strong ally ? 
  surely he 's all in favour of that ? 
   except that this is not about juncker , it is about electing the future president of the commission cameron is opposing juncker , not opposing the office of the commission president . 
  this is about juncker . 
   somebody has to be elected . 
  there is a reason for not proposing alternatives yet . 
  the ep has made clear it will object to everyone but juncker . 
  for that reason its a bad idea to propose alternatives right now . 
  the most ideal solution is for cameron and his allies that are also sceptical of or oppose juncker to cause juncker to withdraw his candidacy ( through a sustained opposition ) . 
  that means the ep can no longer oppose everyone except juncker , because juncker is no longer in the race ( if he withdraws ) . 
   by limiting its reaction to a purely spoiling one , the british government is cementing its reputation as petulant obstructionists . 
  hyperbole aside , this is a case of when it is best to release your preferred candidate . 
  very likely have reasons not to release a name yet , and that person also has reasons to not be named yet . 
  that is ep opposition to everything else . 
  one could argue their unwillingness to compromise ( juncker 's candidacy is ep backed . 
  it is not european law ) is also nothing but obstructionism . 
   nope . 
  there are as many choices as there are eu citizens . 
  with respect to juncker , there 's two . 
  elect or do n't . 
  that 's what i was talking about . 
  beyond him , yes , there 's a number of potentials . 
  thorning-schmidt is one , as you say . 
   her main rivals in danish politics happen to be the danish people 's party , which embarrassingly happen to be tory allies in the european parliament . 
  to me it makes sense that cameron has not spoke in favour of thorning-schmidt if her main rivals domestically are cameron 's main allies in the ep ? 
   netherlands has nothing against jean-claude juncker , the candidate of the european parliament for the presidency of the european commission . 
  that does not mean that the netherlands supports his candidacy , said prime minister mark rutte ( vvd ) friday at his weekly press conference . 
  read on . 
  rutte has nothing personal against juncker , much like cameron . 
  but that does not mean rutte supports his candidacy for commission president . 
  i think its both to britain 's credit and disadvantage that the uk often voices such vocal opposition . 
  the breakdown is very clear . 
  on the one hand , hold very public debates about these issues , which is excellent . 
  on the other hand , it allows other opposing nations to hide behind the british to an extent . 
  that is plain as day in this subreddit , such as in the post i was responding to . 
  despite a multi-national opposition to juncker , the uk is portrayed as the sole objector . 
  it was the same with other major things , e.g. 
  the budget negotiations last year . 
   you talk as if there is only one british , swedish , dutch , hungarians opinion . 
  but there are many different opinions in all those countries . 
  of course there are many opinions . 
  i am using the voice of the government leader , because in this instance it is government leaders opposing juncker . 
   that exactly is the advantage by giving the ep a say . 
  in european elections every single citizen can voice his opinion , while in the european council there are just prime ministers claiming to talk for the whole population of their country . 
  that is correct . 
  i have not disputed it . 
   now tell me which modell is more democratic and gives you more influence as a citizen ? 
  once again , i have not commented or voiced opinion on this . 
  i 'm just pointing out that the opposition is more than just the british government . 
   you ca n't compare the swedes and the dutch not liking juncker to uk pretty much threatening to leave the eu if the guy ever gets elected there 's two choices . 
  elect junker or do not elect juncker . 
  in that respect , yes you can compare the uk with the swedes , dutch , hungarians and whoever else opposes him ( do the italians ? 
  renzi wants reform but i do n't know if he opposes juncker as the man to do it ) . 
  `` quality of healthcare '' is a broad stroke applying to everything , which makes it a bad indicator . 
  for example , you ca n't have quality healthcare that is ineffective , quality healthcare that is unsafe or quality healthcare that is not patient centred . 
  on the other hand , if you are shown to be safe , patient-centred and effective , the sum of that is healthcare of a very high quality . 
  it is also possible to satisfy some but not all of these . 
  for instance , healthcare could be very safe , but not very effective , or very effective but not very patient-centred . 
   the whole of europe ca n't be held ransom to the uninformed impressions of the british population at least accept the british are not alone in their opposition to juncker becoming commission president . 
  the discussion is about prostitution and you posted a quote by a club owner as evidence of how prostitutes make loads of money compared to non-skilled workers . 
  and yes , an article from the us . 
  in total , an article from the us ( prostitution illegal ) showing that prostitutes make poor money and an article from the netherlands ( prostitution legal ) showing the exact same . 
  a separate seemingly unavoidable correlation ( it sources from a un report ) says the netherlands is the top destination for [ human trafficking . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prostitution_in_the_netherlands#human_trafficking ) also note later articles saying trafficking there is increasing and in relation to the women being trafficked , [ `` all were forced into prostitution . 
  '' ] ( http://www.expatica.com/nl/news/local_news/increase-in-human-trafficking-in-netherlands_49349.html ), 
   so posting this article as evidence that prostitutes do n't earn a lot of money is really dishonest in my opinion . 
  the quote you 've taken is from a club owner , not a prostitute . 
  incorrectly attributing a quote is dishonest , espcially as prostitutes make nowhere near the same money . 
  here 's a quote from a prostitute :  on a `` good day '' she sees six clients but sometimes only one -- at 50 euros per visitor not enough to cover her half of the 150 euro daily rent . 
  `` but i ca n't do it for 20 or 30 euros like some of the others . 
  that is not money . '', 
   of course it was bad in 2009 when a lot of industries had problems with the crisis . 
  here 's an article from [ 2014 . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/united-states/21599351-laying-bare-supply-and-demand-oldest-profession-sex-lies-and-statistics ) regarding the boom and pre-crisis years of 2003-2007 :  in five out of seven cities , the underground sex industry shrank between 2003 and 2007 , the study found . 
  ( in one place , kansas city , missouri , there was not enough evidence to decide . ), 
  in washington , dc , takings fell by 34 % . 
  also note other problems that arise in prostitution significantly more so than other industries , for example violence ( both from the 2014 link ) :  36 % nonetheless report that some clients were violent or abusive . 
  and violence from the employer :  about 15 % admitted to beating up their staff . 
   since there is lot and lots of money to be made , some may want to quit ( maybe because they want to have a family ) and do n't know if they can work a job for 1/10th of the money . 
  the average prostitute almost certainly does not make lots and lots of money though . 
  an australian newspaper covered [ exactly this . 
  ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/travel/travel-essentials/travel-news/redlight-district-hit-as-tourists-become-tightfisted-20090601-bsi8.html ), 
   i expect that there are plenty of people willingly but unhappily selling themselves , same as with any other job . 
  but are the downsides to being an unhappy accountant or salesman the same as being an unhappy prostitute ? 
  the trauma and consequences , both mental and physical , that is caused by the unhappiness and the job itself ? 
  not to mention the stigma that being a prostitute elicits ( regardless of happiness ) , versus what being an accountant or salesman elicts . 
  the point is , prostitution can not be compared to a normal job . 
  considering the initial suggestion was this was a cold war , i 'd say yes , giving your enemy $ 15.8 billion a year is a pretty massive amount . 
  that its tiny by comparison to us gdp is another question altogether . 
  the us trade deficit with the eu ( including germany , uk , france , netherlands , italy etc. ), 
  is $ 76.3 billion . 
  so relatively speaking , the russian deficit is pretty big . 
   when ashton led negotiations with iran , the bbc just wanted kerry 's soundbite i would guess that is because the usa was the undisputed major player in the iran negotiations . 
  that 's because it is nothing close to a cold war .
