   going against russia proper would be seen as a political act from russia and this has been my argument ever since the very beginning . 
  if an eu member state court helps confiscate some russian state property ( regardless of whether they are legally obliged to ) , that will be seen as provocation by the russian state . 
  possibly eliciting a response from the russian state . 
   welcome to politics & real life . 
  where everything is a weapon and will be used against you if you attack people . 
  yup , we 're all that petty . 
   you 're free to go enjoy putin 's freedom & democracy you see the contradiction in what you 're saying here ? 
  eu corruption ok , russian corruption evil ? 
   do n't forget that he 's still thinking about reinstating exit visa ( in russia ) , so if you change your mind after that , do it quickly . 
  i 'm from the uk , i live in the netherlands . 
  so unless there 's an invasion this morning that i missed , pretty sure i 'm ok without the exit visa ( thankfully ) . 
   i highly doubt anyone is going to tell me nor that i would ask such details which are most likely none of my business , if i dare say so . 
  ;-) that 's such a shitty get out . 
  how would anyone go about influencing the outcome of a court case ? 
  not to mention an international one !, 
  bribing judges ? 
  threatening them ? 
  is that your argument , that the eu threatens and bribes judges ? 
   yes , reacting against the russian invading our border and neighbors/friends is clearly worthy of staline , the red devil himself in the flesh . 
  influencing the outcome of international court cases . 
  cases that have nothing whatsoever to do with current on goings between russia and ukraine . 
  yes , if the european union is acting to influence the outcome of those courts , which exists based on their being unbiased , fair and just , then that is a stalinist level corruption . 
  i 'm not the one making the accusations . 
  i think it is a court that is unbiased and i think the judgement was based on the illegality of the actions taken years ago by the russian state . 
  how do you think the eu influenced the outcome of this case ? 
  as in , on a practical level , how ? 
   yes , that 's exactly what happens . 
  uk courts can seize russia 's property in the uk . 
  i know . 
  the point is whether any nation wants to escalate like that . 
  given how much effort it has taken to get us to where we are now in ukrainian sanctions , do you really see the german or italian courts seizing the state assets of the russian government that happen to be in germany or italy ? 
  i do n't dispute any of what you 've said legally . 
  i fully understand and agree with it . 
  its the practical side of it that i 'm arguing against . 
  saying and doing are two very different things . 
  surely you 've come to realise that , especially where it concerns the european union doing anything against the russian federation ? 
   it 's bigger than the comission , `` eu '' proper or states themselves . 
  also real players frequently do n't like naming themselves and use proxies at every levels . 
  so its a conspiracy theory accusation ? 
  its the eu , or individuals within it ( presumably ordered by someone at the eu - much like spying from the nsa is ultimately ordered by someone ) that you are accusing of influencing the outcome of international courts . 
  what does that make the eu ? 
  it is an institution that , under your accusation , illegally influence the outcome of international courts . 
  i personally am pro-eu . 
  if the eu is to be influencing courts in what is a stalinist level action , fuck that noise . 
  even farage does n't manage those kind of accusations . 
   tell me about the usa are definitely not trying to take a hold over assange or snowden the usa has an arrest warrant out on snowden and europe does on assange . 
  what they did was absolutely 100 % in the public interest , but it did break the law as they revealed confidential secrets . 
  the only reason they have n't been extradited ( other than russia and ecuador playing politics ) is because what he did was so overwhelmingly in the public interest . 
  legally speaking , its a cut and dry guilty verdict for both ( and i 'm not arguing against them in saying that , its commonly known ) . 
   buddy , meet the agencies ( cia , nsa , ... ) :p while they sometime try to enforce some vague degree of relative morality , i do n't think they actually give a shit about `` legality '' . 
  so the eu is no better than the nsa is your line of argument ? 
  i 'd like to dispute that . 
  it certainly casts the eu in a very interesting light though given all the bull shit complaining they 've been doing if you were correct . 
   that 's not how it works . 
  i am fully aware . 
  i make the point to highlight this does n't function like a normal case . 
   like people who you owe money to go about it . 
  they let the court seize your bank accounts , your properties , ships , etc. 
  right , but who ? 
  create an example . 
  * does a former yukos shareholder enlist the help of the russian courts to seize russian government property ? 
  obviously not . 
  * does a former yukos shareholder enlist the help of a foreign court to seize russian government property in that country ( e.g. 
  uk courts in the uk ) ? 
  again , no . 
  building on the second of those examples , that would mean the uk courts sending people to the russian ambassadors residence ( if that is the asset in question ) to seize it on behalf of said yukos shareholder . 
  whether legally correct or not , that would cause a diplomatic incident . 
  the russian government would respond to that , blaming the state whose court system made this happen . 
  legally it works , practically it does not . 
  and consider the position of the yukos shareholder . 
  that person is not going to be welcome in russia , for quite obvious reasons . 
  if they are not already in a state of exile , they soon will be . 
  is it in their interest to be doing this ? 
   europe decided they had no reason to hold back the international courts against russia since russia was busy fucking over them . 
  again , consider what you are accusing ` europe ' of here . 
  firstly , who do you mean by europe ? 
  the eu , the member states , the commission ? 
  there are 115 state parties to the permanent court of arbitration . 
  it is not a european institution ( not that that matters even in the slightest ) . 
  your post suggests quite clearly that europe ( read : whichever body you selected above ) decided it has had enough of russia and therefore influenced the outcome of this court case . 
  why and how is europe `` holding back the international courts '' ? 
  that is absolutely illegal on many levels . 
   the results where highly predictable . 
  that 's because what the russian state did was deemed by judges to be highly illegal , not because of europe . 
   the sole right to seize assets have the people who sued russia and won . 
  sure , now lets see an oligarch walk into the russian ambassadors residence in london and declare `` this is mine now . 
  get the fuck out '' . 
   and they will seize the fuck out of anything that is outside of russian borders . 
  how though ? 
  i get they would be legally entitled to do so , but how do they physically go about it ? 
   so why did you find it appropriate to compare both numbers as if they were equally valid ? 
  you are trolling right ? 
  the foremost reason behind economic forecasts is to help examine current policy and possible alternatives . 
  the very concept of * predictions * makes them less valid than historic * fact * . 
  anybody that deals with predictions knows this , or else they should n't be allowed near the data . 
  here is the statistical analysis of the [ european commission 's european economic forecast , spring 2014 . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/eu/forecasts/2014_spring/statistical_en.pdf ) what you 'll see is an awful lot of economic forecasts , which can be used to analyse economic performance . 
  obviously , though where have i stated that what i posted was fact ? 
  its very impossible to make `` future economic facts '' . 
  but unless you plan on living in the year 2012 i suggest you get used to predictions .
