  i lol 'd . 
  seriously though , i saw this leaflet in arabian today , with the map of europe , and a brand new route : bulgaria , romania , ukraine , poland . 
  i really hope that this is some kind of a joke or else nasty surprises are coming for everyone . 
   austrian chancellor honestly , that guy . 
  lol . 
  i liked the ** ca n't turban the orban ** better . 
  growth is the keyword . 
  let 's say , from 1 to 5 and from 10 to 11 are both growth , the former beats the latter , but if you are asked which one would you want , 5 euros or 11 , the answer is obvious . 
  growth is an exploitable word . 
  haha , i ca n't upvote you enough !, 
  my friend works for a call center , that deals with hungarian tourism related questions ( like : `` what program can you list in < random hungarian city  for a group of kids '' and the like ) . 
  they also provide information in english and german through e-mails . 
  this being said , they regularly get the hate-mail from the nutjobs . 
  they complain about hungary . 
  to a tourist information center . 
  yup . 
  i do think that orb\u00e1n is a friggin cancer , but you really have to be blind to write an article like this . 
  as if summer did n't happen . 
  meh , everyone want to be related to an ancient astronaut , and when you are alone with your language , bullshit like this can spread . 
  to be honest , i do think that we are related somehow to turks ( maybe in some tiny , insignificant part ) , but sumerian ? 
  man , dying light was awesome . 
  okay , not the story , but everything else . 
  yeah , i know this of course , but i have to squint reeeeaaaly hard to see the resemblance . 
  i guess i wo n't find any `` cousin '' , no matter how hard i try . 
  am hungarian . 
  do n't know what was i expecting . 
  i read your comment ... 
  the words seem very , * very * vaguely familiar ... are you sure our languages are related ? 
  on this note : a couple of months ago i watched a video about the khant people and their language ( which is supposed to be the closest to hungarian ) . 
  of course i did n't understand anything . 
  vaguely similar , that 's it . 
  as a perfect image of humankind , that you can strive for , but never reach it . 
  well , in a nutshell . 
  it is more complicated , and i getting out of my smartass session . 
  this is the beauty of philosophy , in the big , always shifting mess of mind and existence you can have one , and the other . 
  these terms are n't mutually exclusive . 
  well yeah , but i tried to refer that he wanted to educate people , and they use his terms and ideas as weapons . 
  heck we do n't have to go far , look what happened to the term '' \u00fcbermensch '' . 
  too bad this active nihilism is n't widely known . 
  i 'm also sure that people tend to misinterpret nihilism as anarchism . 
  poor nietzsche , had he known this ... 
  this raises a question : do people even know what a nihilist is ? 
  i am a nihilist . 
  and while i do n't deny the existence of a god , or some higher existence , i do n't think it 's relevant in the world . 
  the world is how you make it , your life is yours , you make your own choices , morals and laws are human constructs , et cetera . 
  you are free , but at the same time bound by this freedom . 
  so no , i really ca n't believe in any god . 
  but i hear and know stories , where people find comfort in a thought that there is some higher being , who watches over them , help them . 
  they reached peace , and that is one of the biggest treasure there is , because to make peace around you first you have to make peace inside you . 
  religions are not bad . 
  they are here to help those , who need this kind of help . 
  and being atheist does n't grant some awesome understanding of the world . 
  being atheist without trying to understand religion around you is exact the same as being religious , and denying science and/or modern lifestyle . 
  that actually sounds cool . 
  i myself do n't think that islam itself , as a religion is bad . 
  its interpretation and implementation among the followers of islam on the other hand ... for example , let 's see the jihad , one of the most questionable part of the religion . 
  even the practitioners and imams can not agree what this means . 
  one can interpret it as a holy war against the world , to spread the islam around the world , and all this shit . 
  others say it 's a personal war against ourselves , war against our greed , jealousy , hate , it 's a way to strive to be a better person . 
  the interpretation depends on whom you ask , where do they come from , what kind of islam they follow . 
  they do need that modernization , to separate law , religion and state . 
  they do need to change in views , and most importantly , thy do need to accept each other and everyone . 
  let 's assume for a second that the two countries want peace in the middle-east ( which i seriously doubt ) . 
  in this case it does n't matter , what the us and russia want . 
  you ca n't import peace . 
  it has be tried , it failed . 
  what matters is what the syrians want . 
  they can decide , they only need help for making peace in a civil manner . 
  but these warmongers do n't want peace . 
  wartime is profitable , it boosts technology and science ( i hate to admit this ) , and has tons of other upsides . 
  in this case , there are no winners . 
  you ca n't win a war , especially not in the middle-east . 
  what is your prize ? 
  you can leave the desert alive ? 
  well , now , that is something !, 
  mind you , i do n't shit on war veterans , or anything , what i try to say is : they all lost something precious there . 
  would you call that `` winning a war '' ? 
  send help , sane help to syria . 
  doctors , food , money . 
  try to make a forum for them to solve their internal problem through diplomacy . 
  try to convince the leaders of various parties to join the discussion , and make peace . 
  give them help to rebuild their country . 
  the rest of the `` refugees '' ? 
  i do n't know . 
  heh , one can dream . 
   well , they have this thing , which is a monument to the evils of communism . 
  americans go there all the time -- they think it 's just like holocaust museum , only for communism , which is what the english subtitles at the museum suggest . 
  but if you read the hungarian , they basically blame communism on jews . 
  wh-w ... wha-wait , did we see the same museum ? 
  [ because it does show you the arrowcross party in all its glory . 
  ] ( http://www.terrorhaza.hu/allando-kiallitas/second_floor/hungarian-nazis-arrowcross-party ) ( edit : okay , they were not communist , but the museum shows you that jewish people were victim like hungarian people ) i. . . why do i even bother anymore ? 
  i 'm sad to hear that . 
  i really hoped that hungary will try to help you guys , but our politicians seem to be very butthurt over money , so that wo n't happen soon . 
  maybe some civil organization or something from us to help you , that would be nice . 
  the man coming home from the us tried to convince the villagers that everything is bigger and better over there , but eventually they saw through the fairy tale . 
  this reminds me of an old anecdote from our village . 
  * story time !, 
  *  a man back in the day ( maybe around ww2 , but i do n't remember ) went to the us to try his luck . 
  he came back poorer , but had so many tales to tell !, 
    `` everything in the states are big !,
