  i also like math , so i 'm biased . 
  i second this . 
  i 'm getting tired of this shit . 
  someone always have to keep up the tension . 
  jobbik should be kicked in the face if they actively seek * international * conflicts . 
  i see . 
  i 'm relived to know that the breeding has priority . 
  i like this `` invitation for a dissection '' idea . 
  you can say anything , but i 'm sure that most kids would love similar things elsewhere too . 
  in the vein of `` ugh , this is so disgusting , but please , carry on , i love it '' . 
  that 's why i said , i know that germany is an expensive country . 
  one should consider the living conditions before they say anything about the wages , but damn anyway . 
  the title is shite , but the article was interesting , i 'm with the danes on this case ( though i would view wild animals in zoos like trading cards : `` hey , berlin zoo , we have a male tiger , would you like to exchange it for a female polar bear ? 
   free housing benefits  at least 500 $ per month i 'm aware of the fact that germany is more expensive than hungary , but damn , that salary is about 30 % higher than mine . 
  and mine is n't minimum wage either . 
  this was a disappointingly short article . 
  does anyone know how much this `` low salary '' mean ? 
  yeah , and every time we meet have a good time , and always promise each other , that we 'll meet besides the weddings and funerals . 
  you are awful . 
  but i laughed , so i must be awful too . 
  a hungarian comedian once said : speaking french is like eating a candy with sore throat while you blow your nose . 
  what if these people/politicians in these parties ( be that those nazi parties or this hypothetical islam party ) does n't want to overthrow the parliament , but openly and violently attacking other people ? 
  ( for example gays , minority , followers of other religion , blondes , anybody . ), 
  let 's say this party does n't act on individual level , but as a group ( setting up , calling people for these attacks ) . 
  what should be done in this case ? 
   lithuanian history is pretty funny . 
  surely you meant awesome . 
  this story would make a great movie/book/but especially game . 
  easy there , bavaria , i know a country that looked similar , and had its butt kicked repeatedly over the last couple of centuries . 
  also , this map somehow reminded me an `` old '' hungarian `` saying '' , when we made into the eu : `` look on the bright side , they 've never annexed this huge territory to hungary before '' . 
   not because the country suddenly became racist , but because the major parties would n't listen . 
  i 'm still amazed , that politicians do n't or do n't want to see this . 
  i suppose they take it in turns to act as a sort-of-executive officer for the week . ^ ^ i ^ ^ am ^ ^ really ^ ^ sorry . 
  til eastern europe is not europe . 
  in these times i feel like the bastard child of the continent . 
  that 's the joke . 
  somehow it feels like it wants to put words in my mouth . 
  but i guess subtlety was n't a main point in this questionnaire . 
   better teaching let me laugh my ass off here for a moment . 
  hehh ... 
  okay , i 'm done . 
  the thing is , the university i 'm currently attending , has a very good name , is respectable around the country , but when the teachers are way too snob to actually teach ... you have a problem . 
  i went to another , `` good uni '' before . 
  we had a teacher , who was useless . 
  he did n't actually teach anything . 
  whole classes had to retake a course , because this guy did n't even lift a finger . 
  he is smart , sure , but absolutely no teacher material . 
  he should research , or something . 
  so no , better ranked , good name imho does n't necessarily mean anything . 
  a list like this should consider three very important thing in a university ranking : * how advanced are the courses and the exams ? 
  the more advanced , the more point they get . 
  * what are the finished/retake/dropped rates of these courses ? 
  finished would mean plus points , retake would mean zero or less , dropped courses would mean negative impact on the ranking ( aka how well can the professors teach ) * how good is the communication between the university and the students ? 
  if the administration is awful , you are fucked , just as seriously as you would be on a random exam . 
  i honestly have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  i see . 
  thank you for clarifying !, 
  i suspected this much , but i was on a phone , and am a layman , and do n't want to talk shit . 
  just a quick question , now that we are here . 
  is it possible to apply this law differently ? 
  for example there are two , let 's say identical men with identical background with no criminal record . 
  one says : `` women should go back to the kitchen , tend the family , do n't take men 's job '' , the other says : `` muslim people should go back to the middle-east , do n't take our land '' . 
  as i see the first man disrespected a sex , the other a religious group the same rate . 
  ( ` same rate ' are the keywords here , the above sentences were just some mild examples . ), 
  my question is the following : would one of these receive more punishment than the other ? 
  is it possible to apply a law differently according to the actual social landscape ? 
  ( for example , referring to the two men above : women have been treated equally for quite a time , but currently we have problems with muslim integration - both on their and on the natives ' part . ), 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ hope ^ ^ this ^ ^ made ^ ^ sense . 
  oh , do n't worry , it 's in , and should be in any country 's law . 
  the question is : is it exploited by any group of people ? 
  the law itself is n't exactly vague , but how about the interpretation ? 
  heh , the more you know . 
  farkas is also a name in hungary . 
  i do n't think i have any right to comment , since i 've never been to the us , but what the heck . 
   when you meet americans who claim ancestry from your country does it annoy you at all ? 
  ( i know many irish people get annoyed by irish americans doing this . ), 
  i kind of feel proud , when someone want to be hungarian , or at least try to know their roots . 
  contrary to the popular belief , being hungarian is not just an ancestry thing , but * actually wanting to be hungarian * . 
  to know our way of life , etc. 
  this is why i also kind of skeptic of these `` in part hungarians '' , because i highly doubt that they aim to be one . 
  ( it 's not that is a problem , but hey , make up your mind ! ), 
  there is one thing , i get annoyed about a tiny little american thing though . 
   ooooh , so old , spooky , house with long history , much age , wow . 
  built in the '50s . 
   to me , the implied insult when those refugees just pass through those countries are also worrying . 
  at first i was angry about this . 
  now i simply grit my teeth , and chant a mantra : * they do n't want to be here , their opinion does n't matter . 
  they do n't want to be here , their opinion does n't matter . 
  * i try very hard not to be angry at these people , or countries ( because this latter is just stupid ) , but when your homeland , * your home * is said to be ass poor , rundown , and ** outright unsafe ** ... it is difficult to keep your cool . 
  mwah to you too !, 
  our countries really could use a closer relationship . 
  obviously poland . 
  if you visit the right part of the city , you still can see the bullet holes in the walls of the buildings . 
  while it 's sad that these houses are in such disrepair , it 's also a humble reminder of the unknown heroes , yet more powerful than any statue or plaque . 
  i do want to learn finnish !, 
  my reason is purely emotional : your language is the closest to our own ( apart from of course the very minor minority in russia ) , i want to know it . 
  or maybe [ like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eqwgw0d.jpg ) ? 
  i looks like an insanely modded gta , or the watchdogs we never had . 
  i guess i need to go / r/outside more . 
  they do n't need to be told , they will inform you of their roots themselves .
