sadly not , this kind of thing is quite popular among the left wing in the uk . 
  i agree . 
  identity politics like this runs through the labour party like a stick of blackpool rock . 
  untrue edit : i 'd reply in more detail . 
  but i 've been banned . 
  or direct democracy , voting reform , mp recall , etc, 
  you 'd think the rich arab states would be the first to volunteer help for their `` brothers '' in need ... 
  apparently not . 
  edit : i 've been banned for this thread , feel free to complain about it . 
  the dankest, 
  fair enough !, 
  nope . 
  that 's just your made up definition . 
   how do we know that ? 
  where is this data ? 
  because by definition . 
  after continuing to move across europe after already being in safe countries , they are no longer refugees , they 're economic migrants . 
  you sound frustrated . 
  how does quoting somebody else to show the anxiety of the public make him or his speech racist ? 
  would he have converted to islam if there were n't so many muslims in germany ? 
  free speech is paramount . 
  you should n't subvert it for things that do n't have a direct threat to human life , as distasteful as holocaust denial is , it is n't comparable to things that should be restricted . 
  like threatening to stab someone . 
  the usa needs to stop their interventionist bullshit . 
  if the mods do n't end their censorship , it 's just going to create a backlash and an increase in the very kinds of posts they 're trying to censor . 
  the conservative government was defeated by 27 votes . 
  thanks to their own backbenchers . 
  the slim majority is starting to show its cracks . 
  also . 
  just in case anybody does n't know what `` purdah '' rules are . 
  it basically means the government ca n't use official resources to make announcements about things to try and help them win the referendum during the campaign . 
  atleast that 's how i 've come to understand it . 
  the current government wanted more lax purdah rules , but they 've been defeated, 
  yes, 
  not like you 're gon na get gibraltar back regardless . 
  gaining from green voters is just going to lose any centre ground supporters they have ... corbyn will be labours downfall if you ask me, 
  you do realise more than just england and scotland are part of the uk right ? 
  interesting that there are n't any mods who are anti mass immigration or anti multiculturalism though ... 
  who would you vote for ? 
  plaid ? 
  great !, 
  pretty likely . 
  considering every major party will be scaremongering about how the world will end if we leave along with the major media outlets . 
  you now realise she was trying to get to a hospital to talk to her dying father for the last time . 
  fab, 
  why ? 
  i 'm glad scotland remained , but i do n't begrudge the nationalists for continuing to campaign for independence, 
  easy . 
  just look at the eight hundred thousand third worlders germany took in recently . 
  if labour offered an eu referendum , the tories may not have even got a majority . 
  do n't vote to stay in based on the temporary nature of a single government ,, 
  maybe because it was considered a local referendum it was out of their remit ? 
  it 's definitely there . 
  just scroll down until you see the subtitle `` commission 's recommended format for the eu referendum ballot paper . '', 
  then later cameron confirmed he would change it to that . 
  the image was originally from here . 
  except none of the pro eu arguments for us to stay in during this referendum will be admitting let alone advocating the process of integration with the eu ? 
  it was recently confirmed that no 10 is taking the redraft as the official new question, 
  so why does mexico get a better deal than us because they 're not part of the continent ? 
  there is no reason for you to care about them leaving , if anything you should be campaigning for us to leave so we can get out of your way for your goal of federalisation and the creation of a united states of europe . 
  popular opinion is generally eurosceptic . 
  a slight majority want to stay according to the polls , but even they are opposed to more integration for the most part . 
  media was generally eurosceptic until the referendum was announced and cameron and his pro eu tories started demanding we stay . 
  here 's a link to murdoch wanting us to stay https://www.politicshome.com/foreign-and-defence/articles/story/murdoch-titles-will-back-eu-yes-campaign, 
  murdoch wants the uk to stay in the eu . 
  scotland wants to leave the uk ? 
  brave freedom fighters !, 
  uk wants to leave the eu ? 
   endless mass immigration  endless red tape  minor downside also , the only benefits we enjoy are the free trade agreements . 
  something mexico manages to have with the eu without being a part of it . 
  why ca n't we just have a free trade deal like them ? 
  yeah . 
  that 's how politics works do n't you know ? 
  you give up at the first time you lose . 
  that 's not how it works at all, 
  even those in favour of staying mostly do n't want more integration . 
  so mostly complaining . 
  thoughts ? 
  what do you think of the un migration chiefs idea ? 
  should the eu continue undermining national homogeneity ? 
  yeah , what a completely crazy idea ...  eu should ` undermine national homogeneity ' says un migration chief http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-18519395, 
  the eu is actively trying to dehomegenize actions . 
  less united nations with less distinct cultures will be easier for them to control . 
  attacks like this do n't happen in a vacuum , just like islamic terrorist attacks do n't happen in a vacuum , they 're built up and encouraged over time b\u0177 groups , communities and widespread feeling of something being wrong . 
  interesting how many of these events are happening in germany despite the polls claiming the majority of the public support more asylum seekers . 
  meanwhile more anti refugee countries are not experiencing such events . 
  leads me to believe the polls were n't as accurate as they could have been . 
  if this represents western culture , then i guess isis represents islamic culture . 
  germany can have as many as they want , just do n't try and force them into other countries . 
  i have yet to see evidence of any real organisation brigading europe  and usually new posters are n't grouping up to down-vote posts that do n't agree with their agenda . 
  not true at all , i posted this story about david cameron 's cabinet rebelling over the eu referendum and it was downvote to 17 % in less than half an hour , does that mean pro eu brigadiers are here ? 
  of course not , it means a large amount of the users feel positively about the eu enough to downvote criticism of it , same thing happens with immigration threads , putting it all down to some malevolent outside influence is just silly . 
  what 's the difference between brigadiers and new posters ? 
  was that not delisted because a thread about it was already up ? 
  ca n't say i 'm too surprised the censorship is continuing . 
  the best things that could happen is for the mods to invite a right wing moderator who is anti mass immigration and anti multiculturalism to join them . 
  that way we 'd have a more balanced moderator team . 
  not really . 
  mass migrations usually get called invasions only in retrospect . 
  the huguenots moving to britain is often cited as one of the proofs that mass immigration `` enriches '' our culture , ignoring the fact that they effectively raped , murdered and subjugated the locals .
