no social welfare . 
   it seems to have become a famous story with right wing people on the internet . 
  and a lotta swedes . 
  spice burgers are where it 's at these days , i 'm told . 
  i assume it 's other irish people upvoting it . 
  they recognise the op 's attitude as being exactly like that of our politicians ; one that will happily see the people suffer as long as they get petted on the head from europe for being good little politicians and doing what they are told . 
  cap-doffing servility to those more powerful than them so they look good to them and not a care given to those who are suffering . 
  right . 
  off . 
  you cap-doffing servile fucker . 
  you say that like they 've reached some previously agreed limited for public beheadings and thus they wo n't commit more ... fool . 
  a war between nations ? 
  no , as long as there 's no great environmental disaster that makes all resources scarce or the collapse of the eu . 
  civil wars though ? 
  yep , it 's inevitable . 
  as the muslim populations , especially in england and france , grow and grow they 'll become more militant and radicalised . 
  eventually something will set them off and we 'll have home-made uprisings and intifadas on our streets . 
  the seemingly endless riots and street crimes are only the beginning and will get worse as their numbers grow . 
  sadly she 'll probably be dead before the week is out . 
  some young wannabe jihadi that was born and raised in england will fancy his chances of beheading her and becoming a `` hero '' . 
  hurray for multiculturalism ... 
  i ai n't wrong though . 
  that 's the great tragedy of the north . 
  the nationalists and republicans are desperate for it to be part of ireland but do n't realise we in ireland want nothing to do with it and the loyalists and unionists want to remain in britain but do n't realise most british people want nothing to do with the north either . 
  ireland here . 
  favourite ; england , though it 's complicated . 
  scotland when the six nations is on because we could n't cheer for england against anyone who 's not australia , nz or south africa . 
  like i said ; complicated . 
  least favourite ; northern ireland . 
  both communities up there are filled with bitter , sour , moany fuckers happy to stay nursing the wounds of the past . 
  if we could detach the north and float it away into the north atlantic that 'd have the support of almost the entire nation . 
  the place ai n't worth fighting over . 
  if i ca n't select northern ireland then probably wales . 
  so much potential harm to the poorest in british society all cos the tories ca n't stand foreigners . 
  bishop looking to fill up empty parish churches with grateful believers by any chance ? 
  `` switzerland wo n't take sides in ukraine crisis , swiss minister of economy says '' but they 'll happily take the money of both sides , eh ? 
  you can peddle the usual lies and clap-trap but people see through it now . 
  any chance of people pretending solidarity to keep the germans quiet has gone out the window due to mutti deciding unilaterally that she 's in charge . 
   but i want to remind you of the fact that the eu is built on solidarity no it is n't . 
  it was based on people letting the germans get their way to stop them getting cunty again . 
  and germany invited a massive , massive disaster upon itself and is now making threats to the rest of europe to make them suffer for germany 's mistake . 
  some of which are countries which germany has brutalised with austerity . 
  fuck right off . 
  germany killed any feelings of solidarity and if they continue with their tantrums and bullying it wo n't be just the brits working hard on getting the hell out of the eu and leaving the germans to wallow in their own mess . 
   germany 's actions are a dream come true for ultranationalists and eurosceptics yep . 
  i used to be very pro-eu . 
  now over the last few years the eu has become nothing more than a front for german bullying and intimidation and can go fuck itself as far as i am concerned . 
  it 's gotten so bad i would n't even blame the british when ( and it 'll be a ` when ' not an ` if ' thanks to mutti in the past two weeks ) they vote to leave the eu . 
   germany 's current behavior is incredibly narrow minded , bullish and frankly infuriating . 
  so , german basically . 
  merkel started to think that she was germany and germany was the eu . 
  and it 's rightly blown up in her face . 
  i ca n't remember off the top of my head . 
  the prevailing opinion ( from what i can recall ) among economists in ireland though is that if the brits leave it 's most likely in our best interests too leave and secure our trade that way . 
  agreed . 
  at this stage i 'm sick to the back fucking teeth of germans , and merkel in particular , and their new found belief that germany = the eu . 
  the uk leaving the eu would probably have loads of consequences for ireland , since they 're our biggest trading partner , and it 's possible we might have to follow suit for the sake of that trade , but i 'll take some consolation in the fact that the uk leaving will really , really fuck off the germans . 
  cultural and societal suicide in action . 
  nope . 
  off the charts like pretty much everywhere else they are in large numbers in europe would be my guess . 
  germany decides to unilaterally ignore the dublin convention and invite a flood of refugees upon itself . 
  no-one else goes along with this madness . 
  merkel throws a tantrum and tries to bully the rest of europe into giving germany an immigrant bailout . 
  fuck germany . 
  at least half of some poor town 's future rapists in that video right there . 
   that is ... beyond pathetic . 
  i 'm honestly quite shocked to see this kind of false reporting by an institution as highly regarded as the bbc : / the bbc is ran by the same sort of people that run the guardian . 
  they 'll always run this sort of propaganda . 
  spoiled , middle-class children in adult bodies . 
  cunts have never done a days work in their lives nor been exposed to anything that would ever upset them . 
  hence the need to continue infantilising themselves . 
  the real world will eat these people alive . 
  here comes the enrichment train . 
  it never ends . 
  that 's an awful way to talk about greeks . 
  fewer germans ? 
  the rest of europe rejoices . 
  lying , basically . 
  yep , the germans especially showed their true colours during this matter . 
  for all the talk of unity and togetherness the smaller nations will be readily sacrificed to protect the fatherland . 
  two polish co-workers have mine have both told me seperately , and quite seriously , that they still practice their german when they can so they can make sure they always `` understand the enemy '' . 
  could n't happen to a smugger cunt than o'leary . 
  it shows how fucked up new labour left the institutions of the nation that even now the media are still trying to downplay rochdale , the legal system seems to be moving only very slowly to deal with it and i do n't think the social care institutions have changed one bit - all out of fear of being called racist . 
  yet all three would leap into action if one white guy raped a non-white girl . 
  i mean , i think i saw more articles in the guardian attacking benedict cumberbatch as racist for saying `` coloured people '' and not `` people of colour '' than i did about rochdale . 
  and cumberbatch was arguing for more minorities in film , not less !, 
  and they still attacked him . 
  that 's a scary kind of double-think they have going on . 
  from what i can tell the people who mainly read the guardian and believe it 's crap ( going by online comments under the articles ) tend to be the worst kind of `` progressives '' in that they believe themselves utterly superior to everyone who does n't hold their exact views and go to the guardian for some massive ego stroking about how superior they are . 
  if this became law the guardian newspaper would have the courts full of people , trying to get them jailed on charges of islamophobia for even daring to look wrong at a muslim . 
  this was the paper that tried to hush up and jail anyone who warned about the mass rapes going on in every town in england like rochdale . 
   a humorous tone gets you furthest . 
  i wonder how well those attempts went . 
  agincourt still too fresh in the mind of both parties . 
  you 're being too literal . 
  all we need is some dodgy russian arms dealers ( loads around ) getting involved in politics ( check ) and kickstarting a war ( ukraine and the inevitable expansion of that ) and western spec ops trying to sort them out silently . 
  the killing of bin laden will have been a useful trial run . 
  before you can say `` mother russia '' we 'll have emps going off and russian paratroops everywhere breaking stuff . 
  that 's the scary thing . 
  how many of the russians in power played it and thought `` ultranationalists '' , `` russia rises again '' and `` invasion of america '' and thought they liked the sound of that ?
