  very true , it 's just their whinging after the fact i 'm not keen on listening to . 
  considering their fucked up attitude to women and female sexuality i 'm guessing the `` property '' has to form an orderly queue and are not allowed to get off with each other while waiting . 
  it 's fucking mind-boggling , is n't it ? 
  `` jokes '' is pushing it ... 
  it 's the same with all the unionist farmers in northern ireland . 
  most voted leave out of spite and the belief that it would n't impact them or that any impact would be offset by london shaking the magic money tree for them . 
  it 's only slowly starting to dawn on them the effects pulling out of the eu will have on them financially . 
  the childish side of me is enjoying them watching them squirm in horror at the self inflicted wound they brought about . 
  it 's a religion that has 72 virgins waiting in heaven for anyone that rages out and kills non-believers . 
  are you at all surprised that teenage-style self pity is also rampant ? 
  aye , / u/jeanralph is the villain of this piece ... you utter cock . 
   we are not scared this easily . 
  no we are not . 
  islamic apologists like you are not one of us though . 
  and they had nearly 40 years to do it in . 
  this wave of islamic attacks have been going for a bare fraction of that and look at the death toll . 
  and it 's only going to get worse . 
  the ira could at least be negotiated with . 
  playing innocent . 
  cute . 
  combining figures of attacks in two localised civil wars across multiple decades to try and downplay little more than a decade 's far more wide ranging islamic attacks . 
  attacks with the sole purpose of killing as many innocents as possible . 
  attacks that probably have a greater deathtoll per attack ratio than anything the ra and eta could pull off . 
  people can see through your sort . 
   but lets add some random banker bashing , just because ... none of them have ever been jailed for the crimes they 've committed , the harm they 've caused and the misery they 've inflicted . 
  all people have left is futile anger and people like you still try to deny them that . 
  you 're comparing barely a decade of islamic terrorism in that chart with multiple decades of of every other kind of terrorism lumped in together . 
  it 's a nice attempted manipulation of the stats but apologists like you have lost the battle . 
  destructive in that they wrecked a lot more property , which was an aim of theirs . 
  in terms of the single-minded targetting of civilians they had nothing on these islamic terrorists . 
  ireland is a great starting place too , although it 's a small bit isolated . 
  if you start earlier than 1066 there you 've a lot of pagan stuff going on which can make it interesting or screw you over completely . 
  i was lucky enough in my georgian game that i never had to face the full might of the turks as they had a crusade to fight off at the same time they were fighting me . 
  could still have really used the byzantines getting their shit together but that civil war of theirs ' went on for ages . 
  they killed thousands of people over many decades , in a part of britain very few british cared about and that was in a state of civil war . 
  mainland britain was not in a state of civil war then and it is not now . 
  tot up the death count in mainland britain this year alone and then tell me how it compares with the worst year for ira kills there . 
  and bare in mind we 're barely halfway through the year . 
  many more attacks are likely . 
  people with your agenda are doing their best to downplay the current wave of islamic bloodlust . 
  why is that ... ? 
  on a semi-related note , georgia is a great spot to play a campaign in crusader kings 2 . 
  i had a great one where the byzantines fell to pieces in a civil war so had no help from them as the turks and alans attacked from south and north respectively . 
  i did a decent job of holding them off by fighting a defensive war using the terrain . 
  was very proud of my against the odds heroics . 
  then the mongols showed up . 
  pricks . 
  no , it was n't . 
  exactly . 
  in it 's desperation to be seen as america 's strong right arm they went to war with them and started the mass movement of people and collapsing governments . 
  and now it has the cheek to blame the likes of the germans for `` letting them all in '' as if this flow of people originated in isolation and britain had no part in it but is being made to suffer for it . 
  again the victim complex . 
   being proud of the uk today never means wanting to expand the uk 's borders or annex part of a another country , while irish nationalism still promotes the incorporation of northern ireland into the irish state , despite the wishes of the people living there . 
  that 's imperialism , basically . 
  imperialism ? 
  ok . what does that make the invasion of iraq and afghanistan ? 
  making out like britain is some helpless victim who just wants to keep it 's head down and never harm anyone is beyond lying and properly obscene . 
  this brexiteer-pushed meme needs to die . 
  we wo n't be leaving the eu . 
  the fact that so many of you are desperately pushing it leads me to believe subconsciously you 're aware of the harm brexit will do to you and you 'll feel less stupid if you can drag other people down with you . 
   we only need to worry about a customs border , which could be fairly frictionless . 
  if you think this you know nothing about the old border or the border regions . 
  well done lads . 
  hopefully the people there get to see some tangible benefits sooner rather than later . 
   they were expansionist warmongers who wanted to control all of europe through force whereas britain has always arrived on foreign shores singing hymns of peace . 
   we did n't do much sharing beyond directly war-related intelligence you lost many , many lives at sea keeping the supply line to northern russia open so that as much material as possible could reach them for use by the red army . 
   and we became essentially hostile as soon as germany 's defeat was inevitable . 
  you became hostile because churchill grew frustrated that stalin would n't play along with the english vision for the carving up of post war europe and beyond with his ` spheres of influence ' plan . 
  it 's not quite the moral superiority you think it is to turn on a dubious ally because they would n't go along with your territorial ambitions . 
   the actions of uk agents in ww2 were certainly morally dubious look how many comments it took to drag that admission out of you . 
  it must 've hurt . 
   going after our actions in ww2 is a bit of a bad idea , since it 's the one war where it was obvious to almost every non-facist country ( with one or two notable exceptions who chose to remain neutral ) that there was a moral imperative to stop the nazis . 
  for most , knowledge of the camps did not emerge until said camps had been liberated but do n't let that stop your own particular narrative . 
  and if you want to talk about moral imperatives then it should be noted that you beat the germans by allying with a regime responsible for killing more people than they did . 
   with one or two notable exceptions who chose to remain neutral the standard petty dig from a brexit type with their minds stuck in ww2 . 
  150k irishmen joined the armed services of the former colonial oppressor to fight the axis and help preserve your precious empire . 
  was that not enough blood , sweat and tears for you ? 
   i consider things a crime once a law is passed making them so a very handy way of absolving your side of any morally dubious actions and pushing the myth that the british are always the good guys . 
  if something is so terrible a law has to be made against it then all accounts of said action before the law was passed should also be treated with contempt . 
  my point is that you seem to only consider it to be a war crime because some men in suits sat down in geneva and said it was . 
  if it was a truly heinous act you 'd condemn anyone for having done it , regardless of when . 
  instead it 's simply a convenient stick for you to beat those you direct your bigotry at . 
  what i 'm saying is , we see through you . 
  as expected , it 's * different * when the english do it . 
   however , the ira hit upon the ingenious ( see ` war crime ' ) idea of fighting without uniforms , so it was n't really that easy to spot them . 
  so , all those english lads who parachuted into france to help the resistance and who fought dressed up as civilians ... war crimes , yeah ? 
  but you 're probably going to tell us that it 's just * different * when the english do it . 
  standard brit , unfortunately . 
  and the brexit ones are even worse as they think britain has never done any wrong . 
  non members have no say in what members should or should not do . 
  maybe some day the uk can apply for membership . 
   `` perhaps yes , as a true guardian reader , and liberal leftie , i suppose i did n't want to raise that too hard . '', 
  the guardian remark is telling . 
  even when these gang rapes finally came to light recently they ran loads of opinion pieces blaming just about everyone but the rapists . 
  if memory serves they even went after the cops saying that the cops refusal to investigate was the racism of low expectations by not treating them as they would white suspects . 
  they utterly failed to mention the 15 years the paper spent hounding and ruining the lives of anyone in the police who even dared suggest a pakistani could be capable of any crime , let alone be investigated for it . 
  a yank talking out his hole about ireland . 
  never seen that before ... 
  their entire `` culture '' is built solely on the battle of the boyne and spitefully rubbing their neighbours noses in the fact one battle went their way 300 + years ago . 
  he says while being thoroughly unashamed of the crimes of the british empire .
