   slightly bitter standard nordie , in fariness . 
  30 divisions worth in old money . 
  they are far-left and deeply dislike the idea that the yanks can kill terrorists at will now and with no casualties of their own . 
  they 're utterly sickened that the extremists they sympathise with ca n't take a few americans with them when they die . 
  nothing more . 
   german solidarity that does n't have the meaning you think it does across large swathes of the eu . 
  do n't worry , the more syrians angela lets in the harder the jackboot will land on the rest of us when it does . 
   abort * triggered *, 
  better to be a thief than a tyrant . 
  yep . 
  us and the greeks know exactly what germany will do to you when it is in a position of power over you . 
  old habits do n't die , they just mutate . 
  sri lanka , preferably . 
   a strong central government would most probably disregard the needs , interests and autonomy of the poorer and less influential countries in europe . 
  exactly . 
  all others would suffer so germany could keep itself strong . 
  g'wan the lads ? 
   why is this being objected ? 
  money . 
  we live in an age where small nations doing something that might cost corporations money is met with the sternest of opposition from them and from country 's they have in their pocket . 
  it 's no coincidence that the list of 11 countries that oppose this all contain the biggest wine and beer makers on the continent . 
  no thanks . 
  ha ha , brilliant !, 
  a montenegran ... 
  i 'm sorry , i 've got nada to finish that with . 
   what ? 
  the eu will unilaterally decide that the democratic choice of the people of these countries is `` wrong '' and punish them for it . 
  they did it with the irish votes on lisbon . 
  threatening to do it over an actual election is fucking scandalous and should result in people being carted off for a good long chat with the police . 
  but that wo n't happen . 
  the people at the top of the eu will carry on their malicious plan to forge a stateless europe over which the control every aspect . 
   it \u00b4 s not that they dont understand . 
  anyone that claims they are just poor , ignorant migrants who do n't know any better is nothing but an utter , utter cunt with a very sinister agenda . 
  put it this way ; if one of their female relatives was raped there would be blood on the streets over it because they understand exactly how wrong rape is despite what they and their liberal defenders claim . 
  take that , germans !, 
  they are welcome , even encouraged , to fuck off back home so , they 'll find the return trip a good deal less dangerous too . 
  australia , preferably . 
  if any white lecturer put forward this idea , even jokingly , they 'd be drummed out of a job in no time and the twitter outrage-mob would be trying to have criminal charges brought against them . 
  about standard for the shackle draggers to be honest . 
   `` where are you from ? '', 
  `` finland . '', 
  `` oh , what 's sweden like ? '', 
  `` i 'm not swedish , i 'm from finland . '', 
  `` right . 
  hey guys , come meet this norwegian guy ! '', 
  `` finnish . '', 
  `` wait , what 's the difference ? 
  is n't scandinavia just basically one country ? '', 
  `` i 'm not from scandinavia either . '', 
  `` what ? '', 
  that had to have been a conversation with an american . 
  ah bless x got called on your bullshit and now you 're pretending you 're too superior to defend your viewpoint so you pull the `` i have to protect my feels '' card . 
  you people really are a joke . 
  it 's why the tide is turning against you everywhere . 
  dodging his point by crying about your feels . 
  you people always pull that shit . 
  linking up with thousands of homegrown sympathisers , let 's not forget . 
  it 's a 12 year old boy 's mentality . 
  and it 's why so many of it 's followers only know how to react to any opposition or criticism with only violence . 
  under your great plan you 'd have us let 10s of millions in , `` educate '' them and send them home . 
  what would we do if they did n't want to be forceably removed ? 
  also , there 's millions of 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants how have not taken on western values despite being born and raised here . 
  and yet you think we can take 10s of millions more and force said values on them as soon as they 're fished out of the med and then we can send them home to rebuild ? 
  as i said - deluded . 
   but if there is indeed a reason why even temporarily the army is required to enforce the border , it should . 
  the uk government should not bend to the threats of terrorists , ni is within the sovereign territory of the uk . 
  risking a peace because you do n't want a few more brown people sneaking in during the short amount of time it would take to set up a non-militarised border agency ? 
  that 's desperately short sighted . 
   yeah i saw that , but to be honest i do not see the problem with having this opinion you ca n't think of a certain , balaclava-clad group , who might have a huge problem with the border becoming militarised in the way th ukipper wants ? 
  some ukip moron in northern ireland is already advocating the british army being deployed en masse along the border in the event of a brexit . 
  deluded . 
  ah , a frugal man , i see . 
  they 've had such successes by crying `` racist ! '', 
  at everyone and anyone that it is now their default position . 
  want to be ruled by the politicians eleced by your people to do so ? 
  racist !, 
  want said politicians to be accountable to your people and not be ruled by faceless , unaccountable eu lifers with suspect agendas ? 
  racist !, 
  they 've lost the ability to convince people via debate and instead just spam `` racist ! '', 
  at any whiff of opposition because they still think that they word has the power they think it does despite their massive overuse of it robbing it of all it 's power . 
  jesus , baby wipes - there , problem solved . 
  like fuck they are . 
  never seen one anywhere that was n't d4 . 
  i guess northern ireland have orange order to thank for scoring a bit higher than us . 
  no shit . 
  one of the few upsides to brexit has been watching a distressingly large portion of britain learn that we are n't part of britain and wo n't follow them blindly into the mincer . 
  another upside has been watching it slowly dawn with leave voters what a mistake they 've made and seeing them frantically push the meme that `` ireland has to leave too !?!? 
  ! 11 '' just so they have someone they can kick around and make suffer more than they will . 
  sorry lads , you can lay in the mess you 've made . 
  and i feel very sorry for the poor remain voters that will have to suffer alongside you . 
  the penny finally drops . 
  given the type of person he probably is i 'm guessing he 's lost money in some fashion since the vote and that 's what 's prompted this about face . 
   the government is giving them what they want in exchange for support known as a bribe . 
  ha ^ ha ^ ha ^ ha ^ ha they 're your problem now !, 
  and it 'll last right up until the point it catches it 's first legit islamic terrorist and the usual suspects go apeshit and get it pulled for being `` racist '' . 
   his past ira links are controversial . 
  only if you think republican terrorism = bad , loyalist terrorism = good . 
  it 's kinda depressing that several hundred years and an ocean between both offshoots and they 're still similar in so many negative ways . 
  it 's no coincidence that there 's links between the orange order and the founding of the kkk in the southern us . 
  it 's also no coincidence that early on the kkk targeted catholics as well as minorities in the early days of it 's history .
