  and levels of reasonableness have decreased dramatically in the past decades everywhere in the arab world . 
  i wonder if the two are linked . 
  i did n't know the ira were a continent-wide organisation nor that they had millions of new supporters/future recruits imported into europe every year . 
  the crafty bastards kept that quiet !, 
  the lengths some people will go to when it comes to denying what is happening right in front of them is quite stunning . 
  the iranian-german guy who shot up that mcdonalds in germany had a guy screaming at him from a balcony , calling him a wanker and whatnot . 
  it was caught on camera and many considered the guy a hero . 
  but germany being germany the guy was later arrested for racism/xenophobia/whatever . 
  i think he was eventually released but there was talk he might be facing libel charges now instead . 
  exactly . 
  and it 's just the tip of the iceberg . 
  you know there 's double standards in play when someone can be arrested for calling a mass murderer a wanker ( like in germany recently ) whereas the people who would support actions of that recent german killer can freely march through the streets with banners saying `` behead those who insult islam ! '', 
  and have no legal repurcussions whatsoever . 
   there should be equality before the law regardless of religion one religion ( and it 's deluded useful-idiot european liberal fans ) wants special treatment regardless of the law . 
  to impliment equality before the law a nation needs to be willing to face down these extremists and , currently , most do n't have the guts to . 
   i 've discussed this with other black friends and they realise that this issue americans are dealing with does n't relate at all with our lives here at all . 
  the problem is americans seem to think the whole world reflects their nation when it comes to their problems and their specific fault lines . 
  and the less intelligent and more ignorant they are the more they believe it . 
  and blm has plenty of people who are both . 
  so to them they never even stop to think for a moment that the issues of race in europe , asia , africa itself do n't reflect those in the us exactly or that black people 's experience in the other nations of the world might be different to their 's in the us . 
  the games have only been on for a few days and italy have 200 gold medals already ... 
   because we want a diverse and multicultural europe . 
  it always has been . 
  what you and your ilk want is decidedly more sinister . 
  `` you did n't pay us enough to live like kings so we will return home and in future try to kill you for it ! '', 
  yeah , fuck them and fuck everyone who says europe `` needs '' these people . 
   i 'm not even sure why it was mentioned . . 
  they 're becoming increasingly desperate in ways to not say `` muslim '' every time the newest act of muslim terrorism rolls around . 
  this is just the latest attempt . 
  the guardian is pushing for a new media approach whereby those who commit these crimes are never named or identified so as to not `` glorify '' them . 
  funnily enough this anonymity would really help the guardian cover up all the future attacks their beloved muslims are going to commit . 
  which is of course why they are pushing for it . 
   i really do n't understand how people can feel this way . 
  white guilt stirred up by cultural marxism . 
  the weak minded and narcissistic are especially prone to falling for it . 
  it 's why they go out of their way to show how `` liberal '' they are on social media . 
  notice how it 's only the west that are being lined up for this ... enrichment . 
  it 's cos they know the likes of russia and the chinese would never stand for it . 
  some people would rather be stabbed themselves than face up to the reality of islam in europe . 
  they enriched the shit out of that bus . 
  maybe / r/europe is just pissed that thousands of phoney refugees have to be taught not to fucking rape ? 
  fathers , uncles , brothers ... 
  not in the slightest . 
  the problem is american culture is so pervasive that it can tinge people 's perceptions of what things are like in europe . 
  and in recent times , given how toxic things are in america with blm , it 's easy to feel weird seeing normal people appreciating their police force for doing a good job . 
  poor germany , they were doing so well for so long and then merkel goes and puts a metaphorical shotgun in the nation 's mouth . 
  i always took it to be a reference to the german stereotype of loving order and following rules . 
  basically implying german police would be like some sort of horrible robots that would stop all the fun because of miniscule noise violations , fining/jailing people for absolutely miniscule infractions other nation 's cops would n't give a shit about . 
   not much more to add to this . 
  the ' ( nearly ) all jihadists are mentally ill ' narrative - at least in an implicit sense - has gained quite a lot of ground and drastically simplifies some of the causes behind extremism it 's gained ground because the left are pushing that narrative as hard as possible . 
  they ca n't face up to the reality of the religion they 've chosen to defend so they 'll twist anything out of proportion to not have to face up to the fact they 've backed the wrong side . 
  they think it will help restore the caliphate by breaking the will of the west and making the west take in even more muslims out of fear/guilt . 
  thanks to these `` new europeans '' . 
  lucky us . 
  and mutti invited 1.5 million in . 
  20,888 deportations are nothing in the face of that . 
  even the most illiterate of the new germans knows those are good odds in their favour . 
  i 'll be shocked if anything but a small fraction of these 100 ( and future groups too ) ever go back to syria when the war is over . 
  they 're in germany for good now . 
  and let 's be realistic , with the amount of single young men from backwards cultures germany has invited in during the past year it 's probably a better use of the german military 's time to be preparing to fight these syrians . 
  it 's only a matter of time before there 's a homegrown european intifada . 
  your guess is as good as mine as to whether it 'll happen in france or germany first . 
  poland , no !, 
  the government has enacted emergency legislation and the population has been deployed en masse so that all the butter gets eaten before it melts . 
  it was our only option and at least the crisis has raised national unity along with the cholesterol levels . 
  give it time . 
  if cubans can make the crossing to the states on the backs of wooden doors then migrants can get across the channel . 
  it 's hardly a massive body of water compared to say the med . 
   a massive body of water between our two countries . 
  have ... have you ever looked at a map ? 
  do n't forget women enjoying themselves . 
  very haram . 
  how to make it more attractive ? 
  more accountability , less germany . 
  were n't they told not to intervene at all as the higher ups though it would look bad to have police using violence to break up violent minorities ? 
  english fans doing themselves proud yet again . 
  brexit came just in time . 
   why should the us intervene ? 
  it 's in their nature . 
  they 've spent how many years trying to bully the eu into letting turkey join /, 
  shades of `` this land '' in firefly . 
  i like it . 
  did they have similar marches after the paris attacks to protest against the people who carried out those ? 
  weak trolling . 
  2/10 at best . 
  you can do better . 
  broad spectrum of people you tested there . 
  blood pudding is amazing , you savages . 
  and the likes of the guardian , who hate the white working class above all , will go out of their way to demonise , vilify and punish them even more if the vote does come in favour of brexit . 
  and they wo n't for a second stop and think that it 's the attitude and actions of media organisations like themselves that have helped bring about a looming brexit . 
  he 's made a career of crying `` racist ! '', 
  at anything/anyone he does n't like and has gone out of his way to shut down any attempts at people having a discussion on race . 
  the best thing is that despite the headline his article is just more of the same - it 's all whitey 's fault and the cure is more immigration . 
   if they pushed themselves among the liberals , why did n't the liberals push back ? 
  take a swing at them , beat the bigots up , something . 
  these youths likely are n't really swedish so the liberals were painted into a corner by their own ideology which would see other liberals label them as racist for striking `` people of colour '' even in self defence . 
  it 's car-crash viewing watching liberals finally realise that if you import millions of homophobic religious nutters then your society starts to become an awful lot less tolerant . 
  why are you more upset about mean words on the internet than industrial-scale child rape ? 
  think about islam 's fucked up approach to sexuality , rape , the `` value '' of women , etc. 
  the pakistani community probably actively encouraged these men in preying on local white girls as it would spare their own daughters .
