  i know , that was the joke , 
  just their money . 
   the sharing of a common enemy bloody portuguese !, 
   other than that , i really strongly identify with canada , mainly because i know what it feels like to be from a small country overshadowed by a much more powerful and important neighbour . 
  our culture has been so heavily anglicised that it can be frustrating trying to explain to foreigners that no , we 're not just the english with funny accents . 
  similarly , it must rankle for canadians being the small guys that get mistaken for americans the whole time . 
  i 've found that kiwis get on with us very well due to having a shared experience with their own larger , boorish neighbour . 
  but i agree , we do n't really have a bro nation . 
  just lots of cousins we 're extremely fond of . 
  because to them america is a nice , safe target . 
  they can say absolutely anything they like about america and nothing bad will happen to them beyond americans shit-talking bad to them . 
  it let 's them fluff their narcissistic egos as some sort of `` champions of the oppressed '' but to do so in total safety and with a minimum of effort . 
  do n't forget , many of these are the sort of people that think grown ass university students need `` safe spaces '' where they can hide and play with toys if anything ever says anything to them they even slightly disagree with . 
   edit : must be hard for you guys , no ? 
  all of a sudden , europe wants something back after it fed you for years . 
  must be hard when mama takes your toys away when you wo n't clean your room . 
  well , there is no other way than to grow up , i guess . 
  better now than later . 
  better accept some unpleasant truths . 
  you 'd swear germany put itself back together after the second time it dragged the world into war . 
  it 's almost like you 've forgotten that you did so with the help of the allies and mountains of american money . 
  and yet you think because german money was spent to ensure that the eu was turned into the beast it , is solely for your benefit , that you can issue ultimatums and act like you can run ( what should be ) a democratic union like dictators ? 
  germany has once again brought destruction upon itself by it 's own actions and germany is finding out yet again it has few friends left . 
  you 've reaped what you 've sown . 
  better accept some unpleasant truths . 
  you 'd think you 'd direct your anger at their parents who put them in rickety boats to cross the med in bad weather instead of someone who used language you object to . 
  goes back to bush . 
  western liberals were utterly enraged by him the moment he put himself forward for election . 
  it got worse when some rich yokel from texas got made president . 
  then 9/11 happened and the whole `` you 're either with us or against us thing '' . 
  western liberals picked the muslims without even thinking , such was their pathological hatred of bush . 
  and now , like a rabbit that 's befriended a snake , they 're too scared to admit they chose wrong and their ideology has painted them into a corner . 
  they are loudly pro women and gay rights whenever any christian needs shouting down but there 's not a peep out of them about the muslim attitudes to gays and women . 
  they are so scared of their liberal mates denouncing them as racist ( the ultimate weapon to them as they have used it so well against others ) that they will not dare say a word . 
  it 's why even now you have liberal papers like the guardian trying to either silence any mention of muslim crimes ( like rotherham ) or attacking anyone who criticises the countless rapes and act of violence that muslim immigrants have brought to europe . 
  they have chained themselves to something they can not control and do not understand and think that if they are seen to fight for it and appease it that they will be spared it 's wrath and it 's violence . 
  and since so many liberals doing this are themselves female and/or gay they must know that deep down their heads will be first on the chopping block when the day comes . 
  and yet still the persist . 
  that 's the tragedy . 
  it 's the ultimate act of self-destruction . 
   but do n't let the facts stand in the way of your prejudices . 
  i certainly wo n't . 
   or northern ireland i 'd love to see the eu try to deal with that basket case as it 's own entity . 
  after 6 months you 'd be crying to have the english back in instead . 
   `` they are demanding . 
  they push hard . 
  they insist . 
  they just do n't let go . 
  uncomfortable with people who question orders - germans never change . 
  much obliged . 
  it 'll be the first of many smear articles like that . 
  they wo n't forgive the swedes for their `` betrayal '' . 
  no shit . 
  the only ones who ever thought it was were the far left . 
  and now they 've turned on sweden at the first sign of the swedes even considering protecting their nation . 
  the guardian especially long berated everyone as being bastards for not living up to `` the swedish example '' . 
  now with the news that sweden is to deport 80,000 migrants they have already started publishing smear articles refering to the swedish as nazis . 
  from being labled as the far left messiahs to being labled as nazis overnight . 
   problem is that it 's almost impossible to find someone who is benevolent once awarded power . 
  i will . 
   why are immigrant criminals always victims too ? 
  how come i never hear people excuse white rapist with bullshit such as `` oh he had been unemployed and poor for a while and he has a shitty old car . 
  no wonder he raped those women . '' . 
  middle-class white lefties view minorities as infants who ca n't control themselves the way adults can and see it as their duty to protect these `` children '' from ever having to be punished for acts `` they do n't understand are bad '' . 
  and that goes hand in hand with the likes of the guardian newspaper which gives a platform to lots of `` journalists '' from these islamic cultures who will say and do anything to protect even the vilest of their cultural contemporaries as they know that liberal white people will lap up every word . 
  me hole he said that himself . 
  it 's either been creatively edited or he 's been coached to use lefty buzzwords like `` fascists '' . 
  i 'm sure the brits will hate not being as safe as france ... 
  intensely negetive , mixed with feelings of horror about what merkel and her ilk have brought upon themselves and , eventually , the rest of us . 
  in that case : subset of germans  baseline germans . 
   all whilst loads of irish ca n't leave quick enough . 
  you might want to check the amount of english flying out to spain and oz for good at heathrow . 
   there 's some weird anti-irish brits coming out of the wood work lately . . 
  yesterday i was reading about how one would vote for brexit and his number one reason was because of ireland and it 's tax policies ? 
  it 's the latent english racism . 
  it never went away . 
  they just get in trouble these days if they take it out on people of colour . 
  so they channel it all at us because they think we 're `` the same '' as them so it 's ok . and they wonder why the scots are fucking desperate to break away from them . 
   it would be better off removing stormont and having direct uk parliament rule . 
  cos that worked so well before ? 
  if the uk is so great why do so many british people leave to go to ireland or the commonwealth ? 
  you 'd swear wanderlust was invented yesterday . 
   and watched films about it . 
  ah well , get this man his phd so !, 
   unless there is a sudden revival in irish patriotism towards britain the fact you think such a thing is possible shows the gap in understanding that many people have already mentioned . 
  we like most of you lot on a personal level but we remember our history too well and we can see with our own eyes how popular the likes of the tories and ukip are . 
  parties like that we could never tolerate being governed by . 
   however , i think if russia had 've attacked during the cold war , things would 've been very different and ireland would 've likely been a vassal of britain in some way , as britain would 've been providing all of ireland 's defence . 
  in fact it is arguable that ireland 's defence is still supplied by britain , even though ireland has no real enemies . 
  language like that does n't help as we strongly suspect the old colonial mentality has n't gone away , it 's just more restrained . 
  some might argue that acting as our bulwark during ( hypothetical ) russian invasions can be part of the reparations to show that you really have changed . 
  the gusto with which your nation took to bombing arabs though , that makes us deeply uneasy in general . 
   what i 'm getting at is we could encounter a situation in the next 100 or 200 years where the eu fragments , or some geopolitical disaster arises , where ireland being part of the uk may seem like a more tenable position . 
  what 's more likely is that some sort of disaster happens whereby england ca n't feed itself and then we 're `` vassalised '' and our farmland taken and the cycle begins again . 
  nth time 's the charm !, 
  i like you . 
  your facts are n't welcome here . 
  tsunami free since 100,000 b.c. 
   entire island earthquake free . 
  nice .
