  i 'd like to think that when the french sub scored this big `` kill '' the french captain said to himself `` that 's for the simpsons and that cheese-eating-surrender-monkey phrase !, 
  i 've no problem with it surviving on it 's own merits . 
  seeing massive amounts of money pissed down the drain to keep it on life support and seeing generation after generation of irish kids with no interest in learning it forced to learn it is where i take issue . 
  too much world class beef , lamb and pork for comparable prices to fish . 
  if you can have a giant big fuck-off steak or some dubiously sourced cod most of us are going to pick the steak nine times out of ten . 
  on this issue he speaks for the island . 
  we had a meeting and everything so it 's official . 
  leather jacket guy can go fornicate himself . 
  near death , thankfully . 
  they obviously got tired of getting bullied by the germans and are bringing up a reminder that the germans ca n't sit too securely up on that high horse of their 's . 
  i admire the greeks for having the balls to do this . 
  they need to keep up the anti-west soundbytes to keep the far left idiots in europe on their side . 
  no surprise really . 
  sweden bottom of the masculinity table ? 
  no ^ surprise ^ really, 
   germany can stay in and take care of their empire of poverty bad things followed the last time the germans were overran with poverty . 
  if it does happen you better have the 21st century bef ready to embark . 
   ireland - black panther ( you do n't hear often from them , but they 're doing well ) tempted to post a specific clip from the commitments . 
  welcome to merkel 's germany . 
  if 4chan can troll feminists into thinking free bleeding is an actual thing and an actual way to fight the patriarchy then it 's only a matter of time before someone convinces that sort that europe having fewer children would indeed free up space for more migrants . 
  `` lee-son vary carefully , i shall say zis only wance ! '', 
  shaking hands with new people/people you know but not well would be the norm . 
  among mates it depends on the people but most would hug and kiss hello . 
  that 's all that you can resort to because you know you do n't have a leg to stand on . 
  the question now is just exactly how sinister is your actual agenda ? 
  but we both know i 'm right , darling . 
  you 're just so busy trying to show how superior you are with your misguided and self-righteous islamophilia that you are n't able to admit it . 
   if there was disrespect happening here , i would agree with you . 
  there is disrespect . 
  the women are basically being told they are lesser/unclean and the muslims wo n't lower themselves to touch them . 
  unfortunately for the women of europe the left have decided that muslims are higher in their pyramid of perceived victimhood and are acting accordingly . 
  there 's a reason the orange order influenced the early days of the kkk . 
  just remind them of that and explain that the hate in the north never went away . 
  the raf was close to breaking and then hitler threw his toys out of the pram and ordered british cities flattened instead of keeping up the pressure on the raf . 
  so , as i said , you 've gotten lucky in your own history but still celebrate it nonetheless . 
  yet you seem surprisingly bitter about others doing the same . 
  you 're not one of those sad bastards that thinks the empire was the best thing ever , are you ? 
  the national trait of following orders still remains strong . 
  only this time around it 's a different form of madness they have allowed to take over and issue the commands . 
  we are teaching the rest of the world the cost of the liberal left having such power and influence . 
  we just hope you learn from our doom and do n't repeat our mistakes . 
   you got lucky . 
  like you lot did with the battle of britain . 
  does n't stop ye celebrating it though . 
  they try but it 's about the sort of mindless extremism you would expect . 
  people outside the island forget how bad the orange order are . 
  recently they have been getting foamy at the mouth over the fact that catholic civil servants in the north have been committing such crimes as talking about gaa at work or bringing in mugs with their gaa teams on them . 
  it 's bad enough to them that the civil service in the north is allowed to hire catholics now but for them to express their culture is doubly unforgivable . 
  and if you want to see hate you should see what some of the loyalists/unionists have been saying online about the easter rising , or indeed any aspect of irish history we choose to celebrate . 
  their `` culture '' is a toxic one based on hate and spite and they are increasingly becoming more isolated and parochial as ireland and the rest of europe pass them by . 
  yes , and i 've been out drinking in england too . 
  one is tangibly worse and more violent . 
   in london the groups of continental school kids can be exceptionally annoying , especially the spanish ones who speak so fucking loudly . 
  it 's always a heart-sinking moment when you 're on a busy rush hour train home from the office and you pull into a platform that has a mob of 30 of them waiting to get on . 
  ca n't believe i had to scroll this far down the thread to find someone say this . 
  and do n't get me started on how the dopey fuckers think doorways to shops , banks etc are the only place to park themselves as a mob and talk and refuse to get out of anyone 's way to let them in or out . 
  that 's when i get elbowy . 
  not our fault you lot ca n't hold your beer . 
  we drink too much and you get sing songs . 
  you lot drink too much and you get fist fights . 
  guess which one most host nations prefer ? 
   but to stress my main point , singling out ireland is ludicrous do n't stress out over it . 
  most of the time it 's jingoistic fuckers who ca n't accept their nations do n't have empires any more but still get their noses out of joint when they see smaller nations `` rising above their station '' . 
  you have to just laugh at people from england , france and germany acting like their nations are somehow economically without sin and smaller nations are damned sinners for lowering their corporate tax . 
  they can fuck right off . 
  they 're not taking the six nations loss to scotland at all well if they are trying to sabre rattle like this ... 
  germany - always demanding things . 
  always wondering why people dislike them . 
  never able to work out that the two things are linked . 
   meanwhile , what germany sends to france when the wind blows from east ... count your blessings . 
  it used to be mustard gas they sent ... 
  austrians : likeable germans . 
   and i did come across friendly young officers in portugal . 
  tmi . 
  yeah , no shit . 
  not yet but we 're getting there . 
  our universities have seen a massive surge in us-style identity politics bullshit and it 's filtering out from there . 
  australia is n't as riddled with pc wankers as europe is though . 
  the first politician to even suggest that policy will be hounded out of office as a `` racist '' . 
  then there 's the fact that the asian people trying to get to australia by sea are way , way less violent than the sort trying to get to europe . 
  they 'd actually try to fight back against armed marines and navy units and get themselves killed . 
  then you 'd face the spectre of the left losing it 's mind and demanding even more migrants be allowed in to `` make amends '' . 
  i 'll get a lot of amusement from the amount of people here and in america throwing absolute tantrums should he win . 
  illuminati confirmed . 
   how come european nations are to bear the brunt of the refugee crisis ? 
  because we are weak and all the migrants sense that . 
   even the refugees will pay off in 15 years why are you so keen to get rid of them all then ... ? 
   the point is : if you do n't show solidarity , why should we ? 
  what solidarity has germany shown us in recent years ? 
  and why on earth do you think we would show solidarity with you now in return ? 
   where would ireland be without eu money ? 
  where would germany be without the us marshall plan money to rebuild itself ? 
   we just close the borders and let hungary and the rest of eastern europe handle the situation on their own . 
  no fucks given . 
  do so then . 
  free the people of europe from your overbearing self-righteousness and let them handle the refugee crisis as they see fit , without worrying what sanctimonious germans will make the eu do to them . 
  and it is unutterably pathetic to refer to a historic event that took place 70 years ago . 
  if that is all you have , you can go . ), 
  since guilt over that event , mixed with the never-ending german desire for power and control is at the very core of the ongoing crisis at the moment why on earth should we ignore it ? 
  we wo n't overlook germany 's shame to spare your feelings .
