i knew it was roundup before even checking the link . 
  controversial alright . 
  true , my mistake , i meant immigrants . 
  the number of refugees is insignificant as there were only around two thousand applications for asylum submitted by ukrainians last year . 
  even more insignificant when compared to about million ukrainian economic migrants that arrived to poland over last couple of years . 
  my point still stands though , there is not much problem with them . 
  i know that first hand . 
  no such clear situation with syrian refugees though . 
  a large part of them is n't even syrian , some of them are also simply economic migrants by choice and , sadly , a small fraction is just dangerous people . 
  me likey . 
   we ca n't create a new country for the refugees because that would mean displacing some other people , making them effectively also refugees . 
  israel disagrees with you . 
   the only solution is to give give the war refugees only a temporary shelter in neighboring countries . 
  israel disagrees with you even more . 
   sending refugees from all over the world to sweden or poland is insanity . 
  did i mention that israel disagrees with you ? 
  joking aside , poland does indeed take ukrainian refugees in . 
  there is not much problem with that , if any . 
  very telling , is n't it ? 
  something to do with , i do n't know , religion ? 
  culture ? 
  being european ? 
  if islamism if fascism , does n't it imply that islam is fascist ? 
  i would love to know noam chomsky 's opinion about it . 
  after all the shit that the west did to them it 's easy to blame west for their countries ' shitty situation . 
  hell , even some sane westerners say it 's their own fault . 
  his theory holds up perfectly , albeit only for those who escaped and left their bombed neighbourhood in this or previous generations . 
  as for those who were n't bombed or torn by war , the answer is even simpler : kalifat or islamic state means total control over people , oil , terrain and money . 
  can you explain what do you mean by `` global jihadism '' ? 
  there just was n't any junk food , sugary soda drinks , much less sweets than now and people drank more vodka than beer . 
  nothing that a healthy modern diet can not replicate . 
   persecution ** prosecution . 
  right wing majority in parliament , right wing prime minister and president , whole ministry board , bishops calling on masses and his excellency ceo playing politicians like puppets and you dare claim people protest against democratic submission ? 
  in a country where constitution is being followed this whole situation would be reversed , because it would stop religious freaks from forcing their delusional views in the name of `` god '' at the very beginning . 
  you went so deep in the rabbit hole that you ca n't find a ray of light anymore . 
  they would n't buy more goods , they would just work less , killing the economy completely . 
  on radio news they 've said that during the event there will be additional police forces on duty in detoxification detention centers in the cities involved . 
  they were particularly happy about having officers that speak english and french . 
  no spanish though which kind of worried them . 
  you mean human lefts . 
  if any other religion believer or a person of different nationality ancestors , hell , even moderate or little-practicing muslims can adapt and identify with westerners pretty well then maybe there indeed is some problems with islam itself ? 
  why is it so binary - you follow koran to the letter you end up secluded and radical nut , you are moderate - you cope well ? 
  and yes , i know islam is dependent on koran interpretation . 
  dozens of millions of people have already died because of that since islam became a religion . 
  as interpretation is a strictly personal thing , it is impossible to treat or judge every muslim the same way . 
  and maybe , just maybe european muslims need just that : official , western interpretation of koran , compatible with western values and laws that would make them able to fully identify with both : their country and their religion . 
  you are either westerner or get the hell back to kalifat . 
  delegalize what makes terrorism possible and offer lawful alternative . 
  defend those who accede . 
  i understand this would lead to another conflict of western muslims with radical sunni , shia or whatever . 
  however , this is not middle east . 
  the west could stand and actually defend all of their citizens regardless of religion ( yes , muslims too ) against the radicals instead of treating them like ticking bomb no one knows how to diffuse . 
  yes , this would cause another internal conflict between pro-european muslims and pro-east ones , but europe has means to fight external enemies . 
  it 's the internal that are causing problems . 
  edit : i know this is naiive wishful speculating , but so was every other solution to this rather big problem that i 've already seen . 
  i agree with your point of us escalating conflicts when it serves their agenda . 
  it is a war of terror . 
  it happens again and again , last time with trump bombing syria after allegedly watching tv news . 
  however , this is not the reaction i wish to see in europe . 
  i do n't want sweden declaring war on middle east . 
  almost every terrorist from recent attack was known to police . 
  this means they either lock none of similar radicals in europe or their number is already so great it 's impossible to even keep tabs on them . 
  i think it 's the latter and if so , it means the only thing left is to fight radicalism even harder . 
  here , locally , just like you fight gangs or mafia . 
  there are means for that and they * will * be implemented . 
  it 's unavoidable , as at some point in the future the most radical , populistic and sadly unfair policies will become a way for some parties to win future elections . 
  if so , they might as well start working on preemptive laws now , when the public is still somewhat objective and critical ( it did n't happen yet because politicians are worried about inevitable public backlash ) , otherwise we will have the repeat of what you mentioned happened after 9/11 with both : patriot act and war of terror , not to mention really , really bad discrimination at societal and systemic level against immigrants and refugees . 
  look at what happened in my country after one gone-bad elections . 
  look at what happened with britain . 
  it was n't that way a few years ago . 
  you have n't died by , for example , a falling vending machine or getting electrocuted by a blender because probably at some point in history someone already did die this way . 
  it led to investigation , conclusion , trial if there was a neglect and proper regulations and laws were made so that a similar accident does n't happen in the future . 
  and here you say to ignore terrorism because someone might slip on a banana peel . 
  i think it even has a name - gross negligence . 
  according to some people in this thread applying for a refugee status would keep them covered thanks to geneva convention . 
  drop them with a parachute . 
  terrorists - without one . 
  still , maybe only then their families and friends would finally keep would-be terrorists in check , otherwise there is absolutely no reason for them to fight radicalization in sweden , france , england etc. 
  you want to live in a modern soviet europe , then better learn how to use all of their methods . 
  blood did n't dry yet and some say ` though life , not much can be done , carry on ' in this thread , waiting until it all escalates into civil wars in europe instead of doing everything to wipe out radicals now . 
  yes , even at the cost of deporting some muslim families . 
  it is too late to say local muslim communities are not involved and hilariously hypocritical when some super tolerant europeans want to punish my whole country on the premise of being too far to the other side . 
  did n't your country just cheer for trump for bombing syria yesterday ? 
   they caused the `` crisis '' in the first place . 
  how the bloody hell you came up with this conclusion is simply beyond me . 
  you remember some facts correctly , but causality lies and weeps . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  that does n't really answer my question . 
  how much do they pay you ? 
  holy shit , a chav that can write . 
  if 1,5 millions of ukrainians working in poland is not a `` real foreign immigration wave '' then i do n't know what is . 
  true , and yet terrorists get excused from those same muslims more often than from any other group . 
  if it was different , they would fight radical islamism in the west as hard as they did fight the ` western oppression ' on islam in europe in the last couple of decades . 
  instead , some cynical bastards or just stupid people blame only west for the radicalization of third and second generation of muslims , terrorism included , sending very clear message : * everything wrong regarding islam that is happening in europe and the east is west 's fault , therefore everything bad that happens there and to them is completely excused and/or understandable . 
  * that 's the dark side of playing the victim card too often . 
  well , the front fell off . 
  his english is indeed fine , it 's your cognitive skills that are lacking . 
  i think not letting him out would suffice . 
  i almost tripped over one yesterday . 
  they are usually easy to spot because while drinking they behave like poles after winning a lottery ... and we all know how rare it is to win .
