well , i can explain ireland anyway , the gdp statistic is skewed by all the finance , medicine , aerospace and it companies that are letterheaded for their eu revenues here , but pay tax on it in their home country ( usually the united states ) . 
  the money is booked on irish gdp stats but never actually touches the irish economy . 
  the irish cso uses a different stat - gni to measure the actual size of the real economy , which would be much lower ( about 10 % less ) . 
  we do probably underinvest in culture and entertainment especially relative to it 's importance in our society , but not as drastically as it appears there . 
  russia did n't orchestrate the migrant crisis ( the us and it 's allies arguably did by invading libya and funding `` rebel '' forces in syria ) but they 're sure as shit funnelling money into the resurgent far right political parties generating hysteria and division over it . 
  they do n't need to orchestrate a crisis , all they have to do is take advantage of it by boosting the profile of the political groups who 'll advocate the most extreme and regressive responses to it . 
  does n't really matter to them what the `` leaning '' of that group might be - during the financial crisis , several far left activist anti-austerity groups were exposed with russian links , and now it 's the far right . 
  it 's not about an ideology , it 's about what 's most disruptive to the political and social establishment in europe . 
  hell , the election of this horse 's ass in the first place is symptomatic of the normalization of crazy you mentioned . 
  there seems to be a huge subset of the us population that 's being corralled on a rollercoaster of hate , fear and paranoia . 
  looking at the spectrum of us media that now has the likes of infowars and breitbart on the right fringe , fox news is now looking like the centre . 
  * fox news * for fuck 's sake . 
  see there 's the difference . 
  the irish are ** not ** british and would never accept any label that implies they are . 
  haha , another wall of text . 
  go fuck yourself asshole . 
  i 'm not full of shit . 
  this is a real phenomenon and any irish person who 's spent any time in the uk could tell you about it . 
  as for the media , there are articles all the time highlighting issues like this . 
  the irish times , journal.ie , irish examiner . 
  your google prowess must be terrible if you ca n't find them . 
  i ca n't even imagine what search terms you 'd use looking for this that would n't be flooded with irrelevant results . 
   i 've just spent a while trying to find any reference to this supposed nationwide ignorance . 
  no matter how many different ways i type the query into google , there is nothing referencing a significant number of brits not knowing that ireland is an independent country . 
  there is n't any mention of it at all . 
  if this ignorance was as widespread as you lot are making it out to be then i would n't have to rely on your anecdotal evidence . 
  it would be there for me to find on google , documented . 
  there 'd be at least one irish publication referencing it if this was something that a significant number of irish people had experienced . 
  your incredulity is cute , and the fact that you 're trying to research this is frankly hilarious  there is n't some blank spot in british education concerning ireland . 
  it makes zero sense that a lot of otherwise smart , well educated brits would for some inexplicable reason not know that the irish republic is not an independent country . 
  really ? 
  because i 've heard otherwise . 
  that there 's practically nothing in the british curriculum about british-irish history , and it shows . 
  on average , british people seem to know * very * little about events between these islands over the last millennium . 
  you learn about monarchs , hastings , republican civil war , a bit about the empire ( but very little of the brutality of it ) , and a whole lotta churchill and world war ii . 
  that 's what * british * people have said several times around this website about what you 're taught in history class . 
   there 's got to be more to it than what you guys are saying . 
  this obviously has something to do with n.ireland . 
  any normal brit would have only react with incredulity if they thought you had claimed that the whole island of ireland is independent of the uk . 
  or perhaps the confusion was about ireland being lumped into the term ` british isles ' . 
  whatever it is , it 's not what you guys are making it out to be . 
  there 's just no way that a significant number of brits would be ignorant on the matter of irish sovereignty . 
  many of them definitely simply think ireland is not a country . 
  that both islands are the territory of the uk . 
  that 's not a misunderstanding about what they think , it comes up all the time . 
  we practically * expect * it meeting a british person . 
  ireland does n't figure in their perception of the world at all really . 
  they know there are irish people , but they think we 're like scots or welsh - just part of the family , all under one crown . 
  look , i 'm done arguing with you . 
  you can believe what you want , but look around this thread , i 'm far from the only one saying it . 
  there 's no scientific study about it , or statistic , because nobody in britain is even bothered enough to find out . 
  that 's how little ireland figures in the british psyche . 
  because you say so ? 
  you ca n't see why there 'd be a difference at all ? 
    a large number of british people do not know ireland is an independent country . 
    i do n't believe this is true at all . 
  what do you think we 're fucking stupid or something ? 
  it 's basic knowledge . 
  well , it is true . 
  infer from that what you will . 
  id say it 's ignorance rather than stupidity . 
   you 're either misinterpreting what people are saying , exaggerating what they 're saying , or exaggerating how many british idiot 's you 've spoken to . 
  because you 'd have to be a complete and utter moron not to know that ireland is an independent country . 
  you 're the one saying that , not me . 
  all i can say is i 've met several otherwise intelligent well educated british people who reacted with incredulity at the idea that ireland was a wholly separate and independent country . 
  it 's not some lie and we 're not making it up . 
  or it 's different and americans do n't seem to understand that . 
  for starters , `` america '' was always a catch-all term for the new world . 
  all the same , call a mexican or a canadian `` american '' and you can expect to be rebuked about it . 
  or , since you 're not irish you 've never been presented by it . 
  you said yourself ireland does n't come up much . 
  it is most definitely a thing . 
  how many more people do you need to tell you so ? 
  a large number of british people do not know ireland is an independent country . 
  that 's a fact that can be verified by talking to any irish person who 's spent any time at all in the uk . 
  hell , british people * visiting ireland * have said so to me . 
  wikipedia also has an article about the controversy over the use of the term . 
  given wikipedia is n't authoritive anyway , one 's as good as another . 
  as for it 's use in common parlance , that 's fine . 
  i 'm sure those people would just accept it and refrain from using it again , at least to an irish person . 
  we 're used enough to blind spots and ignorance from the general british public about ireland and british-irish issues - you 're right , most of them do n't know better . 
  but there are definitely a minority subset who 'll insist upon it anyway , and make an argument out of it . 
  digging through any of the threads with these people and you tend to find they 're actual imperialists with a chip on their shoulder over irish independence , and some remark attempting to dismiss or delegitimise the irish state will come into it at some point . 
  this does n't come from nowhere , and the undercurrent of supremacy might not be obvious to a british person who is n't even aware of the issues in the first place , but it 's very obvious to an irish person . 
  it 's like the dup - most unionists are decent people , who prefer to remain part of the uk for sensible , practical reasons . 
  they 'd probably even accept reunification if it was certain it 'd improve their lives ( plenty of irish nationalists in the north are in the same boat ) , but the fact remains they endorse , and consistently vote for racist , bigoted , supremacists who seek to restore and prepetuate an apartheid state against their neighbours . 
  they gain legitimacy from the support of normal decent people who do n't know or care about the truth about the people representing them . 
  so we have to talk about it . 
  we have to bring it up . 
  we have to agitate a little against it , and assert the identity , not to win over the nasty cretins who 'll never change , but to show the innocent british folks on the fence that there is an issue , and maybe they should be more reluctant to fall in with that minority . 
  tends to be the case when this stuff is made clear , that ordinary british people are horrified to learn the truth - like the media 's dup 101 articles and guides , when they joined the tories in government and many of the british public had their first taste of these cretins . 
  it 's definitely better that they know , at least . 
  and it remains a bugbear because despite this being pointed out , and having no excuse for not knowing why being labeled `` british '' would be offensive to an irish person , they insist vehemently that the term is valid , neutral and apolitical anyway . 
  even though it 's clearly and demonstrably not . 
  there 's more than an air of `` stupid paddy , do as your betters tell you '' about the whole thing . 
  if this is based on subscribers , ireland gets a lot because a lot of people go to that subreddit for tourism purposes , and plenty end up subscribing . 
  how about letting them call their territory what they want , and not insisting on imposing their definitions on territory they do n't control ? 
  it 's not as though they left us with much of a language to call our own , what with the deliberately stamping it out and all . 
  well he 's president of the united states now , so obviously it worked out pretty well for him . 
  makes sense , i wondered if it was something like this .
