this was over 18 months ago lmao and the party itself obviously didnt agree it was just some dude in the youth party who thought so but nice bait . 
  i hate to say that refugees/immigrants themselves have ruined the country , but our immigration policy is beyond retarded . 
  the government does n't believe in assimilation . 
  they believe that people who come here should n't adapt to our culture . 
  they should just pretend it 's `` somalia but colder '' . 
  example . 
  a muslim immigrant wanted a job here in sweden ( migration board iirc , rather irrelevant ) but refused to shake hands with his female boss . 
  because `` according to his religion '' he had to wash his hands after if he shook hands with a woman . 
  since he obviously had to shake hands with his boss , he was denied the job and got offended . 
  so he contacted the discimination board and they immediatly gave him 30,000 sek and the female boss was given a warning and was told that she should respect their multicultural view . 
  the most annoying thing about this is that nowhere in islam does it say you cant touch women . 
  in islam , you greet by putting your hand on your heart . 
  regardless , this is sweden and now iraq . 
  so you greet people by shaking hands . 
  just like in japan you tend to bow when greeting someone . 
  if i went to japan i would n't refuse to bow because odin tells me to shake hands !, 
  another thing that is mostly a personal pet peeve , is that i want to hear swedish . 
  when i go on the bus or metro , i prefer hearing swedish or at least english . 
  arabic is a beautiful language and if it was n't so goddamn difficult id love to learn it . 
  but when i 'm on vacation in france for example , i get pretty homesick quickly if i surround myself with people i have no clue what theyre talking about . 
  hearing other people speak swedish and seeing swedish street signs is what makes me feel at home . 
  now it feels like im in a foriegn country . 
  its just a personal pet peeve and i cant demand people to speak swedish . 
  although i think if you truly want to live here , you got ta surround yourself with swedes . 
  youll naturally learn swedish if you hang out with swedes . 
  and again , this isnt really the immigrants fault . 
  its that sweden takes a city and be like `` lets send 10000 people here '' so its a bunch of immigrants there and no swedes . 
  so theyre not living in sweden , theyre living in `` little somalia '' . 
  norway and denmark have assimilation classes that work out very well . 
  id love to see sweden follow the same road . 
  one of my biggest problems with the large immigration is the lack of housing . 
  for years we have had a housing crisis so bad you can have to wait for up to 15 years to get an apartment . 
  sexual predators are seriously selling housing for sex . 
  students who got a degree or a good job have to stay with their parents because there simply is nowhere to live . 
  so how do we solve the problem with too many people ? 
  bring more people here !, 
  now your original question was `` do immigrant do de rape ?? '', 
  and yeah . 
  they do . 
  we dont have much statistics of which ethnicity commits crime etc. 
  but a study from 2005 suggested that immigrants are at least twice more likely than swedes to commit rape or sexual violence . 
  the amount of rapes reported have doubled since 2012 . 
  and a common explanation for this is that women feel more comfortable in reporting rape nowadays and that the way swedish legislation defines rape is more broad . 
  100 rapes on the same person in india will count as 1 rape , while 100 rapes on the same person in sweden will count as 100 rapes . 
  you can not compare rape statistics internationally because of this . 
  statistically , saudi arabia is more progressive than sweden because there you need to 4 male witnesses to confirm the rape . 
  and if the victim isnt believed by the court , she is stoned . 
  so of couse women never report there . 
  but studies show that women actually feel less comfortable in reporting in sweden . 
  so reports have doubled while women feel less comfortable reporting . 
  clearly something is wrong . 
  and this is another problem that is so incredibly easy to solve . 
  deport the fuckers . 
  deport any immigrants accused of rape or murder etc. 
  and keep the good law abiding citizens . 
  its kids logic . 
  take away bad shit and keep good shit . 
  how can a government not realize this ? 
  music festivals does n't have to be immigrant fuckfests if we have no rapist immigrants here . 
  deport criminal immigrants . 
  problem at least partially solved . 
  so tl ; dr immigrants themselves arent having severe negative effects on us , the way we deal with them does . 
  this is just my subjective opinion . 
  some swedes hate every immigrants guts , some of us will completely bend over ( quite literally tbh ) to immigrants and some like immigration but believes sweden can have falafel and kebab without multiculturalism . 
  like me . 
  a youtuber i 'd recommend is `` angry foreigner '' . 
  he does a great job explaining the problems with our immigration and he is himself a refugee from bosnia in the 90 's . 
  yeah because hungary and poland are so diverse , liberal and accepting of everyone / s, 
  in sweden youre not allowed to carry a sharp object in a public place unless its locked and concealed and youre over 18 . 
  i havent seen a handgun in my entire life except on police officers and i dont recall if it was sweden or norway that kept the ammo in the car . 
  youre not even allowed to carry pepperspray . 
  can someone explain how these guys count ? 
  northern sweden has a lot of hunters with rifles , but they sure as hell dont make up for 1/3 . 
  im i wasnt the firdt that noticed the meme potential of this . 
  * did you hear norway sells all their oil to saudi arabia ? 
  hungary is first . 
  who would have thought . 
  if you changed anti-semitic to islamophobic this chart will be really mirrored . 
  sweden and italy will definitelly be more than 4/20 respectively 4/20 xdddd, 
  when people sweden 's socialdemokraterna are actually socialists feelsbadman, 
  see guys ? 
  war is fine as long as you can make money off of it !, 
  `` travelling to ilios . '', 
  anyone ? 
  swedish has shield toad , nose horn dust succer as well, 
  indeed . 
  missed golden opportunity . 
  * last night in saudi arabia *, 
  you can call my country saudi arabia all you want but you do not compare the filthy infidels of norway to our beautiful , glorious nation !, 
  russia doesnt like nato and neither does sweden . 
  but even if we joined nato they wouldnt invade us . 
  what reason do they even have ? 
  what a great way to establish peace ... 
  as a side note , the correct translation of dairy is `` mejerier '' but people use mj\u00f6lk instead ( meaning `` milk '' ), 
  an easier and more simple way to say it is `` jag \u00e4r allergisk mot gluten , mj\u00f6lk och \u00e4gg '' . 
  the majority of populists i see are just special snowflakes . 
  so maybe i got the definition of populism wrong . 
  it seems to me that populism has just become `` if you disagree with me thats a violation of freedom of speech '' . 
  thats why i now consider myself an `` anti-elitist '' instead of populist . 
  over 90 % of the swedish population wants medicinal cannabis to be allowed .
