yeah , i 've just looked over at / r/hockey . 
  so , i really do n't know anything about hockey and i have to ask , was the judging questionable , or is it just butthurt speaking ? 
  personally , i think russia * is * turning a blind eye to the volunteers who cross over into ukraine . 
  but you know , chechnya is a part of russia , chechenians are free to travel all over their country . 
  so , it was n't exacly * letting * them travel through russia , they already have that right . 
  at this point i really do n't think it 's that tough for a group of 34 men to cross over from russia to ukraine . 
  as foreigners in russia go , i 'd think you 're a rare type , you have n't been to moscow ( and i guess european russia ) , but instead to vladivostok , a somewhat more exotic destination . 
  are you there for studies or work ? 
  how do you like it ? 
  you know , the sad part is that plenty of people reading this sub will take the `` all of our territory up to germany '' remark completely seriously and will once again be outraged over the evils of russian imperialism . 
   out of the center , sidewalk and stairs are pretty dangerous . 
  sidewalk has holes , stairs were not built correctly . 
  my friend rolled her ankle and it bad ... 
  i think that sidewalks can be included under ` roads ' , their maintenance often leaves much to be desired , that 's true . 
  also , sorry for what happened to your friend . 
  i think that vladivostok is quite cool as a destination for foreigners who want to learn russian , definitely a road less traveled than moscow or st. petersburg . 
  though depending on what your home country is , it would probably also be a somewhat bigger culture shock . 
  are you there for long ? 
  ok , i first thought that you were being somewhat sarcastic , now i think you 're trolling . 
  and i see absolutely no reason why russia would even want to touch western-ukraine with a ten foot pole ( also ` estonia , bulgaria , poland ' wtf ? 
  `` we must continue to build this momentum and reclaim * all of our territory up to germany . 
  * '' and `` also it is the right of russia to rule all slavic people as has been indicated by history . '', 
  oh and `` estonia , bulgaria , poland , and ukraine all hoping that russia will have the balls to return them back under a great slavic union . '', 
  haha , no . 
  only according to the ukrainian and western media . 
  crimea * was * a wildly popular move in russia , though of course you had other voices complaining about the economic burden of taking crimea and how it would worsen international relations . 
  now , even south-eastern ukraine is not the same to russians if you compare it to crimea . 
  people have a lot of sympathy for the people in eastern ukraine and in general see them as the victims of the current ukrainian government . 
  but the opinions are much more divided on what russia should actually be doing . 
  there are a lot of people who think that eastern ukraine would not be bearable economically and do n't want russian soldiers to die in any sort of liberation attempt , so basically eastern ukrainians should liberate themselves , with only indirect russian support . 
  there 's very little support for any moves towards western ukraine , the general idea at this point is that they can go ~ ~ fuck themselves ~ ~ to the eu and let 's let europe deal with their shit . 
  * estonia , bulgaria , poland ... * how anybody could claim with a straight face that russians have any desire to occupy them , is beyond me . 
  i 'm russian , i 'm pretty that i 've never sang '' \u0414\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0433\u043e\u0439 \u0434\u043b\u0438\u043d\u043d\u043e\u044e '' in my life , unlike katyusha , to me katyusha is the more popular song . 
  though obviously you tend to mostly hear it before and during victory day . 
  thanks for the input !, 
  i think it 's interesting to have someone both russian and gay in the thread ( even if you live abroad ) . 
  this might be difficult for you to judge , but do you feel that the society at large has become * more * conservative on the issue of gay rights in the last years ? 
  this is a small example , but if you remember there was this popular pop song in the beginning of 2000s ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkx8iqcuscc ) . 
  the video clip of that being basically a guy frolicking around with a cross dresser . 
  i think it was made with an intention to be somewhat shocking to the general public , but i remember zero moral outrage in my surroundings . 
  i was quite young , but for the people around me , if they saw this clip , this was just a complete non-issue . 
  and i suppose now , such a clip would n't be made , i mean , if that 's not `` homosexual propaganda '' then i do n't know what is . 
  i think that russians generally get very defensive about this topic in conversations with foreigners , because to us it 's just a very small part of life . 
  i think most people go through everyday life , without really thinking about gay people , making life tough for them or harassing/harming them is not somehow our goal in life . 
  to have this be * the * most talked about topic in debates with foreigners , feels like it 's way blown out of proportion . 
  obviously it does n't feel like that to actual gay people . 
  i think it 's a shame this debate has been so politicized and is being framed as an issue of russia vs the west , that 's definitely doing a disservice to the general acceptance of gay rights in russia . 
  russia already had open borders with belarus and kazakhstan . 
  realistically , russian was absolutely not going to introduce travel restrictions for belarus . 
  this is not some kind of new development that suddenly prevents visa-free travel with the eu ( we were nowhere near that point ) . 
  why should russia not create whatever ( trade ) unions it sees as necessary ? 
  it 's not like europe is very inviting to russia . 
  if a group of kids does n't want to play with you , you better start your own group , or you 'll be standing there alone . 
   you could no work in belarus all the sudden whereas that is legal now, 
  idk , i personally have no experience with this . 
  but i was pretty sure that people from belarus and kazakhstan already had preferential treatment in comparison with other cis states when it came to work , i might have been wrong . 
  still , what we had was close enough to that , if this gets rid of the last bureaucratic problems , that 's great . 
   russia is free to do whatever it wants but that does not mean i have to like or support it . 
  of course , but it 's not like russia had any real options in europe , and actively chose to ignore them . 
  if europe is not interested , russia has no obligation to keep clinging to it . 
  russia is n't choosing between europe and eurasia , the offer of europe is n't on the table . 
   russia had ( note , past tense ) plenty of options in europe . 
  i 'm curious , can you give me an example ? 
  it means ` have a good day ' . 
  you can use it in exactly the same situations where you 'd use ` have a good day ' in english , not much difference there . 
  also ' \u0432\u0437\u0430\u0438\u043c\u043d\u043e ' is used often is this context . 
  * is that you , cccp _ ? 
  how is the standard of life in bosnia in comparison with the other balkan countries ? 
  i would n't expect many bosnians to want to join a union with russia , though , honestly , i do n't know much about bosnia . 
  yeah , you 're not really being subtle . 
  got ta work on that a bit more . 
  `` putin must drive on his momentum from regaining crimea and send out peacekeepers to the rest of eastern europe . 
  annex all the states into russian federation '' vs `` putin needs to be more assertive since he has full backing if the russian people since taking back crimea . 
  we must continue to build this momentum and reclaim all of our territory up to germany '' . 
  i 'm a native . 
  i 've listened to the recordings you gave and i 'm not hearing the ` i ' . 
  they are pronouncing it correctly and they 're going ` neem-no-ga ' , definitely not ` neem i noga ' . 
  mcdonalds is expensive ? 
  i honestly do n't know anybody who * wants * to eat all their meals in mcdonalds , but just ca n't afford to . 
  plenty of people eat there from time to time of course , but it 's not some massive unattainable attraction . 
  people do prefer homemade meals , but in my experience that was also true in western europe , do n't know about us though . 
  again , in my experience food in russia is not unhealthier than food in various other european countries . 
  i 'm actually confused why it should be . 
  as a russian who spent some time in the uk , i really ca n't say that our food is unhealthy in comparison . 
  ` heavy ' foodstuffs like shuba are usually not a part of the daily staple . 
  on a daily basis people eat ordinary meals , like various soups , meat , fish , potatoes , salads , kasha and the like . 
  it 's also always possible to adjust to your personal taste , personally i really hate mayonnaise and wo n't eat anything with that stuff , so you know , i just do n't eat it , not a challenge . 
  so , if you do n't like `` sour cream , mayonnaise , pastry , butter '' , do n't eat it , in st pete , you should have plenty of other options if you decide to eat out . 
  shops are also packed with a variety of products , if you want to cook for yourself . 
  op , you really should n't call anybody ' \u0447\u0451\u0440\u043d\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0436\u0438\u0439 ' , that sounds quite offensive . 
  though , i must say i 've never actually heard this word , not a term people really use . 
  if you want to talk about somebody of african descent just use the word ' \u043d\u0435\u0433\u0440 ' , it 's completely neutral in russian . 
  the word ' \u0447\u0451\u0440\u043d\u044b\u0439 ' ( black ) is usually used for caucasians i think ( but better not to use it ) . 
  wow , that 's certainly not the case in my home town of 500 000 . 
  i wonder if that 's really going to be useful for the syrian kids . 
  russian is quite a practical choice in most of the former su republics , but syria ? 
  i suppose it 's a political move , but i do n't see the practical point . 
  oh , i 'd say both sexes in russia can be quite sexist . 
  but as a woman i never actually felt that my worth as a human being was somehow less in russia than in western europe ( never been to us , ca n't compare ) . 
  i do n't know , i have a hard time labeling russia as a traditional society , sometimes i feel that it 's more a case of wishful thinking for both women and men over here , that we are actually a traditional society .
