   and do n't worry about being politically correct , that 's not really an issue in russia , and the concept is probably strange to many russians . 
  i know that people like to say that , but there are certainly things that are considered less than appropriate . 
  it * is * possible to be considered rude in russia . 
  i 'd be very confused if i was chatting with a colleague and he/she decided to use a slur when talking about a different ethnicity . 
  if for example the word '' \u0447\u0435\u0440\u043d\u043e\u0436\u043e\u043f\u044b\u0439 '' would be used for a caucasian , or '' \u0436\u0438\u0434 '' for a jewish person . 
  that would be totally inappropriate . 
  lack of political correctness is one thing , but using downright insulting language is something else and should be avoided . 
  i agree with you , i just wanted to say this for the benefit of op , since he 's foreign and i did not want to leave an impression that anything goes in russia , as far as this is concerned . 
  pretty logical of course , but sometimes people can misinterpret foreign cultures . 
   but most russians would be unfazed by the idea that some people are offended by a term not intended to be offensive , and would n't think to make up less-offensive terms . 
  definitely this . 
  perhaps i 'm too russian , but i see no good reason why we should change terms in our own language that are already not meant to be offensive . 
  that 's why i certainly have no problems if for example lithuanian or czech people when they at first speak russian use '' \u0436\u0438\u0434 '' if they have no intent to offend . 
  though , of course , after this would be pointed out , i 'd expect them to change the way they use that word in * russian * , after all , that 's a natural part of learning a new language . 
  * twice a year * . 
  i 'm russian and i must say that it 's not my favorite fast food , so have i just missed the fact that the prices there have skyrocketed ? 
  i actually do think that in other places you can get better quality for a lower price , and many people do prefer other fast food places to mc precisely because they like the food more and it costs less . 
  still , plenty of people do occasionally visit mcdonalds . 
  you know , people actually go out and eat in more expensive places . 
  oh , i think the quality of food you get in mcdonalds is not the best for the price you have to pay . 
  if i 'm in a mood for fast food i do n't usually go to mc . 
  but you know , even the people who * like * the food there , just do n't want to eat it daily . 
  most people go there for an occasional hamburger and it 's not some wildly expensive unattainable option . 
  in my experience many people who actually rely on fast food on daily bases go to other places and people who only occasionally go out to eat , prefer better quality food . 
  still , i think mcdonalds is always quite packed with customers . 
  hey , i 'm russian and absolutely love the russian language , as do most other russians , but is n't this : `` russian language helps me in all the aspects of my life - intellectual , ideological , cultural , and spiritual '' , wildly subjective ? 
  as a russian i probably do feel likewise , people tend to feel a special connection to their native language i think , but i 'm not sure many foreigners will feel this way . 
   you 're absolutely right . 
  you do n't hear a lot from russian gays - i think that in itself tells you a lot about how deep the fear and shame is . 
  oh , i think that the way young people are raised , there certainly is shame being instilled into the minds of young gays . 
  still i think if we 'd actually have more russian gay people in this sub , they 'd surely speak out . 
   i think this has been the handiwork of the orthodox church and opportunist politicians . 
  i 'm actually orthodox and i always get confused when people say that the orthodox church has this crazy influence over the minds of russian people . 
  we 're not all that religious people really , and besides the church has often come under attack as a corrupt institution , for many , many russians ( both believers and non-believers ) the church is not some kind of ultimate authority . 
  the church is against many things , like infidelity or abortions for example , but let 's not pretend these things are not quite widespread in russia . 
  in my experience , homophobia is equally present among christians and atheists over here . 
  i do think that certain politicians have manged to capitalize on this issue in a very unfortunate way . 
  for some people they played on their underlying emotions ( ' i find it icky , so it must be wrong ' - factor ) , and the whole ` protect the children ' angle , sadly there are plenty of people here , who think that if children are raised not knowing about homosexuality , they 'll surely turn out to be heterosexual . 
   verka serduchka got pulled off the air too if i 'm not mistaken . 
  haha , that was before these laws , after the whole `` lasha tumbai '' ( russia goodbye ) debacle at the eurovision some years ago . 
  still , guys like sergey zverev and boris moiseev ( and i 'd argue some other famous performers ) are very much in your face about their sexuality ( and i thought that , for example zemfira and diana arbenina are gay , but never mind ) . 
  i do n't think reading out loud in a language you do n't know , will be particularly helpful . 
  it is possible to buy audio-books in russian , i 'm quite sure you can find and buy audio-books for children on the internet . 
  at this point it 's important to familiarize your daughter with the language , you can watch cartoons in russian with her ( not necessarily just russian stuff , all those disney cartoons have also been translated to russian ) and if you play together you can put russian children 's music in the background , that sort of thing . 
  i do n't know what else you personally can do , without learning russian yourself . 
  because people do perceive the eu as a puppet of the us , so whatever foreign policy merkel , or any other prominent eu politician will be following is seen as a direct result of us influence . 
  i think the difference in percentages is due to the power imbalance . 
  us foreign policy is seen as threatening and negative towards russia . 
  and let 's face it , it 's the us that can do more damage to russia , than the other way around . 
  americans do n't have much to worry about in that regard . 
  us is seen as the one on the offensive and russia on the defensive . 
  let 's also not forget hollywood , american media is everywhere and whenever i see any us movie/series that somehow involves russia or russians , it 's usually quite insulting . 
  both are completely fine in russian . 
  \u042f \u0442\u0435\u0431\u044f \u043b\u044e\u0431\u043b\u044e is probably the * slightly * more standard version , but both are used very , very often and are completely interchangeable if said in a normal tone . 
  i 'm a native speaker and to me both phrases are equivalent . 
  obviously while speaking people might put a stress on a particular word for emphasis . 
  it is also possible to play around with the word order in this phrase to emphasize certain words or to be more poetic , but those two are the ` normal ' versions . 
  the only way i 'd actually expect to hear a phrase '' \u0416\u0438\u0437\u043d\u044c \u0441\u0432\u043e\u044e \u0437\u0430 \u043c\u0430\u0442\u0443\u0448\u043a\u0443 \u0420\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044e '' would be if it was said with a sarcastic tone , it 's so over the top , that it 's hard to take seriously . 
  is much more natural . 
  those youtube comments though . 
  do people really think russia would actually attack sweden , wtf . 
  the reason this video was made is because the idea of wanting to conquer sweden is preposterous to russians . 
   that there 's no way they could stop invading russians, 
  yes and that statement itself was already quite funny , because it 's not like invading sweden is anywhere on our to-do list . 
  well , i suppose i 'm in the new generation of russians ( at least i fall under the 18-to-24 bracket ) and i can say that i really do not want blood . 
  but i also do n't want russia to be all about `` brotherly love and cooperation '' , because i do n't see that as a beneficial strategy for our country . 
  we 've already tried that , it does not work . 
  i think a more pragmatic , quid pro quo approach would do us good . 
  so , no outrageous gas discounts for `` brotherly nations '' and all that crap , it should be business and just business . . 
   seems they have taken note of the merciless hate-campaign going on in the west - perhaps more so than other age brackets as they are able to speak english and log on to read western news . 
  as danvolodar said , he did n't start disliking the west until he noticed the bigotry in our press and public discourse . 
  i think you raise a very valid point . 
  that was certainly true for me , though because i have plenty of first hand experience with the `` west '' , i probably got rid of my illusions ( how we all could just get along and be equal partners ) earlier than some of my friends . 
  but this whole debacle has really been a game changer for some people i know . 
  they honestly thought that the western countries were fair and free democracies , so they would try to approach international politics in a fair way ( i know , i know , the naivety is surprising ) and were absolutely shocked how this crisis was presented in a one-sided and hypocritical way . 
  because somehow the west was supposed to be better than this ( ha-ha ) . 
  i do n't know , in my experience people just do n't really care about these issues . 
  the governments and the media will obviously be doing whatever they consider beneficial for themselves and ordinary people are quite content to go along with it , since this has no negative impact on them personally . 
  i think the overwhelming majority of people in the us or gb or wherever do n't care about russia ( or ukraine or any other far away place ) , so why should they care if the coverage of these countries is biased , they do n't really . 
  wow , poor guy , that must have been frightening . 
  luckily he was a local ukrainian and could prove it with his documents . 
  imagine what they would have done if he was actually from the embassy . 
  it 's all really ridiculous , at the end this guy is saying `` i 'm a local , i want peace . '', 
  these people are asking him `` well , what were you doing there '' and he 's like '' i was just walking by , i love you all , even those who are beating me '' . 
  i 'm curious , in what way was he supposed to follow through with the nationalism ? 
  i personally think it would be a destructive strategy for russia and i would prefer a presidential candidate * not * to be a nationalist . 
   to russia , and many russians today , that could n't be further from the truth . 
  russia is a liberator that acts to free the ukrainian people of those who 'd wish to see ukraine turned into a fascist dictatorship . 
  if i look at my own circle of acquaintances , i do n't think i know people who would like to `` liberate '' ukraine of , well , anything . 
  donetsk and lugansk get lots and lots of sympathy , since people there are seen as the victims of the current government . 
  i suppose the rest of south eastern ukraine is seen in a more positive light as well . 
  but the rest of ukraine ? 
  i say let them go to europe , we 'll see how that will work out . 
  honestly , i have no desire to act as a liberator of the ukrainian people , they are not children and can decide for themselves . 
  they just should n't be dragging along those who are unwilling ( namely , the donbass region ) . 
  well , let 's be realistic here , we 're not as powerful as the us , so at this point we ca n't get away with the same shit . 
  and anyway i certainly do n't want to bomb any country . 
  i do n't want russia to be malicious , but pragmatic ( i 'd hope that could be accomplished without bombing anyone ) . 
  oh , and i just noticed this :, 
   it sounds like the new generation of russians want blood , seeing how even the tiny bit of military interventionism that russia engaged in drastically raised putin 's approval rating .
