  i think the departure from gender norms is why to many people the `` otherness '' of gay people is overstated . 
  the general image of a gay guy is n't this dude who 's simply attracted to other men and is otherwise a pretty regular guy , but this feminine , flamboyant guy . 
  there are strong expectations that children will grow up , marry and have kids . 
  so this idea that your own kid grew up outside of the standard gender norms and wo n't be having an ordinary heterosexual relationship that will give you grandchildren , can likely lead to very negative reactions . 
  in my extended family a relative has been living in a same-sex relationship for over half a dozen years now . 
  they 're women , in their early 30s and live in a big city , but not moscow or st petersburg . 
  back when that relationship started , her mother threw a huge fit and demanded that she immediately go back to her previous ( male ) fiance , her father was also disapproving , but in a more reserved way . 
  after a while , when it was clear that this was n't going away , the parents have started begrudgingly coming around and the great break-through happened when my relative gave birth a couple of years ago . 
  by now , the relationship is relatively ok , the dad is more friendly and the mom less so , but she really loves her grandkid , so it helps . 
  they 're out to friends , and not out to the general public . 
  though , i would say it 's kinda obvious , but idk , people can be obtuse about these things . 
  edit : thanks for the gold . 
  to be perfectly blunt , in your case money is going to be pretty important . 
  from your other post i 'm guessing you do n't have much luck dating in your home country and you said it yourself that you 're not particularly attractive . 
  now imagine trying to date women from the other side of the world , who you do n't have much in common with culturally and who are probably not going to be all that attracted to your personality and looks . 
  now , what could possibly interest those women ? 
  money , not much else . 
  they are looking for a guy who 'll make their life financially comfortable , and if you do n't have much else to offer , you better have money . 
  i 'm a russian woman and becoming a mail-order bride is not an option i would personally consider and the same goes for my friends . 
  honestly , to me it looks like a sad and desperate affair on both side of the equation . 
  in my personal life , i do n't really prioritize money in romantic relationships . 
  being that i 'm still quite young , my dating history is mostly students who certainly did n't have that much money . 
  to me it 's important that i find the guy physically attractive , that he has an interesting personality , that our sense of humor and interests do n't clash with each other . 
  that sort of thing . 
  great song !, 
  i also like this version - [ \u041f\u043e\u0434 \u0440\u0430\u043a\u0438\u0442\u043e\u044e ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5c1mnujvuq ) . 
  i think people mostly group all the three baltic states together in their mind . 
  unless somebody has a personal connection to the place , i 'd expect lithuania is n't really thought about . 
  personally , i 've visited the other two baltic states , but i have n't been to lithuania , so i have n't had an opportunity to form an opinion beyond what i 've seen on the internet . 
  oh and i know that you do n't really have many russians in your country . 
  so i would expect that out of the baltic states , you 'd be the best at integrating them in your country . 
  do n't know if that 's actually the case in reality . 
  this is hilarious . 
  ranking russia behind such countries as uzbekistan , kazakhstan , moldova , ukraine and belarus ? 
  guys , i can understand not liking russia , whatever , do your thing . 
  but let 's not throw our sanity out of the window as well . 
   and we ca n't say which one is latvia and which one is lithuania . 
  you too , huh ? 
  to be fair , in russian it 's latvia and litva , so the names are much closer than in english and relatively easy to confuse . 
   but lithuania gets never mentioned in polish news, 
  i would have thought , that due to a big chunk of shared history , the polish -- lithuanian commonwealth , there would possibly remain some kind of a connection between the countries . 
  i would have thought it 'd be the other way around and you 'd be closer to lithuanians . 
  you guys are the only speakers of baltic languages , i thought you would consider your nations as being closely related to each other . 
  i had no idea . 
  why the hatred of poles though ? 
  and you even have more poles in lithuania than russians . 
  sorry , i was n't trying to imply that you personally hate the polish people . 
  `` sigh '' indeed . 
  but here we go again . 
   russia has increased the amount of operations in international waters very close to foreign borders ( mostly nato , but also sweden and other countries that are associated with the west ) . 
  some of it is probably posturing on our side , some of it is the western media paying extra attention to things that were undoubtedly always going on anyway , and some of it is straight up paranoia or lies . 
  like the case of that russian sub near sweden , i 'm sure you remember how that farce came to an end . 
   in addition there are reports of russian troops entering ukraine, 
  yeah , yeah , we 've had dozens reports of russian troops entering ukraine for months now . 
  some of them were done by high-ranking ( ukrainian ) officials , and with a various levels of absurdity , but somehow that part where you supposed to provide some kind of evidence always gets glossed over . 
  a couple of extra points . 
  no , volunteers crossing over do n't count as regular russian army . 
  hence , when some british volunteers go to fight in syria , that does n't mean the british army is invading . 
  and , while my heart is aching for those civilians who are dying , struggling and are being forced to flee their homes in donbass , i still think that it would ultimately be a huge mistake for our army to enter ukraine . 
  i 'm also quite sure that nothing would make kiev happier than our army actually going in . 
   crimea, 
  the overwhelming majority of crimeans wanted to go back to russia ever since the break-up of the ussr . 
  logically , kiev was doing everything to prevent that from happening for years . 
  had yanukovich not been ousted in an unconstitutional way , crimea would most certainly never have gotten an opening to make a run for it so to speak . 
  now , they are happy to be back and i 'm happy for them . 
  pretty much . 
  my mom is 1/16 korean , she looks like a pretty ordinary white person . 
  if she were an actress , it would be ridiculous to call her a korean actress and cast her in the role of a korean person . 
  basically it 's about a mortally wounded cossack and a black raven ( death ) . 
  i 've tried translating this before , though it 's not perfect . 
  folksongs are hard to translate . 
  here it is :, 
  under a green willow a wounded cossack was lying . 
  a black raven flew over looking for prey . 
  the cossack tells the raven not to croak over his head , that he 's still alive . 
  he asks the raven to fly over to his mother and father and to give his young wife his blooded handkerchief . 
  to tell her that he married another , that he found himself a bride in a clear field by the river . 
  the quiet wedding was under a willow tree , a sharp saber and a bayonet were matchmakers . 
  they were married by a quick bullet and the mother earth . 
  sure , i do n't mind . 
  it was difficult to translate , so the meaning probably is not as clear in english as it is in russian . 
  it 's a metaphor for death . 
  he 's saying he is married to death now . 
   i guess my main concern with visiting russia is that i want to feel safe while i 'm there . 
  in america , we have a crime issue , but you can avoid trouble by knowing basic ways to stay safe ( lock your doors , watch your pockets , do n't be an idiot and fall for scams , etc. . . ) . 
  you 'll be fine in russia if you follow those same rules . 
  i ca n't guarantee that obviously , but you should n't have much trouble as long as you behave in a responsible way . 
  so , do n't go for a walk in a sketchy neighborhood at night . 
  to a degree , it 's also a question of being lucky or unlucky i suppose . 
   do you ever have to deal with crime ? 
  i 've had to think about it for a moment , since my life has been pretty uneventful as far as crime is concerned . 
  my mom got her wallet stolen by a pickpocket about 15 years ago . 
  i ca n't really think of much else at this moment . 
  we obviously do have a crime problem in russia as well , but the last time i was actually nearly robbed , was on a vacation in italy a couple of years ago . 
  shit happens . 
  you should always be mindful of your belongings . 
   i could n't care less about desolate land in asia and 3 tribes that live there . 
  wow , thanks dude . 
  i 'm from siberia . 
  those `` 3 tribes '' you mention are actually about a quarter of our population .
