  this is also dehumanization , they are n't saying something like `` every russian in ukraine should be killed '' and of course they are n't planning a genocide , still it has gone way beyond mocking . 
   it is , however , the de facto language of central asia . 
  i know that a big part of kazakhstan still has russian as the main language , but i was n't aware it was still that widespread in the rest of central asia . 
   i recently attended a korean cultural festival in these parts , and i was actually surprised by the number of koreans speaking russian , although i really should n't have been . 
  russia has two groups of koreans , those who migrated to the russian far east in the second half of the 19th century ( koryo-saram ) and sakhalin koreans who were brought to sakhalin in the late 1930s and early 1940s by the japanese as slave labor . 
  those you met in central asia were koryo-saram . 
  there 's been a migration of koreans to the russian far east in the late 19th century . 
  in fact one of my ancestors was korean whose family was struggling in korea and as a result moved to russia around 1860s . 
  many of those koreans were deported from the far east in 1937 to central asia , because apparently there were fears they would be spying for japan . 
  that 's why there are some koreans in central asia . 
   lol your username :p, 
  it was inspired by the soviet cartoon that was made based on winnie the pooh book :d, 
  it 's quite funny , check it out if you have n't seen it . 
   how much freedom do you have in russia as an individual ? 
  personally , i feel pretty free as an individual . 
  let 's put it this way , i 'm currently visiting friends in europe and from my impression i 'm not somehow more oppressed than they are . 
   do you think the government is becoming more liberal towards individualism and freedom of speech ? 
  no , but i suppose i feel that the government is doing their thing and i 'm doing my thing and our paths do n't really cross that often . 
  though , i would love to see the `` gay-propaganda to minors '' law go , i feel it 's stupid and unnecessary . 
   the little golden calf sounds great !, 
  i 'll have to check that out . 
  you should start with `` the twelve chairs '' , as that is the first book . 
  i think these two books are definitely worth a read , they are classic satire novels that are very famous and have become part of the popular culture over the years . 
  i wonder how well the humor translates though . 
  i would also suggest `` dead souls '' by gogol , it 's a satirical look at the russian society of the 19th century , really liked it myself . 
  nope , we are n't going to ` give back ' land where the population is about 86 % russian ( and ~ 94 % slavic ) . 
  for that same reason germany would be insane to claim it , what would they do with an exclave that has nearly a million russians ? 
  yes , that 's why i 'm saddened by the lack of professionalism on the side of zvezda . 
  i 'm guessing they simply took the video that the ukrainian channels have previously used , when they really should have know better and checked the facts . 
  lazy , extremely lazy . 
  what is it supposed to tell us ? 
  we 're the enemy for supporting south ossetia and abhazia , it 's as simple as that really . 
  especially if we 're talking about a politician from saakashvili 's clique . 
  i 'd say the butthurt even intensified ever since saakashvili basically fell out of grace in georgia . 
  eh , i would say this indeed shows \u043f\u043e\u043d\u0442\u044b of some ( semi ) criminal guys and gypsies , but this certainly is n't the standard . 
  granted , i do n't often hang out at cemeteries , buit the couple of times i 've been there , i 've never seen anything this hideous . 
  i hope that by `` demand a corridor through polan '' you mean gloriously reconquer the land that was once german , 
  still , there 's that problem of what would you do with a million russian . 
   probably ignore them , russian is the second most spoken mothertongue in germany anyway , even ahead of turks, 
  yeah , but the russian speakers in germany will probably lose their russian in one generation or so . 
  those in kaliningrad live in a russian speaking environment and i 'd imagine in such a situation it would take them a very long time to pick up german . 
  it 's not like when you choose a country to emigrate to , you have to expect you 'd be required to confirm to a new culture to some degree . 
  these people wo n't be jumping at the idea of becoming german , since they are n't actually german . 
  i 'll confess , i find these kinds of threads strangely entertaining , but i do n't get the mentality behind it . 
  is this indeed the mythical ` white man 's burden ' ? 
  you are n't actually interested in a different point of view , so i just do n't get the drive to preach to the wild barbarians so to speak . 
  to answer your question : since the west appears to like russia the best when we 're poor , struggling and in chaos ( the 90s ) , i do n't think we should be out to seek its approval . 
  if you live in the us and are looking to meet russian-americans , it should n't be that huge a problem . 
  i would imagine they are pretty americanized and are very well used to american women . 
  actual russian men with american women does happen , but not often i 'd say . 
  i know one such couple in real life , they met when they were both studying abroad . 
  but , it 's the sort of thing that usually happens by accident , russian men and american women are n't seeking each other out . 
  a russian wildlife photographer , [ igor shpilenok ] ( http://www.shpilenok.ru ) is married to an american woman for quite many years already . 
  they live in a very small russian village and often travel to remote nature reserves . 
  separating russians and ukrainians along ethnic lines is pretty hard , so in practice it indeed often comes down to an ideological divide . 
  the two nations not only have the same root , but there 's also been a lot of intermarriages between the two . 
  so now you have many people who have relatives in both countries and there are plenty of ukrainians with russian last names and russians with ukrainian last names . 
  for example my uncle , who 's half russian and half ukrainian and lives in central ukraine , is completely in his `` glory to ukraine and if you do n't agree you do n't deserve to live on holy ukrainian land '' mode . 
  on the other hand , an acquaintance of mine in eastern ukraine who is extremely pro-russian and considers himself russian is actually half western-ukrainian and half polish and grew up in a small town in western ukraine . 
  it really often comes down to ideology . 
  i do n't want to be rude , but are there any plans to change the banner in the near future ? 
  there 's so much more to the russian culture , that it 's a pity we 're stuck with cucumbers and gazel 's . 
  i remember reading something to this extent a couple of years ago and i found it a bit puzzling . 
  ukraine is right between poland and russia , i thought it would be logical for both poles and russians to be closer to ukrainians than to each other . 
  strange . 
  i 'm pretty sure that in this case the op is trolling . 
  it 's an attitude that gets expressed here from time to time , though usually in a somewhat milder tone . 
  but this just reads like a caricature , especially if you see the thread that it 's linked to . 
  i admit , i found this mildly amusing ~ ~ and even upvoted ~ ~ . 
   ukraine is not between poland and russia , belarus is . 
  well , ukraine shares quite a big border both with russia and with poland . 
  i assumed both ethnicities would be closer to ukrainians than to each other genetically , i guess i was wrong . 
  the number of poles in poland and ukrainians in ukraine is quite close actually , so if poles were a big enough ethnicity to absorb outside influences , should n't the same have happened with ukrainians ? 
   apparently the legend about lech , \u010cech , and rus has some truth to it . 
  thanks , i vaguely remember hearing these names before , but i was n't really familiar with this legend . 
  interesting . 
   ukrainians have much larger ( than among poles and russians ) admixture of haplogroup i. 
  this is interesting , i know almost nothing about genetics , but what is the reason for that ? 
   this legend is taught in elementary school to explain origins of our own and neighbouring countries . 
  what i got from wiki is that according to this legend , rus is the guy responsible for ruthenians , modern day russians , belarusians and ukrainians . 
  if that 's the general idea , according to the legend , ukrainians should n't be farther away from the poles than russians . 
   expected me to be her boss , and overal more submissive . 
  i 'm a russian woman and , well , i know plenty of other russian women and would n't really call us submissive in general . 
  i found that at home russian women can be bossy enough , well maybe not necessarily bossy , but with a general expectation that things will ultimately go the way the woman wants . 
  sometimes this takes the more annoying form of ` he should be in charge , but in that way where he guesses all my wants and needs in advance and follows them to a t ' . 
  a quick youtube search gives several people who have bought the same brand of milk ( and found milk ) : [ video 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yu7ghuzqyw ) , [ video 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcv_bfaehlw&amp;list=uup85wkra-80_xveslvi9req ) , [ video 3 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xharkjgnppg ) , [ video 4 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrgsu_ktp94 ) and [ video 5 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zt5txyfmjva ) . 
  most of all i liked these guys , they filmed buying the milk in a shop , immediately opening it and drinking on the spot : [ video 6 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4weuhppisq ) . 
   he gets to fuck you round the room anytime he likes , and if he feels like it he may respect you . 
  wtf ? 
  are you sharing your personal sexual fantasies with us ? 
  sure , i 've seen it reported in the media and i 've mentioned it in conversations with some friends . 
  but for most people ukraine hits closer home , for obvious reasons , and overshadows any other conflict going on in the world right now . 
  eh , no thanks !, 
  even forgetting about the international community for a second , i 'd still rather not have our country be stuck solving the problems of a foreign nation . 
  as they say , you break it , you own it . 
  let the west help and finance ukraine ( haha , as if ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure ukraine will end up being a financial burden for us anyway , but i 'd like to minimize that . 
  as much as i dislike his kind . 
  so , i suppose we agree on that . 
  but , way to be overdramatic with,
