   you were s.o.l. 
  can i ask what s.o.l. 
  means ? 
  google was of no help . 
   we left in the 90 's and for us it was either united states or it was israel . 
  this is sort of pointless trivia now , but germany could have also been an option . 
  i think it was somewhat easier as a german , but jews from the ( former ) soviet union were also allowed to immigrate . 
   so yes , some people really connected with judaism and wanted to go to israel . 
  oh , i did n't mean judaism as religion , more like a national identity sort of thing . 
  funnily enough , while i know jewish people who are very connected to their ethnic identity , i do n't know any who are seriously into judaism . 
  i 'm of course not implying there are n't jewish people who are ( devout ) followers of judaism , but somehow i do n't think i personally know any . 
   my opinion is that the reason that being jewish is a nationality is because of the exclusion . 
  being jewish , as a source of nationality , seems to have come from trying to bond together . 
  it 's like the chicken or the egg question , what came first ? 
  i actually have a different opinion on this . 
  i 've thought that the strong jewish identity came about as a means to oppose assimilation into `` foreign '' societies . 
  i mean , after so many generations in different countries , without a strong sense of identity , jewish people would have dissolved into those societies where they happened to live . 
  in order for that not to happen you need to have a very strong sense of belonging to a certain group . 
   s.o.l. 
  stands for shit out of luck . 
  meaning , you were screwed . 
  thanks , now i see it . 
  for some reason i fist read the ` l' as ` i ' and was very confused . 
   now , those talks came about because as a child , you think we 're all the same , until the others find out and cast you out since you 're jewish . 
  that 's the way it was for me and also my family . 
  this is sad , i 'm sorry you had to go through such hardships . 
  but you know , that 's kind of my point , after so many generations jewish people would have been completely assimilated and there would be nothing to ` find out ' if originally a strong sense of identity would not have been established and carried over . 
  i suppose we 're coming from somewhat different life experiences here . 
  my ( partially ) jewish family members and acquaintances were n't shaped by quite such dramatic experiences as you and your family were . 
  if it matters , i 'm from siberia and i 've heard that things were more relaxed here in that sense . 
   but take this as an example , look at the united states . 
  people here consider themselves american or mexican or whatever . 
  no one would answer jewish to the question of nationality here . 
  israeli maybe , but not jewish . 
  i had too google this , but apparently in the us there are 4.2 mil jews by religion ( logical enough ) , but also 1.2 mil jews who do n't subscribe to judaism . 
  the way i see it , if they consider themselves jewish , but not because of their religion , it must be because they see it as some kind of an ethnic group . 
  it was quite bad in the 90s , but improved significantly in the recent years , from what i gather . 
  among my friends now , we 're in our early to mid 20s , i do n't know anybody who would actually flee the country to avoid it . 
  but for most it 's not a part of their life plan so to speak . 
  many see it as a waste of time and a year they can better spend on something more productive . 
  i know people who 've been to the army more or less recently , no horror stories there . 
  though , as i understand , how much useful stuff you 'll actually get to do in the army really depends on your location . 
  since i was calling my mother i 've decided to ask her this . 
  so , here 's her experience . 
  for background information : she was born in mid 60s , in siberia . 
   what school was like, 
  in general she liked it all right , but in her teens she liked to skip school and go wander around the city . 
  she also really liked mathematics , so when she was 15 she switched to a specialized mathematical school . 
  in her last school year she did some kind of remote math course with a university in novosibirsk . 
  so they would send her assignments by post , she would fill in her answers and send it back to them in novosibirsk , and so on . 
   what teenagers did for fun back then, 
  she was very involved in various sport activities . 
  since they were for free and she was kinda flaky , she would often switch and mix activities . 
  she 's done : figure skating , athletics , diving , ballroom dancing , volleyball , finswimming , tap dancing , skiing ( and i 'm sure i 'm forgetting something ) . 
  in her free time she would mostly hang out with friends , she said they would often go to the cinema since it was so cheap ( 20 kopeek ) . 
  the cinema would show soviet and foreign movies . 
  from her memory foreign movies were french , indian and american . 
   what was dating like, 
  before she met my father she dated another guy in her late teens . 
  he moved to a different city a couple of months after they met , so in their case most time was spent writing letters to each other . 
  when they did spend time together they would go to the cinema , theater , cafe or walk around the city . 
  you did n't ask this , but for vacations they would usually go to crimea in the summer . 
  normally they 'd take a plane to moscow , meet with family friends and take a train to simferopol ( that 's in crimea ) together . 
  closer to home they would also go to a local sanatorium , i think it belonged to the university where her parents worked or at least it would provide their family with \u043f\u0443\u0442\u0435\u0432\u043a\u0430 's ( i 'm having a hard time translating this , kind of like tickets ) . 
  sometimes they would go camping near lakes . 
  and of course weekends at the dacha . 
  soviet school system was actually quite good and there was more time spent in getting kids involved in extra-curricular activities , like sports and art . 
  what my parents tell me is that they wish that things like that could have been preserved better after the break-up of the ussr . 
   it sounds like the soviet school system was a little more flexible, 
  i wonder what you mean by flexible ? 
   i never understood why the soviets did n't just create a latvian peoples republic or something separate from the ussr like they did with the rest of the warsaw pact satellite states . 
  what i thought was that those states that were part of the russian empire before the revolution ( as was the case with the baltic states ) got included into the ussr . 
  those that were n't , got to be something separate . 
  admittedly this does n't really go for poland , since a portion of it was also part of the russian empire . 
  do n't think i 've ever heard anybody use it though . 
  a person from moscow likely associates himself with the russian culture . 
  the way i see it , more economic cooperation is obviously the goal . 
  but it 's not like by trading with china or whatever , we 'll be taking on chinese culture . 
  the chinese ` converting ' us to their culture is just as unlikely as us ` converting ' them to the russian culture , it does n't work like that really . 
  most russians do n't know anything about the real chinese culture , well besides the most obvious cliches and things like confucius , the great wall and such . 
  why would we need to embrace their values , does n't even matter if they are `` good `` or `` bad '' , why ca n't we just stick with our own ? 
   however , your government could 've rescued crimea without annexing it . 
  it likely would 've been applauded by the international community instead of condemned . 
  do you honestly believe that ? 
  we 've rescued south-ossetia and abkhazia from georgia without ` annexing ' them and i remember the west going apeshit about that . 
  likewise , i 'm completely sure that if tomorrow moldova decides to reconquer transnistria , starts shelling tiraspol , killing peaceful citizens and our peacekeepers stationed there , and we step in to stop it , once again we will be completely vilified by the western community . 
  not a doubt in my mind about that . 
   i 'm also curious about how `` asian '' the asian part of russia is.there 's got ta be a difference between vladivostok , irkutsk , yuzhno-sakhalinsk and moscow . 
  when you say `` asian '' , do you mean that culturally ? 
  i 'm from the asian part of russia myself and obviously it 's such a huge region that it has some variations and differences in itself . 
  while the overwhelming majority of inhabitants in the asian part of russia are slavic russians , there are also various other ethnicities with their own cultures living here . 
   there 's got ta be a difference between vladivostok , irkutsk , yuzhno-sakhalinsk and moscow . 
  sure , but if you want some cultural differences from the european russia , i think it 's easier to look for them in the national republics . 
  so instead of vladivostok , irkutsk and yuzhno-sakhalinsk , i 'd suggest places like yakutsk , kyzyl and ulan-ude . 
  well , i suppose yuzhno-sakhalinsk has a korean minority living there , but they 're pretty russified now . 
  here 's a video that shows some streets and people of vladivostok , if you 're curious what it looks like : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo_gf9jftkw . 
  i 'd say that the general population is , eh , passively homophobic . 
  they do n't have a strong urge to hunt down all the gays and throw them in prison or something , but they do think it 's kind of icky . 
  imagine you know someone with a weird sexual fetish that you personally think is kind of disgusting , your reaction might be something like `` ok , if that 's your thing , but keep it in the bedroom please , i do n't need to know the specifics '' . 
  the idea of homosexuality is quite tied to the gender norms , so for example a gay man is not acting as a man should and is going against the norm .
