   you 're the cancer that is going to kill russia one day . 
  it 's cute how you 're so concerned for us . 
  do n't worry , we 're doing just fine , much love to you too . 
   as someone who has a mild allergy to alcohol , i doubt the russians would take me for their own though :p, 
  haha , i 'm pretty indifferent towards alcohol and barely drink it . 
  i know enough other russians that share my indifference and they still have n't kicked us out :p, 
  mixed backgrounds can be tricky for some people . 
  personally , i 've never felt conflicted because of the fact that i 'm mixed with some different ethnicities . 
  i 'm russian , but i also have some ukrainian , jewish , german and some distant korean and polish backgrounds . 
  but that has never left me feeling less russian . 
  i 'm from a city of about half a million people in siberia . 
  so , not the biggest place , but definitely urban . 
  well , most russians live in urban areas ( it does n't have to be a city of a couple mil to qualify as urban ) . 
  and people who actually do live in really rural places most likely wo n't be browsing western websites in their free time . 
  i 'm curious , what do you mean by ` less political ' ? 
  we 've got dozhd , echo moskvy and the like , that are very well-know for their anti-government stance . 
  on the internet people express whatever opinions they want , anti-government opinions are certainly expressed often enough . 
  i 'm also curious how would our government go about suppressing opinions on the internet , how would that have to work in practice ? 
  i consider any actual invasion into ukraine to be unacceptable . 
  if we go in , we 'll be stuck solving all those local problems and ukraine gets to pin all of its failings on us . 
  i would rather not give kiev such a wonderful present as an invasion . 
  dmitri is nearly always shortened to dima , i do n't know any dmitri in real life who goes by mitya . 
  i would say that the standard diminutives will usually be used by anybody you 're in contact with on a regular basis , outside of professional relations or people who are much younger than you . 
  so , olga will be called olya by pretty much all of her acquaintances ( i would n't say it 's reserved to only close friends and family members ) . 
  now forms like ol' ka , olen ` ka , olechka , are way more intimate and can sound rude and much too personal if used by people who are not really close . 
  for example , i call my best friend ol' ka , but if somebody who barely knows her will call her ol' ka she will find it rude . 
  they do n't have subtitles though . 
  while surzhyk is usually considered to be quite rural and uneducated , from my experience it 's still pretty much everywhere in central ukraine and not just in the villages . 
  from the time spent with relatives in cherkassy i can say i 've rarely heard actual ukrainian , it would be either russian or surzhyk all around . 
  surzhyk is just very convenient for people , often enough even those who could speak a ` pure ' language if they tried , stick to surzhyk because it 's easier for them . 
  i 've often heard that the dialect of poltava is supposed to be the real ukrainian , model ukrainian so to speak , so maybe that 's why you 've been told it 's the heart of ukraine . 
   ironically , i think the most proper ukrainian and russian will both be heard in kiev, 
  in central ukraine ? 
  definitely . 
  plenty of places in eastern ukraine have enough people who speak quite proper russian . 
  but i think it 's probably easier to find proper ukrainian in kiev than in the majority of the country . 
  those who do speak ukrainian there are more likely to try to keep it clean . 
  it 's hard to translate folk songs , so this may look a bit awkward . 
  under a green willow a wounded cossack was lying . 
  a raven flew over looking for prey . 
  the cossack tells the raven not to croak over his head , that he 's still alive . 
  he asks the raven to fly over to his mother and father and to give his young wife his blooded handkerchief . 
  to tell her that he married another , that he found himself a bride in a clear field by the river . 
  the quiet wedding was under a willow tree , a sharp saber and a bayonet were matchmakers . 
  they were married by a quick bullet and the mother earth . 
  the song about a dying cossack and a raven has various versions . 
  i was more familiar with the [ \u0427\u0451\u0440\u043d\u044b\u0439 \u0432\u043e\u0440\u043e\u043d ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27f_oggulq4 ) ( black raven ) version . 
  it 's been quite hard on my family , my father most of all . 
  i live in russia , but my grandmother was from ukraine and that 's where my father has lived nearly half his life . 
  my father 's brother and his family still lives in central ukraine and all this has pretty much destroyed our relationship with most of them . 
  besides my eldest cousin , that side of the family has become very nationalistic , when this certainly was n't typical of them before . 
  they say pretty awful shit about the people in donbas and consider them to be ungrateful bydlo . 
  ` we should deport them all to russia ' , ` they are not worthy of ukraine ' , ` if civilians are dying there , it 's their own fault , they should n't have supported separatists in the first place ' , that sort of things . 
  this has caused a rift between my father and his brother , and i think it 's going to be permanent . 
  this is really hard for him , since they used to be very close . 
  the strange thing about all of this is that we would have never expected them to become so extreme . 
  my youngest cousin is definitely the most passionate nationalist in the family , though i suppose i still hope he 'll grow up and become more moderate at least . 
  my oldest cousin moved out of ukraine about a year ago and he has a pretty moderate position , he does n't really have a side he can support in this mess and he 's always open for a calm conversation . 
  on the other hand , this has surprisingly improved my relationship with some relatives from kiev . 
  my second cousin used to be quite nationalistic before all this and our relationship was always quite cold . 
  since the crisis began she has become quite disillusioned with the nationalistic movement in ukraine and we 've had a lot of discussions about what 's going on there at the moment . 
  we also have some family members in western ukraine , they 're definitely and very strongly on the pro-kiev side . 
  but we were n't all that close before , so not much has changed in our relationship . 
  it 's great that you had a good time . 
  i suppose it 's easy to be scared of a certain culture if you do n't really know anything about it . 
  travel is the best way to see that it 's not really all that scary . 
  you were asking about the theater in your previous post , did you manage to see any kind of stage performance in khabarovsk ? 
  i live in russia and also happen to think that it 's not all that scary :d, 
  glad to hear you 've had decent experiences with our people . 
  i 'm curious , what do you mean by ` political family ' ? 
   i have to say that at least in vladivostok and nakhodka people was super friendly with me when they new i was spanish . 
  oh , sure . 
  i do n't think there 's any reason for them not to be . 
  i have n't really seen much of spain , but it was nice . 
  i 've liked barcelona and i think i 'd like to visit spain again in the future . 
   russian people need to remain brothers to georgians and ukrainians . 
  hey , we live in a free country . 
  you can atone for your sins or keep the brotherhood alive with whatever nations you see fit . 
  more power to you !, 
  on the other hand , i happen to think that in our time the idea of ` brotherly nations ' is quite outdated and a bit of a self-delusion really . 
  whatever relations we will have with ukraine or georgia or any other country in the future , it should be based on pragmatism . 
  i do n't need to regard ukrainians as a whole as a brotherly nation , in order to keep up with my own ukrainian family and friends . 
  i think less sentimentality in general would do us good . 
   unfortunately there was n't any decent stuff being staged at the time . 
  every seems to start from september , so our timing was just a bit off :(, 
  you can do it during your next visit , 
   i 've always figured that it ca n't be scarier than south africa , so it 's never been an issue for me . 
  for a japanese person however , everywhere overseas seems scary as far as i can tell , 
  yes , i think japanese people in general do n't really know a lot about russia and it probably seems like a scary place for them from the outside . 
  i 'm glad she had a good experience . 
  you 've said that you liked our food , that 's good , it must have been quite a big change after japanese food . 
  eh , my response was n't particularly well written , no need to thank me for that . 
   that was part of the culture i was brought up on , and i see it 's systematic dismantling as a great loss . 
  see , there 's the difference in perspective , i see it not as a great loss , but rather as waking up to the reality we live in . 
  you have georgian friends and that 's great , perhaps you feel you have a personal connection with this nation , that 's all quite wonderful for you . 
  personally i have very close friends who happen to be hungarian and irish , they 're wonderful people and i hold them in very high regard . 
  but i do n't need to proclaim us to be brotherly nations or something like that , based on my personal connection . 
  i feel that we as humans are capable of establishing personal connections with other people of any nationality . 
  the concept of ` brotherly nations ' to me is on the other hand quite overbearing and exploitative if anything . 
   i had that experience with a student from poland who had an aversion to russians due to a tragic family history .
