  i 'm from a town with about half a million inhabitants and if for some crazy freakish reason all the women would just quit from the managerial positions here , we would definitely have enough male resource to fill these positions . 
  go to any dying village in the middle of nowhere and you will find a much sadder state of affairs . 
  but again those guys were not in the running for any senior management positions anyway . 
  and , hey , i 'm with you , as a russian woman i do find it sad that the life expectancy of the men here is on average 65 years at this point . 
  we obviously need to work on that , thanks for your concern . 
  as somebody from siberia i happen to think it 's lovely : ), 
  it 's cold in the winter , but can be very warm in the summer . 
  obviously siberia is very big and varied , depending on where you are , you can get very different impressions of it . 
  but , yes we do have plenty of forests here . 
  though , it 's not like people are equally spread over the whole of siberia , people tend to live in towns and cities more than in some isolated small villages , so no , it 's not really lonely here . 
  this is where i 'm from : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxtpjjq1gx8, 
  i 've never been to orenburg myself , but i immediately had to think about this famous old song '' \u041e\u0440\u0435\u043d\u0431\u0443\u0440\u0433\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439 \u043f\u0443\u0445\u043e\u0432\u044b\u0439 \u043f\u043b\u0430\u0442\u043e\u043a '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqhlr0sffm4 . 
  probably one of the most famous things about orenburg is the orenburg shawl . 
  winters can get pretty cold there , with the average temp in january being -38.6 \u00b0 c. 
  the summers can on the other hand be quite warm , this is yakutsk in the summer : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzpnmfwrrhi . 
  the seasonal temp difference is among the greatest in the world . 
  yakutia is a huge region , but very sparsely populated ( ~ 950.000 ) due to the harsh climate . 
  i actually googled this and your problem is that you 've missed the second part of the passage , you have to click on `` 2 '' to see it . 
  here it is :, 
  so , the answer to your last two questions is \u0434\u0430 . 
  that 's correct . 
  \u041c\u0435\u043d\u044e is actually neuter , that 's why \u043d\u0435\u0434\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0433\u043e\u0435 is the correct form . 
   if china militarily attempts to take this , it would lead to nuclear war . 
  if china would likely attempt this through illegal immigration , it simply would n't be feasible or cost effective . 
  while siberia is massive , apart from that , its rather barren and unattractive . 
  it 's a bit like saying that the united states or mexico will move to colonize the yukon or alaska . 
  these regions are completely remote , very harsh , and lack adequate means of establishing a first world lifestyle , and its difficult to even get to these regions due to the complete lack of infrastructure , let alone move to make colonies . 
  i 'm from siberia and yes , to me the idea of any kind of chinese annexation is indeed too unrealistic . 
  i also think that anything china wants from siberia is easier to get through trade than through aggressive annexation . 
  most of the siberian territories are not really suitable for colonization . 
  though , for china to get to the really barren parts it would have to go through the more populated parts of siberia . 
  since the climate at the southern border , the south-western part and on the pacific coast is more suitable , that 's where the overwhelming majority of siberians live ( though obviously the population density is quite low there also ) . 
  and if we look at these regions , i just do n't see any realistic way how china is supposed to colonize us . 
  also , `` but like love , a border is real only if both sides believe in it . 
  and on both sides of the sino-russian border , that belief is wavering '' , lol , no , not really . 
  on the russian side our belief in the sino-russian border is definitely not wavering . 
  i have n't been to china , but i actually do n't think that they are that eager to colonize us either . 
   what will the / ukrainianconflict stooges come up with next ? 
  i 'm a bit confused , this was just a lighthearted , humorous video . 
  since , you know , russia * is n't * actually out to conquer the world . 
  yes , i 'm from siberia and it was pretty funny to read about how china would be ` reclaiming ' us . 
  anyway , the writer seems to be quite removed from reality , writing things like `` a border is real only if both sides believe in it . 
  and on both sides of the sino-russian border , that belief is wavering '' , that 's just blatantly not true . 
  problem with that is that the chinese are one side of the border and the russians on the other . 
  crimea has a russian majority , according to this logic china should first work on getting a chinese majority in siberia . 
  and well , i do n't really see the point of doing that for the chinese . 
  not in the amounts necessary to come close to being any sort of political power in the region . 
  i myself am actually from siberia , though not from anywhere close to the border with china , so we do n't really have chinese workers here ( i 've seen some students , but no chinese expansion here ) . 
  you probably will see more chinese workers in the border towns and in the russian far-east , but as i said , not enough to be a force in the region . 
  so , for example , i live in the siberian federal district and our three biggest ethnicities are russians ( 87,4 % ) , buryats ( 2,1 % ) and ukrainians ( 1.9 % ) . 
  our eastern neighbors live in the far eastern federal district and the three biggest ethnicities there are russians ( 78,9 % ) , yakutians ( 7,5 % ) and ukrainians ( 2.5 % ) . 
  this is what the wiki says on the topic :, 
  `` ethnic chinese in russia officially numbered 34,578 according to the 2002 census . 
  however , this figure is contested , with the overseas chinese affairs commission of the republic of china on taiwan claiming 998,000 in 2004 and 2005 , and russian demographers generally accepting estimates in the 200,000 -- 400,000 range as of 2004 . 
  temporary migration and shuttle trade conducted by chinese merchants are most prevalent in russia 's far eastern federal district , but most go back and forth across the border without settling down in russia ; the chinese community in moscow has a higher proportion of long-term residents '' . 
  i think that many of the workers in the far-east are guest workers and thus are not reflected in the census . 
  but i do n't think most of them are settling in russia permanently . 
   i have a few friends and coworkers from russia . 
  some of them do share this opinion . 
  i wonder if this topic is frequently brought up among russians . 
  i do n't think it 's something i ever seriously discussed with people over here . 
  i mean , i 'm sure there are some people who are concerned with it , probably some very alarming articles have been written about it , etc. 
  but i 'd say that for the actual siberians i know it 's not a real concern . 
  funnily enough , i 've been asked by fellow russians from the european part of the country if it 's true that we have a lot of chinese people over here . 
  i think it 's easier to have misconceptions over a place you 've never been to . 
  in general i would n't say that the opinion that the chinese will take over siberia is that mainstream in russia . 
  there can be jokes made over this , or some experts will occasionally publish a paper on this , but it 's not exactly a hot issue here . 
  in my personal opinion , i just do n't see why china would actually try to occupy us . 
  conventional war is , i would think , out of the question and a slow , creeping occupation would also require a lot of ( human ) resources , that to me do n't seem that cost-effective . 
  i also do n't think that something like 40 mln of chinese people ( at the very least ) would like to move to siberia , just so that one day this territiry can go to china . 
  and it would n't be a smooth take-over , i 'm not even talking about the russian military , the locals here do n't actually want to move to china , so there would be a civil conflict over this . 
   interesting . 
  one of my russian friend is from samara , and another is from moscow . 
  both of them believe , though not very seriously , that the chinese will take over siberia . 
  i think that 's just because people look at a map and think that since there are so many chinese people and siberia is not densely populated , it would just * make sense * for the chinese to take over . 
  people do n't stop to think whether it could actually play out in reality . 
  are you from china ? 
  i personally would n't expect the chinese people to actually care much about siberia , let alone want to occupy it . 
  also , from what i read , chinese people themselves prefer to live in the southern parts of the country , the north is n't that popular . 
   i know that there is no word for `` is '' . 
  you probably know this , but i wanted to point out that it 's not really true . 
  there obviously is a word for `` is '' ( \u0435\u0441\u0442\u044c ) , it just gets omitted in these sorts of sentences . 
  well , good that the russian anthem was useful then , 
  that 's the diminutive version of \u0434\u0435\u0442\u0438 , usually a form of endearment . 
  while \u0434\u0435\u0442\u0438 could in theory be somebody 's grown up kids , when you hear \u0434\u0435\u0442\u043a\u0438 you can pretty much be sure it 's about actual small kids ( or used sarcastically about grown ups ) . 
  \u043a\u0440\u0443\u0442\u043e means cool , it was definitely positive . 
   they seem to be stretching their fingers out to pick fights with others , why not try to stake claims on a stretch of land that few care about out east ? 
  well , i 'm sure few people in other countries care , but the stretch of land south of the amur river is not that insignificant to russians . 
  it has cities like vladivostok and khabarovsk and about 3 mln russians living there . 
  there would definitely be war if anybody tried to annex that region . 
   true , but as some would say , `` that 's a russian problem . '', 
  oh , sure . 
  i agree with you . 
  i 'm just saying , and i also happen to be russian and from siberia , that if anybody tried to annex that region , there would be a serious military conflict . 
  i just do n't see why china would need that particular stretch of land so badly , that they would go to war with us over it . 
  ok , now i have to ask . 
  why ` dank ' ? 
   russians were also encouraged to visit crimea - once the playground of the soviet elite . 
  is this article really trying to paint crimea as being some sort of unattainable elite destination back in the soviet times ? 
  when it really was n't .
