  basically , what i mean is , do n't overexert yourself . 
  you wo n't be able to translate those texts right now , because without the knowledge of grammar you 'll get lost in the text . 
  but that 's ok , take it slowly . 
  that 's actually really handy that you 've studied latin in the past . 
  at least the idea of cases is n't foreign to you and you understand how they work and how they make the sentence structure quite fluid . 
  that 's often a stumbling block for new learners ( depending on the language background of course ) . 
  yes , foreign music is a great way to introduce yourself to a new language . 
  though it 's always quite difficult to offer any ` recommendations ' to strangers , people have very different tastes in music . 
  \u0418\u0417 \u0414\u041e\u041c\u0423 : from your own house . 
  though , now people also use ' \u0438\u0437 \u0434\u043e\u043c\u0430 ' when talking about their own house , but you ca n't use ' \u0438\u0437 \u0434\u043e\u043c\u0443 ' for just a building . 
   ca n't say about the community , because i 'm not russian . 
  this can probably be confusing for a foreigner , i 'm guessing you 're a ` rossiyanin ' ( russian citizen ) , but not russkij ( ethnic russian ) . 
  unless , i 'm wrong and you 're just not from russia , nevermind then . 
  can i ask what your background is ? 
  i 'm honestly just curious . 
  shashlik made me think about the caucasus , but then i thought that actually most people really like shashlik , i know i do . 
  somehow , i 'm pretty sure that the people i know go through life not knowing that we are supposed to `` bend over backwards for the privilege of speaking with someone learning russian '' . 
  i mean , why would we ? 
  i pretty much agree with the first guy . 
  so , it 's not the sort of thing i would personally spend my money on as a russian , but i suppose it was made with a western audience in mind anyway . 
  you 're probably right and what you say is true . 
  but to jump from that to `` most russians will bend over backwards for the privilege of speaking with someone learning russian '' is a pretty wild exaggeration and also quite offensive ( a * privilege * , really ? 
   i was amazed to find out just how much in common americans and russians have . 
  they both see their countries as chosen by god , but that manifests itself in completely different ways . 
  also , both countries are very quick to deny their very european roots . 
  they both think they are special snowflakes . 
  interesting , i 'll fully admit that the special snowflake syndrome is quite strong here . 
  but the whole `` chosen by god '' thing is not really something i 've noticed , perhaps i 'm just oblivious to it . 
   anyway , on one visit a lady picked me out as a foreigner and went on for a good 15 minutes about how russia was the last beacon of christianity . 
  yes , i suppose ignorance is everywhere . 
  i myself am russian-orthodox , but obviously i do find the idea that russia is somehow the last beacon of christianity to be quite laughable.the orthodox church does regard itself as the true church after the catholic/orthodox schism , but obviously the orthodox church covers more countries , so i suppose i never connected that fact to ` russians see their country as chosen by god ' . 
  i mean catholics regard themselves as the true church after the schism , but i do n't suppose that means that italians see their country as chosen by god . 
   i think you see this too in things like the anti-gay movement who see themselves as a bulwark against the hedonistic , apostate west . 
  ah yes , this particular stupidity is probably true enough . 
  though for obvious reasons this is quite hypocritical . 
  lets 's not pretend russians are particularly traditional when it comes to such issues as extramarital sex or whatever . 
  we 're really not such a traditional society in many regards , even if some people would like us to be . 
  if the west is ` hedonistic and apostate ' i find it stupid to pretend that russia is somehow above that . 
  i do n't know , i would n't say that people really think that the west is somehow more hedonistic , being hedonistic and heterosexual is n't particularly frowned upon i 'd say . 
  so , i would n't say that the ` average ' homophobic dude here is going `` oh look at the west , they are so sinful over there to allow gay marriage '' . 
  i think it 's often tied to the ideas of masculinity and how being gay is thus seen as being unmanly . 
  i suppose it can feel a bit archaic , the sort of thing you 'll see in storytelling more often than actually use in real life . 
  still , people do use it in the meaning of leaving your own house , it 's not wrong . 
  i had no idea who she is , so i googled her . 
  her name is svetlana agarval , turns out she is a belorussian singer who likes to perform in hindi , i think she just really likes indian culture . 
   georgiy danelia - walking through the streets of moscow . 
  romanticised view of post-war moscow . 
  a working class guy from siberia ( who 's published in the best magazine in the country ) comes to moscow , befriends two moscovites and the girl will , of course , go back to siberia with him . 
  i really like ` walking through the streets of moscow ' , quite simple , but so very charming . 
  yet , my impression was always that she did not go back to siberia with him . 
  you know , that 's part of the charm , they have this fleeting moment , but nothing really comes from it . 
  m\u044b \u0438\u0437 \u0431\u0443\u0434\u0443\u0449\u0435\u0433\u043e ( we are from the future ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fx29ejl_lgu here you can turn on english subs . 
  \u041c\u0435\u0442\u0440\u043e ( metro ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puu3rtac_hs this one does n't have english subs , sorry . 
   i should have worded it better and not included my personal thoughts in it . 
  i do n't mind that you did , you actually gave me a new outlook on this movie . 
  i always thought it was quite bittersweet since it all basically comes to nothing between them . 
  i am going to watch it again and now imagine a happy ending for the couple , 
  second syllable . 
  yes , it does mean `` shut up '' . 
  it 's pretty much the same `` shut up '' as in english . 
  eh , much will probably depend on your tone , but it 's not really friendly . 
  though it can be used between friends depending on the circumstances , but i would n't call it friendly . 
  as the other commenter said , it has a rather vulgar tone . 
  if your friends can have it , sure . 
  or if you 're really annoyed with your friends , but you know it wo n't really offend them . 
  i think it 's kind of like `` shut it '' in english . 
  well , it does n't necessary mean he wanted to offend you . 
  it 's not a word i would use , but as you both are teenage guys ( i 'm assuming ) , i 'm thinking ` crude ' language can be used without intending to offend . 
  oh believe me , if he wanted to say `` shut your @ # $ % & !, 
  up this instant !!!! '', 
  there are much , much more colorful ways to say that in russian . 
  it 's colloquial and definitely not a polite way to say `` stop talking '' , but in your situation i can see him just being crass and non-serious , but not with an intention to be offending . 
  i 'm guessing this guy is native speaker , but depending on how long he 's lived outside of russia , he could have lost his grasp on the language . 
  i 've seen people who grew up abroad and still kinda knew russian and they sometimes speak in a more colloquial and impolite manner , since they do n't really seem to grasp what is appropriate and what is not . 
  yes , pretty much . 
  well , as a learner i would probably just abstain from using this word , or you could easily offend someone . 
   most of them will hate blacks or jews even if they never met them . 
  most people have probably not met any black people , sure , but do they actually hate them ? 
  i would n't say that , people in general wo n't actually care about black people , since we barely have them in russia . 
  jewish people on the other hand obviously are n't that rare here . 
  there are plenty jewish people or people with partial jewish ancestry ( i myself am partly jewish ) that are living their lives here quite comfortably . 
  so , in my experience you 're definitely exaggerating . 
   as for there not being many black people in russia , that 's true ... but of course the instant any black people show up they are ostracized and at constant risk of assault . 
  watching american movies and listening to nationalist rhetoric has primed russians to react with rather vicious racism as soon as the first african shows his face . 
  i 'm sure black people face more casual racism . 
  they stand out a lot and mostly meet people who just do n't know any africans . 
  but being completely ostracized and at constant risk of assault ? 
  well , i would rather be white than black if i 'm walking around in a bad neighborhood at night , a black person will stand out like crazy and has no chance of passing as a local and thus can more easily attract some ( semi - ) criminal guys who can also be racist . 
  but , anyway i found this short blog entry by an afrincan - american who 's lived in russia for two years : http://www.england-moscow.com/2009/10/being-black-in-moscow.html . 
  `` speaking the language helps as most people that approach me , be it at the gym or in the street , are generally just curious and tend to ask similar questions . 
  how long i 've lived in russia . 
  if i am an african student here ( i am american , but that is almost never any ones guess unless i 'm talking english ) going to university . 
  if i like russian women or if i have a russian girlfriend . 
  after learning that i am american , i get the other standard questions.you know them , if all americans like mc donalds and other along those lines '' so , obviously it 's a unique experience being black in russia , with a set of challenges , but somehow this guy was n't ostracized and constantly assaulted wherever he went . 
  and let 's not pretend that the nationalistic rhetoric here is aimed at actual black ( african people ) . 
  most people do n't think about black people at all , good or bad , they are mostly a non-factor in russia . 
  i 've lived in moscow for a while and actually met some black foreigners there ( i probably had more foreign friends than average there ) , but an average person here just never interacts with black people . 
  and they are definitely not at the center of nationalistic rhetoric here , that would be the caucasians . 
  eh , people who become raving alcoholics and people who are in the running position for management jobs do n't overlap to a degree you 're implying . 
  any decently sized town or city is absolutely brimming with guys who are not alcoholics and could potentially hold any kind of managerial position .
