  i mean , sure , we have more in common with each other than with the english or the french , or whoever else . 
  but whenever i read about how we 're supposedly the same people or whatever , i roll my eyes and ca n't help but think that this person has n't interacted with ukrainians that much . 
  that 's like the opposite of the average western ukrainian . 
  you know , the whole point of maidan was to get closer to europe . 
  most of my ukrainian family members are for some reason convinced that ukraine will be invited into the eu in the next couple of years ( 5-10 years tops ) , and i do n't think i 've ever met a western ukrainian who did not want to join the eu . 
  i mean , that 's obviously not happening in reality , but that 's the dream . 
  i definitely agree with you that the notion of ` gay propaganda ' , in itself , is quite stupid . 
  but you probably should n't call an armenian russian . 
   well , there was even less worth invading for in the 40s , yet somehow that happened . 
  buffer states . 
  obviously there was no regard for what the local population wanted , but it was n't about doing it for the ` evilz ' . 
  if any other nation would be in your geographical position back then , they would also be occupied , it was n't about you personally or how well you were doing as states . 
  that 's not what they associate the eu with . 
  from personal experience i 've got that people expect that the eu will come in and rid ukraine of corruption . 
  they will have higher wages/pensions and they 'll get the opportunity to migrate to the eu without problems . 
  it 's not about giving gay people their rights , it 's about improving their own economic positions . 
  the average ukrainian nationalist is definitely all about integrating with the eu , since ukrainians are a white civilized nation , * unlike those asian barbarians to the east * , and belong with their european family . 
  again , the gay rights angle is not really a factor in those considerations . 
   us television is pushing hard on `` gay is cool '' agenda . 
  perhaps it 's done to allow quicker acceptance in public . 
  but at the same time this leads kids with low self esteem to associate themselves as gay just to be part of the cool crowd . 
  i do n't really see it . 
  the overwhelming majority of characters on us tv , are cool , beautiful straight people who hook up with other cool , beautiful straight people . 
  i 'm trying to come up with even one cool head character in a major franchise who 's also gay and i 'm drawing a blank . 
  occasional side characters ca n't really compete with the waves of popular straight characters on tv . 
  kids with low self esteem have all those tons of straight people to look up to on tv . 
  that 's only logical really , since the overwhelming majority of the audience is straight , the overwhelming amount of characters on tv is going to be straight . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , are you an ethnic russian who was born in kazakhstan or actually ( partly ) ethnically kazakh ? 
  oh , that makes sense , thanks for answering . 
  so , i 'm guessing you must have been born after the collapse of the su , do you live in us or russia now ? 
  i think it 's quite rare that you grew up with a russian identity even though you were raised in the us ( i assume ) . 
  i was also born in 91 , but in ukraine , though after a couple of years my mom could n't really get used to the local mentality and convinced my dad to go back to russia . 
  my parents have also worked abroad for some time , so i stayed with them there , but my mom always wanted to come back to russia after a while . 
   i now work in russia but spend as much time there as i do in usa because the company i work for does a lot of exporting to the us . 
  russian-made stuff that gets exported to the us ? 
   no i do n't think it does . 
  i 'm sorry , but what does ? 
  this is what i got from my family members and acquaintances from central ukraine , they honestly do n't really visit either poland or russia much . 
  they place quite high hopes ( end of corruption , etc ) on the possibility of eu membership and they do n't want to wait many years for it . 
  the nationalistic angle is definitely present as well , * ukrainians are a free european nation unlike the russians * , and so on . 
  instability in krasnodar ? 
  unlikely and by that standard , why not fear instability in rostov-on-don , sochi or volgograd ? 
  i 'm honestly mystified by saransk . 
  i ca n't imagine what their thought process was . 
  i 'm sure it 's a nice enough place , but it 's a provincial town with about 300.000 inhabitants . 
  so , why saransk ? 
   they all look good , kazan is by far the best with that photogenic winged tiger lol, 
  a winged snow leopard is on the coat of arms of tatarstan . 
  i have no idea why though , 
   not going to lie , i was hoping for a city way up north around siberia . 
  just for the lolz , we had extreme heath this worldcup and then ** extreme cold next worldcup ** :d, 
  not in the summer though , there are no cities in siberia that are cold in the summer . 
  even the ` coldest city in the world ' is actually warm in the summer . 
  i do n't think it 's that strange , the proximity to europe probably did play a role from a practical point of view . 
  i 'd say it 's not the strangest location that was chosen , now saransk on the other hand . 
  as a russian i 'm pretty mystified why saransk was picked as a location . 
  i 'm sure it 's nice enough , but it 's provincial town of around 300.000 inhabitants . 
  so , i do n't really get it . 
  no , it 's not weird , it 's correct . 
  in fact , how else could you pronounce it ? 
  * so , when have we actually been told this ? 
  eh , thanks . 
  but this is a livejournal link , i could write a private blog about aliens burning crops or any other shit , so what ? 
  still , thanks , at least now i know where they got it from . 
  amusing that they 're trying to dispel a blog entry . 
  when i googled , all i got was about terrorists burning crops . 
   anyways , a blog and a twitter are equally frivolous . 
  nope , not if a twitter is officially run by the us state department . 
  if the russian government were to officially run that blog , then you could say that they are equally frivolous . 
  that 's pretty much why it was posted here , it 's the fact that this twitter is run by us state department that makes the stuff they post pretty hilarious . 
  now this is what i wanted , thanks . 
  as i wrote , after googling what i found was about terrorists burning the crops . 
  interesting , i 'll check it out . 
  i have no idea what the voice of america was calling the separatists . 
  i would certainly be surprised if they would call them colorado beetles , i 'm sure they are smarter than that . 
  but to claim the colorado beetles is not dehumanizing is quite amusing . 
  it 's been all about the burning and killing of colorados on the internet after the odessa tragedy and with the ato in the east . 
  though , i feel that it 's the sort of rhetoric that people feel free to use when they 're anonymous , but much less in real life . 
  at least when talking to family in central ukraine they 've never once called the separatists colorado beetles . 
  to be fair , european russia is smaller , but more densely populated . 
  something like 75 % of the population lives in the european part of the country , so that 's where you have most russian speakers . 
  and most people are probably thinking about heritage , the russian language is not indigenous to asia , so people do n't see it as asian . 
  still , the idea that learning foreign languages should be about your own ethnicity is quite stupid/racist . 
  it 's not slang , it is indeed just a normal word . 
  i do n't think it was ever specifically used for stalin either . 
  it 's used to dehumanize the opposition , that 's happening quite successfully . 
  but i do n't see where the us comes in , it 's all very much a local creation . 
  is n't that mostly related to historic reasons in finland ? 
  internet left me with an impression that there 's a certain degree of antipathy towards russia/russians to this day in finland . 
   the rt clip said that it was a us effort , specifically a voice of america effort . 
  well , that 's just ridiculous . 
  did they really say voice of america actually created the ` colorado ' slur , that 's pretty out there . 
   also there is a difference between looking for ways to mock or even hate someone and planning a genocide . 
  you know dehumanizing the opponent is possible without immediately going into genocidal rage . 
  it 's way more subtle than that , let 's not pretend it is n't . 
  when i talk to my relatives in central ukraine i see that they have manged to dehumanize their opponents , without actually immediately advocating for genocide . 
  as i said it 's more subtle than that . 
  what they usually say is stuff like `` that ungrateful bydlo in the east , they do n't appreciate the efforts of maidan , they are not true ukrainians and we should just send them out of our country '' or `` everybody who 's against united ukraine does not deserve to live on ukrainian soil '' . 
  asking for federalization is also seen as being against united ukraine btw , since it 's seen as the first step towards leaving ukraine altogether . 
  my youngest cousin is even more radical , as everybody who 's against united ukraine should be sent six feet under according to him .
