  so , no , we do n't really have any particular feelings towards you . 
  why should we ? 
  that 's kind of like asking the english if the hate the irish cause they used to occupy them . 
  i would assume that most english people do n't really care one way or the other . 
  the occupation was not a result of emotional feelings , but rather a practical decision . 
  it 's the same with russians , nobody was occupying you with an expectation to be loved . 
  that 's a ridiculous notion , you were occupied because of your geographical position and because you could n't do anything about it . 
  back when the polish-lithuanian commonwealth was stronger , it used to occupy belarus , ukraine and a small part of what now is in russia . 
  it was n't doing it to be loved , but out of a quest for power . 
  i wo n't presume to speak for the russians who live in the baltic states , who knows , perhaps they are indeed suffering from rejection and childish feelings of hurt . 
  i could actually see that . 
  but russians not from the baltic states , lol no . 
   one guy even talk me that `` most russians do n't even care about kaliningrad , they just know it 's somewhere `` far away there '' . 
  i 'm curious , what do you mean by `` care '' ? 
  to me kaliningrad it just a russian region ( that is indeed far away from me ) where some of my compatriots live . 
  i hope that they are doing well of course . 
  but beyond that , i do n't really think about kaliningrad in particular . 
  it 's just a russian region , though with an unusual geographical position . 
  can i ask , where you 're from ? 
  anyway , yes i suppose that customs , myths , etc. 
  can be quite similar to a point . 
  i just do n't really think that translates to anything meaningful in reality . 
  i do n't say this because i do n't like the people there , or anything . 
  i 've had quite nice vacations in poland and czech republic . 
  i think , it 's kind of like we 're second-cousins that are n't really close . 
  sure , there 's some connection if you go back enough , but we 've had centuries to grow apart . 
  ah , yes , i suppose most russians have n't been to kaliningrad and probably know only the most basic information about the region . 
  imagine some town on the other side of lithuania from where you live . 
  you probably do n't really think about it much , but i suppose you still hope that everything is ok there in general , just like everywhere else in lithuania . 
  i think it 's probably useful to separate the government and ordinary people . 
  i do n't think that ordinary americans really care about russia , i 'm sure they have their own daily concerns and russia is not one of them . 
  i do think that the american government certainly thinks and cares about russia . 
  do i actually care about ordinary americans ? 
  no , not really , they are just people who live in a far-away foreign land . 
  i do n't actually think or care about them , i certainly do n't hate them . 
  do i care about the american government ? 
  sure , us can potentially do some real damage to my country and we 're certainly not friendly , so yes , american foreign policies * is * something i care about . 
  and here it is with the baltics , from what i see here on reddit ( including the questions asked in this topic ) , many of them project all of their fears on the ordinary russians . 
  like we somehow hate them , want to invade them , etc. 
  while most russians just do n't care about the people from the baltics . 
  do i actually care about the baltic governments ? 
  eh , not really . 
  mostly because , i do n't believe that they can really damage russia . 
  i suppose lithuania could potentially cause trouble for kaliningrad , but i 'm not * really * worried . 
  i 'll occasionally read some anti-russian things that the governments there are saying , but again , i 'm not really concerned about it , mostly just in disbelief , since i do n't think this kind of rhetoric is actually beneficial for the baltic states . 
  yes , i fully agree with you there . 
  i 'm just saying , that many of the baltic redditors are n't just concerned about russia as a state . 
  they actually write a lot of insulting things about ordinary russians , like we supposedly hate them , etc. 
  though , i 'm honestly curious about how russia can damage the baltic states . 
  they 're in the eu and nato . 
  their main economic relations should be with the eu . 
  what else is there , do they think that we would actually invade them ? 
  that 's quite out there . 
  for example , i 'm certainly not worried that the us would invade us ( lol ) . 
  it 's difficult for me to say how exactly the general opinions have shifted , i also think it will become more clear once the heat of the conflict in eastern ukraine goes down . 
  as for me personally , i do n't really know , one of my grandmothers was actually from ukraine , so i spent a lot of time in central ukraine growing up and still have relatives there . 
  my relationship with them is pretty much destroyed at this point , after it turned out they would be ok with ethnic cleansing/deportation of the people in donbass . 
  on the other hand , my relationship with a distant relative from kiev , with whom we really were n't that close before , has drastically improved . 
  she used to be quite nationalistic , but since the messed up operation in the east , she has become very disillusioned with the nationalistic movement in ukraine . 
  on the whole , i suppose i 've become more distant to ukrainians since this all started . 
   at least my mother-in-law who was always bandera fan , is now pro-putin because he did n't bend to the west like all of the previous presidents in both russia and ukraine, 
  that 's quite an unusual reaction i would say . 
  my uncle from central ukraine ( who was never a bandera fan ) has literally told me that putin is insane , he 's a danger for the whole world and that nato would step in to save ukraine from him . 
  well , that was over a month ago , so perhaps his belief in the nato has waned a bit . 
  that 's great !, 
  on a different note , have you been to the baikal ? 
  since you 're spending the summer in irkutsk , it would be a great opportunity to visit baikal i think . 
  no , he was expecting that due to the extraordinary circumstances ukraine would be quickly accepted as a member of nato and immediately receive the full protection . 
  that means nato troops , not just uniforms , helmets , etc. 
  i agree with you and that was pretty much what i told my uncle . 
  he then said that nato will make an exception for ukraine , since putin is insane and a threat to the world . 
  so that line of discussion quickly went nowhere for us . 
  i honestly know nothing about latvian politics , so i ca n't say anything about this `` for our mother language '' party . 
  from an outsiders perspective it seems that since becoming independent the baltic states have established an `` us vs them '' mentality . 
  if the russian-speaking minority , from the beginning , did not feel like it could be included and regarded as latvian citizens , then honestly it was just a human reaction to cling to their old identity . 
  yes , it 's obviously a pity that not everybody has the means to just up and go to another country , but i think you were being a bit too optimistic if you thought they would up and disappear if you just made it clear you did not like them . 
  though , if i 'm not mistaken the number of russians is declining over the years , so perhaps there 's hope that one day the majority of them will leave latvia . 
  about a year ago i 've met a very nice latvian-born russian girl , i was very surprised when she said to me very matter-of-factly something like , ` oh yeah the latvians hate us , so we in turn hate them ' . 
  i was honestly quite shocked . 
  she was about 21 years old , so she grew up in an independent latvia . 
  if it 's any consolation she was about to start her masters in the netherlands and was n't actually planning to come back to latvia . 
  so , i think the problem is , if you make it clear to a group of people that you do n't like them , they wo n't be so eager to integrate , that 's just human nature . 
  i do n't know how to go further , i understand why you do n't like living with a big minority that you feel is foreign to you . 
  i can even sympathize , still i do n't see all that many solutions to this that will be accepted in our times . 
  i 'm guessing you 're a troll , right ? 
  way too overblown . 
  remember , when baiting , a little subtlety goes a long way . 
  seriously , you 're `` calling it '' in a troll thread ? 
  i could potentially see some misguided soul starting such a thread about ukraine . 
  i would honestly be shaking my head about that , but sure , we do have those kinds of people . 
  though a new account with such an overblown rhetoric is dubious to say the least . 
  but about poland ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  yes , i certainly can see that this thread was started with the goal of `` exposing such thoughts '' . 
  but , that 's why i 'm saying that a better troll would have started such a thread about ukraine . 
  tone down the ` cray-cray ' rhetoric and it would even be half-way believable . 
  as i said , there are certainly misguided people in our society who actually believe that ` we 're the same ' with the belorussians and ukrainians , but that certainly does not extend to the poles or the baltcs ( lol , no ) . 
  after spending enough time with my family in central ukraine i can definitely say that we 're not the same people , the difference in mentality is there . 
  same with the belorussians . 
  i really , really like the belorussian people , but there 's a difference in mentality .
