the movie industry will have a nice time analyzing the pictures and video in order to create better effect . 
   eu currently tries to ban semi-automatic weapons meaning the citizens will be more and more defenseless and the criminal more and more powerful . 
  making the citizen defenseless and the criminal even more powerful ... 
  and this is why europe should implement a conceal carry law . 
  ask yourself , would so much rapist try this kind of thing if they knew that everyone could shoot them down ? 
  invaders ? 
  an islamic dictatorship at the door of europe which will let isis enter ? 
  yes . 
  take ours !, 
  we have too much since a few decades ... 
  and losing our right to intervene in the world and our nuclear forces because someone in europe is a weak/defensive mind ? 
  not while i am breathing . 
  i will say yes only if this is a defense pact . 
  i want my country to still be able to goes to the offensive whenever we want . 
  scandinavia is on another level of wealth compared to continental europe . 
  i am french , i live correctly and i can tell you that very few people can afford a 45k euros car . 
  let 's be honest , aside france , the uk , germany , italy , poland and scandinavia there is no force in europe which could make russia stop for a moment . 
  this , so much this . 
  before an army we have to fix have the political , cultural and financial tension in europe . 
  the future is of the european union is a federal union , a cultural union and a linguistic union . 
  yes even linguistic , at one point we will all have to accept that english will have to become the official language if we really want this union . 
  great but the big question is when will they become affordable for the normal citizen ? 
  35k $ mean it will be at least 45k euros here , which is still too high . 
  once it will hit the 20k euros then people will start thinking about it . 
  this is so strange , i know more about what is happening in the world than in my country ... 
  sterilizing the ones already there would help too . 
  i only go to aldi for one thing , to discover new product from around the world . 
  they always have new cookies , meat and drink from places you ca n't found in any supermarket . 
  so after my groceries i go there 5 minutes to get the little surprise of the week . 
  of course , the head of an islamic dictatorship would say that . 
  but let 's not be naive , turkey was never our ally to begins with . 
   money make people happy no shit, 
  looks like floydit will have a new server . 
  looks like i am a euro-fascist now . 
  better be that than being part of this islamic dictatorship . 
  remember : turkey is an islamic dictatorship at the gate of europe which openly support genocide and has quite a large army . 
  at any moment this could end badly . 
  they are free to leave . 
  i see no reason why jews should have an extra layer of protection when no one groups ask for it . 
  the president should not have a say about this while he is still in power . 
  this is precisely because the elite wanted to force someone on the population that brexit and trump happened . 
  whoever is against le pen in the second round already won so it seems that macron is the next president . 
  remember , this is the same person who lied when he say he would retire if their was an affair like that ( http://www.lexpress.fr/actualite/politique/elections/mis-en-examen-je-ne-serai-pas-candidat-quand-fillon-contredit-francois_1884632.html ) . 
  if he openly lie about something like that then how can people trust him anymore ? 
  we have an islamic dictatorship at our doors but no let it grow worse ... 
  i do n't believe him one second . 
  another empty promise . 
  i still no no difference between him and most of the other candidates . 
  and i say that erdogan can eat a big bag of dicks . 
  and none of them will do anything once elected and they will all forget about their promises . 
  or they will increase taxes , increase unemployment , decrease public spending and put more money in the rich 's pockets . 
  i do n't understand for lack of love for estonia , such a nice country . 
  in my top 5 of where i would live in europe . 
  mainly with indifference . 
  we know wthat whatever candidate will win it will result in the same ; increase in taxes , decrease in public spending , increase of unemployement and increase of politician money . 
  if blasphemy law is a thing then some politicians should be in jail too because i am offended by how stupid they are . 
  no thanks . 
  it is a waste of money . 
  it will only be use to increase taxes and put money in the pocket of people already rich . 
  if malloch is not welcome how will we allow memory anymore ? 
  good . 
  only savage ruins a good pizza with pineapple or olives . 
  i think this is mainly because the vast majority do n't trust politician . 
  there is no point in having this political culture if you know that no politician actually cares about the population . 
  so whatever happen in the first round we know le pen will lose to the second one since they will all gang up against her . 
  thanks for this , i needed a good laugh this morning . 
  being sad for this is pointless . 
  we should work on the cause of the problem , the fact that a vast majority of the muslim immigration do n't try to integrate into the european cultures . 
  the problem would be the same if this was mormons , buddhist or the cult of a giant space carrot . 
  if you have an immigration not willing to integrate and which bring violence and other problem with it then you should refuse it . 
  i do n't care of the guy is muslim , what i want is that he try respect the culture he enter . 
  the problem is not even religion . 
  near my work we have camps of travelling people ( who do n't travel anymore ... ) . 
  we offer to their children and them : - free education - free foods - free cloths - free health care - free language lesson - jobs and they refuse it and prefer to stay in their little community which now mostly gravit around criminal activity . 
  some made the choice to integrate , and it worked . 
  but most of them do n't want to . 
  sadly a lot of vote goes to le pen because even if it would be a catastrophe at least something would change . 
  all the other candidate are pretty much the same thing with no hope to change and make the country evolve . 
  we know that once in power they will forget all their promise and will fuck the poor/middle class over and only help the rich onc again , even the one who say they are from the left . 
  this is why she is gaining so much vote . 
  people are angry and would rather have a shit show than 8 years of the same . 
   will he have to resign his candidacy ? 
  nothing will happen , he will give a nice position to someone when elected and everyone will forget about it . 
  he was still better than the shit hole north africa is right now ... 
  even if they hit 2 % , most of them are doing nothing to actually be acting members of nato and do their job . 
  only the usa , france , uk and canada are moving their ass and try to do something when shit happen like in africa , middle east ... 
  would not be the first time . 
  remember when the french population said no in the constitution referendum and the government simply ignored the voice of the people ? 
  i do n't see the point when a plane is faster and cheaper and a boat to transport marchandise will not suffer from some people blocking the way and destroying the railway , can transport more and still have really fast maritime roads now ... 
  we actually should ban them . 
   he is a supporter of the european idea . 
  which is not always a good thing . 
  he must first be the french president and after then a member of the eu . 
  i would rather get a ron paul or sanders than what choice we have right now . 
  fillon , macron , lepen or any candidate from the left ... i have absolutely no hope for them to change anything in the country . 
  i reached a point where i am more interest into the political life of other countries than mine or would rather have candidates from other countries coming in mine than our politicians we have now . 
  i really do n't understand this thinking . 
  this kind of independence only makes everyone weaker . 
  we should wish for an united mankind under one flag , with one language and one social and economic system . 
  this is the only move forward .
