there is history what history ? 
  `` why are so many of you so enthusiastic about the eu . 
  ( this is something i do n't get . ) '', 
  european union is today the most risky , complex and beautiful experiment in the whole world . 
  is by far the most advanced struggle for cooperation and culture , instead of to get old , fat and die in geneva or z\u00fcrich watching the tv , the eu rise a new level of civilization . 
  european union is something worth it to fight . 
  there is a wider gap between west europe-romania than mexico-usa in even so west europe offers totally open borders to romanians , in part because is rational , but also because europe is beyond `` we are # 1 '' idiocracy that currently defines us mentality . 
  in 1990 us was by far a bigger economy than eu , today europe is the biggest economic engine in the world . 
  you say 23 % of people in switzerland are non-born switzerlands , so what ? 
  there was 200 % more people in 2010 than in 1910 living in switzerland and nothing bad happened . 
  west germany take most immigrants from east germany than switzerland and in the long run germany becomes an stronger country . 
  you can say : `` but they all they were germans '' , and that is the point : all we are europeans now . 
  as kant said : `` the world has priority over any country '' . 
  government spending is the debt !!, 
  but even so germans spent more : http://www.economonitor.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/image002.jpg, 
  well , after see your link , i can say you clearly are not an economics student : you choose a graph that denies your own argument . 
  your own graph gives me the reason , spain is a trillion euro economy , the 330 billion in 2007 shows a very low debt rate , less than 40 % , in 2007 germany debt by gdp was near 45 % , id est , german government spent more than the spaniard government . 
  current usa debt is 110 % and japan 200 % of their gdp, 
  that is not what scientific data shows . 
  there is some info here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prudential_capital_controls, 
  the point is that free movement of capital is a dangerous thing . 
  in the 80 's and 90 's the victims were third world countries but because the south countries are becoming bigger players in the financial world now even the developed countries can suffer a sudden money withdraw . 
  it is like a big boat with water inside , even with water the boat can travels and works , but under some conditions all the water go to one side and the boat got sunk . 
  we saw that in mexico ( 1994 ) , asia ( 1998 ) , russia and argentina ( 2001 ) and now in spain ( and maybe turkey ) . 
  between 1945 and 1985 we never saw that kind of global shocks , mainly because the capital movement was regulated . 
  it is clearly a cyclical systemic risk . 
  an nobody is proposing a way to make the situation safer and sustainable . 
   the south spent too much for too long that is not true , since 1990 spain has been more responsible on its spending policy than any other country in the eu including germany . 
  spain government never spent too much . 
  the problem was the flood of credit from the north and its sudden withdraw . 
  the total liberation of financial markets had a new victim . 
  as a mexican , i love the `` mexican standoff '' reference . 
  it sounds so badass . 
  you wrote a large comment , but the fact that quran , bible , talmud , mormon 's book or popol vuh are potential sources of the same amount of craziness , clearly remains . 
  of course you never got that oil , your are a dirty slave from the g7 sector . 
  the oil went to the companies : http://www.theguardian.com/environment/earth-insight/2014/mar/20/iraq-war-oil-resources-energy-peak-scarcity-economy http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/features/2011/12/2011122813134071641.html, 
  i guess what olpainless is saying is that now we need a new , radical and integral approach to the middle east situation . 
  and that approach requires to work with local democracies closely in order to rise the general quality of life . 
  the previous approach was : `` i will conquer your country while taking your resources . 
  if local people suffer or get killed , well , overpopulation anyway . '', 
  no it does n't . 
  the american colonies under the english crown suffered several and important injustices , including being heavily taxed but without representation at the parliament and they were n't allowed to produce some kind of manufactures and so people were forced to buy products from england . 
  besides , that was 240 year ago . 
  catalonians , on the other , are totally equals to any spaniard and part of the eu , getting total independence would put catalonia in a less relevant and more weak position than being part of spain , so for people who do n't know too much about the situation the desire of independence does n't make too much sense . 
  amen !, 
  if the eu helps mexico with desalination technology , we can take 50,000 refugees in a new city in the gulf of california . 
  your source is weak and contradictory : `` illegal immigrants avoid involvement in criminal activity to reduce interaction with law enforcement officials , [ t ] he suggestion that high levels of immigration may have been partially responsible for the drop in crime during the 1990s seems plausible '', 
  romans expanded what maybe is the core of the western civilization : the greek idea that a society has the moral obligation to criticize its own laws and behaviours . 
  a weird idea for a japanese , an aztec , a viking or an arab . 
  us diplomacy : a goat on lsd in a crystal shop . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  do you mean ergastulum ? 
  well , i think working less hours involves cultural and ideological elements beyond the economics . 
  in europe high automation addresses to fewer hours working , but in us , corea and japan no . 
  you are getting labor productivity all wrong , which is , i 'm afraid , a very common mistake . 
  non economists automatically link `` labor productivity '' with concepts like `` work ethics '' or `` being motivated '' which is ** not the case at all ** . 
  for instance , mexicans who cross the border daily to work in a factory at arizona increase their productivity 500 % over the average mexican , they are in fact more productive than japanese or british workers , that is not because they work 500 % harder or they are 500 % more motivated . 
  germans who travel to work at colombia are 600 % less productive when they get down from the airplane , and that is not because there is a magic magnetic field in the atlantic that changes people 's levels of motivation . 
  labor productivity is defined by the `` context of production '' , which is the sum of technology + education + investment level + infrastructure in a particular area . 
  personal efforts are good and welcomed , but they have a small relevance when we 're talking about creating wealth in a modern scale . 
  does n't matter how hard and how early in the morning a baker starts his work doing muffins , if other baker , lazy and unmotivated , has an automated muffin machine and a powerful software to handle the factory processes , the lazy baker will get more and more money and eventually the hard-work baker will go to the bankruptcy . 
  us has its own problems with diversity , integration and identity . 
  in the deep of their brains , caucasian ` muhricans do n't consider blacks and hispanics real ` muhricans . 
  always when i talk with people from us , they explain me that us ca n't adopt the nordic tax model because us is not as `` homogeneous '' as sweden , which really means : `` i do n't want to pay taxes for non-whites '' . 
  race has a bigger weight than nation . 
  besides us is now a bilingual nation which most integrate with mexico in an pacific and ordered way in the next years because if not , mexico will be a source of instability in north america if the mexico-brazil-china integration ( which is a very real scenario ) advance . 
  trump shows us how reluctant and in denial of that new reality , and new identity , ( white ) people from us are . 
  that is like lisa 's rock argument : i never ran into a bear while holding the rock , * ergo * , the rock repels the bears . 
  revolutions have guns , * ergo * , to have guns avoid tyrannies . 
  revolutions , democracies , governments , social institutions , constructing and justification of legal violence is much more complex than that . 
  which is a very weak argument . 
  historically , the existence and dissatisfaction of a strong middle class is the key engine to change and improve a government . 
  i they are eu citizens , how exactly a wall is gon na stop them ? 
  first , in a continental scale walls do n't work in a `` sealed '' way uneducated people think they do , they never did , they never will . 
  second , walls can just reduce the number of attempts but only if you have a legal way to stop the people . 
  if all mexicans have a us passport what is the point to rise a wall in the us-mx desert ? 
  diplomacy , hacking telecommunications and intelligence are more believable ways to stop a terrorist attack than walls . 
  your comment is curious , you are saying : a but no-a also . 
  i 'm mexican and even we have a higher wealth than many eastern countries : ~ 26k, 
  for a size of eu economy , $ 6.7 billion is surprisingly small . 
  pet food industry in us is over $ 40 billion , remittances to mexico from us are over $ 18 billion . 
  $ 6.7 billion are just few roads and trains . 
  yep : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_and_dependent_territories_by_fertility_rate http://www.worldometers.info/world-population/ currently the world 's growth population rate is near to 1 % . 
  we are gon na hit 9 billion but because we are having a very long life , but after the year 2060 the earth will be japan or germany basically : million of old people dying and very few babies . 
  apparently we dodged the overpopulation crisis . 
  actually , socialists and communist hate ubi because is a `` bourgeois distraction '' of the real and historical target : to own all the means of production and all the money . 
  traditionally ubi has been rooted by right economists like friedman and hayek because it 's compatible with capitalism . 
  yeah , while ubuntu/huawai or some couple like that do n't launch an out of the box system , linux wo n't be relevant in the desktop market . 
  the good news is that many apis are being developed and applied first on linux for the big companies of the industry , so it is a really up-to-date os . 
  i 'm guessing you are not installed a linux system since fifteen years ago . 
  most of the hp printers are supported on linux with a very pretty wizard which download and install the drivers . 
  the hp client includes all the advanced options to print . 
  copying is not related with the os , in most of the printers that is handled from the buttons in the printer 's panel . 
  scanning is supported with xsane or the gimp plugin . 
  scanning through usb ports is a well known api in the industry . 
  i think the number is the opposite : 80 % of the multifunctional printers are supported on linux . 
  but linux indeed has problems , like the current mess with the amd radeon cards . 
  so , i understand if someone does n't want to use it . 
  there are many valid reasons to not chose linux as your desktop . 
  i think by generated profits , seeing the last reports from oracle , ibm , google , samsung , huawei and redhat , linux rules the world right now .
