  they collect your emails according to to topics than when they have enough they send out these vague responses and make you feel as if the politician himself has read it . 
  the reason why it 's written in his name is that he had approved it with 20 different mails for different campaigns . 
  the big difference is that aldi is not in a dominant position . 
  if they would have a 10x larger market share then their next competitor and would use that position to promote a different brand they own ( let 's say only sell and promote aldi beer ) they would run in the same troubles . 
  but since the grocery market is far away from being dominated by a single competitor and aldi is forced by the market to act consumer friendly anti trust policies are n't necessary . 
  no , communists fake history to fit their agenda and narrative of class struggle . 
  anti-nationalists willingly run with it because it takes away the very old origin of a german symbol which would hurt their version of germany as a modern invention rather than an ancient people . 
  you are misinformed . 
  communist revisionism . 
  sad, 
  the the red beak and and claws of the [ reichsadler ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:shield_and_coat_of_arms_of_the_holy_roman_emperor_\\ ( c.1200-c .1300 \\ ) . svg ) is were the red comes from . 
  the colors are much older and were the imperial colors of the hre . 
  f\u00fcr you maybe ... 
  i like poorope behind a wall and far away please . 
  just look in the phone book for `` kulturvereine '' . 
  they absolutely do not hate us for our freedom . 
  where does this bullshit constantly come from ? 
  they hate us because we are not muslims , because we act not according with sharia and because their holy book calls us the enemy of god and the lowest of all creatures . 
  and ja , there are third generation migrants who do not speak german in vienna , even more who ca n't string together useful sentences . 
  we make it easy for them , all public services have their forms and information in turkish and serbo-croatian . 
  our social services have interpreters so they can collect welfare . 
  in public schools austrians are already a small minority , so they do not have to speak the language of the land with their peers . 
  many part time , most paper pushers . 
  everything of critical nature was thought off , build and maintained by men . 
  the very ground you stand on was put there by a man . 
  the device which illuminates your face is a brain child of men . 
  without men we would live in grass huts eating berries and drink mud water . 
  and luckily we have in living memory of a time were women were n't half the workforce , civilization still prospered . 
  very much so . 
  being conscious of the natural hierarchy may makes me a sexist chauvinist , but it does not make me wrong . 
  right now it looks like they turned it into a jobs program . 
  western countries can be so glad that our men build such strong and prosperous economies with a huge technological advantage . 
  because conventional warfare alone would mean that we are fucked . 
  welcome to the world of being a consultant + dev . 
  being in touch with our clients is part of my job description . 
  isolating your devs from the real world only creates unnecessary overhead . 
  i believe that 's a ploy by the marketing/sales types to make themselves seem more needed than they actually are . 
  b2b businesses have products and they have clients . 
  and in my experience it 's much better to work with those instead of with consumers . 
  because genes and ancestry is evil nazi talk ... 
  another thing is that they call gypsy crime gangs \u201e rum\u00e4nen '' since many of them are romanian citizens . 
  often independently of if they actually are from romania . 
  demographic trends say something different . 
  if we do not change course we will have the same fate as the eastern roman empire . 
  is that a no ? 
  i would think that journalists would have an interest in doing so . 
  an elaborate hoax like this should never go unchallenged . 
  and just assume these documents were real . 
  what else should they have done but leak it ? 
  what else could they have done ? 
  if such documents surface there should be at least some sort of engagement with it , but as it stands the press and everyone else are hard set on ignoring it , aging fuel to the fire of conspiracy theorist . 
  without such debunking how can we be confident in the fact that there is nothing to it ? 
  how do we know if these are fake ? 
  was it authoritatively debunked ? 
  if so , by whom ? 
   the eu was n't really defended , it did n't elicit any great passion , you know that there is a reason for that . 
  in the 70ies 80ies the eu did not exist as what it is today . 
  the idea of the union as a supra-nation-state was far away from being realized and was a fringe ideology . 
  only with the treaty of maastricht and lissabon moves in that direction became into practical manifestation . 
  and the opposition to it is a reaction against these changes . 
   i 'm sure it 's a minority , but i can see pro-eu people switching from `` we should do this because it makes sense '' to `` we should do this because it 's our common identity '' . 
  the eu as a common identity for europeans is just laughable . 
  as you yourself recognized , a tiny minority claims to identify as such and those are the kind of people who do n't put value in their identity anyway . 
   wait , so taxing christians , jews and zoroastrians is equivalent of an order to kill jews ? 
  or ones treacherously betrays you means jews ? 
  why do you ignore half the verse ? 
  what do you think `` fight them until they are subdued '' means ? 
  what do you think `` even if they are of the people of the book '' means for people who are not ? 
   i 'm not a muslim , and most of my grandparents were so i have chosen to leave it . 
  so please do n't make me to defend it i never called you a moslem , i just called out your apologetics . 
   right now what you 're saying sounds so absurd that i ca n't help myself . 
  what exactly ? 
  point out what you think i said is not supported by the koran and i will show you the corresponding verse and interpretation by the mainstream moslem sects, 
  9.29  fight those who believe not in allah nor the last day , nor hold that forbidden which hath been forbidden by allah and his messenger , nor acknowledge the religion of truth , ( even if they are ) of the people of the book , until they pay the jizya with willing submission , and feel themselves subdued . 
  4.89  they but wish that ye should reject faith , as they do , and thus be on the same footing ( as they ) : but take not friends from their ranks until they flee in the way of allah ( from what is forbidden ) . 
  but if they turn renegades , seize them and slay them wherever ye find them ; and ( in any case ) take no friends or helpers from their ranks ; - it 's really not hard to find . 
  the koran is full of that shit . 
  kill disbelieves , enslave and rape women . 
  beat your wife if she does not obey . 
  disbelievers are called the enemies of allah , are constantly threatened and muslims are supposed to rule the world . 
  it 's a horrible book . 
   there is such a thing as koran only islam  hadith is just speculations , and it 's not part of the religion , except the practice part for some . 
  a small portion of moslems are quranists and with no influence at all . 
  and it 's not as if the koran itself would n't be atrocious enough . 
  and if by some you mean  90 % of practicing moslems ... do n't talk nonsense of course it 's part of the religion . 
  all moslem scholars of the major madahib use the hadiths as source . 
   koran itself says only koran is the source . 
  the book also says to take their prophet as example , which obviously must be recorded in some form or another . 
   at least half of the bukhari , the most reliable hadith source , is regarded as false by most of the scholars to begin with . 
  can you back this up and substantiate ? 
  which scholars ? 
  how many is most ? 
  why is it regarded as false and what parts ? 
  i have the strong feeling that you are one of those apologists who has a vague idea over how islam ideally should be with no real concept of how islam actually is . 
  everything that dissonates with your feel good vision is disregarded as `` they do it wrong '' . 
  all nice , but it completely removes the burden of critically thinking about this religious political ideology . 
  as an akp proxy they simply are a muslim party . 
  they ai n't fooling anyone . 
  their voters know it and we european should know it as well . 
  good .
