why is it never going to happen ? 
  are you not an informed consumer ? 
  i am , and no regulation in the world made me this , i chose to care and so do many other people . 
  if i want good honey or any product really , i buy it from sources i trust . 
  there is no need for regulation , because my personal standards and that of my sources already are higher than what the regulatory body seems fit . 
  and in the end it 's the individual 's responsibility to be informed , not that of the government or any other higher being or deity . 
  the best greek restaurant i was at was run by a swiss person . 
  there is nothing magical about greeks that they would be able to make their dishes better . 
  is there any data that shows that something like menstrual symptoms affect women in such a way that a leave would be justified ? 
  even if they do not get the leave , it gives you to think over how that affects their performance . 
  my uncle in law manages a slaughter house , what you see here is employees intentionally torturing animals by not following the procedure . 
  in the slaughterhouse of my uncle you would never see that suffering . 
  the killing is painless and the animals do not feel a thing . 
  things you see in the video already are against the law and are the absolute exception in the industry . 
  overnight our ethnicity transformed miraculously , with time travel to alter our history , culture , genetics and language or some such . 
  austrians are mostly uneducated about it . 
  and there was an effort to construct an independent identity out of thin air . 
  going so far that the official austrian dictionary refused to call our language by it 's name until the 1960ies . 
  instead of saying `` deutsch '' they wrote `` the language of the austrian people '' or `` standard language '' etc. 
  which is why most simply do n't know about that . 
  they truly think germany invaded us for the lulz and that we were the first victims of nazi germany ( the `` lebensl\u00fcge '' of our state ) . 
  but everyone with any knowledge in our history knows that we are as german as one can be . 
  citizenship is not what makes your ethnicity and nationality . 
  in the end it 's a declaration of who governs you , not about who you are . 
  austrians are germans . 
  this debate is thus useless . 
  mozart was born in salzburg today austria , back than ~ ~ bavaria ~ ~ an archbishopric and part of the bavarian [ imperial circle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_circle ) in the [ hre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holy_roman_empire ) . 
  but both are german lands and their inhabitants were always german people . 
  is that a trustworthy source ? 
  that 's the spirit . 
  his sense of humor is definitive proof that he is a phony from the north . 
  i too have google maps . 
  explicitly it 's mentioned within the staatsvertrag and implicitly slovene is protected within the constitution as autochthonous minority language . 
  sure we can do this . 
  this is no different to other assistance payments tied to length of residency which almost every other country has in place in some form . 
   well you can try but expect serious consequences . 
  oh i 'm looking forward to the day eu federalism collapses and we can go back to nation states with real sovereignty . 
  thank you for reminding me why the eu needs to die . 
   this threatens the very existence of eu . 
  good, 
   ban salafism how is salafism different from islam ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  how does that not interfere with the freedom of religion ? 
  i 'm by far no expert on eu rights . 
  but this is a social measure to integrate people back into work . 
  of course this does not apply to people who are n't even here yet . 
  and social measures like this are a prominent exemption on which we can discriminate . 
  and it 's not like it only applies to austrians . 
  we dared to not write about the minority status of slovenes and their language into the new carinthian constitution . 
  which still does not answer where else such recordings could have originated from ? 
  of course they are not impartial , but is there any good reason to believe that these are fake ? 
   the recording comes from the ukrainian intelligence . 
  nuff said . 
  where else should legitimate recordings come from ? 
  i think alls investigations have confirmed that it was separatists with russian missile systems who shot them down . 
  that 's as close to a fact as something like that can be . 
  why should it been said sarcastically ? 
  everyone should know that sweden has massive problems with their muslim immigrants . 
  even if the left there tries to downplay them and the right loves to exaggerate it into an ongoing war zone scenario . 
  the problems are still there and no one sane could deny this . 
  [ wrong !, 
  ] ( https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=l%c3%bcgenpresse&amp;year_start=1800&amp;year_end=2000&amp;corpus=20&amp;smoothing=0 ), 
  and why are there gangs in sweden using weapons from jugoslavia ? 
  how come these weapons find their way into northern europe ? 
  not related to immigration at all ? 
  source for that ? 
  if true , that only illustrates how people from war torn regions just bring their problems with them , and with the people the problems stay . 
  sad . 
  the word could not be more fitting . 
   i have no clue why , but when i opened the article , it had a completely different title than op 's , so i took it down . 
  i also had a different headline . 
  despite not agreeing with the rule that prohibits editorialized titles and think that it 's most often used as a tool of censorship by the mods ( '' \u5350\u5350\u5350 '' ) , that 's strange . 
  ~ ~ maybe the author changed it after he saw where most of the traffic came from , or it always had two titles . ~ ~ edit : after looking at the original url which contains the submission title , that theory goes out of the window . 
  it appears to have been the original title , which was changed and than changed back . 
  what 's the excuse for making up stuff he said ? 
  because that 's exactly what happened . 
  he did not invent a terror attack the media invented that statement . 
  they pulled it out of thin air , quite literally . 
  i listened to that talk he gave . 
  while not very specific and rambling , the connection to a terror attack happened in the head of some journalists . 
  it is . 
  there is a whole industry sucking up money . 
  i recently did a course on university which i needed for a certificate and the amount of people who i came into contact with who eventually are going to `` work with refugees '' is astonishing . 
  our country literally burns billions every year . 
  of course this industry has a lobby . 
  whenever you hear experts on radio talking about the topic and you look them up , they always work for institutes who benefit massively from all the problems mass immigration creates and they attend to . 
  the administrative overhead is astonishing . 
  there is no self regulation in place . 
  our welfare system will grow indefinitely until there is no money left . 
  the collapse of that system i fear will be bloody . 
   there was no terror attack , so trump is wrong and was lying or at least was very mislead by fox news , which he cites as his source . 
  or maybe you were lied to . 
  because trump never said that there was one . 
  he bemoaned the situation sweden is in because of muslim migration . 
  the `` teror attack '' is ** complete ** fiction by the l\u00fcgenpresse . 
  it was you who was mislead and lied to . 
  the perfect example of fake news . 
  the problem is that he certainly did not invent a terror attack but the l\u00fcgenpresse still has it as headlines . 
  sure you can criticize his vagueness , but that 's not headline material . 
  inventing terror attacks is , but he did not do that .
