  immigration is n't the only argument for leaving, 
  i doubt people would be xenophoic towards you anyway , especially if you are in and around the london area, 
  does the fact the uk wants to leave dissuade you from working there ? 
  that seems like quite a minor reason tbh , the culture should be much more important, 
  would also be quite ironic if we then did leave the eu, 
  i am happy if the rest of europe wishes to unite , but i do n't want the uk to be a part of it, 
  ok , please give me data on where most of these refugees originate from and then your reasoning why it is britain 's fault that they are coming to europe, 
  well there is always the argument that although they never personally took advantage of another country they benefited from other european countries doing so , but after all i do n't really think that a lot of these ` you used to own them etc ' arguments are valid anyway, 
  this subreddit is ridiculous . 
  like seriously , when it is about britain not wanting to take in more eastern europeans we are ridiculed , but then all of a sudden when it is about african refugees you are all like ` let 's send them back home ' etc. 
  really ? 
  just because we are wealthier then other countries does n't mean we have to absorb waves of refugees from elsewhere, 
  oh come on , if we are using that argument then every single rich country is only rich because at some point they took advantage of someone etc. 
  the hope would be the facts get to the forefront , but when looking at plain figures it can be twisted either way, 
  do you have any more information on this ? 
  like where did they live whilst working there , and did they return after the war etc, 
  it would just be a landslide majority to keep the monarchy , like holding a referendum holds no purpose when so few people oppose it, 
  this is true , to an extent many people think we should stay in the eu as otherwise ` we could n't go on holiday to europe anymore ' or because ` we will lose 3 million jobs ' when it is clearly untrue . 
  many on the pro-eu side foster these ideas as they know it is easier then actually giving people good reasons to vote to stay . 
  or they just try and deny a referendum all together, 
  are there any articles or other sources comparing the birth rates of estonians and russians in estonia ? 
  i 'd be interested to read more, 
  yeah sorry bout that , no hard feelings ? 
  it seems that switzerland has the best compromise , people get to vote on important issues and the rest is left to the politicians, 
  that 's actually a myth , but it is a cool story, 
  that is very sad really , is there some hope that the younger generation are more supportive and in time it might happen ? 
  that is really interesting , thanks for your comment !, 
  looking into the situation what confuses me is why do moldovans not support unification as much as romanians seem to ? 
  the only reasons i can see is it would worsen relations with russia and make transnistra more complicated , but overall those are minor compared to the benefits it seems to me . 
  from someone who knows very little about the area , why is he doing it ? 
  i 've been watching melodifestivalen ( their selection process ) , they could literally submit 10 acts and still have them all being above the eurovision average, 
  the world wars ? 
  yeah i kind of agree with you , it 's clear the uk wants to go a different way from the rest of europe , and i think us having a one foot in one foot out approach helps neither us nor the fully committed member states of the eu . 
   a well worthwhile price for me being able travel to any country . 
  : / the eu has got nothing to do with us being able to freely travel to other countries in europe . 
  the british passport is the best in the world for the number of different countries you can visit without a visa . 
  it is this sort of miseducation which annoys me the most about the whole eu referendum campaign . 
  i think that if you guys want ` ever closer union ' etc then you are welcome to do it , but i just do n't want the uk to be a part of that process, 
  in kent , it was quite exiting as it snowed enough to made everything look white breifly , but it soon melted . 
  we also got lots of cold and wind too , but they are n't * as * exciting, 
  here too in south east england , it only lasted an hour though, 
  those camping outside calais , although germany is there waiting for them they 'd still rather try and get to britain, 
   but maybe that 's just a portuguese perspective since we have a long history of good relations with the uk shoutout to the longest alliance between two countries still in force today, 
  i feel sorry for the egyptians , must be awful to have 70 % of your visitors potentially not coming back, 
  ca n't help but feel a little sorry for the grey ones, 
   so i 'm gon na say uk , but then again they also do n't give a fuck . 
  we care, 
  i do n't know enough about it , but one aspect of it is that it ( supposedly ) provides better protection for investors which made our economy grow a lot faster comparatively . 
  a national myth is always good fun to have though . 
   lack of overgrown bureaucracy we are n't that good for that surely ? 
  i 'm quite interested to see how other countries judge us on this, 
  i suppose it is a matter of perception , if you are living in the country then you only notice the bad parts of it . 
  we have a constitution , it just is n't codified as such in one document . 
  it is quite fascinating , my favourite is how ` works of authority ' are an integral part of it , and they boil down to different people writing what they think the constitution is with people believing them and following it . 
  common law is supposedly one of the factors which made us ( arguably ) more advanced than the rest of europe for centuries , there is a lot of scholarship around it . 
   society here is really bland . 
  what do you mean by that , out of interest, 
  what ? 
  we can comment in german ? 
  i ( rest is unintelligible ) my attempt from knowing no german, 
  i suppose ireland should promote irish as much as possible , as it kinda is the native language compared to english . 
  what do people in ireland think about the irish language ? 
  we ( have ? ), 
  an advantage , think of something something all of the romance languages , if the something read ( without ? ), 
  trouble . 
  giving my best stab at translating it , never done italian, 
  it is to be difficult to read the responses to the contrary ? 
  ( did french for 5 years , my best guess ), 
  that one party which do get seats , what is the relevance of them ? 
  can they just lie about revoking their one passport ? 
  so keep both with neither side knowing, 
  yeah no, 
  i identify as british , are you saying that i 'm ` wrong ' to do so or ... ? 
  my parents are both from south africa , but i 've lived here almost all of my life . 
  going back my heritage is a mix of english and scottish with some irish , and identifying as just one of those does n't work, 
   that do n't have a say that will have to live with the fallout their entire life . 
  sigh as someone who is in the same boat , being 17 and too young to vote , having those older than me voting to lock me into a political union that i will have no say on again for the next 40 years - * that * is what worries me . 
  agreed , we have / r/ukpolitics for it, 
  really ? 
  which war was this ? 
  i ca n't think of one that happened at the same time as the famine , and i also have no knowledge of any forced requisitioning of food or the like, 
  so are you gon na refute my points or nah ? 
  you did n't really answer my point there, 
  saying the potato famine was n't a genocide = holocaust denier sums up the strength of your argument quite well really have quoted my points here if you wan na actually say why they are wrong  they fed 3 million people through soup kitchens , something very inconsistent with a deliberative genocide . 
   when the crisis lasted for 4 years ( unprecedented ) it is unrealistic to suggest that they could just use the same methods on a larger scale . 
  there were isolated cases of that happening , but they were very much in the minority, 
  yep , as it was n't a genocide . 
  good refuting of my points there too, 
   when a country exports food when millions are starving to death it was n't the country of britain exporting food , it was individual farmers doing it of their own volition . 
  stopping the export of food was n't only impossible under the political economy of the time but it was n't adopted anywhere else in europe in other place which were successfully able to deal with famine . 
  even if the government had forcibly stopped all exports , the poor still would n't have been able to afford to buy any food , which was the root problem in the first place . 
  i 'd like to ask where things such as the feeding of 3 million by soup kitchens by the government ( unprecedented for its time ) fit into the genocide narrative ? 
   it was fucking engineered there was 4 years of successive crop failure , that was more than ever before in irish history , ca n't pin all the blame on these mysterious forces who supposedly engineered it, 
   when food shortages hit you immediately stop the export of food . 
  where was this well known ? 
  stopping the export of food was n't done anywhere in europe in this time period . 
   to alleviate poverty you create employment the government at the time ( however misguidedly ) did this with the work schemes , employing 700,000 people ( an unprecedented number ) and by extension having 2 million people dependent on them . 
   you invest in fisheries . 
  the atlantic ocean is full of fish the political climate of the time was all about laissez-faire economics . 
  although in hindsight this is a good idea , i do n't think the government investing directly large sums of money like that would have been possible .
