also , would n't the uk decrease its power on the political arena in the world in sizes if it leave the eu ? 
  no , not at all . 
  we are still a nuclear weapons state with a chair on the un security council . 
  if we left the eu we would regain our seat at the wto and we would be able to get free trade agreements with many more countries , for example china . 
  the uk is the only nation in the eu where trade with the rest of the world is higher then the trade we have with the other 27 member states of the eu, 
  so out of interest what are the advantages of the ttip ? 
  i have only really heard from one point of view so far, 
  ukip do have some support up there though , they got 10 % of the vote and an mep elected in the may elections, 
  there were two different types of colonies in the british empire - settler colonies and the ` we-own-you ' colonies . 
  the settler colonies are the ones that british people settled in , hence why we feel close to them because of the shared culture and heritage, 
  english equivalent : / r/inglin although most of the people on there are americans trying to be british : /, 
  yeah but using bots that is easy . 
  a language called volapuk ( think i missed an accent ) which was created by a bishop who had a message from god to make an international language has probably 20 speakers at most but has almost 200,000 wikipedia articles . 
  making one line articles about obscure plants and remote villages makes the wikipedia a shitty wikipedia, 
  i have to disagree with your first point , the eu did n't create peace , peace created the eu, 
  your example is bad , but i see your point, 
  it is evident how out of touch the main political parties are when they claim that the anti-eu party winning the eu elections has ` nothing to do with the eu . ', 
  it is ridiculous !, 
   borderline fascist , even ` united against fascism ' say that ukip is n't fascist ... 
  i ca n't find many sources for it but i have seen things like [ this ] ( http://www.thenewamerican.com/world-news/europe/item/18116-new-swedish-law-criminalizes-anti-immigration-internet-speech ) and [ this ] ( http://chersonandmolschky.com/2014/05/11/swedish-politician-fined-hate-speech-islam/ ) . 
  those cases are just why i was wondering about it , i did n't mean it as a sarcastic comment, 
  is it true that sweden has made it illegal to criticise immigration ? 
   honestly , i do n't give a shit about the arrogant uk anymore . 
  let them go out of the eu and let them face the consequences . 
  i bet it is really good for british industry and finance to break ties with the largest market in the world . 
  it is in the eu 's and the uk 's interest to keep good relations even if the uk leaves the eu , as we 're each others largest market for goods and services, 
  is n't it illegal in sweden to criticise immigration now ? 
  ca n't say for the other ones , but all the ukip people on that list have been suspended from the party, 
  most of the parties on that list are very small and wo n't get many votes or any mep 's . 
  ukip is the main eurosceptic force on that list and i doubt any of the other smaller ones will get any seats, 
  ukip in the united kingdom seems to be majority old people , but [ this ] ( http://www.craigwilly.info/2013/04/30/the-front-national-a-rough-guide/ ) article says  le pen 's electorate is not old . 
  only 13 % of over 60s voted for her , aging conservatives prefering the predictable race-baiter sarkozy to the unpredictable radical le pen . 
  support rises to 23 % of 35-44 year-olds and a respectable 18 % of 18-24 year-olds . 
  i ca n't find details for many other nationalist parties unfortunately ... 
  what about the wessex independent party ? 
  i believe they got 163 votes in the general uk ejection, 
  they raised the attention of the issue , like i and probably almost everyone else did n't know that this ` conference ' was going on before they stagecrashed it . 
  good on the two feminists , a conference on whether men should be allowed to beat their wives is outrageous, 
   in terms of age demographics the young voters are least likely to vote and are more likely to vote labour than conservative . 
  i 'd imagine there are quite a few people who voted lib dem in 2010 who did n't bother this year but could be persuaded by corbyn i have been trying to find statistics on this ( and it is difficult ) but from what i can see youth turnout increased from [ 52 % in 2010 to 58 % in 2015 ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/1479819/six-out-of-10-young-voters-turn-out-for-election ) so i do n't think there are a significant number of young voters who did n't vote but would vote for corbyn . 
  i 'd imagine that space would have been filled by the greens already . 
  what i meant was that even though in full context a lot of what he says is n't that bad , it does n't matter as the media will just twist it using one liners and soundbites etc - making lots of people view him only that way . 
  i did n't mean to say that things he said out of context are what i will believe , to clarify here . 
  my original comment was worded quite poorly it seems, 
  yes , 34 % is a big number , but it means nothing . 
  those non-voters are n't socialists with no one to vote for , they are people who wo n't bother to vote at all . 
  but you were suggesting that corbyn could persuade non-voters to vote for him, 
  a big disparity between lithuania , latvia and estonia, 
  i believe there were more argentinians living there than there was no votes , so even those there support staying with the uk, 
  tbh does it matter ? 
  you do n't need a whole interview for a newsbite , and even if what he * really * meant was something more sensible it does n't matter, 
   the voter turnout was about 66 % . 
  so the non-voter potential is quite high , when he is able to convince them , that he will make a difference . 
  there is no proof at all that non voters are any more left wing than the rest of the population . 
  if there is any increase in turnout it will most likely be people voting tory to keep him out . 
  and that is assuming he wo n't scare off any centrist voters , which he will . 
  i 'd also add that the majority of seats with the lowest turnouts are labour safe seats . 
  an increase in turnout would only give some labour mp 's a higher majority , and would n't win them any more seats . 
   that is positive , it means he has a spine and a clear agenda no it is highly negative , as leader let 's say he tries to enforce a whip on a controversial issue , why would any labour mp ( the majority of which do n't support him ) bother to follow it ? 
  when he was an mp he broke it 500 times , making it worthless, 
  why ? 
  i 'd also add that one of the conditions of us handing it over was that they have to respect hong kong 's democracy , which they have n't done - allowing them to have ` elections ' but only with candidates approved by beijing, 
  there are far more similarities between let 's hungary and canada or hungary and australia than there are between syria and europe, 
  but it will still be poles , romanians , bulgarians  syrians in every case, 
  america is a country completely based upon waves and waves of immigration . 
  it is a completely different situation to countries in europe . 
  also american culture is very similar to european culture , so there is n't the same culture difference as there is between syria and europe, 
  aha i know , i was just trying to see what the above poster would say . 
  it does seem like they were trying to think of a name and just decided to ` adopt ' macedonia as their new identity, 
   the same air alexander the great used to breathe !, 
  thought that would be in macedonia ... 
  i 'd say that esperanto is very euro-centric by virtue of having all of the vocabulary coming from european languages . 
  however as much as esperantists can dream about it , english wo n't be displaced, 
  did you have to learn another language or anything of the like ? 
  a bit off the point i guess , but is it really possible to do language immersion with the irish language ? 
  i know you have ` irish languages areas ' but i doubt they are widespread or provide full immersion anyway, 
  whilst i do n't support the eu , i think this would be a great idea even if it was only internally within a country . 
  lots would n't like your variation of it though , as it kind of cements english as being ` the language ' that should be spoken . 
  whilst effectively this is the reality of the situation , many do n't like to admit it, 
   we have nothing but oil and no concrete plans for the future i know that oil is your main source of income , but surely you have been able to diversify your economy in recent years ? 
  my granddad was a whaler in south africa and he worked with a lot of norwegians ( as they were poor and were whalers as it was a job ) , but your nordic neighbors were in a similar state back then and they have turned into fine countries now even without oil, 
  i would say that switzerland is a different case , sure it does n't have a common language but there is a common history and identity there, 
  for me i would only identify as european when there is talk about comparing ourselves to america , or in defence against russia as well . 
  otherwise i would just see myself as british, 
  it 's members ? 
  implying that the only people who could possibly want to leave the eu are far right , great, 
  no , you are using the argument that as they are geographically in europe any culture they have or adapt is thereby european too , when it is n't . 
  and on the whole , european culture is a part of western culture, 
  well even though geographically it may just be inside europe , i would n't consider them to be european culturally, 
  azerbaijan really is n't european , but this opening ceremony was good, 
  the uk commentator said how they used a logarithm which makes the competition seem as close as possible for as long as possible , so they deliberately tried to hide the fact that sweden won by the order the countries were in, 
  yeah it is pretty meh , lots of people have eurovision parties and stuff and quite a lot of people do watch it, 
  and the only relation we have with them that i can remember is that we bombed them in ww2 , so yeah, 
  if i remember rightly , they were n't told the country the song was from when they heard it . 
  and tbf the russian entry was pretty meh, 
  i think equating not wanting to be a part of the european union to being xenophobia is wrong . 
  there are many reasons to leave , such as wanting more control over law making and trade , wanting less regulations , wanting more democratic government etc. 
  there is also the fact that as a country we have more ties over the atlantic and with the commonwealth , and are the only eu member who has the majority of it 's trade not with the european union . 
  resentment against france and germany is n't a reason people want to leave ( at least a popular or common one ) and if we do leave everyone would prefer it to be leaving on good terms . 
  i think the idea that the uk is a xenophobic culture is unfounded , even if we did leave the eu .
