nazi, 
  your first claim was that it would be too ` hostile and antagonizing ' , but now it 's a temporal issue ? 
  the world views the u.s. largely in terms of its perceived ` disastrous ' foreign policy , and the view of germany is inextricably tied with that of nazi rule , fair or unfair respectively . 
  if my lack of sensitivity or ignorance of the rules of reddit infographics has offended you , i 'm sorry . 
  luckily it is just that - a silly reddit inforgraphic ; it 's not like we need to call for a * plebiscite * to resolve this . 
  it would n't be any more ` hostile and antagonizing ' than the depiction of a drone for the u.s. 
  if it were n't for the actions of the united states a few decades ago we would n't be having this conversation . 
  you would be a citizen of nazi germany and i , if i had even been born , would have been a citizen under the rule of a nazi protectorate - the world would have been a very different place . 
  clearly the u.s. has been influential in making sure ` the world does n't burn to the ground ' . 
  i 'll certainly take this - and the badge of arrogant , ` tragic hero ' world police - over the alternative . 
  perhaps something to do with fuel efficiency ? 
   like the few reddit users you occasionally see declaring the us to be some kind of tragic hero without which the rest of the world would burn to the ground and all of humanity would be lost . 
  surely we should have left this responsibility to germany during the middle of the 20 ^ th century . 
  your dichotomous line of reasoning fails to take in account almost every lesson from history . 
  if at any step ( rhineland , austria , sudetenland ) in hitler 's conquests leading up to wwii , the european powers were to have stepped in to enforce the treaty of versailles , we would have avoided the death of 60 million people . 
  france , and to a much larger extent england , used your same emotional pleas to appease hilter every step of the way to avoid any type of armed conflict . 
  history is [ very clear ] ( https://vimeo.com/128373915 ) ( amazing video , if you have the time please give it a watch ) that smaller-scale proxy wars and u.s.-led hegemony has given us the most peaceful time in recorded history . 
  it is a testament to globalization , capitalism , and nuclear weapons that total war - where large percentages of the population dies - is a thing of the past . 
  so luckily for us , your doctrine of total war or nothing literally can not exist as all the major powers currently have nuclear weapons . 
  any total war that would invoke the principles of your emotional diatribe would end with the annihilation of a large percentage of the world 's population ( this ridiculously misguided [ `` massive retaliation '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massive_retaliation ) - where aggression would be met with overwhelming force - was actually the official doctrine of the u.s. under eisenhower ) . 
  unfortunately for us , human nature has not changed and we still are faced with tyrannical despots and [ land grabbing nations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annexation_of_crimea_by_the_russian_federation ) who threaten the life , liberty and sovereignty of others . 
  as such , we are forced into situations where we must act with force . 
  how in the world could you make this without having the german 's line read , * final solution * ? 
  did n't mean to offend , brother ; i was being sarcastic . 
  do n't you know that what poland experienced was n't * real * communism ? 
  you would n't criticize if you understood what * real * communism is . 
  well then let the practical examples of socialism serve as a reminder that centralized power is not rendered harmless by the good intentions that created it . 
  we should rebuke all forms of dictatorship - be it the 20th century socialism variety , or a dictatorship of the proletariat which marx did advocate for . 
  you say this as if these two are not inextricably linked . 
  in the history of socialism there has not been one state that did not turn into a totalitarian dictatorship that eroded personal and economic freedom . 
  were you unable to read past that sentence , jpaolo ? 
  it 's not a loophole as it is a feature of the 2nd amendment . 
  i 'll copy/paste as i already addressed it :  regulating sales of private citizens would require a massive amount of government intrusion into the lives of gun owners mandating at the minimum full gun registration . 
  this is not politically viable , has never once been mentioned by either political party , would very likely be struck down as a violation of the 2nd amendment , and again has nothing to do with gun shows . 
  this is an argument against the 2nd amendment and has nothing to do with our gun control laws . 
  there is no law ever that will stop a non-felon from purchasing a semi-automatic rifle . 
  you are hopelessly ignorant of the realities and political landscape surrounding gun ownership and the 2nd amendment . 
  the most recent gun control law that has been bandied about was the 2013 awb . 
  this bill would have banned rifles that have cosmetic features that democrats believe look scary ( pistol grip , telescoping stock , flash suppressor , etc. ) . 
  these are features that have absolutely no bearing on the effectiveness of the rifle ( fire rate , caliber , accuracy , precision ) . 
  long rifles are used in an infinitesimally small portion of gun violence , despite the ar-15 being the most popular gun in america . 
  this bill was political anathema and would have done [ literally nothing ] ( https://www.ncjrs.gov/pdffiles1/nij/grants/204431.pdf ) to stop gun violence . 
  next , there are no such thing as `` loopholes '' . 
  buzz topics like the ` gun show loophole ' and the ` online purchase loophole ' are red herrings at best , and outright lies at worst . 
  you can not sell firearms for a profit ( at gun shows or elsewhere ) without conducting a background check . 
  you can , as a private citizen , sell your firearm to whomever you want ( unless you knowingly sell to a felon ) , but this has nothing to do with gun shows . 
  i can just as easily pick up my local classifieds , walk down the street , and purchase a firearm from a local resident , as i can going to a gun show and purchasing from a private citizen there . 
  regulating sales of private citizens would require a massive amount of government intrusion into the lives of gun owners mandating at the minimum full gun registration . 
  this is not politically viable , has never once been mentioned by either political party , would very likely be struck down as a violation of the 2nd amendment , and again has nothing to do with gun shows . 
  the ` online purchase loophole ' is an outright lie . 
  to purchase a firearm online you must have it shipped to a ffl where they will conduct a background check . 
  there is no legal way around this . 
  i can understand the argument against the 2nd amendment . 
  i can understand the logic behind repeal and confiscate . 
  i can not tolerate ignorance . 
  stop spouting off nonsense about ` gun control laws ' that you clearly know nothing about . 
  there are no laws that could have any meaningful impact on gun violence that are consonant with the current interpretation of the 2nd amendment . 
  free trade is good for everyone . 
  we all benefit from a strong eu ( including the eu most importantly ) . 
  the world economy is not zero-sum . 
  so no shit `` it 's primarily good for america and makes them a dick load of cash '' . 
  it 's primarily good for each country in the eu , it 's primarily good for those countries with western values , and it 's primarily good for the entire world . 
  the question is why should america be paying a disproportionate amount for the defense of the eu ? 
  this analogy is so fitting particularly for the reasons you mentioned . 
  during the prelude to wwii , it was often discussed what hitler * really wanted * . 
  no one ever thought his * true intentions * were to be a genocidal dictator bent on conquering the east for lebensraum . 
  if anyone - germans and westerners alike - had believed what he said and wrote , we might have been spared 60 million needless deaths . 
  we are making the same mistakes with islam . 
  the terrorists and radical leaders are explicitly telling us why they are doing this - both through their words and references to scripture - and yet we continue to deny that this is the * true reason * for their actions . 
  there is an incessant need in the west to attribute some strategic , ulterior motive to their actions . 
  it 's time we stop making this mistake , and take what they 're saying at face value . 
   while i personally am not against gmo 's in principle , for example , i respect that a decision has been reached that represents the wishes of the people . 
  this is intellectually lazy and a bastardization of the goals of democracy . 
  the `` will of the people '' can not be used to justify every democratically decided upon decision ( we need go no further than the nsdap for a failure of the process ) ; democracy is not a seer into reality that uncovers the almighty truth . 
  a disconnect between observed reality and what the voters believe is a * problem * that needs to be fixed , not respected . 
  you are being willfully obtuse and arguing against a strawman ; i never said anyone should be angry at `` current day germans '' . 
  i said it was possible the poles have a valid reason for skepticism of the country that was ultimately responsible for their ruin and desolation for the past 70 years . 
  nazi germany 's aggression irreversibly changed the fate of poland , and was the reason their people , land , and economy were raped and plundered for the second half of the 20th century , this being on top of the systematic murder of more than five million of their citizens . 
  poland is still very much feeling the effects of this , and will continue to for a very long time . 
  telling them to `` grow up and move on '' is fucking atrocious , and is , to me , akin to telling a jew the same thing about the holocaust . 
  maybe , just * maybe * the poles have a valid reason for being skeptical of germany . 
  for myself , no matter how many years have passed since previous political leaders , i could never unconditionally trust another country that killed 15 % of my compatriots . 
  hitler did nothing wrong . 
  we must stop the horrors of free trade and international economic cooperation !, 
  as an ignorant american , could you explain to me why he/the government would want to do this ? 
  whenever i hear ` luftwaffe ' my mental picture is that of the fat shit goering - the bias is real . 
   but i 'm for equality first and foremost no you are not . 
  you are for protecting your small group of people at the expense of a much larger one . 
  nothing about that is equality ; you do not get to take the moral high ground . 
  the fact of the matter is that [ the global poverty rate has halved in only 20 years ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2013/06/economist-explains-0 ) . 
  this is almost entirely due to economic growth due to the liberalization of trade and increased globalization . 
  trade with china alone has lifted 680 million people out of poverty since 1981 . 
  this has come at the expense of the working class in western countries , but i am willing to live with this in the name of equality . 
  why should n't a person in china be allowed to compete with a westerner to create goods and services ? 
  the only thing unequal here would be the construction of artificial barriers that block competition . 
  do you think this is how trade in europe should work ? 
  should there be no penalties for blatantly discriminatory laws between countries in the eu ? 
  is it beneficial for the uk to have the ability to levy a large tariff on the import of german automobiles ? 
  should this be remedied by a diplomat in germany telling the uk to cut it out or they will face a similar tariff on a comparable product , or an agreement to make sure it does n't happen in the first place ? 
  there are very few choices in this world that grant us only benefits with no negative consequences .
