pretty much . 
  the men manning the green line are conscripts mostly . 
  south east is handled with professional soldiers and spec ops . the article makes no sense . 
   it contains the orders for deportations and a number of other attacks on armenians this document is indeed on the deportations which were state sanctioned . 
  however i do not recall a document sanctioning the genocide of armenians . 
  by the way i can read arabic script . 
   furthermore , this and other documents have to be understood within the context of the same administration 's specific desire to create a `` turkey for the turks '' at a time when major rights were being systematically revoked from armenians and other armenians . 
  of course , after the partisan activities of the armenian fighters and things like battle of van as well as armenian irregular forces helping russian advance it was inevitable for such a concept to arise . 
  not to mention the balkan wars had left a bitter taste in a lot of the young turk administration . 
  http://louisville.edu/a-s/history/turks/katchaznouni.pdf ( for the details from the armenian president himself 1923 ) but none of this proves a state sanctioned genocide of the armenian populace . 
   now , of course , there are also documents that are being intentionally withheld by the turkish government today , the turkish governemnt has at many times called on the armenian government to open up their archives together . 
  these calls were rejected . 
  `` entire academic world '' yea okay mate . 
   kurdish genocides wow you sound like a scholar . 
  you have convinced me . 
  could you explain to me why you are convinced that there was a centrally given command by the than administration of the time to kill armenians ? 
  we are talking about armenia and azerbaijan mate . 
  not turkey and armenia . 
  you made it sound like azerbaijan was the only one capable of depravity these pictures show and yet its clearly not the case . 
  try to keep on topic . 
  from a muslim majority country of 10 million 1500 fought for isis . 
  1700 has joined isis from russia . 
  whats you point ? 
  only moslem countries like azerbaijan practice this isis barbarity . 
  khojaly massacre did n't happen at all right ? 
  also , you specified azerbaijan as a `` fanatical islamic countries '' learn something about it before posting this drivel . 
  the statement is absolutely comical . 
  i have seen so many faked pictures i do n't know any more . 
  there is a propaganda war going on . 
  i would n't be too keen on believing any of the shit coming from the two sides . 
  by the way i was not educated in turkey , so i was never fed the state sanctioned literature on the matter . 
  `` the armenian massacres in ottoman turkey by guenter lewy '' is one of the most impartial account of the period of have read thus far . 
  i recommend you have a look . 
  if you also have a few books in mind that i should look at feel free to say , 
  europeans who have most probably not opened up a history book about the whole matter , or even the goings on in the near east in the turn of the 20th century have the guile to tell me i am indoctrinated , or i am uneducated . 
  nothing has changed i see ... 
  well they are affiliated with the pkk . 
  the recent bombers have also all travelled to syria at some point after they joined the pkk . 
  not to mention the fact that ypg has ambition for half of turkey 's territory . 
  places that do n't even have kurds in them ( my home town being one ) . 
  not to mention their idealisation of terrorist leader apo and their subservience to the kck ( headed by pkk high command ) . 
  it does n't count if they are not biji biji freedom fighters that blow up themselves and civilian bus stops right ? 
  more like democratic expression ... am i right ? 
   with a towel on their heads , loaded words portray your true feelings on the mater and show that you yourself are not above pressurising people to conform to your ideal dress code . 
   of course making a different choice would also result in ostracization or other conflict in their immediate social group . 
  applies to any social grouping . 
  i can just as well argue that western women are indoctrinated from a young age via advertisements to dress a certain way . 
  i can also argue there is cultural coercion and expectation regarding the manner you dress . 
   there 's very reasonable arguments for banning halal slaughter that has nothing to do with religion . 
  yea . 
  all to do with value judgements regarding animal life and welfare . 
  what if i believe cultural practices are of higher value ? 
  you can `` practice '' your religion within these stringent guidelines i have here for you . 
  enjoy the freedom !, 
  why would they stop him when he 'd just be another jihadi in his host country . 
  better let him go . 
  i think this news is fake . 
  i checked for other sources . 
  there was none . 
  if i am correct investigation in to bilal was launched to collect evidence . 
  there were no criminal charges against him . 
  therefore he was never arrested . 
  which means he ca n't have been in prison . 
  this site is a well known fake news website . 
  here is an example of another fake . 
  i cri everytim, 
  turkish economy just loves to tank under isis onslaught on its tourism sector . 
  erdogan loves economic uncertainty in his country ... oh we also love to make europe more cautious about refugees . 
  why ? 
  because we would like europe to return them all so we have a nice societal under class . 
  do n't get me wrong i do n't think turkey should join europe anyway . 
  but one does not need blatant lies to launch burning criticisms of erdogan to make the very same point regarding turkey and eu . 
  wow this is sputnik level of crap ( well past rt ) . 
  you can see all the people in the comments section ( independen 's comment section ) lapping it all up . 
  also i do n't understand why nevruz is n't celebrated more fervently in turkey . 
  its seen as a kurdish thing by the turks , even though all other turkic countries celebrate it . 
  i have even heard of my family long time ago celebrating it . 
  weird ... 
  its not banned . 
  official permission for massive public celebrations ( rallies ) are cancelled . 
  this is due to fear of bombing or violence as has been seen today . 
  how does one define europe ? 
  kebab removes you xaxaxaxa, 
  good people leaving the country is all it takes for bad people to ruin it further . 
  we need people like you . 
  we need people who get grind their teeth but not yield . 
  because some day , things will be better again . 
  more people we can keep and nurture in the country , the sooner that they will be . 
  thank you for the information . 
  i think i heard of them in passing but it apparently never stuck . 
  i only remembered upon reading your reply . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  the most absurd fantasy i have ever seen on this sub reddit . 
   during which they defeated kurdish nationalists so that it is more apt to call it the turkish war of conquest . 
  no the war of independence was against greece , france and united kingdom . 
  `` kurdish nationalism '' was n't even a thing back then . 
  in no way did the armed forces of the republic engage any kurds ( not in 1920s anyway ) . 
  are you high ? 
  thats what i got from it but i was n't certain , the text at this point was quite dense for me . 
  its as if there is not plan for `` resettlement '' from turkish camps for every irregular returned to turkey apart from the token number they are willing to take in .
