  are n't they at 34 % right now in the polls ? 
  would not call that high , but maybe enough in their system to still win alone . 
  i also do n't think that `` the liberals '' only mean 20 year olds , po has a very wide spectrum of voters and are also not really `` liberal '' in the american sense . 
  ( quite interesting how you use the word liberal as a european on a european subreddit ), 
  which court ? 
  the difference between those ideologies is generally their will to compromise . 
  who do you plan to make us pay ? 
  i thought they were only got 37 % in the election , that would be far from a majority . 
  my money 's on the uk dissolving first . 
   `` because of our history it is important that germany remains open blah blahb lbah [ more cultural marxist mumbo jumbo ] '' i am german and i have never heard anyone say that . 
  usually they refer to human rights , various documents like the constitution , geneva or european agreements , or that we should help italy and greece who would otherwise drown in refugees . 
  this history thing , i only read as a strawman , mainly by americans who do n't understand us and think everything we do is somehow related to ww2 . 
   i want you to shut up about poland . 
  what exactly about poland ? 
  that we disagree with their judicial reforms ? 
  we gave them a third of our country , what more should they get ? 
  we bring in millions of 3rd worlders because of our history ? 
  what makes you think that ? 
  and what do you want us to shut up about ? 
  any examples of whitewash propaganda in germany in the last 20 years or so ? 
  what makes you believe there are any ? 
  no , i am sure i am talking about the american inventor nikola tesla . 
  of course i meant the austrian inventor nikola tesla . 
  not if we claim you first . 
  tesla and skanderbeg would come to mind . 
   how did she stop the flow ? 
  with her turkey-deal . 
  nearly all middle eastern refugees are now being stopped in turkey instead of going to greece and from there to germany . 
  she did that in march 2016 btw . 
   german chancellor angela merkel has ruled out setting an upper limit on refugees coming to germany , defying her long-term coalition partner on an issue that threatens to open up a rift between the country 's ruling political parties just two months before federal elections . 
  this plan by the csu was stupid from the beginning . 
  for one it is against the german constitution . 
  also she would lose her flexibility in handling the refugee crisis . 
  there are many things wrong with this specific limit ( including that it might cost her the election ) . 
  that does not mean that she is in favor of unlimited migration . 
  which is why she has stopped it and sending them back now . 
  this limit is also not for europe but only for germany which would mean a big `` fuck you '' to italy as they need help . 
   none of that matters anymore , germany is 22.5 % migrant background now . 
  migrant background , yeah . 
  that means 1 foreign grandfather . 
  most people who are counted as having a foreign background are polish or croatian ( so white and catholic ) . 
   i have a few german friends and european friends ( two polish , another from norway , all 3 business owners ) who have moved out of the country because what is happening there , or because they see the writing on the wall . 
  poland and norway do not even take any refugees . 
  norway is not even in the eu . 
  i do n't want to interrupt anything but i just want to mention that nationalism has a different meaning in german than in english . 
  maybe there is some confusion here . 
  in german it means that your country is superior to that of others , in english it means to maintain sovereignty . 
  how come she is disgusted by her flag once but surroundes herself with her flag at any other occasion in the last 12 years ? 
  i think you are wrong here . 
  i lived half my life under her rule and unpariotism has never been an issue . 
  how do you know if he is unarmed ? 
  germany is one of the most gun-friendly countries on earth . 
  also no one gets arrested for asking a question . 
  she did not want to show an emotion , she did not want to have pictures of them celebrating too much . 
  i would bet she hated the music too . 
  again there a millions of situations of her with flags . 
  just this one little clip does not show that she dislikes the german flag or anything . 
  ( and i defend her here as a german patriot myself ), 
  ok , to understand how this ngo situation came into existence we have to start at the beginning . 
  at the very beginning , more than 5 years ago , migrants were already trying to get into europe on self made boats . 
  those boats however often times did not make it to europe and they sank halfway which lead to thousands dying . 
  merkel was blamed back then for not helping them . 
  fishermen and yacht owners however did if they saw drowning refugees . 
  what should they have done ? 
  let them die ? 
  over time these helpful people have been replaced by human rights organisations to save the lives of drowning people . 
  those now have evolved into a coast to coast taxi service essentially . 
  stopping that would lead to the beginning , drowning migrants which would lead to horrible pictures on tv and an outcry amongst the population of europe . 
  we need to find a solution to send them back , but nobody wants to take them and they burn their passports anyway . 
  so we need to get a deal with tunisia and other countries to be able to send them back there and that is what merkel tries and already did with turkey . 
  yes that is a problem . 
  but not her fault . 
  the situation is much more complicated than `` she invited them in '' . 
  italy is being overrun and germany has to help them . 
  closing the italian border is hardly possible as they do not have one , they have a shoreline . 
  so unless you shoot them down , they will be able to get in . 
  what do you want her to do ? 
  her plan is to arrest the human traffickers and deport migrants back . 
  huh ? 
  she did n't want to celebrate early , it could have been devastating for her if she did . 
  her party is the only one in the german parliament to wear a german flag-badge on their suits , and she is famous in germany for her [ necklace ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=deutschlandkette&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewj_n9garrtvahvh1rokhtslbsuq_auicigb&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=638 ) that she wore on the 2013 election debate . 
  what she did was not hostile towards the flag , but rather the guy who wanted to wave it as she has an image of modesty to preserve . 
  how do you define leftism ? 
  refugees and nuclear energy aside , what has she ever done that could be considered left ? 
  she has blocked all middle easterners from getting in , by closing the balkan-route and is activly deporting them . 
  she tried to deport northern africans too but the social democrats blocked her . 
  the picture of her being left-wing and inviting everyone in , is quite a misconception . 
  the g36 does not melt , that was a lie by the media . 
  however it does get replaced at the moment . 
  both the french and the british use german assault rifle designs by the same company that makes the g36 . 
  do n't you have any arguments ? 
  poor performance by you . 
  september 24 this year . 
  trumpists blame her for the refugee crisis , southern europeans blame her for her austerity policy and germans , for doing barely anything at all . 
  not all of the criticism is justified and i am quite happy with her ( as a german conservative ) . 
  how on earth would she be left of sanders ? 
  she is against gay marriage , she is against the minimum wage , she is pro-military and head of the christian conservative party , daughter of a pastor . 
  let 's just ignore the refugees for a moment , what about her is left-wing ? 
  all of these things are bavarian , not german . 
  that 's like saying bagpipes are english .
