  if the problem becomes bigger , both happens . 
  public opinion , media and mainstream parties in germany changed drastically after 2 events . 
  the cologne night , and the media , for the first time , talking about seven digit numbers . 
  far-right parties are still making this harder , i have to be very careful , how i speak , to not get confused with one of these afd morons . 
  thats a problem for everyone in germany , especially politicians , companies and media . 
  if a politician in germany is seen too close to the afd , he 's politically dead . 
   there will always be morons who put their personal status as a `` good '' person above the future of the european continent . 
  those ca n't be convinced anyway . 
  oh absolutely they can . 
  i convinced others and i got convinced myself . 
   oops . 
  the party that proposed this limit was the csu , the cdu 's sister party of bavaria , also center-right . 
  i talked about joachim herrmann , being in charge of the refugee crisis if merkel wins . 
  he is the leading canidate for the csu . 
  this is also a very specific measure and not a border for europe , rather one for germany . 
  the cdu is more pro-eu than the csu . 
  this does not mean that this limit tries to dractically limit the immigration coming to europe . 
  this specific plan might also be against the german constitution . 
   it is far easier to enforce a water border than a land border . 
  it 's not a coincidence that borders usually go along a river or sea . 
  not talking about how hard it is , to stop someone from coming in . 
  but what do you do with them after that ? 
  you said we should not kill them , so we should not let them drown . 
  you said we should arrest dem and send them back and that 's the problem , if you have a shoreline instead of a land border . 
  they are coming from international territory into italy , send them back there and they drown . 
   you said yourself that it costs billions . 
  mostly food stamps i guess . 
  i would have to look into , what exactly gets how much money . 
  the refugee centers are mostly former barracks . 
   but it is a major reason . 
  well unless we have a clear evidence other than `` common sense '' for it being one , i am not convinced . 
  center-right parties rarely have much of a problem with cutting government programs in favor of tax cuts . 
  so unless this refugee industry has a better lobby , than all other industries and rich people , i strongly doubt the center-right to give much of a fuck about a few hundred jobs , that depend on more refugees . 
   we 're speaking english not german , and i was describing the common usage of the term anyway , not the dictionary definition . 
  i think this is rather an issue about the european vs us/uk definition . 
  most french people i 've seen in this subreddit , use is the same way . 
  anyway this does not matter . 
   long term it is better to vote for afd anyway . 
  they wo n't be in power , but it will scare the other parties if they get a sufficient number of votes . 
  okay , what is your realistic dream result , for the german election ? 
  how much support should the afd get ? 
  what coalition do you wish for germany ? 
  i would like the social democats to go away , but with every vote for the afd instead of cdu/csu or fdp , that is becoming more and more unlikely . 
  or even worse , they get replaced with the greens . 
   the wonders of the modern `` democratic '' political system : you have to use nazis as a boogeyman to force mainstream politicians into politicala positions that are already held by the majority of the population i agree that politicians should always be in fear about being replaced . 
  i would not collaborate with nazis , to achieve that though . 
  you 're playing with fire . 
  there are plenty of more anti migrant voices inside the center-right parties , merkel could be replaced with spahn or kl\u00f6ckner or anyone from the csu . 
  de maiz\u00e9re will be replaced by herrman , no afd needed . 
   with a proper democracy with referenda the problem would have been solved a long time ago , without any need for nazis . 
  not a big fan of referenda , you get things like brexit instead of a european border ( i assume you are in favor of brexit , so let 's not start a new topic here ) . 
   better than our situation where we sit in a pot of water that is slowly being brought to a boil . 
  so what you 're saying is , more support for far-right parties is going to be more efficient , to solve the problem and therefore outweighs the positives . 
  i do not think so , the more this issue becomes an issue that gets associated with the far right , the more unlikely will it be , for moderates , to consider being against mass immigration at all . 
  far-right racists give me a hard time , to try to convince a center-left voter to adopt my opinion because they do n't want to be in the same team as the obvious evil person . 
  being on the same side as trump or le pen , is not very attractive even if they were right about one topic . 
   it is better than nothing but it makes our border security dependent on the whims of a foreign despot and gives him tremendous leverage over us . 
  the centre-right is not in favor of border security . 
  border security is where you put a guy on the border who physically stops people from crossing . 
  center-right is in favor of border security . 
  we have walls and enforced borders between bulgaria/greece and turky . 
  between spain and morocco . 
  the problem is , the migrants do not cross a border , they cross a shoreline . 
  enforcing borders here would mean to shoot them or let them drown . 
  you said we do not need to kill them , only detain them and bring them back . 
  thats called deportations , we are trying that but ca n't do that because of the social democrats in germany . 
   i said it is a distraction . 
  deportations do n't even make a dent in the problem . 
  the elephant in the room is border security . 
   orphanages in morocco lol . 
  a way to funnel taxpayer money abroad that will accomplished precisely what has been accomplished so far : nothing . 
  no you said we should not do it . 
   so let 's analyse it from the perspective of the people in the asylum industry . 
  if the refugee stream stops these people lose their jobs and companies lose their income stream . 
  people do n't like to lose their jobs and companies do n't like to lose their income stream . 
  i do not think , that there is much of an industry , as most of them are volunteer social workers that could be used for the elderly care without any problem . 
  i also do not think , that they have much of a lobby , which could beat any other lobby , that wants the money more then them . 
  to think , this is one of the main reasons that we take them in , is delusional . 
   no , what defines populism is that it is an idea that is popular but not well liked by the elites . 
  nope , maybe this is a problem of translation , as the english articel gives me a different definition as the german . 
  but at least in german , the word `` populismus '' is defined as using fallacies instead of logic . 
  mainly ad hominem , ad populum and appeal to common sense . 
  the goal is , to use those tactics , to moralise and polarise to establish a political position , that gives you votes . 
   vote for a party that is in favor of actual borders , or for a party that lights the hottest fire under the asses of the mainstream politicians . 
  okay this is a bit more complicated . 
  in germany what you decribe would be the afd . 
  a new , populist , far-rightwing party , anti-eu and anti-immigration . 
  the problem with voting for them is , the more votes they get the more likely merkel will lose the election . 
  in germany , there are two choices of who can realisticly become chancellor , merkel ( center-right ) and schulz ( center-left ) . 
  they themselves will never become part of any coalition , as they are ( not just to use buzzwords , but actually ) nazis . 
   i am . 
  the centre left or centre right makes no meaningful difference . 
  well , thats not a healthy mindset to have about politics in general . 
  if the diffrences between left and right were larger , we would end up in a situation like america , where half of the country hates the other one . 
   neither is in favor of borders . 
  how the fuck borders became a controversial far right idea in the 21st century i do not know . 
  center-right is in favor of stopping/slowing down immigration . 
  you might dislike the turkey deal , but it does establish a border against immigration . 
  or at the very least it shows intention to do so . 
  it closed some , even if not all of the taps in the house .
