  a policeman before he got in ? 
  they are not impossible to obtain ? 
  [ germany is one of the most gun-friendly countries on earth . 
  ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/number-of-guns-per-capita1.jpg ), 
  no , that 's why he killed the bouncer ? 
  so if i owned a nightclub i should let people in with guns ? 
  do you think that would be a good idea ? 
  how would that be good for my business ? 
  but guns are not banned in germany , only full automatic rifles which even in america no one carries around to go to a nightclub . 
  you are allowed to enter nightclubs with guns ? 
  where everyone gets drunk ? 
  hunters and sport shooters do . 
  there is barely any crime related to those , all large mass shootings in germany have been committed with guns that were illegal anyway and were of foreign origin . 
  i also think i should be allowed to keep a gun around , in case i want to act upon article 20 ( 4 ) gg . 
  oh sorry , i did n't know that you were talking about finland . 
  i meant germany with what i said and we have no legal fully automatic guns here . 
  but full automatic guns are illegal already . 
  he talks about hunting rifles and sport guns . 
  who told you that ? 
  thats just a strawman thrown around by right wing populists to make the center look like leftists . 
  i thought so too , but there was actually an analysis of every single block that was placed and it was indeed us . 
  we are sorry though ( again ) . 
  in the heart of holy see , in the home of christianity , the seat of power is in danger . 
  the point is clear to germans . 
  it 's german comedy for german people , why should they care about what americans on the internet think about it ? 
  i believe `` foreigner '' means a foreign ancestor within the last 2 generations for german statistics . 
  so , many of those counted as foreign are already absolutely german , as that just means that they may have one polish grandmother on one side and one french grandfather on the other . 
  this is quite normal for europe in general even more so for the smaller countries . 
  so the german situation may be not as bad as you think and this graph only shows that the amish have a ridiculous amount of children . 
  29/30 top 30 baby names of last year were german/western by the way . 
  can you give me a link to that number on wikipedia ? 
  than thats a critical thing to leave out of such a graph do n't you think ? 
  most of these people counted as foreign are polish and croatian , at least in my hometown , and you can barely differentiate them from native germans anyway , not even by their name . 
  the amish will have three generations with 7 children each within 60 years ? 
  i mean in your calculation . 
  there will be interracial children born and my question is , if they will be counted as native german or foreign by your definition ? 
  at what point does one become a native german however ? 
  am i a native german if one of my parents is foreign ? 
  or one of my grandparents ? 
  or one of my great-grandparents ? 
  do we apply nuremberg laws here ? 
  malzbier surely is . 
  she has raised two children fyi . 
   i 'm just criticizing people who put their nation first just because . 
  i pay taxes in my country and want my country to spend a majority of my taxes on me/my country rather than foreign development . 
  would you like that to change ? 
   just like your newly elected president . 
  sure your replying to the right guy here ? 
  i am german , but i am patriotic however , is that wrong ? 
  i think it is fine to be proud of germany when we win the world cup or something . 
  as long as we do n't become truly chauvinistic about it , one can be proud of his family , local community , city , state , country , or continent . 
  that does not mean , that i do n't care about people in other parts of the world , but my city mayor has to take care of my city first , no ? 
  she did that or tried it from the beginning . 
  since march 2016 we have turkey taking them instead . 
  all refugees/migrants at the moment are african and the social democrats have blocked her from deporting them back to northern africa as well . 
  where do you get your information ? 
  she 's a christian conservative daughter of a pastor ; she is against gay marriage . 
  she is about the last person one could call lefist . 
  oh come on . 
  if that were the case , why did she stop the massive flow of refugees from the me ? 
  she gets a lot hot heat for her turkey deal . 
  and no , it would not have been done by now , the social democrats , greens and leftists blocked everything they could . 
  every single law she has passed has been anti-refugee . 
  she does not rule alone , you know ? 
  left-wingers have a majority in germany . 
   for one , she could have welcomed hungary 's fence rather than criticize it . 
  she build her own with turkey , she just wanted to protect greece as well and not just herself . 
   secondly she could have sent the message that the immigrants future is not in the eu and backed it up with tighter immigration policies . 
  have you heard about asylpaket i & ii ? 
   we did that and had significantly fewer refugees because of it . 
  merkel has closed the balkan-route  she could also have worked with italy for a solution that sends the ships back to libya . 
  she tried , the spd blocked it . 
   she could work for changes in the human rights conventions that make it less possible to abuse them . 
  for instance , by saying people have no right to seek asylum if they 're already leaving a safe country . 
  she tried to declare maghreb states as `` countries of save origin '' so that we could deport people from there . 
  the spd , greens and left blocked it . 
   there 's a lot of things she could do instead of making us erdogan 's bitch and forcing other countries to take in people that we unfortunately know will lead to significant social problems . 
  there is not a lot that she could have done , that would have protected all of the eu and not just germany . 
  she also does not have a majority in the german parliament , so she has to compromise . 
  should she have said `` no we ca n't deal with this , so let 's all run around in circles screming '' ? 
  it is her job to calm the people down , that was her attempt , did not work out so great apparently . 
  not a single extra refugee was accepted , because she said that sentence . 
  it 's more like going to mcdonalds because it is the only thing available and you 're starving . 
  what exactly should she have done ? 
  ignore italy and tell them it is their fault , that they 're in a bad geographical position ? 
  not seeing any downvotes , but it 's surely nice to pretend that you 're speaking the suppressed uncomfortable truth . 
  so much gets interpreted into this one sentence , now it means asking for genital mutilations . 
  i 'm quite happy to have a chancellor , who makes so few blunders , that `` we can do this '' is seen as a scandal . 
  how are we inviting anyone ? 
  we only take them in , because otherwise italy and greece would be overrun . 
  we are actively sending them back to afghanistan , why would we to that , if we wanted to invite them ? 
  how did merkel isolate trump at the g20 ? 
  i saw her and macron nearly the entire time talking to and taking care of him . 
   while macron already changed his on the eu , immigration , and welfare state . 
  sources for all three please . 
   trump has changed none of his views did n't he change his view about france/germany being muslim shitholes , at the press conference ? 
  he seemed almost sorry and humble . 
   not true . 
  in all countries with a rising far right the mainstream parties have shifted to the right . 
  coincidence vs correlation .
