nah , he 's not going to prison for that . 
  maybe a small fine or some stern words . 
  you think we need american movies to hate nazis with a passion ? 
   there are options that align with my political beliefs much more closely . 
  huh , so there is a lesser evil ? 
   no it is n't . 
  the fdp will support anything to stay in power . 
  right , so they will do something different than the spd , who blocked deportations to africa among other things . 
   merkels says plenty of things during election campaign . 
  why should she say something unpopular to the left , if she did n't mean it ? 
  if she wanted to lie , would n't it be the other way around ? 
  i thought that was the theory , that she only acts left-wing because she wants to get elected again ? 
   the only party that has been consistent when it comes to immigration and foreign policy is the afd . 
  that 's the case for all parties who never were in power or had to make compromises . 
  ( consistent is also not the word to describe a party that split up nearly every year in their 4 year existence )  as much as a vote for cdu , fdp or spd cdu and fdp voters want to have less immigrants , spd and green voters want to be nice to people who have less . 
  why should they act against their voters will ? 
  they do n't gain anything from it ; quite the opposite actually , or do you think anyone bribed them ? 
   a strong turn-out for the afd will at least stir up the system . 
  is there a better calculated plan than just that ? 
  what exactly do you expect to change ? 
  the only thing they did so far is to make everyone look like a nazi who is against immigration , so we all have to pretend muslims are awesome , to not look like an afd voter , great . 
   face it , the cdufdpspdgr\u00dcne are the modern block party . 
  they only differ in nuances . 
  on which subjects ? 
  there are plenty of differences , what do you want ? 
  the spd to be communist and the cdu to be more fascist , the fdp to become libertarian and the greens to only exist out of blue haired feminists ? 
  i am quite happy that they have some common ground.in the us the left and the right live in completely different worlds , with one side wanting the exact opposite of what the other wants on every single subject . 
  that is dividing and unhealthy for a democracy . 
  they had a strong voice in the beginning and lucke did a poor job distancing himself from them . 
  should the media not have reported about h\u00f6cke when he became the party leader of thuringia early on ? 
  i agree with you , that the left went to far , demonizing many of the voices on the right . 
  most people at pegida and other `` concerned citizens '' were normal people , but the afd had a rotten half even in 2013 . 
  those were not some voices somewhere in the back ; they had the main stage , especially after the greece-crisis was over . 
  the media and the left had to call them out , just like the media has to call out die linke for all the maduro and castro apologists inside their party . 
  this of course led to further radicalization , no doubt . 
  poggenburg , h\u00f6cke , gedeon and von storch joined the party in the year it was founded or were founders themselves . 
  h\u00f6cke was elected into a high office in 2014 , a year later . 
  those people had a voice right from the start , even under lucke . 
  so the left called them out , that should be expected . 
  voting for the lesser evil is the mature thing to do in any democracy . 
  just change for the sake of change is childish . 
  why not vote for the greens in that case , letting in all of them ? 
  would be a change . 
  but black-yellow is a change and not the status quo . 
  merkel just announced that she wants to keep them all in camps in libya , until their refugee status is clear and only wants to take in 40.000 per year for all of europe , the csu wants even fewer . 
  i am sure , the fdp would agree with that , the greens or spd not so much . 
  it would be another step towards a closed border , even if it is not enough yet . 
  if you want fewer migrants in germany , then a vote for the afd will do as much as a vote for the greens . 
  yes , every party has bad apples . 
  if the cdu would appoint nazis into the highest offices , i could not vote for them , if the spd did the same with communists , they would also be unvoteable for me . 
  it is not about whether or not they exist , only how far they get in those parties if i vote for them . 
  i do n't see any ancaps being put into high offices by the fdp , and they are a small party . 
  if the afd would get 51 % this election , i am sure someone like poggenburg would make into a minister position . 
  i did n't mean that he should be put into jail , i meant that someone like that should be forced to resign by their party and the voters . 
  if merkel said tomorrow that she 's not sure if the holocaust happened , she 'd be gone in a heartbeat . 
  that 's what i expect from a party that wants me to vote for them . 
  anyway , as i assume that you are a afd voter mostly because of the refugee crisis , let me tell you that your vote only does one thing ; preventing a black-yellow coalition which would be the most realistic option for stricter immigration law . 
  if you vote afd you vote for another grand coalition or jamaica , giving the spd or greens the ability to block merkel 's plans for deportations . 
  way to rationalize all the nazis in that party . 
  they have been elected to that position , both h\u00f6cke and poggenburg with everyone knowing who they are . 
  if the party had a problem with exstrimits , they would have got the majority to kick out gedoen in a rather moderate state like baden-w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  yes , the greens have both , a christian-realo wing and a progressive wing , if i had a problem with one of those , i would not vote for them , which is why i do n't . 
  you 've claimed that the afd now has the same tendencies the cdu had when they were conservative . 
  now you 're telling me that a big party does not have those tendencies because they can get rid of them , what is it now . 
  maybe they would not kill them , but destroying holocaust-monuments is bad enough . 
  already saying those things and getting away with it is bad enough . 
  i do n't care what `` people '' have said , i did n't , i only thought that he is incompetent , and it turned out , he is . 
  also i do n't see what the problem with deportations is , why would i have a problem with that . 
  i have a problem with nazis , and there plenty in leadership positions in the afd . 
  weirdos ? 
  we are talking about h\u00f6cke and poggenburg who are the party leaders of thuringia and saxony-anhalt . 
  gedeon had support in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg and they were unable to kick him out . 
  that would never happen in the cdu , not now , not 50 years ago . 
  those are populists , they write down on paper whatever you want to hear . 
  the people behind that are very far right by now , no wonder they 've kicked out petry and lucke . 
  you wanted state subsidised investions , thats economicly left-wing and exactly what the spd wants . 
  where do you get the money from , if not higher taxes . 
  well , i am okay with most of her policy ( so i assume i am more to the right economically compared to you ) , and staying quiet at least is good for the stability of her administration and germany . 
  she will talk soon enough , the tv-debates are soon but we already know what she stands for ; we 've had it for 12 years now . 
  she made the turkey deal ( which has its downsides , i know ) which helped greece and closed europe 's border to the east . 
  and we help italy by taking in massive amounts of refugees , more than any other country and she tried to deport them back to africa . 
  proposing conservative policy on immigration is hard if 3 left-wing parties have more than 50 % of seats in parliament . 
   the fact that she ignores every important topic germany is facing before the election ? 
  and the fact that she will remain silent about those problems even after being reelected . 
  she will do nothing about the pensions which are too little and will make millions live in poverty . 
  the only thing she cares about , is the well being of a few corporations . 
  investing in infrastructure ? 
  education ? 
  science ? 
  not with her . 
  ah okay , you 're left-wing , well then merkel is not for you , indeed . 
   and then those constant calls for an eu-army while not spending a penny on the bundeswehr . 
  she campaigns on the 2 % goal while the spd is against it . 
   and about the refugees , yes closing the border for economic migrants is n't impossible at all . 
  right , she closed it to the middle east . 
  she wanted to do the same for africa , but the left parties blocked her from everything she tried . 
  i 've never heard a bad word about jews from the cdu , since hohmann ( who is now a member of the afd ) , or that the free press should be dissolved , or nazi slogans like `` deutschland den deutschen '' , or that we should use refugees instead of mice in laboratories , or an political ideology based on `` the protocols of the elders of zion '' like wolfgang gedeon has , claiming the muslims is the enemy from the outside , the jews the one from the inside . 
  i 've also never heard skinhead musics at one of their gatherings . 
  or cute nicknames for goebbels while talking about border expansion . 
  what else do they have to do ?
