   discussing deportations accomplishes nothing except diverting the debate away from the real issue . 
  you said , we should not do it . 
  now you 're saying we should not talk about it . 
  you 're simply wrong , we can and have to work at all of those issues at the same time . 
   step 3 : call everyone who is in favor of closing the taps racist . 
  did i call you a racist ? 
  i am center-right . 
   no , this is one of the contributing factors . 
  an irrelevant small one . 
  we have more jobs than jobless people , it is not like we could not employ them otherwise . 
  elderly care is severely underfunded , all social workers could go there . 
   though common sense is often branded as a conspiracy these days appeal to common sense is actually the main fallacy that defines populism . 
   they will start to care once people start to vote far right en masse , and not before . 
  this makes it likely that the far right will rule europe at some point . 
  sadly . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the political opinion in germany has changes dramaticly and we already see what happend in the uk and us , thats warning enough , we do n't need them to do it everywhere . 
  but let me ask you this : who should i vote for , if i gave you my vote ? 
   let 's talk when they cancel the free ferry service by the ngos . 
  they have n't even accomplished that in 3 years . 
  who are `` they '' ? 
  that sounds like you 're throwing all politicians in one basket . 
  center-right conservatives do n't rule alone . 
  they ca n't do what ever they want . 
   orphanages in morocco lol . 
  a way to funnel taxpayer money abroad that will accomplished precisely what has been accomplished so far : nothing . 
  otherwise we have no legal way to send back minors and `` minors '' . 
  it would be against the german constitution . 
  what is your solution for the thousands of `` minors '' in germany/europe ? 
   after last time 's arrivals we now have a whole industry of companies providing housing , armies of social workers , middle managers , etcetera . 
  they all want to hold on to their jobs and money and there is only one way to accomplish that : keep the flow coming . 
  now that 's just a conspiracy theory . 
  you believe we only let them in to keep up jobs ? 
  this costs us billions and the position of every politician is at risk , if they do n't deal with this . 
  nearly all of those working in germany are volunteers anyway . 
  i am not saying that the goal is achieved , but you made the claim that center-right parties are only posturing and that is a wrong statement . 
  if they could , they would have done much more , but the social democrats were blocking them . 
  one merkel minister already proposed to build orphanages in morocco so that all `` children '' can be legaly deported there . 
  stopping smugglers would be a way of external border protection and if we manage to send those back that come , they might stop trying to come over , once the message has spread . 
   you can donate gametes to women , and i would not be surprised if surrogacy laws would be softened some places the next decade ( for better or worse ) . 
  to women , yes . 
  i was only talking about gay men . 
  and with current surrugacy laws , gay men can not create new life . 
   regarding the main idea - i do n't think it 's fair to say that marriages are mainly about tax breaks . 
  you can marry without tax breaks . 
  no one is stopping anyone from putting a ring on another persons finger , regardless of gender . 
  most other benefits can also be done without government intervention . 
   also then why not simply give the tax breaks to people with children - no matter their marital status or the gender of their spouse ? 
  i want to create new life , not help it , when it is already there ( of course that can and should also be done ) . 
  for that , stable relationships between people who can creat new life should be promoted . 
  the goverment can try to do that with tax breaks . 
   the `` singles , polygamists and incest couples '' part of your comment - you 're missing the point . 
  do i ? 
  why do you want to disciminate those groups of people ? 
   i think it 's important not only to produce live babies , but to eventually turn those into well-functioning adults . 
  sure , i am all for adoption for gay people , you can even give them money once they have children , but they do not need to be promoted as much , as they serve less of a function , as they can not produce new life . 
  i only want to point out , that conservative people and family values are not evil , i do n't want to convince you that gay marriage is bad . 
  i am fine with both . 
  center-right parties already did a lot . 
  germany is filling planes with refugees , to send them back to afghanistan and they wanted to do the same with northern africans , but got blocked by the social democrats . 
  merkel made the turkey deal , which is not perfect , but it has more or less closed the balkan route . 
  under merkel , asylpaket i & ii got passed , making it easy to send back ill people and taking in fewer family members and many other things . 
  if merkel wins the next election , joachim herrmann would be in charge of the refugees , and he is clearly rightwing . 
  sure , cultures change over time , but even neighbouring small towns always have things that make them stand out . 
  wales will not have less of a soul , just because they speak english and pay with the pound . 
  by `` nation '' you mean european nations not us states , right ? 
  if yes , then you 're changing the subject . 
  are texas and new york soulless ? 
  are bavaria , hesse , saxony and bremen soulless ? 
  are england wales scotland ? 
  are provence , brittany and alsace-lorraine ? 
  do you honestly think italy would lose all of its characteristics just because they have the same labor laws as belgium ? 
  the us are ( nearly ) an entire continent under one flag , do you think there is no difference between texas and new york ? 
  wait , i thought we were talking about european intergation , not the refugee crisis ? 
  and we do n't import them to fix an ageing population , we take them in because otherwise they would all pile up in greece and italy . 
  what exactly would germany lose in a union with finland , ireland and france ? 
  culture changes over time , i am prussian which you eradicated . 
  but prussian culture will always leave a mark on germany . 
  i do n't expect germany to speak exactly the same language in 1000 years that is speaks now and that is fine , it has always been that way . 
  not just some , the largest parties in germany , france , uk and poland want that . 
  the amount of people saying yes in your poll is the same as the amount of people wanting to vote to a party right of the center in germany . 
  i also have a problem will the way that poll is set up . 
  they were given only three choices , so many people may have ignored the `` all '' part of the question , to make clear , that they are unhappy with the way it is now . 
  i would say that will exists also among politicians . 
  merkel is saying for years now that we need to stop smugglers and that we should be able , to send people back to northern africa . 
  she just did not get enough votes to do that , forcing her into a coalition with the social democrats . 
  the will to shoot down people or the will to use diplomatic pressure ? 
  so we should use the military without reasonable political will ? 
  germany used to be made up of hundreds of states with different cultures . 
  that was hundreds of years ago and you can still see a different culture in bavaria compared to lower-saxony . 
  you think denmark would lose its culture , character and way of life in a union with portugal ? 
   argumentum ad passiones how does that fit here ? 
  i have no problem with people being in a relationship with thier siblings , but why should the government sponsor it ? 
  i think of all the things i listed , incest is the most likely to produce offspring and thus shuld be the most likely to get tax benefits . 
   if a person is gay , you wo n't be able to force them fixing the demographics problems . 
  i do n't want to force anyone to do anything , i tried to explain why being against gay marriage is not homophobic . 
  the question should be asked the other way around . 
  how does it increase the birthrate if you give gay people tax breaks ? 
  why not singles or polygamists of incest couples ? 
  adoption does not increase the amount of children there are and you ca n't donate gametes to men either .
