  there have been literally 0 deaths through legally bought semi automatic rifles in the last years in germany . 
  that does not come anywhere close to the risk of a nuclear bomb . 
   according to your logic , they are only as dangerous as a flight of stairs . 
   no one denies , that guns are more effective in killing people . 
  do you want to have a debate or just insult my logic ? 
  full automatic rifles are banned in germany . 
  semi automatic rifles are used by hunters . 
  also hunters use handguns to execute trapped animals or protect themselves from wild boars . 
  reasons i see to own a weapon are : hunting ( necessity ) , sport ( germany won the most gold medals at the last olympics in shooting ) , practicing as a policeman or reservist , preservation of culture ( as it is important to many people ) and maybe most important article 20 ( 4 ) gg . 
  no one denies , that guns are more effective in killing people . 
  it was a matter of principle , that you could use any tool to kill people , some more efficient than other . 
  i disagree however , that it is the purpose of a hunting or sporting rifle , to kill people with them . 
  it is also not true that all guns propel a projectile to a deadly speed , guns exist von < 0.5 joule to up to 20,000 . 
  sure we should regulate them , but we should not prevent everyone from getting access to guns . 
  there have been 0 people , that have been killed with a legally bought semi automatic rifle in the last years in germany , so why make them illegal ? 
  we both agree that kitchen knives should be legal because they serve a purpose , we both agree that heavy artillery should be illegal because it does not serve a purpose . 
  so the question is , whether the purpose is to be weighted higher than the risk . 
  and what about kitchen knives ? 
  or baseball bats ? 
  or a large enough rock ? 
  or my fists ? 
  both are tools , which can end up deadly , if someone uses it to kill someone else . 
  i can shoot you with my hunting rifle ; i could push you down the stairs . 
  for that you that the police . 
  during the robbery itself it is afaik safer , to just give them the money , instead of drawing a gun and forcing one of you to shoot first , which might kill you . 
  so even if i had a gun and someone robbed me i would not fight , unless he wants to kill me anyway . 
  about personal rights , it is of cause the age old question ; what is more important , safety or freedom . 
  but let 's just agree on that we both think our countries gun laws are to tough . 
   do n't pretend you and anyone else would n't trample all over me if it meant a better life for them . 
  just do n't . 
  well that depends on how much it would hurt you and how much i would gain . 
  i would gladly resist a lot of money , if that meant that you would n't die . 
  that 's what i pay taxes for ( if we lived in the same country ) . 
   i do not only care about my own life , i am willing to sacrifice for the overall wellbeing of all people around me . 
  i do however want to defend , not only myself but also others . 
   with what ? 
  a swiss army knife ? 
  i meant , that i am willing to sacrifice my own desire to take care of things my own , if that meant that others would survive . 
  i listed a few examples about why i think people would die if i ( and others ) had guns everywhere . 
   the question is not who keeps us safe . 
  but only because thats not even a question for me . 
  it 's obvious , i am responsible for myself . 
  but how will you protect yourself from enemy armies ? 
  you do n't have the power to do everything alone . 
   thats good . 
  thats because you probably live in a country with no gun culture . 
  which i think is what scares people . 
  hell , it even worries me . 
  i do believe there is a difference between self protection and a total gun culture . 
  gun culture is very bad and it 's what has turned the usa in to an un-self aware parody of freedom . 
  a gun should be like your wages . 
  everyone knows you have it but you do n't talk about it . 
  it 's no ones business . 
  it 's simply a means of protection . 
  as i said , i am pro-gun and i am actually interested in buying one . 
  i do however have to correct myself ; my life was in danger last year , when i needed a surgery . 
  i gave up the responsibility to protect my life and instead i let someone else , a professional , handle it . 
  i think the same system can be applied everywhere . 
   maybe not having guns in a place full of drunk people is sensible . 
  i will concede that . 
  but there must be someone protecting that building that is n't drunk that is armed . 
  there was a police officer nearby . 
  i think our positions are not too different after all . 
  from some other posts from you i came to the conclusion that you mostly ( only ? ), 
  care about yourself and maybe your family , all others are on their own . 
  am i correct ? 
  if yes , then i agree we come from two absolutely different positions . 
  i do not only care about my own life , i am willing to sacrifice for the overall wellbeing of all people around me . 
  i do however want to defend , not only myself but also others . 
   and to pass responsibility for my wellbeing and safety on to someone else is just something that my mind ca n't comprehend . 
  you do that by having a military . 
  you alone can not keep the russians or whomever away . 
  you need your government , allies and in general other people to keep you safe . 
  the question is not who keeps you safe but rather what system is the safest . 
   maybe you should admit you do n't understand my position . 
  you do n't feel like your wellbeing is your responsibility . 
  you 've been looked after by authority your whole life and '' self-defence '' is just something you see on ju jitsu videos on youtube , not an actual thing you are responsible for and could save your life . 
  my life has never been in danger and i never think about my safety very often . 
  i am however absolutely pro-gun , i just do n't think that a crowded nightclub just like an airplane is the best place to have weapons in general . 
  maybe i 'm just stupid , but i am not quite sure what you are trying to tell me . 
  so the weak die , because we have no guns ? 
  what about the points i just made ? 
  you have your crossbow with you outside ? 
  and in a nightclub ? 
  so we should all walk around armed 24/7 , even at nightclubs ? 
  do n't you think that this would lead to even more people ending up dead ? 
  because everytime two people get into a fight or an argument , one or two of them will have a gun and might get enraged enough , to use it . 
  also the police would shoot you more likely if you move quickly in your car , like in america . 
  also you seem very emotional , everything alright ? 
  well , the munich shooter was half iranian and far right . 
  not that i think , that this crime has anything to do with the far right scene . 
  such as knives ? 
  and thousands have been killed unrelated to terrorism . 
  with `` everybody '' he clearly means people who have read the information about what happened here . 
  this was a crime within a family and nightclub owners are known to have relations to gangs . 
  so that might have something to do with how he got a m16 , rather than isis smuggling it for him . 
  he killed the attacker and prevented him from getting in ? 
  we now know , that it was most likely a family related crime . 
  do n't be too fast with your judgement . 
  there was .
