  how ? 
  she has opposed any minimum wage for example . 
  as well as most other left proposals . 
  she is a free market capitalist . 
  i know all of that , i never claimed that she gave birth to them . 
  she has blocked all middle easterners from coming in and she is actively sending them back , against the resistance of the social democrats . 
  she has raised two children fyi . 
  she is also conservative , not a socialist . 
  she did that on an election evening as the first results came in . 
  she did want to celebrate to early . 
  at every other occasion she wears the german flag proudly . 
  she is deporting them and she blocked the balkan route . 
  how does that point towards what you are saying ? 
  huh ? 
  her christian conservative party wants to ban burqas . 
  what are you talking about . 
  like chancellor helmut schmidt once said : who has a vision should see a physician . 
  i never understood how people can blame merkel for the refugees . 
  she is the one that closed the balkan route and tries to send people back to africa against the resistence of the social democrats . 
  leftwingers have the majority in germany , not her christian conservatives . 
  she did that because her party thinks it is against the constitution . 
  also it does not serve the purpose of government supported marriage , which is creating children . 
  oh cool , now she is a muslim loving libtard and a muslim hardcore conservative at the same time . 
  amazing . 
  i thought this argument was different , as stairs have an actual purpose for society . 
  sport however is just for fun , just like sport shooting , which you seemed to be against because of that . 
  also luckily we have a constitution which has blocked anti-gun laws often enough that i can be sure that i will be able to buy guns in the future even if you had the majority . 
   but i agree that alcohol is too easy to come by in germany and people that have serious problems controlling themselves while drunk should be forced to undergo therapy or something like that . 
  just like anyone who has ever committed any crime related to guns ( even walking around in public with an airsoft is enough ) is banned from ever getting access to any sort of gun ever again . 
  but people who never did anything wrong should be able to buy both , alcohol and hunting rifles . 
   i do n't recall hearing anyone running amok with bow and arrow or a florette no amok run in germany this century was committed with a legally owned gun , that could be owned under current laws . 
   so since the death toll of those hobbies is literally 0 , i am fine with them . 
  people have died performing all sorts of sport , even football or ( legal ) car racing . 
  should we ban everything that people do for fun if it has the slightest chance of harming someone ? 
  if there were people dying on every single marathon , i would agree that those might need to be banned . 
  but as long as that happens very rarely i think everyone should do what they want to do . 
   there is also one important difference to alcohol : the damage of alcohol is self-inflicted , while guns make other people suffer . 
  as i said :  even if we just think about other people dying that have nothing to do with alcohol ( because they get beaten to death by a drunk man or die in a car accident of a drunk driver ) we might have a much higher number than those who died through guns . 
  would you have the same problem with bows and arrows or sword fighting/fencing ? 
  is that not a culture worthy of preservation ? 
  i think as long as barely anyone is harmed by it , it is okay to let people have it as a hobby , just like with guns . 
   i was more thinking of death through immediate food poisoning and not from long time consequences . 
  even if we just think about other people dying that have nothing to do with alcohol ( because they get beaten to death by a drunk man or die in a car accident of a drunk driver ) we might have a much higher number than those who died through guns . 
  still we do n't ban alcohol to protect a certain freedom as well as culture . 
   since i do n't considere the right to gunownership worthy of any protection , no . 
  again , what about the hunters and reservists ? 
  there are hundreds of thousands of them . 
  also you seem not to be interested in this preservation of culture and sport , well apparently we do n't have the same culture . 
  edit :  sorry , but i hardly think the source you posted is neutral . 
  seems highly biased to me , as is to be expected considering the organization behind that site . 
  yes of course it is biased . 
  but it links to sources and gives you arguments just like i do ( i am biased and so are you ) . 
  those 27 murders could have all been committed by hunters ? 
  is there any number low enough to say that gun rights are fine now other than 0 ? 
  one soft drink might be banned . 
  now try to ban all alcoholic drinks because of the amount of people dying related to alcohol . 
  if you are intereded in the topic you can read some facts regarding guns [ here ] ( https://german-rifle-association.de/fakten/ ) . 
  i know that it is hard to know , wheather a specific gun was used , but with only 54 murders , non of which commited with a caliber that is used by ( in my example sags ) those guns , i can safely assume that no one was killed with them . 
  so banning them is irrational . 
  27 homicides with registered guns does not seem like a lot to me . 
  i do think , that i should be allowed to do what i enjoy , unless you can prove that it poses an unproportional threat to other people . 
  and with millions of guns in germany , i do n't think that is the case . 
  also , you should differentiate and not support all strict gun laws , even if you do n't like guns . 
  the new eu law for example meant to only ( partly ) ban semi automatic rifles which , again , never killed anyone in germany since at least 1999 . 
  afaik those are mostly suicides . 
  if i have a gun and want to kill myself , it would be my first choice , if i do n't , i would find another way . 
  you should be more scared of a heart attack than a car accident , so eat healthy . 
  safety purcussions should always meet the actual risk . 
  and as i could not find a single case in this century of a legally bought semi automatic rifle killing anyone in germany , i see no reason to ban them . 
  we have between 100,000 and 2.3 mio reservists in germany , in addition to that thousands of police officers and people working at security companies . 
  also thousands of hunters and sport shooters ( to which you agree they should be allowed to keep their tradition , but they mostly use small calibers anyway ) . 
  they all have a legitimate reason to keep a gun . 
  you might like the idea of knowing that people do n't have guns , but i like the idea of being able to shoot , as it is fun to me . 
  the gun laws in germany are very open , thankfully . 
  exempt for the us , switzerland , austria and scandinavia no one has more guns than us per capita . 
  why would a shooting range be [ safer to store them ? 
  ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/vierfachmord_von_eislingen ) i think if the risk is minimal both ways , we should not act as if we have a crime epidemic , for which we need to take away peoples rights to be safe . 
  i already lose article 13 if i own a gun . 
  i was just talking about what should scare you more , not about what is justified to own . 
  if you are not scared to death by a road with cars on it , there is no reason to be more scared of guns in your neighbor 's house . 
  in regard to the stolen guns , i answered to elsewhere . 
  there are millions of illegal guns in germany , and still no one gets shot . 
  17.000 might sound like a lot but it is not . 
  i believe it was close to 1 out of 100.000 including suicide who die through guns here . 
  than you are irrationally scared . 
  in all big cities in switzerland , there are more guns than people , and they have a lower murder rate than us . 
  if we look at the statistics , crimes with legally owned guns are close to zero , so it is irrational to be scared of them . 
  you should be more scared by your fellow citizens having cars . 
  with legally bought i did not mean legally owned . 
  i meant guns , that were at no point in the hands of a civilian in germany , who owned them legally . 
  guns get almost never stolen in germany and if they do , they do n't end up at a crime scene . 
  you want it to change but the reality is different at the moment . 
  in a civil war , i want to have a gun and if germany elected another hitler i would like to be able to kill him . 
  that is what article 20 is for . 
  how do you know what a hunter needs ? 
  they need a variety of guns as they shoot a variety of different animals . 
  and even if they just had them for fun , more people die through pencils in germany than legally bought guns , so i do n't see the problem . 
  and what would that deadly momentum be ? 
  10 joule could be enough if it hit you in the eye , but would be far from enough , if it hit you anywhere else . 
  the risk with owning guns is extremely small .
