  sorry for the lazy copy 'n' paste ;  would you argue that the afd does not have nazi tendencies ? 
  ever read the poggenburg leaks or heard h\u00f6cke 's speech about jews , or anything gedeon ever said ? 
  beatrix von storch ( their most active leader ) is the actual granddaughter of hitler 's finance minister . 
  if everything else fails , maybe . 
  if we look at the middle eastern border of europe , we will notice , that she has closed it , for the moment . 
  is n't that a success and at least better than killing them ? 
  she tried to do the same with north africa ( we had gaddafi for that , with merkel being the only western/european leader besides brazil who did not vote in favor of war against libya , in the un ) but the spd blocked her . 
  so why not try harder do deport them , before we turn to the ultima ratio , her party proposed the idea of economic sanctions if africa does not take them back . 
  what is the problem you have with merkel besides the refugees ? 
  and what exactly do you want her to do , to limit migration/to close europe 's border ? 
  would you argue that the afd does not have nazi tendencies ? 
  ever read the poggenburg leaks or heard h\u00f6cke 's speech about jews , or anything gedeon ever said ? 
  beatrix von storch ( their most active leader ) is the actual granddaughter of hitler 's finance minister . 
  how do you want to limit further immigration levels ? 
  again , do you want to shoot them at the border , tell italy that it is not our problem , or let them drown in the sea ? 
  she tries to fight human trafficking and to deport them instead , it was the spd that blocked her from deporting north africans . 
  which immigration policy would you think they could propose ? 
  merkel already has done anti-refugee stuff like `` asylpaket i & ii '' or keeping them in turkey and fighting human trafficking , or pushing for deportations to afghanistan or ( unsuccessfully ) to north africa , as well as bringing them to other european countries like poland . 
  unless we shoot them at the border ( like the afd proposed ) or tell italy that their problems are n't ours , there 's not much she can do . 
  minus the c ? 
  their main candidate is a protestant theologist . 
  i assume you are one of these new french people without western morals ? 
  i let you know that we do n't kill people over here , if you want to do that please leave again , thank you . 
   no more birthright citizenship except for natives . 
  citizenship can be acquired , but not as an automatic assumption . 
  has always been that way in germany , is it different in ireland ? 
   refugees receive 5 or 10 year temporary leave visas . 
  the children leave with their families . 
  if bi-racial , they have a choice . 
  the entire point of refugee status was its temporary nature , that must be restored . 
  we are deporting them back already if they are from afghanistan for example . 
  the conservatives also wanted to start doing that for north africa but the social democrats blocked it , i assume it is going to happen after this election . 
  refuge being only temporary is also what the ( classical - ) liberals demand . 
  as the soc-dems are presumably losing this election by a wide margin , a conservative-liberal coalition is the most likely outcome for germany , so this may happen . 
   criminals are subject to immediate expulsion if not to country of origin , then to a third party state camp in mena . 
  at the moment we try to keep all me migrants in turkey , even those who are not criminals , na however does not want to cooperate and the soc-dems are blocking it anyway . 
  we also can not send people to countries , where death is certain . 
  this is the case for criminals that are send back to countries that have death penalties . 
   migrants may be under permanent surveillance as they are in japan unless they can become citizens . 
  i have no idea what japan does with its migrants , but i do n't think we have the resources , to do what ever they do with the hand full of migrnats they have to care about . 
   there are plenty of ways to be humane yet tough . 
  the question is whether europe has the political will to instrument similar reforms . 
  it does n't look as dim to me , as many on the far-right think it is . 
  let 's see what this election in germany will bring . 
  most kurds are lower class , so i assume they have a higher crime rate , yes . 
  on the other hand they tend to be shia and yazidi which means that they do n't commit terrorist attacks in europe . 
  most feudes they have are with turks and amongst each other . 
  they tend to be not more dangerous than ( poor ) bulgarians or romanians in germany . 
  the dangerous ones are the north africans , but they make up only 2 % of migrants/refugees ( but are responsible for 22 % of all migrant crime in germany and nearly all terrorist attacks in continental europe ) . 
  most muslims in germany are turks , kurds and albanians , and they seem to be okay with our rules . 
  but i guess you are talking about the recent migrants and refugees , those came on their own and they can leave at any time if they want to . 
  uhm yes , they have to follow the law as well , if they do n't want to go to prison . 
  how about you explain to him why our actions are not barbaric and illegitimate instead of accusing him of hypocrisy and insulting him . 
  ad hominems are not the finest way to convince others . 
  also i am a radical democrat , in that i would kill for it , does that mean i am toxic ? 
  thank you for the taking the time to write this , and excuse my short answer , but i am only going to answer to the most important parts . 
   when germany limits the rights of its citizens to express whatever they please , it is doing so in all spaces , public and private no , you can draw as many swasikas as you like in your home in germany . 
   and because of physical realities of space and time , a person can not simply `` step outside '' and express themselves elsewhere . 
  yes you can leave the country , our borders are open in all directions and no border is further away than a few hundred miles no matter where in germany you are . 
  you can also directly enter international waters if none of our neighbours please you . 
   germany is effectively saying `` you may not do this under any circumstances , and you have no recourse through which you may carry out this act . '', 
  you can do it at home , in another country or if you get a majority to vote in favor of legalising what you want to do . 
  so it would not be a human rights violation to prevent you from speaking freely depending on who owns or funded the place , okay . 
  germany is owned by its citizens and we democratically decided to not allow the hitler salute . 
  germany is our house , if you do n't like the rules of this house , leave it . 
  it is in most western countries . 
  in most cases , i would agree with you . 
  these chinese tourists however probably had no intention to make a political statement . 
  if i do n't want you to say the word `` dog '' in my house , would it be a human rights violation to throw you out , if you did ? 
  you said we do not have the right to impose such laws . 
  i never argued whether or not these laws are good or fulfill their purpose , only that we absolutely do have the right to impose laws depending on how we want our country to be like . 
  just like america bans alcohol , nipples and genitals in public or swear words on tv , we ban the hitler salute . 
  if you do not like this , do n't visit these countries . 
  unlike america or north korea , we do n't stop anyone from leaving . 
  it is the same as if you visit my house , i can tell you what to do and if you do n't want to , leave . 
  it is like exposing your nipples or genitals in america . 
  a heavy violation of cultural and national norms . 
  we can have whatever laws we would like to have . 
  if you do n't like it , do n't visit our country . 
  the romans most likely never did such a salute , fyi . 
  convincing argument , any examples of germans claiming that ? 
   running an empire is expensive . 
  empire ? 
  they can leave if they want . 
  if they do n't want , they will have to live with the fact that we 're not shutting up . 
  why should we pay and shut up ? 
   some experts believe the country 's own experience with refugees after the war , when over 12 million germans were expelled from what is now eastern europe , may influence the public mood more profoundly than any guilt tied to the nazis . 
  is the only ww2-guilt related thing in your article and it directly contradicts your argument . 
   it has nothing to do with america . 
  do n't try to blame america for everything . 
  i did not blame anything on america , just described my observation , that it is mostly angelos who claim stuff like that , never germans . 
   just shut up about poland , period . 
  they are not yours to bully around anymore they want money from us . 
  no one pays more into the eu than germany and no one gets more money out of it than poland . 
  if they want that to continue , they should abide by european rules . 
  on top of that they want us to defend them against russia and now they want reparations and they want us to stop nord stream . 
  if they want our help in all of that , they should be nice to us . 
  i do n't see how you perceive that as `` bullying around '' . 
  ah okay , thanks . 
  may i ask what you think would be the most likely coalition partner for pis , would it be k15 or do they not like each other ?
