  it will push the afd more and more . 
  the default of greece would probably please the afd voters . 
   in september 2007 the french president nicolas sarkozy offered germany to participate in the control over the french nuclear arsenal . 
  ^ [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germany_and_weapons_of_mass_destruction ) maybe france will offer something similar to poland some day . 
  there is a possibility at least . 
  i would treat those forecasts with caution . 
  no one really knows how the economy will do in 20-40 years . 
  yep, 
  there are a few other institutions doing surveys . 
  the afd currently polls between 7-11 % . 
   low or no pay increase for many years [ not exactly true . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/germans-enjoy-highest-real-wage-rise-in-decades/a-19026620 ), 
  you did . 
  then you are not good informed . 
   the cia told them not too while i approve that we indirectly stop providing china with advanced military tech : the cia has no say in this matter . 
  i really doubt it . 
  even the socialists ( spd ) are against it or at least given up on the topic . 
  and a coalation between cdu and fdp ( economic liberals ) is possible , that would make it even more unlikely . 
  but you never know . 
  it would create a political earthquake for sure . 
  eurobonds will not happen in a foreseeable future . 
  at least not with the participation of germany . 
  if the german government wants to establish it , they would have to `` hide '' it very well from the public . 
  the whole `` money to greece '' story forged the afd , and its only going to get worse with eurobonds . 
  the german people simply do n't want it . 
  and there are more countries against it . 
  i really doubt that we are more cooperative in this case . 
  maybe instead of linking the root wikipedia page , which is n't helping your case at all , you should provide some real sources for your ridiculous claims . 
  start here :  the only reason why germany is a prosperous state today is ussr ( russia ) was afraid that burden of reparations would be unbearable for german people . 
  and here :  if it was forced to pay straight after ww2 - germany would have been somalia of todays europe . 
   enjoyed being rebuilt with money of nations they 've previously tried to exterminate what money do you mean ? 
  the marshall plan , while it helped , only accounted for 4 % of the west german gdp around 1950 . 
   thus now there is absolutely no reasoning why germany should n't start paying for what it has destroyed . 
  thats your opinion and sorry , it does n't matter at all . 
  the german government decided that all matters concerning world war ii , including further reparations , are closed . 
  there is so much bullshit in your comment , i do n't even know where to start . 
  first , you can not compare those two cases . 
  but if greece decides to not pay any debts they have to live with the political and economic consequences . 
  and its the same for poland and germany . 
  in the end you can unilaterraly decide that . 
  and thats infact what happend in this case . 
  they can demand all day long , its not going to happen . 
  germany decided that all matters concerning world war ii , including further reparations , are closed . 
  and thats the answer from the government everytime someone tries to get reparations from germany . 
  there where many before that failed but i doubt this will be the last `` claim '' . 
  i really envy the immigration policies of our eastern neighbors . 
   if competition arises , these companies are big enough to operate with a loss for a few years , just to bury competition . 
  oh come on , this problem is present everywhere where free markets are a thing and ist not exclusively ee related nor an excuse for this `` outcry '' . 
   oh , and we do have consumer protection agencies , but they do n't have have anything to do with regulating the prices no , but they inform the consumers who directly or indirectly influence the price . 
   pardon me for being blunt , but you do n't get quite a bit , it would seem . 
  does n't help your argument . 
  but thanks for the fish . 
   stop buying stuff that you think is overpriced . 
  i really ca n't wrap my head around it why you are getting downvoted . 
  supply and demand seems to be incredible out of control in eastern europe if that 's a problem . 
  do eastern europeans not have any comsumer protection organizations ? 
  why is no one producing similar but cheaper products in ee ? 
  or does no one care to look elsewhere ? 
  i do n't get why this is even a problem that has to be discussed on a european level . 
  when our northern or southern neighbours start selling their products for a price that seems unfair to me , i simply stop buying them . 
   careful with who you vote what do you mean exactly ? 
   outraged about having to pay welfare for the refugees germany is bringing into europe for a strange reason you seem to know me very well . 
  not . 
  of course the refugee crisis is a problem . 
  yeah , we taxpayers really ca n't wait for this to happen while the money is badly needed for our pensions , roads and many other things . 
  this inherent guilt makes me sick . 
  dont get me wrong , those companies are clearly acting unfair . 
  but to me your arguments are more a sign of failed local politics . 
  no proper information of consumers and labeling of products ( which should be implemented locally if the eu doesnt give a damn ) . 
   first , if people would be aware of the quality issues and had the choice of declining a products , it would fair . 
  i thought it was in the media all over multiple times ? 
  as far as i know , those companies do not label their products as `` exactly like sold in germany '' . 
  to inform the public should be the job of your consumer protection agency or a third party dedicated to it ( like its in germany ) . 
   you can not buy a different brand because there is none that would be better even though you are aware of the lesser strength of the one . 
  we probably live in the most integrated market on the planet and you want to tell me that a giant collective ca n't import the products it wants ( e.g. 
  from germany , austria or whatever ) ? 
  possible solution ? 
  [ proper labeling laws . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6mno6f/breaking_news_from_czechia_german_fish_fingers/dk44ksz/ ), 
  really ? 
  oh man , i thought you can import something like that in big numbers via truck . 
  guess i have to drive to greece for my greek tzatziki next . 
  edit : we probably live in the most integrated market on the planet and you want to tell me that a giant collective ca n't import the products it wants ? 
   you can say we can survive without them but i refuse to accept producers shitting on my head just because i can survive anyway . 
  again , do n't buy their products and import better ones . 
  seriously guys , if you want to hurt companies you need to collectively avoid their products . 
  good . 
  everyone affected should do . 
  we asked for a european joint project , but everyone else would rather stick to their current fighter or are already buying f-35 . 
  not judging , thought . 
  why does company a get big profits over `` inferior '' products ? 
  why is company b not making profit , when there is a bulk of consumers that want better quality products ? 
  the costumer dictates the market . 
  if you are still buying products from company a , nothing is going to change . 
  and with all the attention from the media ( at least in eastern europe ) , everybody should know about it . 
  but it seems most do not care , so it will stay the same . 
   kaspersky provides the fsb with real-time intelligence on the hackers ' location and sends experts to accompany the fsb and russian police when they conduct raids . 
  a private company is helping government agencies to solve cases of cybercrime ? 
  im shocked . 
  and whats your plan ?
