  if that 's not the case , then you might as well become a mod and remove posts about croatian green bean stew vs. portuguese green bean stew ( just an example , we 've had castles , cathedrals , mosques , and god knows how many different examples of this in the past ), 
  come on man , really ? 
  it 's a nice picture of a classroom , we do n't need to hear about international politics every time we go on / r/europe ca n't we just enjoy the little things for once ? 
  you could probably say that about almost every classroom back then . 
  there 's just something about real wooden desks and blackboards that gives it that nice cozy look . 
  you 're being downvoted for saying that motorcycles and or lightning bolts kill less than vaccines . 
  i 'd rephrase that if i were you . 
  i refuse to believe this until i see a reputable source . 
  quick !, 
  someone subtract a single euro from their wages before they actually * stop * * protesting * france is looking to have a bright future , 
  we love you too caralho !, 
  true ... 
  well from that graph , it seems we had approximately 5 % around the 70s . 
  the last low point was around 2008 with approximately 7 % . 
  we obviously wo n't reach 2-3 % simply because 5-7 % could be our natural rate of unemployment . 
  how far back are you reaching for that number ? 
  no , there are already too many carajo memes as it is . 
  jesus christ you 're rude ... 
  it sounds somewhat entertaining . 
  where is this from ? 
  it 's amazing how a country with people who were perfect candidates for the eu , who could 've joined our little project - are now being censored by short sighted populists and this horrible dictator . 
  no , but instead it opens up new trade opportunities . 
  china and the eu are n't going to compete . 
  they fulfill certain niches that only overlap in certain industries such as cars . 
  greek irredentisism ? 
  i 'd still argue that he is saying something sensible . 
  the eu needs more bite . 
  hitting a child does n't necessarily cause resentment . 
  a very important ultimate variable in all of this is the quality of parenting . 
  my mother , who i held at very high regard back then as well as today , beat me . 
  while immediately i might 've resented it , she was always there to say `` i 'm doing this to you because you should never shoplift '' for example . 
  i do n't think there 's such a huge correlation between development of society and child punishment as you say . 
  in france it 's legal , but it 's illegal in germany . 
  it 's also illegal in public in most states , but i think i can vouch that parenting throughout these three countries might be treated differently which as a result might lead to different children . 
  let 's put down a baseline to go off of ; '' a child who is exposed to bad parents and punished by then , will not develop the same way as a child who is exposed to good parenting and is punished by it . '', 
  sound about right ? 
  the moment you assume that a woman and a man are different to such an extreme that perception of intellect is going to be different between them , is the moment i 'll comfortably disregard the comment . 
  i 'm honestly relieved you put a / s. 
  there are substitutes to beatings . 
  though i have failed to neglect something i did n't mention a couple of hours ago because it did n't come up . 
  parenting as a whole is the ultimate variable . 
  if you beat your child , but you are good at parenting ( as i would describe my parents at least ) then you can get a desirable result . 
  if you are terrible parents , whether you beat your child or not , you can end up with bad behavior . 
  this eventually leads to the ` great psychological question ' of nature v. nurture . 
  but that would only complicate this more ... 
  i 'd argue that no , the last swedish generations may have been raised properly , though i would n't doubt that there are some bad apples among the bunch who did n't raise their kids properly at all , as we have that in every population . 
  you done good jimmy , ya done good ... , 
  hmm , it sounds more like this was a beating rather than a punishment . 
  this is obviously not ok and i can see where you 're coming from . 
  however , in my neck of the woods , it 's commonplace to beat the hand with a wooden spoon , whip with a belt , and redden a cheek with a hard slap . 
  the belt is obviously the most extreme form there , but i wo n't get into the crazy shit like being barefoot in rice and stuff , that 's essentially a joke we make to emphasize punishments . 
  i argue that if you shoplifted for example , a time out is n't enough , and you ca n't absorb the consequences of your actions any faster there than by immediate punishment . 
  slap the kid for god 's sake , if you do n't want him to shoplift again like that , teach him to never do it again by having someone who loves him and whom he might look up to do it . 
  your father does n't sound like that someone for you , so i can understand your position against corporal punishment , but i still feel that there is benefit to it when administered correctly . 
  hmm , in my house we did a lot worse , but i 'd still argue that a simple ear yank , or an arm twist in a public setting is definitely fine !, 
  hmm , well i 've encountered people who are spoiled and irresponsible in a situation where they were never corporally punished . 
  in fact , they seem to have zero regard for any negative repercussions . 
  i grew up in a household where i was beaten if i overstepped my bounds , granted they were roomy and understanding of simple mistakes . 
  i 'd still argue that i do n't do any ` stupid shit ' because during that young age i learned to understand that bad things can happen if i do ` stupid shit ', 
  as a kid that grew up in two different house holds , one with and one without corporal punishment . 
  i believe with definitive certainty that the one * with * corporal punishment was much more preferable than the one without . 
  as i learned critical social boundaries and respect which could only be administered by corporal punishment . 
  how did they punish you ? 
   was it right ? 
  i 'm a cuban . 
  our region of the planet is ` renowned ' for our child beating abilities . 
  imho , i think child corporal punishment ( not beating , there is a difference ) is a necessity . 
  children simply do not learn or function like a rational adult . 
  you can not elicit the same response efficiently and with the same strength by taking something away or putting them in a time out . 
  that said , i feel the world is softening up too much on children . 
  we encourage our children to reach for the stars , but we never teach them how and when to share . 
  and from my experience ( in regards to people i have known who were never beaten ) , they tend to exhibit a characteristic brutish regard for anything they do , almost as if nothing has any repercussion . 
  and honestly , i think i 'd be fine with not beating a child if these certain parents that stand against corporal punishment would actually punish their children in some proper manner whether it be by humiliting them in front of their friends ( if they 're at that age ) or at least denying them in their tantrums . 
   was it right?was it right?was it right?was it right?was it right ? 
  sorry , rant over - my answer : if that child was administered a positive punishment ( the psychological definition of inflicting a negative stimulus to negate a certain behavior ) , and the child did not perform that behavior again , possibly leading them on a particular beneficial path . 
  then by all means , throw that slipper as much as you have to . 
  there is a limit of course , one should never really hurt their child to the point of inflicting a wound , but that fine line is something i would prefer to legislate instead of completely removing what i 'd honestly regard as a crucial form of child development . 
  please someone post it on there . 
  someone should humiliate this naive prick and maybe , just maybe he 'll wake up . 
  oh god * flashbacks of talkative cuban family intensify * that 's the worst thing i 've ever heard !, 
  * flashbacks of last year 's trip to helsinki * bomb them , quickly !, 
  bomb them to oblivion !, 
  i 'm sorry , one of our defective spanish units seems to have escaped the warehouse . 
  please excuse us , it has n't marinated long enough in a paella for it to be sufficiently comedic enough to spanish levels . 
  i hope you understand that this has not voided your warranty and are still free to return your neighborhood spaniard should it fail to meet regulations . 
  i mean , it went necessarily that at all . 
  english speaking countries ( certainly the two most notable ones ) have been found to be experiencing political controversies at the moment . 
  the almost clean split between two sides of the brexit vote ? 
  how about the controversial election of donald trump where two ideologies are literally protesting about the existence of the other ? 
  i even said unfortunately to mean that the current situation is unfavorable for an area that 's seen a lot better in the past . 
  someone already commented that ... 
  ... whataboutism is also fairly prevalent in the anglo sphere . 
  at least you make it seem like it is because you 've introduced an entirely different variable into what we 're talking about ... yeah , south america has corruption . 
  so what ? 
  we 're talking about football fans and people becoming moronic over political ideologies and simple ` political rhetoric ', 
  one instance versus the raucous reputation the english have garnered ... 
  yeah , can you believe they 're busy killing some big reef thing with coal ? 
  so silly !, 
  i remember seeing one of the travel a desert wasteland drinking his own piss with a three legged goat !, 
  why !?
