i forgot the name of it , any clues ? 
  i thought you guys got some snow up in the north ? 
  we get the occassional snow day ( pretty light i guess ) here in madrid . 
  separation of state and religion means that they both do n't intertwine and influence one another . 
  however , we ca n't just forget that religion has played an enormous role in human society . 
  if you 're going to a church or mosque , then you should just go in a purely scholarly way . 
  you go there to learn what led to them building that mosque , you go there to learn why they do n't portray pictures of people . 
  just because the church is n't allowed to influence the state does n't mean that the church is suddenly some sort of poisoned well . 
  from what i read , he 's advocating for rebuilding it entirely . 
  i 'm advocating for just building up from it . 
  for example , if you look in the first layer , the archways have metal wire and concrete supporting them , if we were to do this throughout the entire colosseum , reinforcing it for any earthquakes , and we * rebuilt * the destroyed parts , while neither damaging , nor removing the existing surviving ruins , i would be all for it . 
  but from what i 'm seeing here , he 's advocating for the complete reconstruction of the colosseum , and the ruins to be removed and i presume studied or stored . 
  that 's what restoration is for . 
  but you 'd be removing the lasting effect that the colosseum as well as the surrounding ruins have . 
  when i went , i did n't go to just see the colosseum , there 's a lasting effect of realizing that you 're standing on the exact same spot where thousands of years ago , some plebeian cheered . 
  to tear that down , you 'd just get another shitty tourist spot . 
  also , if there are any materials , or other special archaeological finds below the colosseum , by building over it , you 'd be effectively sealing it off . 
  do n't make the colosseum just another tourist attraction , it has its share of culture and history that should be appreciated as well . 
  i 'm praying for all of you . 
  southern europe just happens to be in a very earthquake prone site , let 's hope this finally cools off in time . 
  took this straight from the catalan wikipedia page in english . 
  `` 19th-century spain saw a catalan literary revival , [ 10 ] [ 9 ] which culminated in the 1913 orthographic standardization , and the officialization of the language during the second spanish republic ( 1931 -- 39 ) . 
  however , the francoist dictatorship ( 1939 -- 75 ) banned the language again . '', 
  a link to it : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_language, 
  while franco did ` some ' good for them , you ca n't tell me that him censoring the catalan language was n't a form of oppression . 
  how would i be wrong ? 
  franco pushed to remove catalan from spain and tried to assimilate the culture into a castilian spain, 
  yes , sorry , i 'm not used to people knowing what castile was outside of europe . 
  true , but the catalan peoples were oppressed by franco 's regime as he attempted to make a purely spanish spain . 
  edit : castilian spain, 
  speak for yourself , we 're going back to mexico ( a.k.a new spain ), 
  seriously ? 
  i do n't care that much about the fact that it 's bullfighting so much as that it 's a reversion of catalonia 's ban . 
  you mean , the one about communism where : the very last capitalist we shall hang will be the one who sold us the rope . 
  compadre , need more trade deals man !, 
  ps : send women, 
  oh yeah , i lost track of who i was typing to lol, 
  lol , it 's okay , hearts of iron is a game from a series by a dev company called paradox interactive . 
  its a few games where you can start as a country in a certain timeline and do pretty much whatever you want . 
  in my case , i started in another game called crusader kings as spain , ported the save to europa universalis ( another one of the games ) , ported that over to victoria 2 , and then to hearts of iron 4 ( which takes place in ww2 , where i still have my colonies as spain ) . 
  when you said casus belli , i thought you meant it in the literal term as it is used in paradox games ( i 've also never seen it be used outside of the game 's context before , even the people on the paradox games subreddits only ever say casus belli . 
  so were you making a joke about paradox games ? 
  hoi is hearts of iron 4 . 
  i 'm just confused as to whether you understand the joke or not . 
  not according to my hoi4 game !, 
  yeah , but nothing beats a barcelonan paella for sunday brunch, 
  the only recipe i 'll concede to you are fish and chips . 
  but if you want proper food , southern europe is the way to go . 
  calm down there romanian . 
  who said i ever gave up that colony ? 
  i 'll edit this post when i find the donald trump source , though admittedly it could 've just been some shitty click bait headline . 
  moreover , when i say competition i meant an alternative . 
  yep, 
  donald trump is even calling for leaving nato as a whole , and if he does get elected , he 's even discussed how he would not push the us into any conflict should nato be brought up . 
  it 's incredibly stupid , and it 's time that something arise as a competitor to nato . 
  yeah at this point it 's just bullshit here and pie throwing everywhere . 
  this refugee problem is n't as complicated as its been made out . 
  admit them into the country as refugees , when the war is over , their stay is over . 
  there 's no need for all this worry about them staying . 
  if they 're properly documented then they should be removed once it 's all over . 
  edit : if we also educate them now , then when they return to their country , they 'll have the proper knowledge to rebuild their war torn country as well . 
  though i suppose i do sound a bit too optimistic ... 
  too late , we got there before you . 
  france , my great grandfather was a frenchman . 
  it 'd also give me an excuse to finally continue my french lessons , 
  cool !, 
  hey what if we team up and send the refugees back on giant dolphin rafts ? 
  because germany is currently a powerhouse under her ? 
  and until that fucks up she 's still on her throne ? 
  i did n't know there were dolphins in poland . 
  nah , they have to start out slowly . 
  first 30 years , now 60 , and eventually 90 !, 
  did you factor in the possibility that they hand picked some of the best athletes from within each country ? 
  i 'm sure some frenchmen must be better than some croatians at hurdles or something . 
   united states of europe triggering intensifies, 
  the true squatting slav ? 
  again , thanks portugal !, 
  it 's too late ... 
  hold on i need to kick my portuguese gf out of the apartment . 
  her family has been pretending to not understand me for years now . 
   leader of the free world there 's a reason we 're calling angela merkel that title nowadays ... 
  i 'd honestly support her as leader of the free world more than any american politician at this point . 
  ah , the scene looks very strange without the context !, 
  thank you very much sir !, 
  why do the two on the right look like they 're bored out of their minds ? 
  on every alley , on every street , on ever doorstep , and on every church peak . 
  well , skinner did notice the effect of operant conditioning on creatures . 
  i recall that he had tested it on pigeons and managed to make them perform a variety of behaviors . 
  the effects of reinforcement and punishment were noted by him ; he would use a treat every time the pigeon did a certain behavior , and in another test ( where he submitted a lab rat to an electric shock test ) he would elecrocute him each time he would refuse to leave a room . 
  this was all done on animals of course for obvious reasons . 
  i doubt an electric shock would be so effective on a child as it would be traumatic ; but again , i state that berating and spanking are proven methods and useful when trying to inflict positive punishment . 
  i gathered most of this information from my college level psychology classroom last year when i was in high school , so forgive me if i do n't remember the exact name of all the theories i mention , i 'd try to find links to them were i not on mobile . 
  i made a road trip with my family from barcelona to zaragoza and finally to madrid last summer . 
  what i like about areas just outside of catalonia are all the forests . 
  then a few miles away it 's either an enormous desert , or dead untilled land ... 
  it 's both a shame and a blessing . 
  people leave to make better lives for themselves in their own countries , yet leave behind so much culture ... oh well , at least the land can slowly reclaim itself . 
   it 's overly reductive to reduce behaviour to parenting given that socialisation is much bigger . 
  there are tons of theories on how behavior is influenced in children and humans as a whole . 
  socialisation does play a key role in the development of a child , but as for a debate on whether rectifying behavior vs. socializing with your child plays a larger role is something that could be contended on for years .
