  you are aware that they live in a region that is geographically north of where the kingdom of macedonia was right ? 
  i ca n't tell if you 're a troll or not ... 
  so i 'll just be blunt . 
  i find it appalling that you did that in a historical site . 
  i find it offensive that your first thought when it came to spain was lust for prostitutes , and no i would not like to see your `` puta pony adventure '' on a more personal note , you might not find common ground with me on this , but a girl who thinks romance is fucking in an old ass castle is probably a looney . 
  but hey , that 's just me . 
  fine . 
  former yugoslav republic of macedonian-greek border today ... can we just stop this b.s and name it northern macedonia already ? 
  i 'm all in favor of the greek side of this argument and i wish there was a better name for it , but unfortunately things turned out this way . 
  the use of alexander the great and his father is unwarranted imho though . 
  i 'm okay with the geographic use of the name , not the cultural use and i find it bothersome that some people are told to believe that they 're directly related to alexander 's macedonia even though it 's simply not true . 
  i mean , just look at it !, 
  i prefer taking my horse drawn wagon . 
  why would you write this on the internet ? 
  congrats you had anal in a historical site ... yay you ? 
  i 'm racist for saying the government is opposing a significant portion of its population ? 
  and i 'm racist for saying that it 's people are n't bad , that they are characteristically like any other population in that they have both good and bald people ?? 
  it sounds like you 're trying to pick a fight . 
  i 'm not that fight , man . 
  so does this mean the elimination of entire curriculi ? 
  what say biology or other sciences that are somewhat entwined with evolution but are not evolution itself ? 
  question : is he spinning faster or just spinning more frequently ? 
  if so , is he spinning with more force ? 
  i 'm trying to understand if he 's spinning fast enough to generate enough current for powering erdogan 's entire palace complex or only to heat up one of his hot tubs . 
  the greeks had already proved the earth was round , that said , i have no evidence to counter the quran saying the earth is round . 
  it would certainly be the first religion to explicitly mention it however . 
  if you do get out of turkey by whatever means necessary , please share your story . 
  not to us , but to the whole world !, 
  make sure people understand what is happening to your country . 
  we do n't need uneducated bigots making decisions , we need educated , well-informed people . 
  and the only way to get that is if we have sources and we have experiences . 
  i wish you the best of luck . 
  perhaps one day you might return and fix the mess that 's currently being made in your homeland . 
  it 's a sick country , the government just banned evolution . 
  it 's people are a whole different story . 
  some of its people are sickening whereas others are laudable . 
  have the fires quelled yet ? 
  or are they still razing the country ? 
  sure but at least make it pleasant to look at !, 
  sounds like a plan . 
  not very beautiful , i wo n't say it 's gay or not , i just want something nice . 
  if you want it to be gay i 'm sure there are some overly frilly coats out there that the spanish used at one point or another . 
  this uniform is exactly why i wish we used those beautiful classical imperial uniforms like the british . 
  obviously not red coats but something like it would be nicer than ` that . ', 
  it just does n't even look or feel spanish ... just kind of ... rushed . 
  it 's 1666 all over again !, 
  i honestly do n't want to leave catalonia and i would like catalonia to remain as a part of spain . 
  would you agree ? 
  or would you like to argue for or against it ? 
  the independentists probably would n't want that , they 'd probably attempt to force it out with them . 
  i have my hopes high though , i do n't think we 'll leave . 
  living in catalonia , the people i 've met do n't want independence , they want to be respected by the government . 
  a lot of us just want catalonia as a culture and language to have more ground around our area . 
  i can honestly see why , but this is not something to start an independence referendum over . 
  catalonia has been a part of spain since the 1400s and it is well respected by people across the whole kingdom . 
  why must we leave ? 
  this is the time for my people to make their own decision . 
  while i respect the choice that they will make in the coming months , i do hope with all my heart that we wish to remain as spaniards . 
  stop i ca n't handle all this winning !, 
  you should win a darwin award . 
  just as anyone else could be european , french , and lyonese ? 
  from the catalonians i 've met , the radicalized bunch that screech about independence are far and few in between . 
  a lot of catalonians just want the spanish government to treat them properly . 
  they want their culture to be preserved and respected . 
  a couple of years ago , the spanish government overruled bullfighting in catalan provinces despite the fact these decisions were made democratically . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with the spanish government on a lot of things , but i do not support catalonian independence . 
  i love spain and that includes castile and catalonia . 
  secession would destroy two places i consider to be a part of my collective homeland . 
  is there any gold up there ? 
  should i get my conquistador helmet ? 
  spain and wine ? 
  i can get that its common to drink wine here ( i do it every other day ) but i think beer is more common here than wine ... 
  the hand gestures are different for each language . 
  and whereas one language is loud slightly violent screaming , the other is the result of a stroke . 
  it 's okay though , spanish/catalan - is a fine mix of the two . 
  spanish has the loud screeching , catalan has ... * hears catalonian neighbor screeching next door nvmd , they both screech , catalonian just had a slightly lesser stroke than france . 
  this is french president macaroon , not the italian president . 
  trump 's orange spray paint tan is probably a disinfectant all on it 's own considering it looks so unnatural . 
  they 're the toughest most beautiful nation i 've ever seen , i may sound masochistic but i love them as if they were my own brothers . 
  to form quebec ? 
  i like to think she 'd also do the hand tug thing and they 'd both start a tug of war to see who can dominate the other . 
  there is a lot of fun if he 's threatening the livelihoods of millions in the country he 's supposed to be protecting . 
  and honestly , there 's some fun in watching this ` low-energy old man ' who 's been doing such stupid tug handshakes to world leaders get his just deserts . 
  just because he 's old does n't mean he 's immune from a good beating by his peers . 
   can we just leave him in europe ** no ** you guys started this problem , you guys end it . 
  if you ` accidentally ' leave him here , you 'll start ww3 by leaving a toxic weapon behind on foreign soil . 
  france is stronk !, 
  wait for every european leader to swamp trump with handshakes all at once for him to learn that in varietate concordia is n't just a motto . 
  turkey has land in thrace and i 'm certain we could consider anatolia european . 
  what even is culturally european anyway ? 
  i 'd argue turkey is indeed european . 
  if greek irredentism ever claims thrace ( hopefully not , the bloodshed would be awful ) , then i might concede to turkey not being european ( even though the cultural similarities to the balkans and greece make me think otherwise ) morocco is not and will never be a european country . 
  it is strictly an african or maghrebi ( forgive me if this is n't the proper term ) nation . 
  i think you 'd be taking it out of proportion to say morocco could ever possibly be european as they are neither geographically nor culturally european . 
  so i assume russia and georgia are n't european either ? 
  at what point do we just stop saying people are n't europeans ? 
  hell , i 've even seen obscene arguments that greeks are n't europeans !, 
  by blurring the already difficult to grasp concept , you 're making this more and more difficult . 
  you could probably argue that for a lot of random crap we show on this subreddit . 
  if you 'll immediately consider turkey not a european country ( geographically ) .
