  just wanted to say that you guys both suck at breadmaking and spain and italy are better than you . 
  hell , even italy is having a war on whether panettone or pandoro are better . 
  we both know that 's not gon na happen . 
  let 's meme portugal instead !, 
  how dare you assume my faction !, 
  i for one support the pandoro ( even though i 've been eating pannetone for some time . 
  nah , we could really use another world war 1 . 
  i recall seeing a sketch of some spanish women complaining that france was running out of silk so they could not order french dresses , and that they had too much money for once . 
  mary is always with us after all . 
  right mary ? 
  please ? 
  we want our colonies back ... pretty please ? 
  nah , i like the dutch rebellions better . 
  i can be charles v, 
  baby come back , we can take over the world again !, 
  & gt ; asswhopping to spain [ me estoy riendo en portugu\u00e9s ], 
  why ? 
  let 's just recolonize r/morocco, 
  r/spain will declare its neutrality as well !, 
  r/spain will proceed with our peaceful neutrality . 
  have fun killing each other while we prosper !, 
  it 's not safe anywhere here . 
  how 's the elon guy working out for you guys ? 
  we need those rockets asap it 'll be safer on mars than here . 
  oh no ofc not . 
  if india is a democracy then the social groups shall dictate how it functions by voting in as they please . 
  but at the same time , it really sounded like you wanted to displace the hindu peoples . 
  yet the largest concentration of hindu peoples are in india ? 
  you sound like you want to remove the hindus ( the historical occupants ) of that country from their own country and displace them to god knows where . 
  i do n't like the way that sounds ... 
  your guy like outsourcing jobs to build walls ? 
  or do we need to actually rent out the chinese ? 
  hmm ... hindus in india are way too involved in indian politics ... might i ask what necessarily is wrong with this ? 
  so ... optimistically speaking , where do you see turkey in the next century ? 
  edit : i think realistically would be the better term . 
  i worry he might just end up doing more damage in every other way imaginable ... 
  oh well , i do n't live around the states so i suppose that it 's not that big of a deal on my side of the pond . 
  yeah ... no , i 'm pretty sure it was more than just congress . 
  i remember getting looks when i spoke in french over in manhattan a long time ago, 
  oh no , i agree - i 'm just saying everyone is petty . 
  both back then and now , and in the future ( unfortunately ), 
  your country renamed french fries to freedom fries when there was a strong anti french sentiment over the events that happened in iraq . 
  pettyness happens everywhere man, 
  is n't that scotland ? 
  that sounds like a tariff war waiting to happen ... 
  bah , you frenchmen and your love of taking every loss as a victory . 
  is n't it 142 %, 
  so then you do n't have a problem with the building style ? 
  ( referring to exterior architecture ), 
  oh that 's horrible !, 
  sorry , i thought that most of the traditional architecture in asia was wooden and therefore not very likely to last in a modern city . 
  was n't there some drive for a mesh between modern functionalism and traditional style so time ago ? 
  i 'm really fine with efficiency and function , but i also would like that to be ornate . 
  the thing separating us from americans is that we actually have a style of building that we 've managed to preserve . 
  i would n't want to see that done away with . 
  so sure , gridline every city , and make every home livable , but leave the exterior style on every building . 
  please do n't bring politics into this . 
  we 're in an architecture thread for christ 's sake , i 'd like some reprieve from all that bs even if it 's selfish of me . 
  historic architecture in asia ? 
  do tell ? 
  i do n't understand why we ca n't build a compromise . 
  just make the exterior out of the beautiful ornate designs we want , and modernize the interior for living accommodations . 
  and ? 
  we have capitalism = supply/demand . 
  if all we have are ornate buildings , and the demand for housing is high , then we still do n't have the shitty problem of brutalism, 
  really ? 
  i ca n't stand this blocky style , i lived in a city with both . 
  in havana , we had the old ornate colonial architecture ( albeit crumbling ) and the blocky soviet style . 
  i absolutely hated that blockey soviet building style , and i cried when i saw madrid and barcelona 's beautiful cities . 
  it was n't even a monument , the castle was essentially a replica trying to mimic the style . 
  some rich guy decided he wanted a house that looked like a castle , nothing more . 
  well yeah , of course the basic concept is still there , but you do n't even have an attempt to resemble or match the local people 's architecture ( in the case of le corbusier ), 
  i mean ... mate , you 're the one who posted some bs on here that got shot down . 
  and come on , you 're kind of being a prick to just shoot down spain like that . 
  surprisingly , the fed is leading by 9 % !, 
  cute , you thought your comment would get anything aside from downvotes . 
  i mean , at least you both speak brazilian am i right ? 
  / s i love you guys , but i 'd much rather be spain and you guys be portugal . 
  i 'd still argue that germany could use a different flag ... 
  honestly , a lot of european nations could do with something besides the standard tri color ( france and ... 
  the netherlands ? 
  excluded ), 
  the bloody spanish flag is using the portuguese design !, 
  i think it 's trying to set my eyes on fire . 
  with troops like these , who 'd ever want to win ? 
  and here 's to another 22 years where we never see something like this again !, 
  ah yes , thank you !, 
  * now * i understand . 
  could you translate it for me ? 
  i 'm still trying to study catalan but this seems pretty advanced for me !, 
  that 's actually pretty dark . 
  i love it !, 
  it was a joke . 
  the comment was remarking how it 's absurd if you even know basic physics to fall backwards when moving forward . 
  it makes no sense . 
  angela merkel is a physicist , so she would know how momentum works . 
  that was the joke . 
  he was thiccer than i 'd imagined . 
  go back to worshipping suomenusko or whatever it is you finnish people do in your spare time . 
  uhhh ...
