  okay ? 
  so he toppled napoleon iirc , and he became the prime minister of the uk ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  i 'm asking honestly because you kind of just posted his wikipedia page . 
  uhh , what does that have to do with anything ? 
  i was making a joke about physics which seems to have gone over your head . 
  and either way , if you read her educational qualifications , it 's very telling she 's an accomplished person whether it be in fields of law or molecular hydrodynamics in black holes . 
  i honestly think this is questionable ... sure he had his bad sides , but he did usher a new age in european history . 
  she may be an old woman , but she 's not history yet mate , 
  tiny hands are n't good for catching things . 
  thankfully , the germans have a physicist for a leader who understands that it 's impossible to fall backwards when moving forward unlike you or your tangerine of a president . 
  i would kiss the hand of that woman if it could even remotely make me as stable as she 's said to have made germany in the past . 
  because macron is ( relatively ) fresh to politics just like him ( although macron does have some prior experience unlike trump ), 
  ah , good to see the germans finally discovered forcefield technology . 
  someday europe will be completely safe from all nuclear weapons considering they 've already developed a personal forcefield emitter for ms. merkel . 
  i mean ... what do you want ? 
  to boil perfume ? 
  the section of warsaw that was rebuilt was mostly the oldtown . 
  according to wikipedia ;  his ( bernardo bellotto ) paintings of warsaw , 26 vedute painted between 1770-80 to embellish the so-called panorama room ( later canaletto room ) at the royal castle in warsaw and later relocated to russia , were restored to the polish government in 1921 [ 7 ] and were used in rebuilding the city after its near-complete destruction by german troops during world war ii . 
  [ 3 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bernardo_bellotto the warsaw old town article has an entire paragraph dedicated to the reconstruction :  after world war ii , the old town was meticulously rebuilt . 
  [ 4 ] in an effort at anastylosis , as many as possible of the original bricks were reused . 
  however , the reconstruction was not always accurate to prewar warsaw , sometimes deference being given to an earlier period , an attempt being made to improve on the original , or an authentic-looking facade being made to cover a more modern building . 
  [ 6 ] the rubble was sifted for reusable decorative elements , which were reinserted into their original places . 
  bernardo bellotto 's 18th-century vedute , as well as pre-world war ii architecture students ' drawings , were used as essential sources in the reconstruction effort ; however , bellotto 's drawings had not been entirely immune to artistic licence and embellishment , and in some cases this was transferred to the reconstructed buildings . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_old_town and yet again , another source confirming what i said , ( would n't even mention this stuff unless i could bring back multiple sources )  the destruction of the city was so severe that , in order to rebuild much of old warsaw , detailed 18th-century landscapes by the italian artists marcello bacciarelli and bernardo bellotto , commissioned by the government before the partitions of poland , had to be used in recreating many of the buildings . 
  also of assistance were architectural drawings that had been made before world war ii . 
   the city of warsaw was rebuilt by the communist government between the 1950s and 1970 only with russian help . 
  some of the landmarks were reconstructed as late as the 1980s . 
  while the old town has been thoroughly reconstructed , the new town has only been partially restored to its former state . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/planned_destruction_of_warsaw#rebuilding_of_the_city also , can we just stop for a moment and talk about what the nazis envisioned warsaw to be by the end of the war ? 
  they wanted to completely remove all 1.5 million inhabitants , destroy the entire city along with any and all landmarks and historical monuments and replace it with 130,000 germans who would rule over the occupied polish territories ( pabst plan ) from a people 's party hall that would be built on top of where the old polish royal castle used to be . 
  quick pour all the tea in the tunnel !, 
  it 'll drown them out !, 
  can we make this a thing ? 
  * reads username  the last time europe reformed anything exits out of thread because this is the most downvoted comment thus far . 
  the protestant reform was n't a reform so much as it was a schism . 
  even then , for you to say that the last time europe reformed anything was a theological reform back in the medieval era without considering the thousands upon thousands of reforms that have occurred throughout european history ( outlawing feudalism , centralization of primary education , industrialization , urbanization ) . 
  it 's pretty telling you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  if you still do n't believe me , i suggest you go check out one reform from some insignificant french guy called napoleon bonaparte whose legal code is still used in some us states , namely one which voted in favor of your ` mighty non-existent ' wall . 
   germans do n't forget their old bad habits right , they get the atrocities committed by their forefathers shoved down their throats by idiots like you . 
  you guys have some awesome architecture as well that looks beautiful when it gets even slightly restored , are we assuming you 're gon na declare war on fyrom and try to reinstate the byzantine empire ? 
  germans may not have a sense of humor , but they spit fire like bloody dragons !, 
  wait are you serious !? 
  i thought the churches had forcefields around them that protected us from the migrants !, 
  when will the violence end !, 
  it was destroyed by the bombing of dresden along with a basement fire ... 
  though you are correct with him donating most of his money to the reconstruction of dresden . 
  and yes , he did dedicate a lot of it notably to the rebuilding of the frauenkirche . 
  -0 / 10 needs to be more baroque . 
  as a matter of fact , let 's make everything about it baroque to the point that your eyes start bleeding from the guilding . 
  i 'm kind of neutral towards albert dock , as for brutalism ... 
  i sometimes wish i could burn it all down but then i realize that concrete does n't burn ... 
  i 'm more of a fan of reconstructing historic buildings with modern comforts . 
  let 's polish up the outer shell and make the inside more comfortable for everyone to live or work in . 
  there 's some brutalist stuff that was planned for paris that i 'm honestly happy never got created ... 
  just a quick question that may be slightly off topic , does fraeunkirche mean woman 's church ? 
  yeah , but the fun part about warsaw ( and some polish cities ) is that they were actually rebuilt after the war by means of historical paintings . 
  some people believe that warsaw actually looks a lot nicer now than it would 've looked had ww2 never happened because the artists who drew certain areas may have emphasized or gilded buildings with details that were actually never there , thus making the modern reconstructions look finely decorated and ` fancy ', 
  in a heavily populated area ? 
  i 'm sure it 's not that common . 
  however , this is after the heavy bombings of most of north germany ( we tend to see bavaria and areas like munich that were mostly spared from huge bombardment and those areas tend to have that old school characteristic german architecture while the north is more ` modernised ' but goats grazing along there ? 
  it could either be some shepherd who brought the flock in , or someone could 've hired them to keep the grass low as it 's much easier to have the goats trim a field than a human with a scythe . 
  oh god i love everything about this picture except for that pose !, 
  why leaning on the desk !, 
  there are lots of people with many different opinions out there !, 
  i would n't trust anyone else but the people who successfully rebuilt portions of destroyed historical cities from ww2 by means of historical paintings with the task of rebuilding aleppo . 
  it 's simply what i described . 
  there 's a brownish brick residential area and a far away bluish tower ( in this case towers ) last i recall , there 's only one tower in city 17 and that was indeed the citadel . 
  did city 17 have skyscrapers ? 
  last i recall it was just residential areas . 
  it would make sense ... the combine just wants to keep all of the workers doing basic things if anything at all , and the need for office buildings is n't necessary since the combine can do pretty much everything from their tower/homeworld/administrative center . 
  or money can start flowing to those areas through investment into new industry ? 
  perhaps these different countries could even pool money for expansions of their industry and fields that are not exactly the same as germany . 
  the poles can manufacture uniforms while the germans make engines , and the french tank tracks . 
  that is something which can be built up over the course of time . 
  i think the first big step should be compounding a solidified european identity , a belief that if poland is attacked , it is just the same as if enemy warships were bombing the coasts of spain itself ( in case of my country ) legislation is the easy answer for that though ... a simple ( yet not so simple ) law demanding military action if a member is attacked would be enough to dedicate forces and , even in conflict , promote some sense of connection between nations in this military union . 
  how about we start making this a european homeland mindset ? 
  if european soil is attacked , it is the job of europe to defend that land . 
  germany has been shown to be more pacifist with regards to itself , it has demonstrated a preference towards diplomacy than the rifle . 
  but i 'm certain that if russia were to attack germany ( for example ) , that pacifism would disappear fairly quickly . 
  something which the americans would certainly not care about if we 're all being honest here . 
  or how about we take the cheaper and ultimately better route of creating the infrastructure and industry within other countries of the eu in order to facilitate competition against germany 's powerhouse ? 
  we could set up a larger textile industry in slovakia that mass produces uniforms whereas germany handles the massive engineering haul . 
  just an example . 
  ye can take yer tea and yer muskets and git the fock out o my harbor !, 
  we are all in this together for a lot of the union . 
  the majority of the funds we 'll be paying at the start is to set this up and to maintain it . 
  i imagine going to war as a collective union or flexing the new military muscle will have to be voted to hell on in order to do it . 
  i just hope it 's not too much to the point that we can never agree on anything . 
  then again , if poland ( for example ) is outright attacked by findland , it 'd be hard to justify not at least dedicating forces to the area . 
  salty mate ? 
  ok ... so what ? 
  what does walter mean ? 
  yeah ... unfortunately . 
  sorry , i find it a bit appalling that that 's the angle you have to take in what should be a first world country in a developed region of the world ... 
  look , the narrative they 've established over there makes them think they 're descendents of alexander the great . 
  we both know that 's preposterous , however , they 're not going to give up the macedonia label easily . 
  another commenter wrote `` vardar macedonia '' , perhaps a more cultural name might be appropriate ? 
  what do you think is a good name for them ? 
  without solely eliminating macedonia , propose a name for their country .
