   and of course correcting behaviour can be achieved entirely without resorting to physical punishment . 
  this is true , but it does n't work for the age where i 'd argue corporal punishment would be most effective . 
  a teenager would be very well suited for this kind of punishment , a 4 year old who just shop lifted ? 
  not so much ... 
  i would n't expect a 4 year old to mow a lawn or to walk a dog , especially if a parent does n't have the time or energy to supervise the child at home and around the neighborhood . 
  this is the case in a lot of american homes ( where i 'm positing this information from , i 'm not entirely sure about european households as i 've lived in what is essentially a college area in barcelona for a little under a year now ) this is therefore , the place where positive and negative punishment come into play . 
  you could take the child 's gameboy away for a week after he shoplifted , or you could spank him , in my book - another good resolve would be to humiliate him in front of his friends , the time old mother yanking the ear of their child or clad with a wooden spoon seems to be a fantastic punishment , though i do n't believe i 'm qualified to distinguish the effects betwene that kind of negative stimulus to the physical negative stimulus in question . 
   parents are the one safe haven that children have . 
  i see a parent as both a safe haven , and a rectifying end for children . 
  a mother and father are there to comfort and support a child , but they are also there to ensure that a child does not steal , that a child does not bully or abuse . 
  the only justification i could see for abolishing beatings is that people are imperfect and might abuse a child as a result of it . 
  no one is perfect and i doubt most of us are actually qualified to punish children . 
  but i still believe that a child should be exposed to positive punishments rather than only negatives . 
  the pyschology behind it is also fascinating . 
  you 'd react very differently to being administered pain as a child than you would if they were to have taken your gameboy for the weekend . 
  btw , i feel i should mention that i do n't support public punishments like a teacher spanking a child . 
  for that i think public humiliation like making him sit outside or berating him for his bad behavior are much more effective than some ` stranger ' punishing the child . 
  you might be right about him being a jerk , but even that has roots in the style of parenting he was shown when he was growing up . 
  his parents were passive , i recall him once spending $ 200 on his mother 's credit card so he could buy god knows what . 
  his mother sent him to one session of parent-child therapy and then let him keep what he spent her money on . 
  my people ( cubans ) sailed away to america . 
  you can do the same , except you can choose between the irish and the french . 
  i fear cubans may never set foot in europe if they try to sail there via raft . 
  then again , i 'm here in spain so ... 
  hmm ... not necessarily . 
  according to certain theories of behavioral psychology , positive punishment can be very useful in teaching children risk and reward . 
  i actually know of a former friend who was raised without any beatings or physical affronts by his parents . 
  the child grew up to be a manipulator , a deviant , and an all around bad person . 
  and i very strongly believe that this is in part due to the fact that he has no real scale for measuring punishment over reward . 
  what actually is the original currency denominations of the uk ? 
  i only know of pesos and reals in spain . 
  that and the almighty euro ... 
  just wait 3 years . 
  it 's practically effective immediately  unless we go ballistic and start chugging so much coal we all get black lung , we 'll be fine !, 
  i ca n't say the same for the americans however ... 
  babe bring me some gyro and i 'll bring paella !, 
  i 'll matrilineally marry my daughter to him . 
  maybe even have her son abdicate the throne to me !, 
  through whatever complex monarchic succession rules ... 
  * fyrom there happy ? 
  hmmm ... well let 's not get hasty now ( i was joking about the hagia sophia ) but i would like to see an ` old ' egypt where they rebuild the ruins around the entire necropolis and remake some of the ancient things . 
  in all honesty , i do n't agree with building new structures , i just like rebuilding the ancient stuff , 
  i wish they 'd scrounge up some more funding so we could rebuild the entire acropolis with the castle walls and the whole thing !, 
  i mean , it 's a byzantine structure ... so more roman or greek orthodox . 
  i 'm just calling for another sweet parthernon . 
  the joke was meant to be the quixotism of the entire statement but yeah ... 
  i also appreciate the subtle yet , 
  no , instead the turks will finally come to their senses and become neo-hellenic . 
  edit : #tear down hagia sophia and build a parthernon !!!!, 
  edit : chill out reddit , it 's just sarcasm !, 
  some of it is true , you 're thinking of hans island between denmark and canada . 
  but most soldiers in ww1 were known to have done things like this . 
  as is tradition . 
  someone should put macedonia directly on top of greece, 
  obviously ... 
  i drive to work in my siege tower and sleep in my crusader suit of armor . 
  ave maria !, 
  i 'm already arranging a ` strategic marriage ' with one of their princesses . 
  soon i 'll have control over all of the kebab lands !, 
  uhh ... where did i ever say racists or anti-democratic ... ? 
  if anything , you guys are far more democratic than anyone else in this whole debacle . 
  you went out and voted , and beat your opposition because of their apathy , that 's literally using democracy to your own advantage , bravo !, 
  as for racism ... not really ? 
  i think the whole ` taking our jobs ' spiel is stupid at this point . 
  but so long as you 're not spewing `` mexican immigrants are taking our jobs '' garbage like trump , then i 'd wager you guys could make some fair argument . 
  no , where you guys do rub off wrong is at how incompetent your politicians are . 
  i believe farage was called out the other day after he said immigration was a crucial part in the westminster attacks , and was forced to rescind that statement . 
  honestly , you guys can believe whatever you want to believe , but i 'd ask that you vote with your brain rather than your heart . 
  that goes for everyone , not just pro-brexiteers . 
  unfortunately , your side of this argument is normally accused of voting with the latter . 
  i do n't think its at all wrong to face opposition or negativity with a smile and a laugh . 
  seems like a fantastic way to spend an evening !, 
  you mean like the well reasoned arguments the pro-brexits have made ? 
  this is the cretaceous era , not the great flood from noah 's ark, 
  those dirty brits soon tried to conquer all of europe with their tesco brand tea . 
  of course you can find the german at the immediate mention of porn !, 
  as with every important part of europe it seems nowadays ... 
  most of the terrorism is n't centered around the west anymore . 
  those major numbers were coming from eta and the ira in spain and the u.k. respectively . 
  nowadays , terror happens from the mentally ill , and the occasional radical ( some islamic , some native ) . 
  in essence , we have gone from organized terror centered around the west - to two or four sprees every year , much much lower . 
  on the bright side , it 's really gone down over the years . 
  and we are n't seeing that massive organized terror that 's so obvious with the eta and ira, 
  coastal progressive states ? 
  hmm , i 'd argue that the west coast might have more , but i really think that economy per household and food quality are correlated here . 
  would n't poorer households ( especially in certain parts of dense cities ) consume unhealthier processed foods rather than the healthy stuff you 'd find in the richer areas ? 
  speaking frankly , would n't the poor eat mcdonald 's rather than settle for a salad from whole foods ? 
  afaik there is actually a paper discussing how spaniards actually work harder than germans ( we just do n't work as efficiently , taking the term work hard , work smart quite literally ) we also live less sedentary lifestyles than americans and also have far healthier foods than the americas . 
  yes , but there 's a severe lack of paella , catalonian screaming , and thirst . 
  random ? 
  it 's a region in the developed world with some of the longest lifespans . 
  and some of the most renowned gastronomy on the planet . 
  italy sounds like a hot bed for sanitation and life expectancy, 
  unemployment , starvation , and a the fact i 'm to nervous to leave my flat in fear of speaking to the girls next door . 
  the few times i do go outside , the sun has dissapeared and i just go and pick up some churros and chocolate . 
  my parents in the us do n't understand how i 'm still healthier than the average american . 
  edit : i forgot to mention , if you touch my paellas , i will kill you . 
  same . 
  yep , it 's a cute little deadly kubelwagon !, 
  spaniard here , give me a pen before i sign with my own blood .
