  is n't that just an obelisk ? 
  or are you referring to the ancient city ? 
  i honestly just want all the ruins to be restored to their former glory . 
  i 'd like the colosseum to come back to life , and i 'd like the acropolis to look like this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acropolis_of_athens#/media/file:akropolis_by_leo_von_klenze.jpg edit : i 'd also like the ruins of rome to all be restored so we could have an ` ancient rome ' section of the city . 
  i do n't think i 'm qualified to say . 
  i know the elgin marbles are one major talking point , but i do n't know if theres anything else exactly . 
  a lot of the acropolis is scattered across europe . 
  some parts were taken by the venetians , others by the british , some are still in the acropolis but buried under ground by time . 
  sorry this is going over my head ... 
  anasystolis is a system by which they rebuild the ruins using whatever pieces they can find from the ruins . 
  that half of the acropolis could probably help in rebuilding it . 
  also yeah ... there is practically an entire half of the acropolis over in london , 
  i really hope this money can go to restoring all the ruins !, 
  the acropolis looks to be on the way to returning to its former glory !, 
  is n't that an oxymoron ? 
  true , but i have seen some leftists who still call for american supremacy . 
  i suppose it 's just a matter of which side of the pond you 're on . 
  i 'd give a person a weird face if they said america deserves more than europe just as i 'd be given a weird face for saying the opposite in america . 
  only 25 ? 
  how about 25 thousand !, 
  `` european will eu people . '', 
  oh no ... the end is near ... 
  americans seem to have this fantasy that the eu is overrun by immigrants and how terrorists are raping all of our women . 
  their mainstream seems to love feeding its own ego that america is the best at everything ... a shame they 're that stupid . 
  victory to the people yet again . 
  we must never let tyrants oppress or corrupt our beautiful society ever again . 
  urge to colonize * intensifies *, 
  the americans are making shitty jokes again ?!, 
  as much as i get a political boner about this , i think spain should fix its problems first before la segunda reconquista . 
  this the reason why i say i do n't have a problem with muslims , but instead with certain people who follow it . 
  geez , imagine someone thinking that your occupied country was responsible for some of the worst extermination camps in a planet changing war !, 
  the hijab is an admission of sexuality though . 
  that 's something i 'd think would be fine around the teenage years . 
  definitely not a 4 year old girl . 
  that 's it . 
  we 're kicking them out . 
  they had their chance , but now they blew it by being colorblind . 
  does n't mean argentina is right ? 
  or spanish ? 
  argentinans are n't really spanish though . 
  they speak our language but they have a fairly large amount of italian and german there as well . 
  i 'd say you ca n't rule them out . 
  says the country who has our rock !, 
  fine . 
  ^ we 're ^ ^ coming ^ ^ ^ after ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ later, 
  i beg to differ . 
  who wants the netherlands anyway ? 
  it 's all about belgium . 
  unless we 're both into that . 
  please do n't take this away from me !, 
  in all seriousness though , it looks like germany had some success this year with their new years . 
  perhaps austria might adopt this too ? 
  i 've been to lisbon . 
  let 's just agree to disagree huh ? 
  i do n't think we should be starting a war over our women . 
  please no more . 
  i like my tiny little flat . 
  i have good internet , the cute girls next door make fun about how i 'm so quiet , and i 've been waiting a whole year for the correfocs . 
  currently stuck in my little barcelonan flat paying a sum of euros equivalent to the city of el dorado . 
  no thank you , the last thing i need is for barcelona to get even more expensive . 
  never change catalonia . 
  never change , because i love you . 
  we tried colonizing them a long time ago , but instead we found the canary islands, 
  this is how the trojan war began boy ... 
  sometimes you just do n't have enough ducats to finish that cathedral and that star fort on the border between you and revolutionary france . 
  venice has discovered sailing edit : i think it actually goes `` my doge , we have discovered sailing ! '', 
  username checks out ? 
  as is tradition . 
  and now the americans are building one to keep them in . 
  is n't the vatican 's official language latin ? 
  i think he meant that , because they live in a country where they can have a different option , they can leave should they really want to ( however loaded that statement might sound ) . 
  too add on to his statement , any immigrants i 've noticed here in barcelona are n't as bad as the africans . 
  the muslims here seem to try to change things in their favor , but they really do n't gain any ground . 
  a lot of the africans i notice around the city are just delinquents which i believe are far worse ( at the moment ) than protesting muslims . 
  who said galicia had a say in this ? 
  nah , they can sit in the back with the basques and catalonians ( jk , i love everyone  ), 
  this war has no prisoners ... 
  r/spain continues laughing r/spain can not stop laughing r/spain pleads for aid to be sent , we 're being hit with no2 gas attacks by r/andorra, 
  sorry , it autocorrected into that . 
  thanks grammarly ... 
  do n't knock sugar loaves till you try them man . 
  nor pan de bono either . 
  yeah but i 'm just pointing out how it 's mother fatherland which confuses me as to the gender . 
  grammatically it is feminine , but then why fatherland ? 
  is n't it `` la madre-patria '' so mother-fatherland ? 
  you know what ? 
  i 'm tired of our shit mate . 
  if no one will fuck us then we 'll fuck someone else . 
  our entire history was comprised of us fucking everyone until eventually one day we just stopped bothering . 
  well you know what !? 
  i 'm tired of waiting for those days to come back . 
  i say we take back the colonies , and we show them how to run a real nation . 
  no more of this independence nonsense . 
  let us make this the last time the sun sets on a spanish horizon . 
  it 's impossible nowadays because the thames has shrunken from so much urban development . 
  i 'm pretty sure that battleship the brits have rusting up the thames is permanently stuck there . 
  not as much as what sommebody did to you guys a hundred years ago . 
  it does n't exist because it 's not too far into the war yet . 
  breaking news - americans have now discovered how to quantify sadness . 
  they now own one of them .
