  for example : `` i believed in the need for a strong social safety net , partly funded by the west . 
  this was not accomplished . 
  the health care system , for example , fell into shocking collapse . 
  i believed that the west should provide large-scale and timely foreign assistance to russia , ** as it had to poland . 
  ** the united states and the imf rejected this advice . 
  russia fell into a deep balance of payments crisis . 
  to summarize a long saga succinctly , russia never received much in grant aid , stabilization support , [ 33 ] or debt relief . 
  what little did come was far too late to save the collapsing initial momentum of reforms , as most of the reformers were long gone from the scene or at least from the center of power . 
  a very senior u.s. official , lawrence eagleburger , told me bluntly in the spring of 1992 : `` jeffrey , you must understand . 
  assume for the sake of argument that i agree with you . 
  it does n't matter . 
  do you know what this year is ? 
  it 's an election year . 
  there will be no large-scale financial support . '' i had heard that before , many times indeed , in bolivia , poland , and elsewhere . 
  ** in those earlier cases , persistent persuasion had made a difference . 
  ** '' ( [ source ] ( http://jeffsachs.org/2012/03/what-i-did-in-russia/ ) ), 
   i know , how dare they not quietly lie down and die . 
  eventually the president ran away, 
  it seems you 're missing something there . 
  like , i dunno , a fucking * agreement * that was finally conducted between the protesters and yanukovich . 
  the next day radical protesters ignore said agreement and storm government buildings , and president is running for his life . 
  after all , who wants to be gaddafied ? 
   a lot of russian citizens fighting on the separatist side, 
  how lot , exactly ? 
  it seems that you have access to the data , so please , do share . 
   russia is suffering from a cult of personality right now . 
  please remove yourself from here to the nearest library available to you and educate yourself on what cult of personality really is . 
  history is n't that hard , i assure you . 
  it may have something to do with shitty evidence of russian involvement . 
  i 'm rather neutral and do n't keep our government in particularly high regard , but no images of armor crossing the border up to this day ? 
  really ? 
  in xxi century , where all kinds of rarest weird shit gather millions of views in youtube ? 
  i like your arguments ... oh wait , you brought none . 
  nope you did n't . 
  you just do n't know what you 're talking about , and i mean both cults of personality and what average russian feels or wants . 
  it never stops to amuse me how short is people 's memory , and how easily the history can be rewritten with the help of ~ ~ propaganda ~ ~ creative reporting . 
  now people all around the world talk about russia `` invading '' ukraine , and apparently almost nobody remembers how the `` ato '' had started . 
   i wish there was a clear list of what is and is n't allowed . 
  with the russian post it works a bit differently : if it looks like a knife , they require a certification , an official paper that confirms that it is n't a weapon ( written by state-approved expert that checks the knife according to a long list of rules ) . 
  all business that produce or import knives in russia usually provide those papers at their expense , so if you buy a knife in russia , you 'll also get a paper that confirms it 's not a weapon ; hence , sending a knife from one russian city to another is n't really a problem . 
   also , the machete in question under shipping info said `` currently , this item can only be shipped within the us '' , but when i entered a fake address and clicked use this address ... it tells me `` this item ships to russian federation '' ... 
  well , i tried to order your item , it took me up to checkout , so i think it does ship to russia . 
  will it cross the customs , that 's another question . 
  you really should contact dhl and ask them about that . 
  i googled around , knife enthusiasts here often order knives from abroad , but sometimes customs just do n't let them through . 
  oh , it seems `` downvote without any arguments '' time of day . 
  enjoy circlejerking . 
  whataboutism . 
  `` a cult of personality arises when an individual uses mass media , propaganda , or other methods , to create an idealized , heroic , and at times , worshipful image , often through unquestioning flattery and praise . '', 
  please , show us how putin `` uses mass media '' `` to create idealized image '' of him `` through unquestioning flattery and praise '' . 
  cult of personality , existing or not , has absolutely nothing to do with the original statement : `` they do n't care what the government does so long as they `` feel '' proud . '' that 's why i said that / u/ket -58 - monk knows nothing about the subject . 
  then may be it would be wise to start with demonstrating said `` merit '' ? 
  one missile launcher could probably travel through the border unnoticed . 
  a pair of tanks . 
  but in hundreds or thousands , as they claim , unnoticed ? 
  and there is another thing . 
  every damn time somebody 's claiming `` we have evidence about russian armor crossing border '' , this evidence is n't shown for , you know , reasons . 
   you do not take a picture of a soldier with a rifle who does not want to be photographed . 
  there are many photos and videos of rebels moving inside their territory . 
   except for the fact putin actively put down any alternative candidates . 
  name two . 
   well , you sort of demonstrated the point, 
  no , i did n't . 
  original statement was : `` putin actively put down any alternative candidates '' . 
  what are their names ? 
  who did putin `` actively put down '' ? 
   there are just some random haters that prefer to oppose anyone in power and would refuse to take it even if given chance . 
  and then there are plain clowns . 
  yes , there is a problem with the opposition in russia . 
  there is no serious , mature , constructive opposition . 
  but not because putin `` put it down '' . 
  there was nothing to be put down . 
  it 's sad , but true . 
  putin tolerated him for * years * , why kill now ? 
  now , imagine that those who killed nemtsov had no use for him , nemtsov was n't radical enough for them . 
  his death , though , can be used in many ways , like deaths of protesters in ukraine and other countries . 
   i 'd be more inclined to agree if the other alternatives were n't getting killed . 
  please name `` alternatives '' to putin that were killed . 
  ( and no , nemtsov was n't an alternative . ), 
   `` you can get away with it , why ca n't we ? '', 
  in the case of precedential law it 's a completely perfect argument ( and yes , international law is precedential ) . 
   well that is the price of revolution , is n't it ? 
  what revolution ? 
  are there different people in power ? 
  nope . 
  poroshenko was in power earlier , albeit no president . 
  same . 
  what makes you think that those guys are not as corrupt as any other ukrainian government `` worker '' ? 
  there was no revolution in ukraine , there was struggle for power among corrupt elites . 
  `` is a fundamental change in power or organizational structures that takes place in a relatively short period of time . '', 
  key word is `` fundamental '' . 
  nothing fundamental was changed in ukraine . 
  pro-russian corrupt top politician was replaced by pro-west corrupt top politician , but entire government system that led ukraine to its doom is exactly the same . 
  poles were actually pretty badass back then . 
  one of the few who made it to moscow itself . 
  not for long , of course , but still . 
   and long tradition of putin 's political opponents being killed . 
  please name those political opponents . 
  a journalist , not a politician , hence not a `` political opponent '' . 
  killing journalists was a preffered method of dealing with them since the criminal chaos of early nineties , long before putin - and politkovskaya made quite a few very dangerous enemies during her career , including chechen criminals , who ended up killing her ; and i seriously doubt that the hit was ordered by putin .
