  people somehow manage to solve communication problems all by themselves . 
   becasue these people also know english and respect that whilst on english servers they should speak english, 
  so those silent guys who seem to be unable to comprehend anything that goes on in raid chat ( like ` ffs stop standing in shit ' or ` are you afk ' ) do know english ? 
   wont even go into how rude the current russian players on the eu servers are and it could just be a small group but from previous game experience i doubt that . 
  am current russian player on the eu server . 
  pls do go into how rude i am . 
   in eve you just join an alliance/guild that is not foreign and your set . 
  this is one possible approach to the problem of communication , and it could work just the same in the imaginary wow ` mega-server ' . 
   it works because there is a desire to communicate, 
  exactly . 
  and if mmorpg fails at providing that , it fails at being an mmo , does n't it ? 
  ... dull stereotypes, 
  sobranie black russian . 
  not russian brand , but russian-made . 
  russian cigarette brands are very rough at best and total shit at worst . 
  that 's because you are not trying to see it from another point . 
  why russia ` annexed ' crimea ? 
  to secure strategically important military base , of course , it is very obvious . 
  events in eastern ukraine were triggered by russia annexing crimea ( or , from another point of view , by russia welcoming crimea back ) . 
  imagine that russia does n't do anything . 
  yanukovich ousted , ukraine turns strictly pro-western , but russia does nothing . 
  what next ? 
  most probably , russia is ` asked ' to remove itself from crimea , ukraine is fast-tracked to nato and nato military base is installed in crimea , basically blocking russia 's access to black sea and to its partners in middle east . 
   russia has so much potential to be an economic powerhouse , but instead it is a black hole kept afloat by the sole virtue of sitting on top of the largest mass of land on earth which is bound to have something valuable under it . 
  gas/oil/other natural resources compose about 15 % or so of russia 's gdp . 
  there is no need to be skeptical in the world of google . 
  finding detailed gdp structure is n't easy , but just mere seconds of googling can show that more than half of russia 's gdp are services . 
  thing is , most things that are produced in russia are consumed in russia and simply do n't register when compared to enormous resource exports ( for example , russian-made cars are cheap and effective in maintenance , but so are cheap models of eu-made cars ; hence , there is no point in exporting them except may be some exceptionally good models like niva ), 
  lj is big in russia . 
  local phenomenon i guess , not unlike icq . 
  til that all the russia ` speaks with the moscow accent ' . 
  honestly , it is just ridiculous . 
  those bullshitters abuse the fact that english-speaking audience just does n't know that russian language has much lesser diversity , and in most cases the accent can only tell that speaker may be not from around there or something like that . 
  to tell different russian accents from one another would take well-educated linguist . 
  even difference between heavy ukrainian accent and perfect russian pronunciation is much less visible than between english in different states ( and british english sound almost like completely different language to russian ear when compared to american english ) . 
  moscow accent in its pure form , yes . 
  but even in moscow many people do n't speak it ( not fully anyways ) . 
  hell , there is that new girl bartender in the bar where i hang out , turns out she 's refugee from eastern ukraine . 
  the giveaway was not the accent , but her t-shirt with nemiroff ad in ukrainian . 
  the thing is , i as a native speaker ca n't sometimes tell eastern ukrainian from russian . 
  sometimes it 's very obvious , especially with people from rural areas ( i 'm not even talking about surjik ) , sometimes ukrainians speak clear russian as it is spoken in central russia . 
  i 'm talking from what i 've seen on tv/internet and from firsthand experience ( the school i 'm working in hosted refugees for several weeks , also there are ukrainians who just moved here to work ) . 
  though could be possible that those guys with ` moscow ' accent were really from russia , it is also completely possible that those guys were from some big ukrainian city whereas the ` eyewitness ' was from more rural region . 
  it is also completely possible that there is eyewitness effect in action . 
  actually they * do * speak ` porebrik ' in donetsk . 
   ethnic cleansing done by stalin which killed more people than hitler . 
  source that , please ? 
  some acts committed by soviet government under stalin 's rule can be considered an ethnic cleansing . 
  i do not remember any such an act though that could be even compared to holocaust . 
  `` the 3.3 million or so inhabitants of soviet ukraine who died in 1932 and 1933 were victims of a deliberate killing policy related to nationality '', 
  this is considered wrong by other serious historians ( namely davies and wheatcroft ) , the so-called ` holodomor ' was n't an ethnical cleansing and it was caused by natural factors as well as human ones . 
  article also fails to mention about hundreds of thousands of tons of food aid that were sent to starving regions , probably because that directly contradicts the idea of ` deliberate killing policy ' . 
  i do n't think there is a reason to discuss this article any further . 
  snyder can be named historian by some , but historians do n't ignore the facts . 
   you want a video of them dancing the sword dance with chechenians and cosacks there ? 
  i want . 
  it must be epic . 
   they, 
  i like when germans under hitler 's rule commits atrocities , it 's ` hitler murdered something and something ' , but when soviets ( not only russians ! ), 
  commit half-justified * atrocity , it 's ` russians murdered something and something ' . 
  \\* many of crimean tatars collaborated with nazis and served in their military ; it does not justifies full-out forcible relocation , but it is also not something like killing out ` subhumans ' . 
  ideas can be contagious . 
  harmful ideas , usually . 
  censorship is bad , of course , but radical religion is much worse . 
  if not some degree of censorship , then what ? 
  offer your alternative . 
   russia is controlled by ultra-nationalist fascists, 
  russia is inhabited by more than one hundred ethnicities , there are more than 30 official languages in russia besides russian . 
  you ca n't control this with ` ultra-nationalist fascism ' . 
   did n't trust the russians, 
  yet they returned to ukraine . 
  are you aware that not only russians were soviets , but ukrainians too ? 
  thing is , they ~ ~ hate ~ ~ dislike russians ( and other slavs too for that matter ) because russian empire conquered crimea after one too much slave raid ( yes , crimean tatars were very nice people ) . 
   crimea is not a part of russia . 
  crimea was a part of russia for centuries and became a part of ukraine only because of khruschev and yeltsin . 
  please provide one example of how is russia controlled by ` ultra-nationalist fascists ' , backing both statements ( ultra-nationalism and fascism ) . 
  it is n't satirical at all . 
  no sane mind is truly open , any educated human being has internal censorship that considers and rejects harmful ideas like religious extremism and para-religious cults . 
  sadly , we are not living in the world where we can allow all ideas roam free and count entirely on common people to decide what is harmful and what is n't . 
  it can sound alien to us citizens where ( to my understanding ) religion-based terrorism is largely unknown . 
  hell , i remember when chechen terrorists where called ` freedom fighters ' by western press . 
  then 9/11 happened . 
  that 's a tricky question . 
  we can start with looking for physical results of an idea to decide is it harmful or not . 
  like , you know , 9/11 and thousands of innocents killed in the name of imaginary omnipotent being . 
  massive famines were not uncommon for that region ( continental climate can be extreme ) . 
  just ten years before holodomor , there was povolzhye famine with comparable death toll . 
  soviet management of agricultural was so ` poor ' that holodomor was the last major famine on russian/ussr territory that was not related to war . 
  holodomor itself is much more complex event that can not be described adequately as ` result of poor management ' . 
  here is [ a short review ] ( http://eh.net/book_reviews/the-years-of-hunger-soviet-agriculture-1931-1933/ ) of probably the best historical work on this event , you should read it . 
  core of it : `` the authors attribute the small harvests in the crisis years to four factors . 
  the intense sowing plans that demanded increased areas under crops disrupted the crop rotations left from the 1920s and thereby brought soil exhaustion . 
  draft forces declined , despite the import , production , and provision to agriculture of increasing numbers of tractors , because lack of forage ( from both procurements and crop failures ) and collectivization ( which facilitated the spread of epizootics ) brought massive deaths of horses . 
  this draft situation in turn , combined with disaffection of the peasants , brought a decline in cultivation quality . 
  finally , exceptionally bad weather caused serious declines in output independently of all the other factors . '', 
   while regional governments are allowed to establish other official languages , ukrainian and crimean tartar are not among them, 
  i do n't get it . 
  why should they be among regional official languages when there are no ukrainian or crimean tatar regions in russia ( unless you recognize the republic of crimea ) ? 
   i think your characterization of russia is perhaps even more misleading than the one you are replying to . 
  the situation with ethnic minorities and their rights contradicts the idea of ` ultra-nationalistic fascist ' government .
