  it 's not like it was me who was surprised that protests in russia are legal , you know . 
  [ washington post ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2014/07/22/meanwhile-in-russia-putin-passes-law-against-protests/ ), 
  `` russian president vladimir putin on tuesday signed a law into effect criminalizing repeated street protests '', 
  this article says nothing about that this law is about * illegal * protesting and that there is a way to hold a completely legal protest in russia . 
   i 'm german, 
  may be german press is better than english one . 
   pro gay protesters being detained in droves, 
  [ fifth st. petersburg lgbt pride event held without major incidents , secured by police ] ( http://queerussia.info/2014/07/26/5762/ ), 
  may be it has something to do with that said detained protesters chose not to follow the law to gain better ( louder ) publicity ? 
   journalists being detained, 
  for being journalists , or for not following some law ? 
   femen protesters being whipped in the street, 
  first , not femen . 
  second , it was most probably set up for publicity ( actual whipping is much more painful that was shown on the video , and it was done by cossacks who are legally just some nobodies wearing funny uniform ; yet there were no legal complaints from pussy riot ) . 
   `` evil western media '', 
  evil ? 
  now you 're just seeing things . 
  not evil . 
  it 's just ... you know , it just seems so that when reporting about russia , it is kind of ok to not report some ` minor ' details . 
   but how come we never see many videos of russian kids playing xbox , youtubing , trolling , etc ? 
  try searching youtube in russian next time , may be ? 
   is this untrue ? 
  the article never said protesting was made illegal , but rather that repeated protesting within a six-month period is now illegal . 
  yes , this is completely untrue . 
  the law is not about protests at all , it 's about * repeatedly breaking rules of protesting * . 
  before it , one could break those rules anytime , it is considered an administrative offence ruled by administrative codex , there just ca n't be any harsh consequences for that ( small to medium fines or up to 15 days detainment , all in all no big deal for ` professional protesters ' ) . 
  under new law , if one breaks rules for protesting second time during six-month period , it is now considered a criminal offence ruled by criminal codex ( big fines or prison ) . 
   but is n't that what the article said ? 
  repeated unsanctioned protests within a six-month period is made illegal . 
  may be i fail at reading , but i ca n't find anything about ` unsanctioned ' there . 
  other sources did reported it correctly , but only wp made it to reddit , hence strange questions about legality of protests in russia . 
  ( other sources did reported incorrectly many other things about russia , though . ), 
  actually , this ` misreport ' was n't mentioned in the russian media at all . 
  the west is not portrayed in russian media as ` evil ' , like , at all . 
  but that 's not my point . 
  one wp article is not enough to broad-brush entire western media , you 're right on that . 
  but it happens more or less regularly . 
  wp , the guardian , nyt , you name it . 
  reuters is amongst most credible , still they recently reported how russian orthodox patriarch was gifted with an entire fighter jet , leaving out minor detail of it being a souvenir model jet . 
  there is no such thing . 
  i mean , one could take all the salaries and average them up , but the result would be complete meaningless . 
  it heavily depends on the region ( difference in average wage between some regions can be threefold or even more ) , on qualification , on the school one is working in . 
  for example , in my region ( tambov oblast ) average wage is about 20k roubles , from as low as bare minimum of about 6k to about 60k ( high-qualified teacher with bonuses for successfully participating in state olympiads while working in a nice school with additional bonuses for this and that ) . 
  eh , roads in russia * are * being upgraded and rebuilt , it 's just this much harder to maintain a decent road when the weather yearly jumps from 30c in summer to -30 c in winter . 
  does n't really does anything ? 
  ignoring internal problems ? 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're drunk on the western kool-aid . 
  20k is not much , but it is very well enough . 
  food + rent takes about 10-12k , rest is enough for clothes and all . 
  the latter . 
   except russian servers are less secure and more unreliable . 
  why so ? 
  til . 
  have an upvote , educated one !, 
  you are not wrong . 
  thanks to the decisions of soviet leaders , ussr 's own computer development path was scrapped in favor of reverse engineering western designs . 
  it was kind of right , software development snowballs heavily if there is a common electronics architecture ( and software can be stolen pretty easily , it is just texts after all ) , but this decision put the ussr electronics in 2nd position by definition . 
  lose trying developing your own computer science , or lose while catching up to the world . 
  two kinds of lose and no win . 
  comcast embeds ads in webpages and blocks vpn ? 
  i kind of come from the opposite side of the world , some webpages blocked is no news in russia , but is this shit for real ? 
  this is a whole new level of broken up internet . 
  yeah . 
  next month nsa report : `` there are x more tech-aware users who employ vpns , we need y more money to catch up '' . 
  this is not the way . 
  sadly , i do n't know the way either . 
  the world is going to shit rather quickly . 
   but that comment only means your life is going to shit rather quickly . 
  actually , my own life is going rather good . 
  but the tendencies i see in the world are pretty alarming . 
  china is china . 
  but having internet restricted ( in any way ) in the bastion of freedom is just ... heartbreaking . 
   https://pbs.twimg.com/media/byo_p3hicaansdw.jpg, 
  funny thing is that he was one of those guys who created the ukrainian state back then in early 20 century . 
  you ca n't annex something that is your own . 
  there were no ukrainian state before 1917 revolution , those lands were part of russian empire . 
  you asked what 's the difference . 
  this is the difference . 
  there were no neo-nazis in power in 89 or 91 . 
  it may be not ` the rise of hitler ' , but neo-nazis in power is a bad thing . 
  [ there were nazis in 1920s and they used swastika as their symbol ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_party#origins_and_early_existence:_1918.e2.80.931923 ), 
  that said , swastikas were apparently pretty popular in early 20 century , so there is probably no way to tell was latvian swastika related to nazism or not . 
   it 's strange why people hoist ss symbols in these countries . 
  without neo-nazis there would n't be any rebels in the east . 
   wait , so the issue here is that some are only just finding out that the majority of the ukranian government is a nazi version of the muslim brotherhood ? 
  yes , pretty much this . 
  except he did n't . 
  your lack of historical knowledge is saddening . 
  i 'm going to tell you that what you 've stated up there is historically incorrect . 
  that one about ` artificial famine ' is also incorrect , famine of 1932-33 was much more complex event that had several factors in play , natural ones too . 
   i 'm going to tell you that what you 've stated [ up there ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2hqame/ukrainians_in_kharkiv_topple_their_squares_statue/ckvgug1 ) is historically incorrect . 
   1 . communists murdered massive amounts of ukrainians as kulaks, 
  there was no link between being ukrainian and being a kulak ( rich farmer , basically ) ; and anti-kulak policy was not simply ` murder all kulaks ' ; although many died during relocations and many were marked as ` kulaks ' ( while not being one ) by local authorities as a method to solve their personal hassle . 
   oppressed the peoples of europe , left them to starve . 
  left who to starve ? 
  if you 're talking about holodomor , government sent food and grain to starving regions , so they were not ` left to starve ' . 
  if you 're talking about some other famine unknown to me , please clarify . 
  but most importantly , it is clear that you associate communists with stalin era . 
  this is wrong . 
  he was , at least by the name ( the economy of ussr was actually closer to state capitalism , but that 's completely different topic ) .
