  one point of view is that there is no legitimate goverenment of ukraine right now . 
  it is unclear ( at least to me ) is it a contradiction to ( former ) ukrainian law that crimean government requiested help from a friendly state in absense of legitimate ukrainian government . 
  one point of view is that there is no legitimate goverenment of ukraine right now . 
  it is unclear ( at least to me ) is it a contradiction to ( former ) ukrainian law that crimean government requiested help from a friendly state in absense of legitimate ukrainian government . 
   poll by the kiev international institute of sociology, 
  completely legit and unbiased . 
   ukrainians and other western europeans, 
  almost literally . 
   joining the eu as part of ukraine ? 
  funny thing is , nobody is offering ukraine to join eu . 
  this `` association '' is more about ukraine economically opening up for eu . 
  turkey is in similar `` association '' for almost 20 years , and it 's nowhere near joining eu . 
   yeah , so ? 
  it needs to be recognised by kiev , not otherwise . 
  because crimea is owned by kiev or something ? 
  ( part 1 of 2 ), 
  just hours after last weekend 's ouster of ukrainian president viktor yanukovych , one of pierre omidyar 's newest hires at national security blog `` the intercept , '' was already digging for the truth . 
  marcy wheeler , who is the new site 's `` senior policy analyst , '' speculated that the ukraine revolution was likely a `` coup '' engineered by `` deep '' forces on behalf of `` pax americana '' :, 
  `` there 's quite a bit of evidence of coup-ness . 
  q is how many levels deep interference from both sides is . '', 
  these are serious claims . 
  so serious that i decided to investigate them . 
  and what i found was shocking . 
  wheeler is partly correct . 
  pando has confirmed that the american government -- in the form of the us agency for international development ( usaid ) -- played a major role in funding opposition groups prior to the revolution . 
  moreover , a large percentage of the rest of the funding to those same groups came from a us billionaire who has previously worked closely with us government agencies to further his own business interests . 
  this was by no means a us-backed `` coup , '' but clear evidence shows that us investment was a force multiplier for many of the groups involved in overthrowing yanukovych . 
  but that 's not the shocking part . 
  what 's shocking is the name of the billionaire who co-invested with the us government ( or as wheeler put it : the `` dark deep force '' acting on behalf of `` pax americana '' ) . 
  step out of the shadows ... . 
  wheeler 's boss , pierre omidyar . 
  yes , in the annals of independent media , this might be the strangest twist ever : according to financial disclosures and reports seen by pando , the founder and publisher of glenn greenwald 's government-bashing blog , `` the intercept , '' co-invested with the us government to help fund regime change in ukraine . 
  [ update : wheeler has responded on twitter to say that her tweets were taken out of context , but would not give specifics . 
  adam colligan , with whom wheeler was debating , commented on pando that `` while wheeler did raise the issue of external interference in relation to a discussion about a coup , it was not really at all in the manner that you have portrayed . '', 
  further '' [ pax americana ] appeared after the conversation had shifted from the idea of whether a coup had been staged by the ukrainian parliament to a question about the larger powers ' willingness to weaken underlying economic conditions in a state . '' neither wheeler or colligan has commented on the main subject of the story : pierre omidyar 's co-investment in ukrainian opposition groups with the us government . ], 
  when the revolution came to ukraine , neo-fascists played a front-center role in overthrowing the country 's president . 
  but the real political power rests with ukraine 's pro-western neoliberals . 
  political figures like oleh rybachuk , long a favorite of the state department , dc neocons , eu , and nato -- and the right-hand man to orange revolution leader viktor yushchenko . 
  last december , the financial times wrote that rybachuk 's `` new citizen '' ngo campaign `` played a big role in getting the protest up and running . '', 
  new citizen , along with the rest of rybachuk 's interlocking network of western-backed ngos and campaigns -- `` center ua '' ( also spelled `` centre ua '' ) , `` chesno , '' and `` stop censorship '' to name a few -- grew their power by targeting pro-yanukovych politicians with a well-coordinated anti-corruption campaign that built its strength in ukraine 's regions , before massing in kiev last autumn . 
  the efforts of the ngos were so successful that the ukraine government was accused of employing dirty tricks to shut them down . 
  in early february , the groups were the subject of a massive money laundering investigation by the economics division of ukraine 's interior ministry in what many denounced as a politically motivated move . 
  fortunately the groups had the strength -- which is to say , money -- to survive those attacks and continue pushing for regime change in ukraine . 
  the source of that money ? 
  according to the kyiv post , pierrie omidyar 's omidyar network ( part of the omidyar group which owns first look media and the intercept ) provided 36 % of `` center ua ''' s $ 500,000 budget in 2012 -- nearly $ 200,000 . 
  usaid provided 54 % of `` center ua ''' s budget for 2012 . 
  other funders included the us government-backed national endowment for democracy . 
  in 2011 , omidyar network gave $ 335,000 to `` new citizen , '' one of the anti-yanukovych `` projects '' managed through the rybachuk-chaired ngo `` center ua . '' at the time , omidyar network boasted that its investment in `` new citizen '' would help `` shape public policy '' in ukraine :, 
  `` using technology and media , new citizen coordinates the efforts of concerned members of society , reinforcing their ability to shape public policy . 
  `` ... with support from omidyar network , new citizen will strengthen its advocacy efforts in order to drive greater transparency and engage citizens on issues of importance to them . '', 
  in march 2012 , rybachuk -- the operator behind the 2004 orange revolution scenes , the anatoly chubais of ukraine -- boasted that he was preparing a new orange revolution :, 
  `` people are not afraid . 
  we now have 150 ngos in all the major cities in our ` clean up parliament campaign ' to elect and find better parliamentarians ... . the orange revolution was a miracle , a massive peaceful protest that worked . 
  we want to do that again and we think we will . '', 
  detailed financial records reviewed by pando ( and embedded below ) also show omidyar network covered costs for the expansion of rybachuk 's anti-yanukovych campaign , `` chesno '' ( `` honestly '' ) , into regional cities including poltava , vinnytsia , zhytomyr , ternopil , sumy , and elsewhere , mostly in the ukrainian-speaking west and center . 
  ( part 2 of 2 ), 
  to understand what it means for omidyar to fund oleh rybachuk , some brief history is necessary . 
  rybachuk 's background follows a familiar pattern in post-soviet opportunism : from well-connected kgb intelligence ties , to post-soviet neoliberal networker . 
  in the soviet era , rybachuk studied in a military languages program half of whose graduates went on to work for the kgb . 
  rybachuk 's murky overseas posting in india in the late soviet era further strengthens many suspicions about his soviet intelligence ties ; whatever the case , by rybachuk 's own account , his close ties to top intelligence figures in the ukrainian sbu served him well during the orange revolution of 2004 , when the sbu passed along secret information about vote fraud and assassination plots . 
  in 1992 , after the collapse of the soviet union , rybachuk moved to the newly-formed ukraine central bank , heading the foreign relations department under central bank chief and future orange revolution leader viktor yushchenko . 
  in his central bank post , rybachuk established close friendly ties with western government and financial aid institutions , as well as proto-omidyar figures like george soros , who funded many of the ngos involved in `` color revolutions '' including small donations to the same ukraine ngos that omidyar backed . 
  ( like omidyar network does today , soros ' charity arms -- open society and renaissance foundation -- publicly preached transparency and good government in places like russia during the yeltsin years , while soros ' financial arm speculated on russian debt and participated in scandal-plagued auctions of state assets . ), 
  in early 2005 , orange revolution leader yushchenko became ukraine 's president , and he appointed rybachuk deputy prime minister in charge of integrating ukraine into the eu , nato , and other western institutions . 
  rybachuk also pushed for the mass-privatization of ukraine 's remaining state holdings . 
  over the next several years , rybachuk was shifted around president yushchenko 's embattled administration , torn by internal divisions . 
  in 2010 , yushchenko lost the presidency to recently-overthrown viktor yanukovych , and a year later , rybachuk was on omidyar 's and usaid 's payroll , preparing for the next orange revolution . 
  as rybachuk told the financial times two years ago :, 
  `` we want to do [ the orange revolution ] again and we think we will . '', 
  some of omidyar 's funds were specifically earmarked for covering the costs of setting up rybachuk 's `` clean up parliament '' ngos in ukraine 's regional centers . 
  shortly after the euromaidan demonstrations erupted last november , ukraine 's interior ministry opened up a money laundering investigation into rybachuk 's ngos , dragging omidyar 's name into the high-stakes political struggle . 
  according to a kyiv post article on february 10 titled , `` rybachuk : democracy-promoting nongovernmental organization faces ` ridiculous ' investigation '' :, 
  `` police are investigating center ua , a public-sector watchdog funded by western donors , on suspicion of money laundering , the group said . 
  the group 's leader , oleh rybachuk , said it appears that authorities , with the probe , are trying to warn other nongovernmental organizations that seek to promote democracy , transparency , free speech and human rights in ukraine . 
  `` according to center ua , the kyiv economic crimes unit of the interior ministry started the investigation on dec. 11 . 
  recently , however , investigators stepped up their efforts , questioning some 200 witnesses . 
  `` ... center ua received more than $ 500,000 in 2012 , according to its annual report for that year , 54 percent of which came from pact inc. , a project funded by the u.s. agency for international development . 
  nearly 36 percent came from omidyar network , a foundation established by ebay founder pierre omidyar and his wife . 
  other donors include the international renaissance foundation , whose key funder is billionaire george soros , and national endowment for democracy , funded largely by the u.s. congress . '', 
  what all this adds up to is a journalistic conflict-of-interest of the worst kind : omidyar working hand-in-glove with us foreign policy agencies to interfere in foreign governments , co-financing regime change with well-known arms of the american empire -- while at the same time hiring a growing team of soi-disant '' independent journalists '' which vows to investigate the behavior of the us government at home and overseas , and boasts of its uniquely `` adversarial '' relationship towards these government institutions . 
  as first look staffer jeremy scahill told the daily beast ... 
  we had a long discussion about this internally ; about what our position would be if the white house asked us to not publish something ... . 
  with us , because we want to be adversarial , they wo n't know what bat phone to call . 
  they know who to call at the times , they know who to call at the post . 
  with us , who are they going to call ? 
  of the many problems that poses , none is more serious than the fact that omidyar now has the only two people with exclusive access to the complete snowden nsa cache , glenn greenwald and laura poitras . 
  somehow , the same billionaire who co-financed the `` coup '' in ukraine with usaid , also has exclusive access to the nsa secrets -- and very few in the independent media dare voice a skeptical word about it . 
  in the larger sense , this is a problem of 21st century american inequality , of life in a billionaire-dominated era . 
  it is a problem we all have to contend with -- pandodaily 's 18-plus investors include a gaggle of silicon valley billionaires like marc andreessen ( who serves on the board of ebay , chaired by pierre omidyar ) and peter thiel ( whose politics i 've investigated , and described as repugnant . ), 
  but what is more immediately alarming is what makes omidyar different . 
  unlike other billionaires , omidyar has garnered nothing but uncritical , fawning press coverage , particularly from those he has hired . 
  by acquiring a `` dream team '' of what remains of independent media -- greenwald , jeremy scahill , wheeler , my former partner matt taibbi -- not to mention press `` critics '' like jay rosen -- he buys both silence and fawning press . 
  both are incredibly useful : silence , an absence of journalistic curiosity about omidyar 's activities overseas and at home , has been purchased for the price of whatever his current all-star indie cast currently costs him . 
  as an added bonus , that same investment buys silence from exponentially larger numbers of desperately underpaid independent journalists hoping to someday be on his payroll , and the underfunded media watchdogs that survive on omidyar network grants . 
  and it also buys laughable fluff from the likes of scahill who also boasted to the daily beast of his boss ' close involvement in the day to day running of first look . 
  `` [ omidyar ] strikes me as always sort of political , but i think that the nsa story and the expanding wars put politics for him into a much more prominent place in his existence . 
  this is not a side project that he is doing . 
  pierre writes more on our internal messaging than anyone else . 
  and he is not micromanaging . 
  this guy has a vision .
