  in fact holodomor was only a part of great ussr-wide famine ( because * all * of ussr was led by soviet government that , by the way , was n't actually very russian ) , and there were famines before it that were just as awful . 
  but why remember 5 millions of russians that died of starvation in povolzhye and ural in 1920-1921 ? 
  that 's nothing compared to 5 millions of ukrainians . 
   lots of people were murdered in nazi concentration camps in wwii that were not jews , as well . 
  but that 's not pertinent to the discussion at hand , nor would it nullify the fact that jews were the principle targets . 
  it is off topic , of course , but that 's not a fact . 
  jews were targets , but they were not the only target . 
  gypsies were treated on the same level , but they are not so vocal , so nobody remembers that . 
  slavs were also considered an * untermensch * , at best to be enslaved and at worst to be purged off the face of the earth . 
  but somehow holocaust is all about jews , and nobody except historians remembers millions of other nazi victims , nor that nazi ` racial purity ' did n't targeted jews alone . 
   and i have witnessed the reverse in russian border areas closest to western ukraine, 
  may be that 's border thing , i do n't know . 
  not something common to russians in general , that 's for sure . 
   there 's a difference between simply not paying and saying `` your terms are unfair . '', 
  yes . 
  next time try to , i do n't know , rent a house , live in there for years and then refuse to pay because terms are unfair . 
  gasprom was very generous to ukrainian state ( for political reasons , of course ) , but someone can push things only so far . 
  i do n't think that nonpayment is not an issue , we are talking about trillions of dollars here . 
  nobody in their right mind can just brush it off . 
   half the country is tired of being under putin 's boot-heel, 
  and that ` boot-heel ' is ? . . 
  are ukrainians forced to pay to russia or something ? 
  do ukrainian leaders steal from ukrainians and then transfer it to putin ? 
  no , they are doing it for themselves . 
  yushchenko was not controlled by russia . 
  kuchma openly admitted government-endorsed stealing of russian gas that was meant for western consumers ( that was in his interview to der spiegel in early 200x , ca n't find it right now ) . 
  yanukovich 's election was transparent and honest according to osce and international observers . 
  origins of ukrainian crisis are internal , not external . 
  they most probably meant nukes . 
   the famine in ukraine was intentional , artificially created by the government at the time . 
  it was not intentional , it was result of bad management , to put it simply . 
  what 's important that in the same time other ussr regions suffered the same famine for the same reason . 
  it was not russian government targeting ukraine , it was ussr government ` accidentally ' ruining agriculture all across ussr . 
  quite a difference , do n't you think so ? 
   ukraine did not stay in the house for years . 
  ukraine used russian gas without paying for it since early nineteens . 
  it is going on and off since back then . 
  but yes , you are right , it 's not trillions , it 's mere billions . 
  pocket change . 
   he gets his political rivals thrown in prison , just like putin does, 
  til that navalny and nemtsov are in prison . 
   the other regions of the ussr suffered famine because they did n't have food . 
  wrong . 
  other regions suffered famine for the same reasons : anti-kulak state policy , mandatory collectivisation and forceful grain procurement . 
   aid delivered by the russians to other ssr 's was not delivered to ukraine . 
  actually , about half of total aid was delivered to ukraine . 
  [ here are soviet documents on aiding ukraine ] ( http://mikle1.livejournal.com/3111743.html ), 
   if ukraine did not pay russia for gas in the early nineteens, 
  it 's nineties , of course . 
   everything that i have ever read indicates a strong policy of removing ukraine foodstores to other ssr 's , specifically targeting ukraine for this in strong contrast to the actions in other ssr 's . 
  it would be interesting to read what you 've read . 
  i do n't have information about targeting ukraine specifically ; anti-kulak policy and agricultiral collectivisation ( which sometimes resulted in peasants destroying food and cattle just so it can not be confiscated ) affected all ussr . 
  for example , [ this study ] ( http://www.international.ucla.edu/article.asp?parentid=3838 ) says that `` soviet state procurement policies clearly contributed to the famine , but it was not a grand design on the part of the bolsheviks , nor was it entirely directed at ukrainians . 
  he [ author of the study ] argued that the famine was an accidental consequence of ill-conceived policies , and that ukraine suffered inordinantly for demographic reasons . '', 
  nazis did just fine without any god back then . 
  do you have any data or , you know , ` because russia ' ? 
  there were reports of outstanding corruption in eu . 
  it would be interesting to compare it to russia . 
  [ this flag ? 
  ] ( http://en.ria.ru/sochi2014/20140221/187761334/short-track-russias-viktor-ahn-storms-to-second-gold-in-sochi.html ) i believe it 's '' \u0421\u043f\u0430\u0441\u0438\u0431\u043e '' ( `` spasibo '' , `` thank you '' ) . 
  russian tv managed to cover this glitch , but ( 1 ) it was not perfect cover up ( 2 ) it was never concealed or something . 
  tv cover up was merely to maintain holiday spirit , and this glitch was openly admitted shortly after the opening ceremony . 
   russians only a few years prior massacred millions of ukrainians through taking away all of their crops, 
  this is a myth . 
  there was a terrible famine , but ussr actually * helped * ukraine to overcome it ( and , of course , not only ukraine was affected ) . 
  educate yourself starting with [ wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/causes_of_the_holodomor ) . 
  read it carefully and stop spreading propaganda . 
  of course i did . 
  did you ? 
  what makes you think that they did it ? 
  not quite correct . 
  several countries ( for example , uzbekistan and turkmenistan ) where conquered by russian empire only recently , about mid-xix century . 
  those countries have their own culture , history and language , and were not assimilated . 
  in other words , russian empire = / = russia . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  those territories were as russian as india was british . 
  texas talks english , has english history and all that . 
  uzbekistan and tajikistan have millennium old history , culture and language that are not at all related to russian ( except trade relations of course ) . 
  texas has very old history and culture that does not relate to usa . 
  comparing ancient culture that died before texas was a word to ancient but very well alive culture of central asian states is not a good idea at all . 
   it would take forever for that paper to be signed until it was ` lost ' . 
  how comes then that there were many legitimate protests ? 
  your data is obsolete , sorry . 
  you obviously do not know history . 
  [ `` ... the data show that births have held steady at their 2012 level while deaths have modestly decreased '' ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/markadomanis/2013/11/05/dying-russia-is-on-pace-to-record-natural-population-growth-in-2013/ ), 
  it would be nice to see some examples of alleged genocide commenced by russian state . 
  also it would be very nice of you to get your facts damn straight . 
  [ it was georgia who started massive assault by shelling tskhinvali . 
  ] ( http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/65469/charles-king/clarity-in-the-caucasus ), 
  ukrainian language was basically a dialect of russian ( or , to be more precise , they share common roots and started to diverse only relatively recently by historical merits ) . 
  grammar is very close , pronunciation differs less than common american/british rp . 
  lexicon is quite different though . 
  overall , some english dialects differ just a little bit less that russian and ukrainian . 
  you obviously have zero knowledge of history . 
  kievlan rus dissolved mostly by itself , and mongols finished it . 
  moscow gained power long after kievlan rus was no more . 
  eu investigators are not kgb propaganda . 
  `` the eu mission found little support for two of georgia 's main arguments about the origins of the war : that georgia was justified under international law in using military force to repel attacks on georgian villages by south ossetian militias , and that georgia was simply responding to a preplanned russian invasion force , which was already on georgian soil when the fighting began . 
  contra these claims , the report concludes that the georgian attack on tskhinvali ( especially the use of multiple rocket-launcher systems ) had no legal justification , and that `` there was no ongoing armed attack by russia before the start of the georgian operation . '''', 
  which ones : russian , ukraininan or kazakh ?
