  most unis are free for the first time if you pass the exams . 
  there are free housing programs for certain specialists ( for example , physicians and teachers willing to relocate and work in remote towns/villages ) . 
  why invent something new when there is something good and thoroughly tested ? 
  there is nothing political about the program itself . 
  there is nothing `` stalinist '' about this program . 
  but it is * not * stalin era program !, 
  it existed till the end of ussr and , in fact , was most widespread after stalin era , during sixties and seventies ( about 7 mil participants in 1948 compared to about 60 mil in 1977 ) . 
  in ussr culture it is associated with healthy life style , not something political . 
  oh , and it 's not for `` preparing youth for the army '' , there were five stages for people of all ages , and new program will be comprised of eleven stages from 6 to 70 years . 
  but no , putin is stalin now ( while also being hitler , let 's not forget about it ) . 
  that 's another question , 
  of course there was no profit , there is no point for city government to gain profit . 
  taxes are meant to be used , not stashed away . 
  i just wanted to compare the ... order of numbers . 
  compared to moscow profits and ( yes ) expenses , sochi does n't look that big . 
  i mean yes , of course it was big , but it 's not like it was enormous , nigh-impossible undertaking . 
   also i 've never seen anyone to rip his shirt . 
  maybe that 's because i 'm normally around people who wear ties . 
  i can vaguely remember something like that . 
  yes , there were no ties in about may be 1000 km . 
  there were plenty of samogon though . 
   he program was started in stalinist era . 
  there are many , many things that started in stalinist era . 
   all other uses of the program are secondary to that . 
  better half of the program is about people of age 30 and older . 
  healthy and fit population is good on many levels . 
   the source of inspiration is 100 % clear here . 
  yeah , if you really are into seeing things . 
   article nowhere says that `` putin is stalin now , '' that exists only in your head . 
  of course it does n't . 
  at least openly . 
  if you know what i mean . 
  obvious next step after ` basic ' basic is visual basic.net , which is exactly as powerful as c # ( and has more readable syntax if you ask me ) . 
  there is also vba that can do wonders in the right hands . 
   good . 
  so what ? 
  so why do you think that `` preparing youths for the army '' is primary goal and all others are secondary ? 
   if you are into truth , and not hiding obvious intentions . 
  those intentions being ... ? 
  it is not pointless at all . 
  crimea is very important strategically . 
   i only meant to say that uses in post-stalin ussr and cis were derived from the original stalin 's era use . 
  original stalin era gto was indeed for preparing youth for army . 
  its use after stalin was greately expanded and became general promoting of healthy life style . 
  ussr , yes . 
  you know , ussr is not only about bad things . 
  there were good things , great even . 
  things worth remembering and revitalizing . 
  and it does . 
  but it is not easiest language to learn , and it 's use is rather limited . 
   russia invaded a soveriegn nation . 
  that 's oversimplification . 
  ukraine is not completely independent nation to start with , their culture and language are closely related to russia ( as compared to , say , chechens or chukchi , whose roots are completely different ) . 
  next ( and far more important ) , sevastopol city and crimea were always * russian , and they were forcibly joined to ukraine during early ninetees when russia was incapacitated by first chechen war and general economy downfall . 
  to be more precise , crimea ( after khruschev ) answered to ukrainian ssr , but sevastopol still answered directly to rsfsr . 
  it is an error to ignore those intricacies and to simply state `` invasion to a sovereign nation '' . 
  * `` always '' meaning `` in the relevant timeline '' , of course . 
  it was once tatar , and greek before that , and so on , but that 's mean nothing in the current situation . 
  may be , may be . 
  my first encounters with php where a decade after my introduction to programming ; and after c , pascal , quickbasic and forth i found php a bit too ... eclectic and sometimes counter-intuitive . 
  but that 's just my experience , nothing more . 
  you seem to be well informed . 
  could you please provide specific numbers ? 
  i believe you 're working with window forms . 
  if so , then set doublebuffered property of your form to true . 
   so just to be clear , this property is located in the design tab of the form i am working in ? 
  yes . 
   also , i 'm very new to programming and this language , is it correct that this is vb.net ? 
  and would the ide be visual studio ? 
  i do n't quite understand . 
  how is it possible to start an application without knowing it 's name ? 
  crimea , as an autonomous republic , had their own laws , their own constitution and their own president back then in ninetees . 
  it all was stripped by ukrainian government , sevastopol was forced to join ukraine by military force . 
  but that 's ok , right ? 
  it makes russia weaker , so that 's ok . usa pours billions upon billions to ukrainian opposition and does n't even makes it a secret . 
  and fuck russia too , because ukraine in flames makes russia weaker . 
  that 's not an invasion , no . 
  that 's just money , right ? 
  you know what ? 
  fuck global community . 
  crimea is russian . 
  deal with it . 
  ~ ~ somehow you forgot that estonia was part of russian empire since 1721 . ~ ~ edit : herp derp, 
   poverty is quite big too in russia, 
  according to index mundi ( and in turn to cia factbook ) :, 
  france - population below poverty line : 7.8 % ( 2010 ), 
  poland - population below poverty line : 10.6 % ( 2008 est. ), 
  russia - population below poverty line : 12.7 % ( 2011 ), 
  germany - population below poverty line : 15.5 % ( 2010 est. ), 
  italy - population below poverty line : 19.6 % ( 2011 ), 
  oh , somehow i 've missed it . 
   being under russia for a few hundred years does n't make it `` ancient russian land '' . 
  i do n't quite get your point . 
  since when it 's not normal to use statistic data in discussion ? 
  it ca n't be compared precisely , of course . 
  but it can be used for rough estimates . 
  and it 's certainly much better than vague words about how `` poverty is quite big in russia '' . 
  also , [ there are other indicators ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/facts/topics/poverty ) , if you feel the need to go deeper . 
  for example , we can compare [ russia , poland and india poverty headcount ratio at $ 1.25 a day ( ppp ) ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/facts/indicators/si.pov.dday/compare?country=ru#country=in:pl:ru ) , so we can see what real poverty is . 
  ok , just to make it obvious enough .
