  do you mean that talk about velen 's son and how `` the light died here '' ( iirc ) , or was there some continuation ? 
   black earth, 
  surprisingly , the correct word is russian : [ chernozem ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/chernozem ) . 
  talented seed is the best aoe i ever had . 
  i do n't care about effectiveness ( although i think it 's okayish at least ) , i just love those serial xplosions . 
  this works both ways , actually . 
  if you want to roll through the content at max speed , you should queue with your equally experienced friends , not with bunch of `` slow casuals '' . 
  do n't let this stop you from trying tanking or healing . 
  it 's not that hard , at least in lfd , and even if there 's some jerk in your group , tanks and healers do have some authority even if they 're newbies . 
  dps queue length tells it all . 
  get 4 friends of ur if u wan na go fast instead of ruining the experience of people discovering new zones and encounters . 
  see , it works both ways . 
  actually , if you want that gear real fast , it makes sense to party up with experienced players , so why lfd at all ? 
  lfd is a community pool of players not your hand picked whatever . 
  whatever pet you like , because with our silly self heal you can face tank all the mobs you can pull ( except elites , of course ) . 
  stay away from singularity , it pull so much neutral mobs ... unless it 's your thing to pull them all !, 
  all in all , just about any build will work , affli warlock leveling is smoothest ever . 
  destro is good too btw , just not as tanky , not even close . 
  wrong expansion , dude . 
  leveling by doing quests is faster and actually kinda required since no world quests unless friendly with all isles . 
  talented seed is fine , actually , bordering on great in my books . 
  trigger it by drain , aka filler that does more damage than `` main '' dots . 
  so much blinking around running from things you accidentally aggroed , you mean ? 
  seriously , i 've tried so many times to mage . 
  bgs are fun and all , but world pve is so ... clumsy . 
  like , why should i mighty mage ever think about can or can not i pull dat rare over here when on my warlock i can pull it , half of the zone with it , and collect my precious ore while curses and demons do their thing . 
  i 'm hardly a veteran , been playing on my lock since late cata through mop to early wod , and got back on the train couple of months before legion . 
  anyways , warlocks are not that bad . 
  actually , i ca n't imagine maining any other class because i so like that self-reliance ( and also ca n't stand hunters who are also share this trait , but also are extremely simplistic to my taste ) . 
  granted , i 'm filthy casual who cares much more about exploring the world than about top notch performance in the raids , so there 's that . 
  except for demons ... affli just throw hands in the air doing ( visually ) nothing except for artifact ability which is exactly the same effect veng dh have ( consuming the souls ) , and the filler spell effect is unchanged for at least five years . 
  funny thing is that there were new effects ( malefic grasp , haunt buff ) but they were all removed . 
  destro portals are cool , but again , that 's the only new thing since the start of mop . 
  demo got a pair of fel puppies instead of meta and all its effects ; and also talented filler `` nuke '' ( quotes for laughable damage ) which looked nice with big dark meta model now looks just plain silly ( especially considering that all that massive swirling of shadowfire hits for less than one autoattack of our demon ) . 
  so yeah , most of warlock visuals are outdated and not satisfying at all . 
  ] ( http://www.zakonrf.info/uk/128.1/ ) \u041f\u0443\u043d\u043a\u0442 4 . 
  it gets a lot more cringy when you actually play a dh , since all the dh npcs still say that to you . 
  a lot . 
  considering that player dh is somewhere around the top of their command chain and not just some random troop ... it 's really breaks the immersion . 
  if you want real warlock survivability , do n't play destro . 
  the only problem i as affli could possibly have with 2 + mil mobs is falling asleep . 
  class trials are out , so you can just create a warlock and try it yourself ( only one spec though , affli if i 'm not mistaken ) . 
  it 's an option yo choose when creating a character . 
  personally , warlocks are more or less fine . 
  i could n't care less about topping dps meters unless the damage is n't there at all , but it is . 
  what warlock is for me is that self-reliant loner who want absolute power to do anything by himself , for he has few friends or allies . 
  as for now , this class fantasy is fulfilled completely , in soloing warlock is exceptionally powerful . 
  legion engineering is plain out broken . 
  most items are consumables with ridiculous cost , even new robot now costs materials for each summon . 
  815 ilvl headgear recipe is locked behind 840 + ilvl mythic-only dungeon , how 's that ? 
  i 've switched to ench/tailor , at least disenchanting is rather profitable right now , and serious enchants ( which i do n't have yet ) are always wanted . 
  thankfully , the most useful engineering trinket ( glider ) is cheap and available for all . 
  you 're specifying wrong font name . 
  it 's `` dejavu sans mono '' . 
   a hunter might be better/easier, 
  they are pretty much on the opposite sides of solo play difficulty . 
  blizzard even suggests hunter for people who prefer soloing . 
  the only thing i can see is elf ears clipping through the headgear . 
  on a damn drawing . 
  damn . 
  gear up . 
  it really gets better . 
  i 'm about 820 now , and easily do about 150k in heroics as a destro , single-target specced , and my rotation is n't nearly as perfect as it could be . 
  affli is a bit trickier , but in dungeons with lots of trash aoe affli performs okayish too . 
  it 's too early to judge classes . 
  numbers will be fixed , that 's not a problem . 
  rotation , artifact traits , pvp balance , all that is another matter completely , but i 'm pretty sure warlock will be competitive dps-wise in pve . 
  already is , actually , with decent gear , though at least some tuning is obviously needed . 
  mages have outstanding mobility and far better control , though . 
  i 'm not well versed in their artifacts , but at least fire gets significant healing on blink , that 's already on par with what destro gets if not better . 
  pls no . 
  soul shards were nice little things . 
  those damned balls , on the other hand , are obnoxious as hell . 
  getting felo ` melorn on my mage alt without learning about , ah , implications was a really big mistake , now she just sits idly in her garrison 'cause i simply ca n't stand it . 
  eh , it 's not that bad usually . 
  maybe it 's a eu thing , but as for now dungeons ( normals and heroics at least ) are pretty chill . 
  even on wipe it 's mostly a discussion on what went wrong or an explanation of some mechanic somebody did n't knew about rather than stupid rage . 
  this is what helped me ( original forum thread is removed it seems ) :, 
  1 ) level up to 102, 
  2 ) activate off-spec that you want the 2nd artifact for, 
  3a ) if you are in your class hall : go to dalaran , relog , go back to class hall, 
  3b ) if you are outside of class hall : relog , go to class hall, 
  4 ) you should see someone offering a quest for the artifact in your class hall, 
  python is n't weakly typed , though . 
  it 's dynamically typed , but its type system is quite strict . 
  weak typing basically means implicit conversions between types ( which can lead to rather bizarre results like in ops case ) . 
  first , there are two things off in your judgement : tanks and < 110 lvl people . 
  tanks currently deal absolutely crazy aoe damage , it 's not uncommon for them to deal top dps ( at least in dungeons ) . 
  with people who are not 110 yet , there is scaling in work and it could give rather strange results . 
  that said , not only warlocks are n't in a particularly good place right now , they are also very gear-dependent . 
  so gear up , level up your artifact , it gets better . 
  it 's not blizz , though , it 's players . 
  this is simply untrue . 
  it was n't blizzard who blew the whole `` warlocks do n't do any damage '' thing way out of proportion . 
  this is super funny , considering that those some of those `` better '' classes are actually worse . 
  not by much , but still . 
  rejecting adequate dpser for his spec dealing like 10 % less than average damage is retarded unless we 're speaking world first runs or something like that . 
  it is very sad when people do n't have the slightest idea what they 're talking about . 
  hint : affli = / = demo . 
  yes , it is important , unless trash dies so fast your dots do n't do anything .
