  they wanted more autonomy , they wanted federalization , because they 've had enough with kiev dictating over them . 
  all the info is in the open , just google for it . 
   it says it in the article, 
  the article must be wrong then . 
   usualy from the russian side, 
   lithuania, 
  something 's telling me that you do n't know history very well . 
  i do n't see how what happened 70-100 years ago is more relevant than what happened 500 year ago , in the context of contemporary political decisions . 
  and all this is related to contemporary * political decisions * how , exactly ? 
  it seems that you ca n't into logic . 
  sad . 
  dude , read the actual law pls , not its shitty media misinterpretation . 
   the problem is that the law is very broadly worded, 
  it is not . 
  that 's complete bullshit . 
  did you read the actual law ? 
  what 's the first few words of definition of the law 's subject ? 
  hearsay is just that : hearsay . 
  are there cases of this law being abused ? 
   this enables shitheads to get away with their gay bashing . 
  how , exactly ? 
   russia has been a threat to livonian order, 
  yeah , russia always was a pretty threating country : it fights back when attacked . 
  how about no ? 
  it attacked russia several times , commonwealth did that too . 
  if military assault is n't a threat i do n't know what is . 
  please tell how many times did livonian order attacked russia , and how many times russia did attacked livonian order . 
  the same for commonwealth . 
  no , because there is no link whatsoever between those thugs and the law in question . 
  it does not `` enable '' no one to `` get away with their gay bashing '' . 
  the law system is n't about some `` signals '' . 
  i must repeat my question : were there any cases of abuse of the anti-propaganda law ? 
  and , by the way , if you still want to talk about `` signals '' , how about physical assault being strictly unlawful in russia , no matter who is victim ? 
   do you remember also the cops in that documentary that wont let the thugs freely attack the peaceful protestors ? 
  yeah , i remember that guy bullshitting about how police can detain ( not `` arrest '' , btw ) them under any excuse , where in fact you just must declare a protest before , well , actual protesting . 
  ( protest law in russia is declarative , not permissive . ), 
   letting lgtb folks getting oppressed . 
  but are they oppressed ? 
  what are the statistics , compared to other countries ? 
   the police let the attackers beat them up, 
  what moment of the video are you talking about ? 
   have you missed all the crap about protesting that they only require of lgtb protestors but not others ? 
  yes , i was too busy watching crap about how those protestors did n't managed to get a permit for protesting ( which is kind of impossible because permits are not required for protesting , according to russian law ) . 
  tell that to the guy who brought up livonian order ( ceased to exist in 16 century iirc ) . 
  edit : ah , * you * are this guy . 
  well ... 
  so , why do n't you answer my first question ? 
  there is no proper answer to it in that `` documentary '' . 
  no , because obviously the whole problem is a classic example of making a mountain out of molehill for ~ ~ propaganda ~ ~ some reasons . 
  because if one makes up list of hate crimes against lgbt in russia and compares it to usa , there remains only one question : why that flick , `` hunted '' , was shot in russia ? 
  whatever . 
  obviously you prefer emotional propaganda to cold hard facts , so i see no point in further discussion . 
   russia has a worse track record of police brutality than the us does . 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
   russia has a worse track record of police brutality than the us does . 
  i 'm sorry , but you have n't provided any comparative material . 
   they can right their situation with a very simple withdrawal and acknowledgement of ukrainian sovereignty over crimea . 
  that situation has nothing to do with ukrainian crisis . 
  it is a side effect of saudis economically attacking usa 's fracking industry . 
  nope , you 're wrong . 
  [ that 's what i 've found on shutterstock ] ( http://www.shutterstock.com/pic-9270841/stock-photo-shopping-couple-smiling-isolated-over-white-background.html?src=ps5dwrry6s3ebrius8ikra-1-1&amp;pl=77643-108110 ) , and here is [ another version with different lighting ] ( http://www.shutterstock.com/pic-36161740/stock-photo-shopping-smile-couple-at-the-mall.html?src=ps5dwrry6s3ebrius8ikra-1-1&amp;pl=77643-108110 ) which looks a bit more natural . 
  i think it 's badly shot photo that was overshopped in attempt to fix the lighting . 
   also , as you can see i have used a very large double array , is there any memory efficient way to calculate the nth number without using arrays , just simple initialized variables ? 
  you need only two previous numbers from the sequence to calculate nth fibonacci number . 
   i was trying to write the result in a file but it says ofstream identifier not defined even when everything else seems correct . 
  most probably you forgot to use proper namespace ( somethingsomething vs std : : somethingsomething ) . 
   but for that you need to have the generators first . 
  those were sent with the very first convoy iirc . 
   what are they generating electricity for ? 
  hospitals ? 
  watched it twice . 
  plot is rather meh , sadly , not without flaws of various severity ( that said , it is still infinitely better than most of contemporary movies ) . 
  visuals , music and overall emotional setup is superb though . 
  true space sci-fi revitalized . 
   sure it powers up over the half of the energy usage but at the same time it could kill us all if something happens . 
  chernobyl short-term effects : 203 people were hospitalized immediately , of whom 31 died ( 28 of them died from acute radiation exposure ) . 
  long-term effects : health officials have predicted that over the next 70 years there will be a 2 % increase in cancer rates in much of the population which was exposed to the 5 -- 12 ebq ( depending on source ) of radioactive contamination released from the reactor . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/effects_of_the_chernobyl_disaster#short-term_health_effects_and_immediate_results ), 
  compare that to other energy incidents : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy_accidents, 
  bitcoin could n't handle required amount of transactions . 
  sadly , not possible . 
  some key devices inside the phone ( like cellular transmitter ) require closed-source drivers . 
  there were efforts to develop completely open-source phone , but as far as i know they went nowhere . 
  you 're about 7 years late . 
  klava.org is one of the best . 
  tried it . 
  interesting idea , awful implementation . 
  at about 50 % it became too dull and unfun . 
  source : am russian . 
  russian pronunciation is actually rather straight-forward , it is enough to learn [ how to pronounce each letter ] ( http://masterrussian.com/blpron.shtml ) , pronounced words are composed of individual letters just like in writing . 
  there are subtleties of course , but nothing compared to , say , english ; trickiest things are proper stress which is rather important ( can completely change meaning of some words ) , and some sounds that are just non-existent in english ( like \u0445 , which sounds like scottish ` ch ' ) . 
  you can copy-paste words to google translate and use its speech engine , it is quite good ( although it sometimes messes up stress ) . 
   need a pen pal ? 
  thanks , but no , not really , i 'm rather uncommunicative type . 
  could n't care less about general opinion ( pshe pshe though lol ) , but poland gave birth to stanislaw lem , one of the greatest thinkers and writers of the twentieth century . 
  that 's pretty big if you ask me , something that makes one respect polish culture . 
  til . 
  great works . 
  thanks !, 
   and many who are kidnapped end up committing suicide,
