  oh , and idea of early independence is not exactly popular here ( although some of my former school/uni friends `` flew in the wild '' in their early twenties ) . 
   a typical russian person has about 2-3 good sweaters , 2-3 decent pairs of pants , and a couple of shirts/tops/dresses . 
  that 's not typical , that 's on the lower end of income . 
   with seasonal sales and clearance in their newborn stage, 
  do n't really know where you got that from . 
  $ 500 being 12,500 roubles ? 
  that 's not average , that 's pretty low . 
  many people still work for that , being too passive and pessimisting to search for better options . 
  huh , i 've erred with math somehow . 
  shame on me . 
  it 's not only that . 
  almost everything except hi-tech is way cheaper here . 
  [ entire collection with geo location ] ( http://www.prokudin-gorsky.org/geocat.php?lang=en ), 
   there was no pressing russian security concern at risk . 
  ever heard of preemptive action ? 
   russian population of ukraine , to whom russia has no sort of social contract obligations ? 
  formal obligations , no . 
  you underestimate family and cultural ties though . 
   ukraine would undertake the impossible task of evicting russia from the base at sevastopol, 
  i do n't think that would be impossible with usa help . 
   pre-empting before even trying to use political or diplomatic means -- or even economic coercion -- to try to ensure the respect of russian interests ? 
  what ? 
  are you living under rock or something ? 
  that one ? 
  wow . 
  that 's some shit . 
   many , many crimeans ( 73 % in 2011 , even more in the mainland ) consider ukraine to be their motherland . 
  it seems that they are quite happy to ( re ) join russia now , though . 
   and what are you referring to with your third point ? 
  there were plenty of diplomacy and negotiations from russian side , finishing with the agreement of 21 february , that was ditched by the opposition the next day . 
  or may be , just may be , it 's crimeans who rushed to the opportunity to get rid of ukraine before another `` train of friendship '' arrives with svoboda thugs . 
  i wonder how many will read entire article and not just sensationalist title . 
  mid - and late eighteens were in fact pretty shitty . 
  like , waiting for hours in line for buying basic food . 
  or like i still associate oranges with new year 's eve because in my childhood oranges were strictly for major holidays . 
   you still have to bribe your doctor to get proper treatment . 
  this one contradicts strongly with my experience . 
  i must 've missed something , would you please point to that part of the article ? 
   this is the tartar native homeland that stalin forced them out of . 
  go learn some history , dude . 
   if ukraine was cool with them living there ** ( which it was ) **, 
  source ? 
  1835 -- 279,400 ( 83.5 % crimean tatars , 4.4 % russians , 3.1 % ukrainians, 
  1897 -- 546,700 ( 35.6 % crimean tatars , 33.1 % russians , 11.8 % ukrainians ,, 
  1939 -- 1,123,800 ( 49.6 % russians , 19.4 % crimean tatars , 13.7 % ukrainians ,, 
  deportation was in 1944 . 
   tatars can not own their historic lands, 
   many crimean tatars have taken over unclaimed land, 
  does not compute . 
   they returned , their original lands and holdings had been taken over , so they took whatever unregistered land they could find . 
  ... so the land they took is now their historical land all of sudden , and therefore the article says that tatars are being stripped of their historical land . 
  1939 -- 1,123,800 ( 49.6 % russians , 19.4 % crimean tatars , 13.7 % ukrainians , [ ... ], 
  deportation was in 1944 . 
  i do n't think that they have the right to claim random parts of crimea as their own . 
  tatars became a minority long before deportation , so crimea is a homeland to many other people besides them . 
  my point is that tatars became a minority long before deportation , so crimea is a homeland to many other people besides them . 
  they do n't have the right to return , point to random part of the land and claim it as their own . 
  you asked for a source that shows that ukraine was not `` cool '' with tatars living there . 
  i provided you two . 
   but the previous government of ukraine allowed it . 
  they did n't . 
  lack of proper legislation proves it . 
   russians has a homeland beyond crimea , tatars do not . 
  so what ? 
  they suddenly have the right to push russians from the lands that were lost to russians centuries ago ? 
  anyways , nobody is moving tatars from crimea . 
  government was not ok and crimeans were definitely not ok with tatars squatting there . 
  if you want more , there is more :, 
  i do n't want to discuss who was right and who was wrong there , but that 's infinitely far from `` ukraine was cool with them living there '' . 
  yeah , i misread him . 
  i guess i 've read a bit too much `` crimea was 100 % tatar before stalin '' b/s lately . 
  modern digital photos are done the same way , basically . 
  as far as i know , this insignia is not used by russian military . 
  it seems that rumors of `` russian blackwater '' may be more than just rumors . 
  edit : spelling . 
  war hysteria on russian television ? 
  the author is delusional . 
  rutracker.org has tons of scanned books , you can start [ here ] ( http://rutracker.org/forum/viewforum.php?f=1415 ) ( books for pre-school and junior grades ) . 
  name one region , one country free of ethnic/racial scapegoating . 
  antarctica , may be ? 
  may be because ukraine had more than twenty years to do something . 
  now they are doing significantly worse than russia , and while russia has more resources , there were ( and are ) more troubles as well . 
   large demonstrations when you 're re-elected in disputed elections, 
  look up approval ratings history . 
  not everyone in russia supported those demonstrations . 
  crimea was ukrainian for like twenty years ; it was russian for like three centuries . 
  ~ 20 years in ukraine . 
  before that , in ussr . 
  and if you go as far as 350 years ago , why not go further ? 
  i do n't see the point of bringing this up . 
  for any practical reason , crimea was russian for about as long as usa exists . 
   just because it used to belong to russia a long time ago, 
  not a long time . 
  centuries in russian empire , almost a century in ussr and only then twenty or so years in independent ukraine . 
  after ussr dissolution crimea remained ukrainian as autonomous republic , but that autonomy was soon stripped by mainland government . 
  less implying , more facts . 
  as i get it , reported smugglers supplied luxury brand pistols . 
  it 's not `` powering islamists with weapons '' , it 's `` selling illicit toys to rich kids '' . 
  they eat truth , obviously . 
  nobody is trying to make kadyrov national icon , that 's the difference .
