  one example : my city had important factory that made hitech ` classified ' components for military ( ` classified ' on paper , but everybody knew that they make high precision gyroscopes for missiles and aircrafts ) . 
  then ` conversion policy ' hit , the factory must produce civilian products instead . 
  i do n't remember exactly what they made , toasters or something very primitive like that . 
  it was extremely funny at first , not so much a bit later though . 
   war started by putin 's government, 
  proof or gtfo . 
  ato operation was started by poroshenko . 
  it is ukrainian military who chose to fire heavy artillery in the general direction of the rebels instead of using more precise tactic . 
   never have i heard or seen fascist or `` nazi '' ukrainians , so please be wary of `` news '' reiterating that nonsense . 
  so is it ` nonsense ' or ` minority ' ? 
  i am confused now . 
   i think it is very interesting that you have found a video of youth demonstrating against russia . 
  it is not youth demonstrating against * russia * . 
  they demonstrate against * russians * . 
  to be more specific , they are shouting * to kill russians * . 
  it is not just ` anarchy ' . 
  you ca n't dismiss something like this as just another ` foolish youth ' stunt . 
  and you ca n't dismiss something like this because it is , you know , just a minority . 
  minorities can grow , and if * this * minority is allowed to grow , things can go very bad very quickly . 
   the berkut have been issued russian passports upon arrival . 
  i wonder why . 
  you are evading my question . 
   let 's take a look at outcome of rada elections in crimea in 2010 provided by the journal of international affairs , 2010 . 
  please take note of the minute support `` russkaye yedinstvo '' ( my apologies , i have no russian or ukrainian keyboard ) and then the outcome of the 2014 referendum provided by rt ( although i do n't recommend that source , what matters are the numbers ) . 
  quite a jump in support , is n't it , from 4.02 % to 96.77 % ? 
  are you aware that you 're comparing incomparable numbers ? 
  one is vote for support a political party , another is vote for independence from ukraine and rejoining with russia . 
  one was in 2010 , another in 2014 . 
  let 's look at public opinion polls :, 
  here we see that while the majority wants autonomy within ukraine , pro-russian minority is quite significant ( if 33 % of a region want to join another country , there is a problem ) . 
  i remind you that those polls took place before maidan events , when it was relatively calm . 
  and another poll after ` annexation ' :, 
  `` the survey of crimeans after the russian takeover showed they are overwhelmingly happy to be part of russia , with nearly three-quarters of those surveyed saying their life will improve as part of russia rather than ukraine . '', 
   what was he supposed to do , have them have their way with sovereign soil ? 
  i do n't know , may be * talk * with them ? 
   i take it that you are russian , so please take note of the numerous instances where your country has protected its national grounds from insurgencies the exact same way ukraine does now , like the first ( source : globalsecurity.org ) and second chechen wars ( source : cambridge university press ) . 
  the difference is that in the first chechen wars chechens committed a brutal ethnical cleanse against russians , and in the second chechen war it was de-facto independent chechnya who attacked russia . 
  by the way , you know how second chechen war have been ended ? 
  * talks * between russia and chechen separatists . 
   i 'm afraid the only sources you provided are wikipedia and some random fascist blog . 
  please provide either research papers or trustworthy news citations for enhanced credibility of your claims . 
  wikipedia pages i 've linked have all the historical documents . 
  enjoy your reading . 
  as for ` fascist blog ' , what is important is the pictures . 
  though you can just do google picture search for ` ukraine wolfsangel ' . 
   care to clarify ? 
  i know all of that . 
  there are already talks undergoing about importing some meat from south america . 
  meanwhile local-made meat will increase in price , resulting in larger profits ( although medvedev today ordered to monitor and control the prices so the whole situation will not get out of hand ) . 
   there have long been a problem with shitty usa eu food in russia . 
  this food is cheap , almost without taste and full of other stuff that does n't make it healthy . 
  russians try to choose from domestic products , but they just do n't exist as there are so many cheap european ones . 
  last time i 've bought imported food was in this january when i saw polish turkey sausages and bought a pair out of curiosity . 
  ( i hope you wo n't count scotch as a food lol . 
  sausages were meh by the way . ), 
  am i living in an alternate reality or what ? 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/24/us/politics/montana-senator-john-walsh-plagiarized-thesis.html?_r=2 ), 
  first it 's ` there are no nazi in ukraine and i 've never heard about them ' , now it 's ` harmless minority ' . 
  first it 's ` what atrocities of ukrainian nationalists ' , now tens of thousands slaughtered civilians - women and children included - are ` juvenile mistakes ' . 
  you know what ? 
  go to hell . 
  this is all i have to say to you . 
  you should always address people you do n't know as ' \u0432\u044b ' ( plural , like ` you ' in english ) . 
  friends you address as ' \u0442\u044b ' ( singular , like ` thou ' in old english ) . 
  addressing unknown ( or known , but , ah , distant ) people as ' \u0442\u044b ' is considered rude and insulting ( except when addressing kids ) . 
  hellos and goodbyes are aligned with addressing ` mode ' :, 
  initially , not intentionally . 
   yeah , right , because it 's not like sams always launch two missiles at the same target or anything . 
  on that video with buk returning to russia only one missile was missing . 
  please show one evidence that clearly shows arms crossing the border . 
  please show one evidence of arms bearing foreign markings . 
  i mean , modern arms , clearly unavailable to anyone besides russian army . 
  ` identified to have russian markings ' . 
  some guy in some video on internets just tells that it was identified , and you are believing him ? 
  and somehow this guy fails to note that dobropolie ( where this grad was ` found ' ) is deeply on the territory controlled by ukainian military . 
   the buk system that shot down mh17 was of russian origin . 
  oh , the investigation has been completed ? 
  did n't knew it , please link the source . 
  also , none of the photos shows the buk * system * . 
  they only show buk telar which , while able to operate autonomously , has very limited target acquisition capabilities . 
  if russia was able to provide numerous heavy military machines , why it was not able to provide all three components of buk ? 
   but of course any of this is unlikely to convince you . 
  any of this is likely to convince only people who are prejudiced against russia . 
   russian government is supporting the separatists, 
  or sympathizers in russian military are supporting them unofficially and illegally . 
  or anti-russian sympathizers in chechnya are supporting ukrainian military by giving them the material for false flag operations . 
  or it was the guys of one of ukrainian oligarchs who just bought grad from corrupt russian military , following who know what agenda . 
  there are many possibilities , but somehow you chose only one . 
  multiple sources , not `` some guy '' . 
  multiple sources that repeat one primary source are , essentially , still ` some guy ' . 
   at the time was controlled by the separatists . 
  source on that ? 
  all articles/threads that discussed that event state the opposite . 
  even ukrainian defense ministry told that those were ` terrorists under national guard disguise ' . 
   buk telar has enough acquisition capability to shoot down a single target . 
  yes , if you know were in what sector this target is and if you 're fast enough to react in minute or two . 
  telar do n't have 360 degree radar , it 's quite narrow . 
  it is still possible , yes , but unlikely . 
   there are only two types of people who still talk about `` prejudice against russia '' , in mid-2014 : a ) russian nationalists , b ) trolls . 
  yeah , and you tell me this when there are multiple cases of western ( especially usa ) media reporting lies about russia and general public spreading it like fire .
