  since early august we 've hosted about 60 refugees ( almost half of that children , and several pregnant women ) . 
  no strain , it was all supervised and supported by red cross and mchs ( russian emergency agency ) . 
  they provided additional beds , clothes , strollers ( i believe that is correct word ? 
  ) , medical care etc. 
  classes are going to start soon , so local administration moved them to a more permanent place of living ( small village close to tambov ) . 
  from what i 've heard , tambov oblast hosts about 1000 refugees . 
  `` about rinf news, 
  launched in 2004 rinf alternative news is one of the uk 's first completely self-financed and 100 % independent news sources . '', 
  google for the volume and weight limit of kamaz trucks , google for average density of food , do some school-level physics . 
  it kind of obvious . 
  really . 
  trucks where checked by ukrainian border service and were found empty . 
  that is , on their way out . 
  they 've delivered almost 2000 tons of goods though , so they were hardly empty on the way in . 
  electronic components are affected by radiation as well . 
  mostly memory cells , if i 'm not mistaken ; radiation corrupts data and programs by randomly changing contents of computer memory . 
  as far as i know , there are no reports of rebels using hospitals or other important civilian buildings . 
  there are many reports of such buildings attacked by ukrainian army , but i do n't remember one fact justifying such an attack . 
  do you ? 
  it is true that the title is misleading . 
  original title ( a ) talks about * one * missing soldier who ( b ) * probably * was sent to ukraine . 
  and then most important part of the article :, 
  ( ` we do n't have any prisoners from russia ' , said colonel vitaly kashtanov from ukrainian ministry of defence . 
  i must add that it looks legit : [ there is colonel vitaly kashtanov in ukrainian mod ] ( http://for-ua.com/article/1039867 ) . ), 
  that again . 
  this is a photo of something moving to somewhere . 
  please note that you can change text to , say , ` armoured personnel carriers in ukraine move towards the poland border ' and you ca n't tell by the photo itself that text is or is n't correct . 
  that said , it is of course possible that it were indeed russian personnel carriers , and they indeed moved to ukraine border . 
  or not . 
  thanks to half-assed journalism , we do n't have any concrete facts . 
  i have that impression that the concept of reputable journalism goes out of the window when it 's about russia . 
  ( may be not only russia , but i 'm kind of less interested in other cases . ), 
  i was n't following the western press before about a year ago when the shitstorm about ` anti-gay law ' started . 
  after that , i saw all sorts of lies and misinformation in quite ` reputable ' sources like nyt or the guardian . 
  yes , it is may be hard to make a series of photos or a video that proves something beyond any reasonable doubt . 
  but after ` anti-gay ' hysteria and after what happened before and during sochi olympics i 'm not going to believe journalists just because he 's ` reputable ' . 
   grand duchy of moscow, 
  and guess what was predecessor of it . 
  in 12 century kiev rus dissolved to separate duchies , and then eventually one duchy started to became more powerful than others . 
   there was a lot of bad press during the anti-gay law, 
  i 'm not talking about ` bad press ' . 
  i 'm talking about outright * lie * . 
  starting from that nyt article that stated : [ `` the law could mean that any olympic athlete , trainer , reporter , family member or fan who is gay -- or suspected of being gay , or just accused of being gay -- can go to jail . '' ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/22/opinion/russias-anti-gay-crackdown.html?_r=0 ) while actual law not only had nothing to do with being gay ( that law is not about what you are , it is about what you do ) , ` going to jail ' is completely out of question because it 's administrative law , and you * simply ca n't go to jail * under administrative law in russia . 
  reputable reporter could 've wrote something like this : `` the law means that any olympic athlete , trainer , reporter , family member or fan who is caught spreading [ pro-gay materials ] ( http://www.queerty.com/photos-fckh8s-pro-gay-olympic-coloring-book-being-sent-to-10000-russian-kids-20131119 ) to minors could be fined for a whooping $ 150 '' . 
  but i guess that would n't sell good enough . 
  after all , it 's russia , who would be bothered enough to check the facts ? 
  well , there is that thing with the ruling family , which remained the same till the death of fyodor i. 
  so kiev rus is n't something unrelated , it 's direct ancestry ; same ruriks who ruled kiev rus ruled grand duchy of moscow ( and made it grand in the process ) . 
  ah , forgot about foreigners part . 
  yes , foreigners can be detained up to 14 days . 
  those tourists were detained for 8 hours though according to [ source ] ( http://www.gazeta.ru/social/2013/07/22/5492557.shtml ) . 
  still , jail is out of question ( administrative detainment and actual jail are completely different things ) , and of course it is not for just ` being gay ' or ` suspected of being gay ' . 
   the only two options on the ballots were `` join russia '' and `` get more autonomy for crimea '' . 
  `` stay with ukraine '' wasnt even an option . 
  this is incorrect . 
  the two options were :, 
  - vote for returning crimea to russia and, 
  - vote for restoring the constitution of crimean republic ( that was illegally scrapped by ukraine in 1992 because , well , they did n't liked autonomous crimea ) * and for crimea as a part of ukraine * . 
  what second option meant is that crimea stays in ukraine but as an autonomous republic with rights of chosing their business partners on their own , so when new shiny ukrainian government tells crimea to get rid of russian military base and to replace it with nato base , crimea has all the rights to tell mainland ukraine to get bent ( yes , obviously , it was all about this base ) . 
  crimea was autonomous from the start , so i personally fail to see anything wrong with the second option . 
   the russian perspective views belarussians , ukrainians , balts , and `` churks '' much in the same way as white americans viewed blacks , irish , and east europeans ... `` they 're all the same , just not people and not as good as us . '', 
  bullshit of this concentration is dangerous for humans , you know . 
  i mean , `` just not people '' , seriously ? 
  it can be true for muslim southerners in some circles ( ` rednecks ' ) , but for belarusians and ukrainians ? 
  nope . 
  not true . 
  balts are all nazis and fascists though ( again , in some redneck-like circles ) . 
   russian state propaganda has long tried to deny the existence of the ukrainian nation and rob ukrainians of their culture and language, 
  source on that , please ? 
  i was under impression that you were talking about more or less current situation . 
  also , if you consider russification of historically ukrainian regions bad , do you consider ukrainisation of historically russian regions bad too ? 
  first , i do n't see any map . 
  forgot the link ? 
  second , at least one region was clearly russian before it was transferred to ukraine by khrushchev . 
   i added the link soon . 
  title is in ukrainian . 
  how about neutral source ? 
   but even in crimea there were more ukrainians than russians in the early 20th century . 
  [ this article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_crimea ) contradicts your statement . 
  also , what exactly is ` ukrainian ' ? 
  because , well , i talked with refugees from eastern ukraine and i would n't call them ukrainians . 
  they speak russian , look russian , behave like russians . 
  i 'm asking this because of that map . 
  how one could tell eastern ukrainian from russian ? 
   so ukrainian sources are not neutral now ? 
  of course . 
   you could claim a source with title in russian is also not neutral . 
  yes you could , and rightfully so . 
   and it 's easy to tell an eastern ukrainian from a russian : he speaks ukrainian , a language very different from russian . 
  or at least he did , before he was forcibly russified in the 19th and 20th centuries . 
  what is now called ` eastern ukraine ' was historically called novorossia and it was part of russian empire . 
  and no , it was not a part of malorossia , and as far as i know they did n't speak malorossian ( ukrainian ) . 
  also , there was no ` forcible russification ' . 
  not nearly on the level required to force people of entire region to change the language they speak . 
  it did n't changed much in the western/central ukraine were people indeed spoke and speak ukrainian or at least surjik ( russian/ukrainian mix ) . 
   which was then settled by ukrainians, 
  and not russians ? 
  source on that , please . 
  that 's the first time i meet this ... theory . 
   eastern ukraine did n't belong to novorossia .
