  gorbachev was too . 
  you can not generalize the image of stalin to all communists , just like as one can not say ` all x are assholes ' because there is one x who indeed is an asshole . 
  nope . 
  hitler was not wonderful too , and since he was anticommunist , by applying your logic i label you as literally hitler . 
   yeah , they are not terrible . 
  but they are pretty bad for the price . 
  i do n't know , there must be a reason behind all local taxi businesses using ladas almost exclusively . 
  and no , high tax argument does n't works because some ` foreign ' cars are assembled in russia exactly because of high import taxes . 
  that 's my point exactly , lada is cheaper than most alternatives yet gets the work done . 
  renault logan costs about the same , but maintenance costs are higher . 
  i do n't follow your logic . 
  first you say that russian cars are too bad for that price , next we find out that there are almost no other cars for that price , yet they are still too bad ? 
   he is saying that the car is cheap by virtue of government duty on imported cars . 
  there are plenty of foreign cars assembled in russia to sidestep taxes . 
  5000 euros for a new car is cheap in europe too as far as i know , not only russia . 
   you 'd instantly have all the lada owners changing up their new russian cars for 10 year old german cars, 
  and have a nightmare with maintenance ? 
  nope , the cheapest option is used russian car , then used foreign car and only then new russian car ( assuming that we are talking about comparable cars ) . 
  i 'm sorry , i 've mistaken you for a reasonable intelligent being . 
  goodbye !, 
   russians absolutely fucking hate muslims . 
  your imaginary russians , may be . 
  in real world russia there are millions of muslims living peacefully . 
   which is mainly based on energy, 
  energy exports are about 15 % of russian gdp . 
  ethnic tatars , actually , and other ethnicities . 
  may be there are ethnic russian muslims , but such thing is extremely rare . 
   historically , ethnic russians are incredibly xenophobic . 
  please explain how comes then that there are more than hundred non-russian ethnicities living in russia and there are about 30 official languages besides russian ? 
   it 's that the majority of russians have extreme displeasure for muslims, 
  majority of russians do n't give a shit about muslims . 
   finally , and certainly ironically , the baltics were part of 2 empires long before russia came into existence , when the mongols invaded the region . 
  ( yes , it 's true , russians are not the `` true slavs '' . 
  they 're more commonly known as skiffs , a hybrid of brutal central asian migration and invasion . ), 
  whoa . 
  that 's a whole new level of wacky alternative history . 
  i have only one question for you : where did you get all this shit ? 
  ` original ukrainian ' , ` original russian ' , which was somehow ` more symbolic ' , ukraine somehow ` dating back ' to polish commonwealth ( whereas in * our * reality kievan rus , a ` precursor ' for both russia and ukraine , emerged and dissolved centuries before there was something that could be called ` polish commonwealth ' ) . 
  where do you get this wackiness ? 
  warlock from the start ( in late cata ) . 
  i 've tried other classes to some extent , but always returned to demon-controlling goodness . 
  green fire quest was a rough patch though , i went as far as deleting lock and rolling another , less complex class . 
  not once , but thrice . 
  yeah , it was a love-hate relationship i guess . 
  after all this i 'm finally determined to stay on warlocking the hell out of wow . 
  crapaway for , ah , crap away . 
  moveitall for moving it all to reasonable positions . 
  mikscrollingbattletext for greater awareness , and recount for measuring dicks . 
   the one on ~ ~ right ~ ~ left says freedom or death , one on ~ ~ left ~ ~ right heavenly ~ ~ hundreds ~ ~ hundred , glory to the heroes . 
  otherwise correct . 
  bioweapons can be far more dangerous and devastating . 
  nobody would care if there 's life left in the case of super-ebola apocalypse or something like that . 
  bioweapon damage is much harder to control and contain than any nuke . 
  oil and gas are like 15 % of russian gdp . 
  russia does n't export much because most of produced is consumed internally in this behemoth of a country . 
   the energy and military sectors are the backbone of the russian economy, 
  source ? 
  ( i 'm not arguing with it yet , but it would be good to have some base under such statements as yours . ), 
  eh , it 's 300mbps airmax bridge to 50mbps fiber , so i 'm pretty sure that adsl link is way slower . 
  poorest people were n't buying imported food to begin with . 
  same with clothes , they were buying cheap russian / byelorussian / turkish / chinese . 
   the massive famine they educed by , yknow , killing the people who made/farmed the fucking food that fed the people of their country, 
  this was not the cause for the holodomor . 
  there were several causes , including natural ( draught and plant diseases ) and human ( poor planning , requisition limits unadjusted for bad harvest , local resistance and sabotage etc. 
  ) , but imaginary ` genocide of kulaks ' was not the cause . 
   they set up propaganda to say that these farmers were in a position of power , because they were suppliers, 
  the word ` kulak ' ( literally means ` the fist ' ) originates from before 1917 revolution , and it means wealthy farmer * who abuses his neighbors * economically and otherwise : for example , lending grain or other food in bad harvest year and then forcing insane interest , often with the help of hired goons ( hence ` the fist ' ) . 
  unchecked capitalism at its worst . 
  so yeah , many of kulaks were pretty evil . 
  they were not ` killed ' though , they were forcibly relocated , and all your numbers are * grossly * exaggerated . 
  it 's `` 2 million of these ` kulaks ' were killed , which eventually resulted in nearly 15 million goddamn people starving to death '' that never happened , not actual collectivization , holodomor and other soviet deeds . 
  as far as i know , there is no historical proof to yours `` 2 million of these ` kulaks ' were killed ' '' . 
  please link * one * thread in / r/russia calling all ukrainians `` nazis '' or stfu . 
  well , i do n't have statistics , but i have an observation as a random internet guy who happens to live in a smallish russian city . 
  we 're having now a really serious problem with cars . 
  traffic jams are almost constant . 
  this city was not planned with this much cars in mind . 
  have an upvote for my favorite writer !, 
  actually , it is this vital . 
  there is no other port in black see for russian navy . 
  novorossiysk is being developed , but it far worse both strategically and ... ah , how to put it , there are really big problems with heavy winds coming down from mountains . 
  all in all , sevastopol is far far better than anything russian navy can get in the black see , at least in foreseeable future . 
  ... and you 're burdened by ignorant downvotes . 
  such is life . 
  the phrase `` if you can find a day that there is not a thread in / r/russia calling ukranians nazis , it 's a good day '' clearly means that ukrainians are labeled as nazis just because they are ukrainians . 
  which is not the case . 
  calling people names just because of their nationality is very different from talking about * some * ukrainians which are really neo-nazi or ultra-nationalistic ( so they are called nazis because they * are * , not because they are ukrainians ) . 
   no , simply that they 're talked about constantly as if they make up the majority, 
  no , because you do n't need neo-nazis to make up the majority for very bad things to happen . 
  german nazis were n't majority either , nor were bolsheviks in russia . 
  initially , at least . 
  in ukraine were have not just neo-nazis , but neo-nazis with some firepower and political weight . 
  political weight is not defined by seats in parliament alone . 
  there is no such measure . 
  not all in politics and sociology can be measured and numbered . 
   decrying the ukranians as nazis, 
  not ` the ukrainians ' , but members of specific political parties and paramilitary organizations , and for a reason . 
  ukrainians in general were never called ` nazis ' in / r/russia , as far as i can remember . 
  how about that ultimatum that right sector 's leader gave to the president of ukraine ? 
  as far as i know , it was at least partly fulfilled : all arrested right sector thugs were released .
