  not in python . 
   internet phone entertainment ( 15,000-20 ,000 ), 
  dude . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  just one example : i know a guy who managed to buy an apartment while working for a 20k salary . 
  granted , it is a small 1-room apartment bought for about 1 mil ( then ) , but still . 
  took him about 6 years . 
  from what i know , those were pretty hard years , but now he 's in his early 30s without having to worry about where to live . 
  i think [ this ] ( https://blog.luminoso.com/2012/08/20/fix-unicode-mistakes-with-python/ ) could help . 
   solo-play , pve, 
   mage, 
  just no . 
  you will suffer . 
  mage is all about mobility and killing the targets faster than they could get to you . 
  this obviously is n't possible ( or at least very hard ) with elites . 
  for solo warlock is okay , always was . 
  pet tank , pet - and self-healing , okayish to very good damage depending on spec and current patch . 
  never tried hunter , some say it 's better ; but from my experience ( late cata , half of mop and half of wod ) if warlock ca n't solo something , it 's just not soloable . 
  blood dk is also very good , considered a god of soloing by some . 
  i 've tried it in mop , did n't like . 
  do n't get me wrong , blood is exceptionally good at soloing , but its play style is just not my thing . 
  [ apparently , yes . 
  ] ( http://jedi.jedidjah.ch/en/latest/ ) never tried it , though , i only use vim for simple things like config editing . 
   it 's been so unreliable in the past, 
  ureliable in what way ? 
  strange . 
  i 've been using evernote for about 4 years on my pcs and mobile devices , and i ca n't remember any problems . 
  certainly nothing big , at least - i tend to forget small nuisances . 
   but the hard drive randomly working makes me eliminate the hard drive failure from the equation . 
  why ? 
  random errors certainly point to a hardware failure ( if they are indeed random ) . 
  software problems are almost always deterministic . 
  let 's clarify some things here . 
  first , have you installed tails to a usb stick ? 
  second , by `` the boot menu '' do you mean bios/uefi boot menu ? 
  so the hd disappears from bios boot menu when you 're trying to boot tails ; that is , when the usb stick is connected ? 
  and if you disconnect the stick , the hd appears 100 % time ? 
  settings -  language, 
  warlocks have zero mobility and exactly one castable control which could be interrupted , all while being cloth users . 
  even with those shields and self-healing , any warlock will bite the dust in no time if couple of competent melees are focusing him . 
  as for dps , do n't forget that those amazing dps numbers in bgs are in fact distributed among entire party , tickling everybody for a little , while warrior dps is mostly focused . 
   with every dot lasting at least 30 secs + and warlock dots all lasting up to 2 mins, 
  only corruption lasts 1 min ( not 2 ) . 
  all other dots are under 20 secs . 
  1v1 maybe . 
  but consider this : if it 's 2v1 , mage could control and disengage two melees . 
  warlock is almost helpless . 
  one spell lock on a 15 sec cooldown is manageable . 
  two are death . 
  what 's `` pre made '' about it , though ? 
  working as intended . 
  what 's the reason in ua if it does n't punish for dispell ? 
  eh , warlocks were always pretty good at soloing , old content or otherwise . 
  i do n't think that they 'll get ahead of bdks though : `` tank '' pet is no real substitute for a real tank with tons of hp and percentage-based healing that is a part of standard rotation . 
  engage ? 
  the proper term here would be `` destroy '' , i think . 
  seriously , a rogue that knows his shit is so much more dangerous than any `` unkillable '' warlock . 
  and on my mage alt ... oh the pain . 
  i never played bdks much , but i do n't feel that its self-healing is somehow lacking now compared to what it was in the mop ( never played bdk in wod ) . 
  it feels even more reliable , actually . 
  granted , my current bdk alt is 80-something , but most of the skills/talents are already there . 
  complaining ? 
  pvp servers allow some forms of harassment , it does n't mean that people doing this are good . 
  yeah , it 's a video game where you play with other people . 
  being an asshole is n't changed by a fact that it happens in a video game . 
  exactly . 
  people are given a chance to do pretty much whatever they want , and they choose to spend time ruining other people 's day , just because they can . 
  i do n't think such people would behave any different in `` real '' life , given the chance . 
  sad to be you , i suppose . 
  there is enjoying pvp , and then there is camping low-level graveyards and other such nice activities . 
  do you really think that a person who enjoys exploiting weak people in a video game would behave much different in the real life ? 
  people who play gta do n't enjoy exploiting other * people * last time i checked . 
  people who camp low-level players are well aware that it 's not just a computer-controlled 3d model , but an actual human being , and that actual human being feels helpless and frustrated . 
  and , apparently , they enjoy that , because there are no other reasons to do it . 
  oh sure , they worked or studied all day , came home and started wow to relax for an hour only to learn that some asshole across the world decided that this is not what they should do . 
  yes , it 's part of pvp . 
  it 's also bullying , and you ca n't make this sound okayish however hard you try . 
  the fact that blizz allows it is not an excuse . 
  how that differs from 20 + people from other countries , may i ask ? 
  first , you do n't get to say what i should or should not do . 
  second , and fare more important , you * still * do n't get it . 
  how can a person who bullies people in a video game , who is after an easy harassment - how such a person could be any different in the real life ? 
  online games are just another form of communication , after all , and `` this is a pvp server '' is not an excuse for being an asshole . 
   the fact, 
  more like `` the myth '' . 
  no , he was not implying that persons who enjoy such activities would necessarily `` kill people and shit '' , that 's you trying to read between the lines . 
  what he was actually saying is this : people that enjoy that kind of pvp where the one side is in no danger at all and the other has little options besides logging out , who enjoy that helplessness of the `` opponent '' , could hardly be good persons in the real life , and their actions are only limited by the fear of the law . 
  easily , by being a hear-tell without any factual evidence and , more importantly , without any complaints to blizz . 
  i very much doubt that they would n't address the issue if it was indeed not a myth . 
  from my personal experience , i have never noted any difference when players from russian servers are queued against eu ; our melees have no troubles hitting them when they got the ball rolling . 
  nor there where any difference back then when it was me who played on russian servers . 
  random/shitty names really break immersion , for me at least . 
  superb web clipper , mobile sync that actually works , years of using without major problems . 
  i used onenote for a couple of months , sadly sync takes ages , and it crashes constantly on my ipad mini . 
  but but muh world peeveepee !, 
  i 'm not sure , but i have that feeling that it has something to do with me being in europe ( russia ) . 
  onedrive is also slow here , much slower than other cloud services . 
  maybe for us users it 's better . 
  you can do backup with evernote too , if you have windows or os x client . 
  it stores everything in several files under database folder ( [ exact location and more instructions here ] ( http://www.howtogeek.com/163349/how-to-backup-your-evernote-notebooks-just-in-case/ ) ) , just mark it in your backup tool of choice and you 're good to go .
