  i like your logic . 
  it seems that only countries in the world that make something are china , taiwan , malaysia , south korea , germany , russia and belarus . 
  well , that 's based on things around my house . 
  sturdy thing . 
  there are all kind of jokes about how kamaz hits something on the road with grave consequences for that something . 
  ` five eyes ' dominance , not ukraine , of course . 
  i do n't think that there are places in russia that are even comparable in poverty to , say , india or brazil . 
   but have you ever heard of russia making a vaccine ? 
  actually , russia makes all kind of things . 
  vaccines ( and other medicine ) included . 
  most of it is consumed domestically , because there is little point exporting it to already saturated markets ( and import taxes make competition even harder ) . 
   russia may not be producing civilian products or consumer goods, 
  actually , russia does produce all kinds of civilian products and consumer goods . 
  some may be sub-par in design or quality , but hey , only twenty years ago russia was in ruins after ussr collapse . 
   in brazil the gdp per capita is $ 11000 . 
  in all regions of brazil ? 
  doubt it . 
  also , gdp per capita is a very poor indicator to evaluate poverty levels . 
  care to provide an example or two ? 
  you know , just to put weight in your argument . 
   where did i say that ? 
  nowhere . 
   there are many regions within the russian federation where the gdp per capita is under $ 3000 . 
  in brazil the gdp per capita is $ 11000 . 
  why then compare some regions in russia with average brazilian gdp ? 
   so there has n't exactly been a lot of time to ugrade infrastructure from soviet times . 
  except for moscow and st. petersburg, 
  so you obviously did n't see anything besides moscow and st. petersburg . 
  it may surprise you , but there are many things in my house besides my lumia . 
  did california ( or usa for that matter ) fought in two world wars , one resulting in major civilian uprising and other in devastation of many cities and deaths of about 20 % of population ? 
  the only thing i 've used that was made in usa is that device for vision impaired kids that 's basically a web cam attached to a monitor with some basic software to switch magnification level . 
  sturdy made all right . 
  costs fucking $ 3000 . 
  actually , russian cars are well worth the money . 
  sure , they are not quite comfortable , but you can get brand new one for like $ 8000 and with proper maintenance it can work for tens of years , said maintenance being cheap as hell ( well , at least in russia ) . 
  what that proves , besides that there are forlorn houses somewhere in russia ? 
  it 's not the scale , it 's the shape . 
  it does n't match at all . 
  look at ` original ' part of that image , there is part of that unidentified machine that kind of sticks out quite significantly behind the track shape . 
  as far as i know , none of buk machines has such shape . 
   but a big difference is in leadership , we 've had teddy roosevelt who rode a moose in a river and went to battle himself and another very brief president that was involved in ww2 heavily but that 's about it . 
  guess what ? 
  it 's about the same here . 
  putin may be a tough guy ( as in wrestling bears and such ) , but medvedev , yelstin , gorbachev and all those before them ? 
  nope . 
  at least not on the same level , not even near . 
  guess who is serving in local police there . 
   putin never actually wrestled bears, 
  i know , it 's just a metaphor . 
  still , there are very visible ` manliness ' things like wrestling men or hunting . 
  i do n't remember any other russian leader openly displaying this . 
   and about medvedev , why is n't he president ? 
  he 's actually a nice , level-headed , soft-spoken guy . 
  he had an agreement with putin not to run for a second term ( well , at least for now ) . 
  except that 's exactly what ussr did . 
  hundreds of thousands of east ukrainian refugees had fled to russia already . 
  many of them do not hope to return because there is nothing to return to thanks to ukrainian military and paramilitary . 
  is it ethnical cleansing , or you need to wait until millions ? 
  guys openly running with ss insignia . 
  bandera is a national hero . 
  enough ? 
  all of those categories are local produced too . 
  those sanctions will actually boost local production . 
  thank you very much , eu . 
   i have never seen anyone running with ss insignia during my participation at the maidan protests . 
  i 'm not talking about maidan specifically ( though there were reports on wolfsangels at maidan ) , i 'm talking about ukraine in general , in reply to, 
   never have i heard or seen fascist or `` nazi '' ukrainians, 
   i find it interesting that these expressions are in russian . 
  that 's because i do n't know ukrainian and do n't have ukrainian keyboard layout . 
  it 's enough though for a simple youtube search :, 
  for those who do n't know ukrainian , kids there yell first ` hang the moskal ' ( moskal is derogatory for russian ) and then ` who does n't jumps , that 's moskal ' ( that one was really tricky for me to translate , i most probably i did it wrong somehow ; it basically means that either you jump with the crowd or you admit that you 're ` moskal ' and , hence , to be hanged ) . 
  that 's pretty frightening . 
  and this video is dated march 2014 - before crimea and eastern ukraine . 
   the subsequent maidan shootings whose perpetrators have been granted a russian citizenship upon asylum, 
  so the investigation about maidan snipers finally came to conclusion and those snipers were identified ? 
  i heard nothing of it . 
   the theft of crimea, 
  ` theft ' . 
   the sponsored terrorism in the east, 
  you know , until poroshenko started this ` ato ' , there where no ukrainian refugees . 
  there are now hundred of thousands . 
  they are pretty terrified , and this was done not by ` east ukrainian terrorists ' . 
   the relationship was not ideological at all, 
   he was not anti-semitic or anti-russian or anti-anything really, 
  sources speak for themselves . 
  you know what speaks even louder ? 
  atrocities committed by ukrainian nationalists against poles and jews . 
   ethnic cleansing is when one side forcibly makes the other one leave , not when they leave without coercion , genius . 
  does indiscriminate bombing counts as ` coersion ' ? 
   you also completely made that part up . 
  `` according to the fms report of july 7 , about 1.8 million ukrainian citizens are currently residing in russia . 
  of these , about 480,000 have recently arrived from combat zones . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://rbth.com/international/2014/07/09/un_confirms_flight_of_500000_ukrainian_refugees_to_russia_38063.html ), 
  western ukrainians and eastern ukrainians are different people . 
  same nation ` on paper ' , yet different history , different relations with russia , even different language ( well , dialects ) . 
  may be not exactly ethnic cleansing in its purest form , but i do n't think that it makes it somehow better . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uousybzoeoa ) explains ukrainian situation quite well . 
  there is plenty of infrastructure and plenty of meat is made in russia . 
   and they collapsed miserably . 
  they collapsed because of insane perestroika economical policies .
