   i guess i can never understand the politics in ukraine . 
  a few years ago , they had the orange revolution . 
  at that time , i thought the country will prosper and be less corrupt . 
  yet , the country is close to bankrupt now . 
  and when the euromaiden throw out the yanukovich in feb , i thought this might be a new start for this country . 
  but the interim gov sucks . 
  they did not earn the trust from people in east ukraine . 
  in less than a month , they lost crimea . 
  and now the eastern ukraine is a war zone where civilians are shelled almost daily . 
  yesterday the communist party is kicked out of rada . 
  today , the government resigned . 
  it does not seem that this country is more democratic or less corrupt than before , is n't it ? 
  it just goes on a negative cycle . 
  bad economy leads to unstable political situation , the fragile politics leads to more economical and social problems . 
  the infighting among ukrainian politicians is one of the main reasons that leads to the current situation in ukraine . 
   i think what this country needs is not one revolution after another , or frequent early elections of government . 
  instead , it needs a stable political environment to deal with its current problems . 
  dont ' start lines with spaces , it makes your reply unreadable . 
   off topic and all but , is russia covered in sunflowers ? 
  russia is big . 
  i mean , really big . 
  there are of course some sunflower fields , among other things . 
  doom and gloom you see because doom and gloom sells better . 
  you can browse some photos of russia made for russians [ here ] ( http://strana.ru ) . 
   america please stop identifying yourselves as a democracy . 
  you really , really are not : /, 
  [ they are not indeed . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27074746 ), 
  use that as a pretext for putting stress on russian economy through a new salvo of sanctions ? 
  sure , nothing to gain here . 
   and what kind of warhead does an air-air missile have ? 
  fragmentation or rod ? 
  depends on the type . 
  they have plenty . 
  as i get it , this site just sells books published in russia , not something ` adapted for language learners ' , so i think you are more or less safe here . 
  books published by \u042d\u043a\u0441\u043c\u043e , \u0410\u0437\u0431\u0443\u043a\u0430 and \u0410\u0421\u0422 publishing houses tend to be of good quality ( both in physical , ah , attributes and in translation ) . 
  there is only one translation of pride and prejudice to russian , so you have little choice here ( it is a good translation though ) . 
  there is [ jane eyre ] ( http://www.booksinrussian.co.uk/russian-books/56446/ ) available , translated by irina gurova ( very , very good translator ) . 
  for some reason though it shows a cover for completely different book . 
  it is persecution of free speech , not lgbt individuals . 
  it is almost funny how everybody misses that . 
  oh look , another ignorant person !, 
  just so you know , they ca n't put anyone to jail under this law . 
  administrative detainment ( 3 hours max ) and $ 150 fine . 
  say thank you to nyt for this load of anti-russian propaganda . 
  have a downvote for spreading bullshit . 
   russia imprisons those who spread `` homosexual propaganda . '', 
  fines , actually . 
  administrative detainment is 3 hours max for this law , it 's hardly ` imprisons ' . 
   umm , good luck convincing anyone of that . 
  if you are caught protesting twice within six months , you can be sent to a forced labour camp for five years . 
  and say thank you to wp for that load of anti-russian propaganda . 
  protesting in russia is not outlawed . 
  what is outlawed is failing to comply to the rules of protesting ( declare the place to local authorities beforehand , no masks , no weapons etc. , all in all quite reasonable requirements ) . 
  number 4 ( about how russians are more comfortable in tight crowds ) is kind of a big city dweller thing , i think . 
  many of my acquaintances and myself find big cities uncomfortable because of that . 
  traveling in moscow metro was very interesting for me ; but then i got there in the prime hour . 
  never again . 
  easily the worst experience of my life . 
  that 's a moscow thing , i believe . 
  many things are way overpriced there . 
  spy fiction loosely based on real events . 
  i think western mega corporations can teach russia a thing or two about giant hierarchical structures . 
  that 's rather funny typo , have an up vote , 
   the difference between our country and russia is that we have a choice . 
  [ except you do n't ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27074746 ) if you 're not extremely rich . 
  `` when a majority of citizens disagrees with economic elites and/or with organised interests , they generally lose . 
  moreover , because of the strong status quo bias built into the us political system , even when fairly large majorities of americans favour policy change , they generally do not get it . 
   the world will step in and help, 
  you mean , like the world stepped in and helped after ussr collapsed ? 
  it is against the law , actually . 
  they can ask for a passport , but if they try to keep it , you can stir shit up . 
  nothing spectacular , i think . 
  if you plan on moving during autumn / winter , do buy proper clothes ( think northern canada ) . 
  vodka thing is way overblown . 
  most people do n't know english , so at least basic russian is required . 
  as for politics , stay out of it , that 's a safe bet . 
  after all , it 's rich guys pushing us around , it 's the same everywhere . 
  that 's a different culture . 
  i think that you 'll be even more , ah , surprised in central asian countries ( which had some serious influence on russian culture ) . 
  why ? 
  i am sorry , but the study i 've linked before kind of contradicts with your words . 
   it was obviously an accident ** which can only happen when someone without proper skills and experience is operating an aa system . 
  previous accidents with civilian planes and military missiles kind of disagree with you . 
  girkin does n't have any social media accounts . 
  it seems that ` proper training ' was not proper enough when ukrainians shot down that siberian airlines craft . 
  it was not proper enough too when usa shot down that iranian airliner . 
  thing is , to err is human . 
  i do not believe that military specialists are some godlike creatures that ca n't mistake no matter what . 
  why not ? 
  ms did it years ago . 
  after russia wat, 
  does the term ` shock therapy ' ring a bell ? 
  so much for dependence on oil exports . 
  as for defense industry , spendings were indeed big ( although not 1/3 of gdp of course , this is gross exaggeration ) . 
  it was kind of necessary . 
  russians were majority in crimea (  50 % ) well before ussr . 
  also , there is no such thing as ethnic crimean , there are crimean tatars who are called so to distinguish them from ` non-crimean ' tatars and , by the way , they are not native to crimea , they came there about two centuries before russians captured crimea in retaliation to constant slave raids done by crimean tatars . 
   russian-made consumer goods overwhelmingly tend to be crap . 
  is that a personal experience ?
