   where the language was outlawed and they tried to force everyone to stop speaking it, 
  you forgot to mention that that was stopped even before soviet union times . 
   this is also why tymoshenko was held in a prison in the russian sector . 
  do you know why tymoshenko was in prison ? 
   russians are generally racist against ukrainians , and have derogatory names for them , like hahol , and such . 
  following that logic , every nation on the face of the earth is ` generally racist ' , 'cause everyone have not-so-pleasant names for their neighbours , ukraininans included . 
   britain had india , spain had brazil , russia had ukraine . 
  enormous bullshit aimed on those who are not aquainted with rus history . 
   let 's not forget , to the ukrainians , the russians have committed genocides like the germans had to the jews ,, 
  like sending about 500 thousand tons of wheat when ukraininans were dying from famine ? 
  i 'm not a stalinist in any way , but the holodomor is not a genocide . 
  all that holodomor bullshit is oversimplifying things . 
  it is easier to understand bad soviet russians starving to death good ukrainians . 
  it is more profitable that way . 
  understanding what really happened requires at least somewhat good grasp on economics and agriculture . 
  this is some text !, 
  thank you very much , my world view is now a bit different ; hopefully more objective . 
  you have a strong point here . 
  i 'm on the position where ukrainian and russian languages are considered as very close relatives ; contemporary ukrainian is different enough to be a distinct language , that 's for sure . 
  i do n't think though that ukrainian can lose official status . 
  it was official national language back then in ussr . 
  try re-reading my message . 
  i 'm * not * comparing russian and ukraininan to british and american english . 
  oh , and i do n't think that average american can converse in , say , scottish english . 
  actually , novorossiysk is much more important economically . 
  sevastopol hosts military base , that 's all . 
   where was the lack of peace and disorder ? 
  [ kiev sent fighters to crimea ] ( http://en.ria.ru/russia/20140301/187994075/amid-escalation-fears-russia-says-kiev-sent-fighters-to-crimea.html ), 
  yes . 
   that 's after the russian troops were sent, 
  i believe it was shortly before . 
  `` but the only reason that crimea had a russian majority was because josef stalin deported the native crimean tatars en masse to central asia after world war ii and resettled russians to replace them . 
  stopped reading after that one . 
  honestly , what the hell ? 
  compare where russia was with yeltsin and where is it now . 
  and no , it is not only because of oil prices . 
   it 's a country that seems to want to beat up , imprison or kill gay people , journalists , free thinkers or basically just those that disagree with the autocracy that is robbing its socialist citizens blind . 
  you 're delusional . 
   low value currency is still in the best interests of any nation , even if individual citizens dont like such a thing because it makes imported goods more expensive, 
  could you elaborate it , please ? 
  i do n't quite get why it 's good to make imported goods more expensive . 
   there have been unconfirmed reports that members of his family were threatened . 
  threatened by whom ? 
  there was this `` friendship train '' in nineties , and crimeans were threatened with it again : http://rupaper.com/post/21101, 
  i can . 
  it 's hardly an attack , at least not yet . 
  strange . 
  some comments clame that those guys are ( former ) black water mercenaries . 
  quick googling and here is more info/rumors : http://stbcaptain.livejournal.com/81805.html, 
   russian xenophobia and nationalism, 
  are you aware that there are about hundred of other nationalities living peacefully in russian federation ? 
  according to that lj post , strange people have arrived zhuliany ( basically kiev ) and boryspil ( near kiev ) . 
  people that work for greystone limited ( part of `` security service '' former known as blackwater ) . 
  and of course nobody suggests that those people are there to work for russia . 
  as you can see , there are no political videos with keyword `` ukraine '' on / r/videos with post date within this month . 
  may be those were removed as well ? 
  i do n't see `` better '' results . 
  am i doing something wrong ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  it 's nice to hear a voice of reason here . 
   did you come [ komisorya ?? ], 
  i believe it 's `` commissariat '' ( military office that mainly manages conscripts and such ; do n't know english word for that ) . 
  conscripts come to their local commissariats when they are to serve their year in army . 
  commissariats ( there is one in every major city ) also manage reserve soldiers and some other civilian-relatef stuff . 
  basically these reporters assumed that this man came there to serve in army ; they were wrong . 
  wwii , of course . 
  sevastopol was almost completely destroyed , crimea in general suffered dearly . 
  add to that deportation of crimean tatars , and what you get is devastated region with failing agriculture and economy . 
  berkut snipers shooting * somebody * . 
  i do n't know too . 
  but it is basically common sence that snipers are not good at crowd control , they are used to pick important targets . 
  good old aks are much better at stopping crowds . 
  why should police snipers shoot random protesters ? 
  what it can possibly achieve ? 
  there are much more effective ways to cause fear . 
  ussr was aggressively secular . 
  modern russia is almost opposite ( although atheism is not punished there ... yet ), 
  not all churches and mosques were destroyed ; many were used for `` worldly '' purposes ( warehouses , offices and such ) . 
  since about 1950-1960 aggressively secular policy started to fade , and churches that survived were returned to their main purpose . 
  it is fearsome - when you realize it . 
  assault rifle fire is much more effective at causing fear , whereas sniper fire has one and only intent : to kill without compromising killer 's position . 
   the russians poisoning his opponent in the 2004 elecions, 
  ~ ~ wat ~ ~ source , please . 
   last time another country sent its troops to protect its citizen was 1930ies germany . 
  you must be living under a rock or something , 'cause modern day usa does exactly this quite often . 
  novorossiysk port ca n't host russian fleet , at least not yet . 
  there is a reason russia paid ukraine for hosting russian navy hq in sevastopol instead of moving hq to russian territory . 
   every eastern european country will go fleeing into the eu/usa/nato community as fast as they can . 
  they are already there . 
   ( supposedly ), 
  that 's the word . 
  quite recently russian army was supposedly to attack ukrainian one unless they surrender . 
  first , it would be nice to see some sources on that `` 30 % '' ( not that i 'm saying that there were no pockets filled , but i do n't have access to precise data ) . 
  second , there are anti-corruption trials in russia too . 
  survey in 2011 missed some minor things like , i do n't know , overthrowing legitimate ( if corrupt ) government in kiev and ultranationalists marching unchecked and uncontrolled . 
  did n't you consider that russian soldiers are there just so that vote will not be forced other way around by kiev forces ? 
  crimea is an autonomous republic . 
  well , that was an idea back then in 1992 . 
  kiev slowly took away most of the autonomy during the years , though , but formally crimea still is an autonomus republic . 
  no it is n't .
