  what is now called eastern ukraine was a part of novorossia . 
  other parts remained in russia after bolsheviks created ukrainian state . 
   in 2008 they invaded georgia during the olympics . 
  military assault was launched by georgia , and it is confirmed by international commission . 
   russians think that baltic states are russian lands and russians will either kill lithuanians until they take the land or until we give it to it . 
  i 'm russian and i know no russians who think like this . 
  talking out of your ass much ? 
   why do people from the baltic states blame russians for everything the soviets did ? 
   beacuse russia is clearly aggressor in this crisis, 
  are you aware that your comment is n't related to this question ? 
  til the only way to publish a photo is to send it to instagram via cellular data link . 
  it 's from 2 june , after [ the air strike committed by ukrainian air force ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2014/06/03/world/europe/ukraine-luhansk-building-attack/ ) . 
  with a referendum . 
  also , your info is outdated , modern chechnya looks like [ this ] ( http://islamicartdb.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/grozny-chechnya-skyline.jpg ) . 
  google is your friend . 
  wow , that level of twisting the facts is really outstanding . 
  is there some kind of special training for it , or it 's just innate talent ? 
   ** blame russians for everything the soviets did ? 
  how about [ this ] ( http://news.bigmir.net/world/692244-ot-razvalin-k-neboskrebam--kak-depard-e-zhivetsja-v-groznom--foto - ) ? 
  ah , it seems that / u/barsic edited his reply . 
  originally it was him quoting that line about soviets and answering it with ` beacuse russia is clearly aggressor in this crisis ' . 
  with that kind of budget you should stay away from big cities like moscow or peter , life there is very expensive . 
  look up russian courses in smaller cities like voronezh , lipetsk or tambov . 
  for example , tambov state technical university [ has russian courses for foreign students ] ( http://en.russia.edu.ru/vuz/2046/ ) . 
  living costs in tambov are about $ 500/month , rent for a room included . 
   because noone is interested in deescalation . 
  especially not russia . 
  ukraine started that military operation without even attempt to solve it diplomatically , russia several times pointed that it is needed to stop fighting and start talking , yet it is russia who is least interested in de-escalation . 
  nice logic you have there !, 
  russian agriculture took a massive hit during the chaos of nineties . 
  you see , while the land is indeed very good for agriculture , the climate is not . 
  even southern regions experience harsh winters , droughts also happen from time to time . 
  simply put , agriculture here is not profitable enough to fly without state help ( mostly state-sponsored low/zero interest credits for farmers to survive during unlucky years ) . 
   all of the evil europe and america are greatly suffering, 
  it seems like you too overexaggerate something . 
  slightly . 
  please explain how in nine hells i could suffer 10 % increase in food prices when my food expenses are about 10 % of my income . 
  as i live in agricultural region , general mood is [ like this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bvpmuuzslu ) . 
  those are big cities too . 
  not as big as msk or peter , but still . 
  also , the cites i 've mentioned are in or close to agricultural center of russia , so food costs there are very low . 
  that 's per week if i 'm not mistaken . 
  i was taking in account more prolonged period . 
  it 's not like that is not happening . 
  but i was talking mostly about addition of ` evil ' . 
  europe is not portrayed as evil in russian media . 
   millions of ethnic muslims who were exterminated en masse, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i like how ukraine illegally stripping crimea of its autonomy , constitution and president and ignoring referendums in early nineties is ` independence from russia ' , but russian military guaranteeing crimeans a chance to vote again without ukrainian intervention ( for the * third * time ! ), 
  is ` russia took crimea ' . 
  what is heavily implied is that eu is no longer our best friends . 
  that 's not ` evil ' , far from it . 
  isis is evil , or other middle eastern terrorists . 
  there is no comma . 
  first chechen war was , frankly speaking , a massive clusterfuck . 
  yes , there was disproportionate use of force . 
  it is easily explained . 
  you need just two components for this :, 
  ( 1 ) barbaric brutality of chechens to captured russian soldiers and generally to all non-chechens ;, 
  ( 2 ) abysmal state of russian military machine , so many soldiers were captured , tortured and killed , and their commanders ca n't or do n't want to prevent soldiers retaliating disproportionately ( and after certain point soldiers just stop viewing all chechens as human beings ) . 
  as for glebov , read [ this ] ( http://www.rg.ru/anons/arc_2000/0422/2.htm ) . 
   spetsnaz did not routinely come through a town , kill the men and rape the women . 
  it was not this bad . 
  second , the chain of brutality started with chechens , and our soldiers never quite descended to what chechen militants and terrorists did . 
   the russians in both wars struck hospitals , killed aid workers , raped thousands of women , systematically executed almost every muslim they could , and this was under orders from putin ( the second time ) who , still refuses to claim any responsibility . 
  this is a massive lie . 
   in fact , this could all have been prevented if russia let chechnya go . 
  after the first war , chechnya became de facto independent . 
  you know what they did with their independence ? 
  they made business out of abductions , slavery and terrorism . 
  second chechen war started after they decided that chechnya is too small and could use some pieces of dagestan . 
   residents of donetsk region could not hold their protest in the framework of human, 
  [ `` the framework of human '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wekvijyilj4 ) . 
  russia sent equipment ( hi tech mobile labs ) and specialists to operate it to fight ebola in africa about a month ago . 
  i guess it was not reported by western media . 
  i ca n't imagine doing serious c # development without vs , but for the purpose of learning i believe that you 'd be fine with mono/monodevelop ( actual versions of course ) . 
  major city names from all around the world . 
  most probably this white ring can rotate , it 's time zone converter . 
  to be able to get quality product , of course . 
  do n't know about that ... 
  i mean , yes , russian players can be quite aggressive , but compared to when i 've played on russian servers , here on eu servers there are far more players who just fail at wow . 
  tank who does n't know his skills ? 
  check . 
  healers who randomly afk without warning ? 
  every second lfr it seems . 
  guys who not only do n't know mechanics of an instance but also ignore all attempts at communication ? 
  in dozens . 
  it is actually pretty frustrating . 
  btw , more or less the same i did experienced in dota2 . 
   i do n't really care as long as we do n't get mega-servers with many different languages . 
  that just gets problematic . 
  eve online somehow manages to do just that without any problems . 
  i know several people who regret converting their eu account to russian ones ( for those who does n't know , it 's impossible to convert back and blizz failed to underline that fact ) . 
  may be blizz hope that some people will return . 
  what 's wrong with them ? 
  more like rip russian servers . 
  there is no reason for russians to move to eu servers ( may be except for guys like me who want to practice english and experience non-translated content ) , but since russian wow is cheaper , i 'd expect many ` fake russians ' ( it 's not like being able to read quests is required for playing wow ) . 
  edit : ninja downvotes kind of indicate that i hit a right spot i guess . 
  they have one giant server for all players no matter where are they from ( except china , but that 's because of china government ) . 
  russia , eu , usa , japan , you name it .
