  it now takes a really hi end rig to mine something worth it . 
  no , nothing like that . 
  you now need specialised mining solutions . 
  google it up , but dont expect that anything worth less than 3k $ will get you anywhere . 
  this shit became serious business now . 
  how so ? 
   the gulags still exist, 
  please explain this . 
   legitimate businesses ca n't thrive because the government shuts them down if they do n't pay off officials to stay open . 
  please explain this . 
  bear in mind though that i know more than one legitimate business that is not even touched by government , so your story sounds kinda cool . 
   north korea is sending prisoners to work , unpaid , in horrible conditions in siberian lumber mills, 
  what, 
   education is awful, 
  please explain this . 
   people are starving, 
  what, 
   in russia , labor is unpaid . 
  this is not true . 
  \u0412\u044b\u0434\u0435\u0440\u0436\u043a\u0430 has * several * literal meanings . 
  main one is `` self-restrain '' or `` tenacity '' . 
  `` exposure '' is actually quite specific and is not used except in proper context . 
  another meaning is `` extract '' or `` quotation '' . 
  yes , prison labor . 
  it is paid in russia . 
   by the gulags i mean prisons . 
  both the members of pussy riot and and mikhail khadarkovsky spoke about their awful treatment , forced labor , and discrimination in russian prisons . 
  they all refer to these ` prisons ' as camps because thats what they are . 
  they live in cells with 12 other people . 
  by day they work 18 + hours in a factory sewing military and police uniforms . 
  they are n't allowed to bathe more than once a week , not fed , etc. 
  just horrible treatment in general . 
  the similarities of their stories and solzhenitsyns gulag archipelago are strikingly similar even though one predates the other by 40 years . 
  first , if you find similarities with solzhenitsin 's gulag archipelago , you must read it again . 
  second , you mentioned khodorkovsky ... 
  i can not find any interview with him mentioning something like `` 18 + hours work '' or `` not fed '' . 
   a friend of mine and former classmate decided not to leave russia because he had opened a school and several businesses . 
  eventually all were closed down . 
  when he went to the business bureau and he asked why they were closed down . 
  he was told very rudely and completely openly that it was simply because he had not payed off the head of the bureau for his district . 
  there is no such thing like `` business bureau '' . 
  business in russia can not just `` close down '' without a reason . 
  i 'd guess that you were bullshitted . 
   as to north korean labor camps , vice has a piece about it . 
  that piece with a video about british company running logging operation with north korean contracted workers ? 
   education : i understand that russia 's current system is one of the best in the world , but many people do n't have access to it simply because there is such a large divide in the wealth classes . 
  most people in cities go to school , but people in siberia do n't have access to much education , much less good education . 
  it is not because divide in the wealth classes . 
  it is because there are no freaking universities in siberian taiga !, 
  there is nice one in novosibirsk though . 
   again going back to the wealth and social divide , people who are very poor are starving . 
  this is perhaps connected to the problems with narcotics smuggling which mostly occurs in siberia where most of the poorer people live . 
  what, 
  this part is so full of bullshit i 'm out of words . 
  reaction of iodine with 90 % alcohol just happened . 
  chemistry teacher showing a trick ( fake blood ) . 
  enjoyed it immensely . 
  ah , good olde turbopascal days ... not so much today . 
  industry took a wrong turn or two . 
  c++ is an abomination ... ugh . 
  i guess i just stop here . 
  it 's really great for scientific and engineering computing : lots of useful libraries and frameworks like sage . 
  also i 'd suggest sicp and lisp in general . 
  it 's indeed not unlike latin : most probably you will not use it in real project , but it is like a whetstone for your mind . 
  almost correct except that we do know those names and do use them . 
  especially guitar players . 
  yeah , it is b. 
  to be correct , h is h and b is h-bemolle ( h-flat ) . 
  it is german notation originally : http://music.stackexchange.com/questions/10195/why-note-b-is-marked-with-h-in-scandinavia-and-germany, 
  however , nowadays usual western notation ( c-d-e-f-g-a-b ) is used as often ( it all depends on context though ; do n't forget : russia is big ) . 
  it is all relative . 
  many less-used things ( like this notation ) are overlooked in basic 7-year music education . 
  ( 7 years can seem like a great deal but it 's really not . ), 
   she claims searching for my birthmother would put her in danger . 
  if only it is something very specific . 
  i honestly ca n't even imagine what it would be . 
  1 ) it is against the law : personal data ca n't be in put in public directories without a one 's permission ( and most people do n't care about giving such a permission or do n't even know ) . 
  2 ) google is your friend : http://lmgtfy.com/?q=american+consulate+yekaterinburg, 
  4 ) it is not . 
  some people in local government structures can be dicks though . 
  yeah , four words instead of one . 
  there are phone books , of course . 
  people must give explicit permission to put their info in those . 
  this law about personal data is rather new ( 5 years or so ) , so older info is there . 
  newer info is mostly about organizations . 
  democracy here is may be problematic , but it is not non-existant . 
  here are some links for starters :, 
  i think that the main problem with democracy here is wrong , outdated mindset . 
  people are just not used yet to that their opinion can matter too . 
  not en masse . 
  they do n't quite get a very simple idea : democracy is not given , it is taken ; in order to something to happen , people need to do something themselves . 
  typical russian self-loathing . 
  i ca n't say how much i hate it . 
  do i what down syndrome ? 
  do i hate down syndrome or what ? 
  i do n't quite get this part . 
  i do n't believe anything . 
  i do n't watch tv . 
  i look around and see what i see , and that differs greatly from what i 've seen fifteen or twenty years ago . 
  it was surviving back then , now it 's living .
