  buk launcher itself has a radar system , but it is meant to be completed with another more precise radar vehicle and a command center vehicle which processes the data . 
  by using buk launcher itself it is possible to target an aircraft , but it 's difficult or even impossible to identify it . 
  so : most probably , an error on behalf of whoever fired it . 
  : please consider that i have no close knowledge about buks , only general engineering background and some common sense . 
  well , usa once did just the same with that iranian airliner . 
  the guy who did it even got a medal for it . 
  the question is : are usa ' a bad guy ' ? 
  all of usa ? 
  there is no such thing . 
   how about the several dozen killed by sams in the aircraft, 
  several dozen civilians ? 
   ** the us ** shot down flight 655 and the response was lukewarm, 
  the answer is right here . 
   the us needs to hit the rebels like they would the taliban . 
  yes , because that 's the thing that stopped taliban . 
  it must be noted that all this history is kind of blown out of proportion . 
  western historians tend to interpret those things o , a worse side ; simply put , if some document says ` there were about 1000-3000 deaths ' , it turns out to be straight 3000 deaths ( or even 5000 , because , well , of course some were not accounted for ) . 
   what ever us ( or any other country ) ever did , does not reduce mr putin guilt . 
  why can us get away with what it did , but russia can not ? 
  [ here are ] ( http://ntv.livejournal.com/359168.html ) some photos of this highly technical military equipment ` designed to be used by idiots ' . 
  i would n't dare to touch any of those buttons . 
  but then again , perhaps i 'm not idiot enough ... 
  you see , the passengers were from eu . 
  who cares about dirty scum living in some middle eastern shithole ? 
   pictures of the buk with missing missiles on the launcher heading back to russia . 
  multiple of those pictures were taken and geolocated . 
  i have multiple pictures of alien monsters destroying new york , so what ? 
  hell , people . 
  we live in 21 century , and you still trust digital photo ` evidence ' ? 
   help us bring putin down . 
  doubt it . 
   i 'm waiting for the population to start killing russian tourists that 's how mad a lot of the people are because they know our government wont do anything about it . 
  so now you have some understanding what muslim terrorists feel . 
  do you support them now ? 
  how about getting in russia and blowing some buildings ? 
  i am well aware of it . 
  i am also well aware that those photos that flood the internets now were not verified or , at least , there are no public reports on it . 
  how 's that related to a bunch of photos that can be easily fabricated ? 
  so instead of arguments you 're vomiting insults aimed at entire nation . 
  what a nice example of well-educated , advanced european citizen !, 
   the punishment should ne the handover of the responsible commander to the malaysian government so he can be caned on live tv and given life in prison . 
  usa shot down civilian airliner , no punishment , medals awarded . 
  ukraine shot down civilian airliner , no punishment , finally admitted it years after . 
  notice the pattern here . 
  well then , what are your alternatives to putin ? 
   any sane and not so corrupted person who knows how to manage complex systems like cities or country 's regions and will do it instead of building new palaces for his friends . 
  you say it like the only thing putin does is ` building new palaces for his friends ' . 
   absence of well-known alternatives is created by the current government who 's oppressing opposition candidates . 
  oh really ? 
  so name one alternative to putin among those ` oppressed opposition candidates ' . 
   joining the euro zone implies ukraine adhering to tough standards of human rights , democracy , and rule of law . 
  you mean , like [ this ] ( http://www.dw.de/greek-bankers-embroiled-in-corruption-scandal/a-17387888 ) ? 
  not saying that russia is something better , but seriously . 
  eu is not a land of milk and honey , far from it . 
   if you want justice for ir655 leak stuff on american officials from george h w bush admin until they give an official policy . 
   you should demand to see the buttocks of the commander being ravaged by a malaysian rattan in retaliation for his recklessness and to frighten the other commanders, 
  we know who shot down ir655 . 
  why your idea of justice includes alleged separatist commander , but excludes the man who shot down ir655 ? 
  missed this one , sorry . 
   gassed the entire building , killing dozens of the kids , just to diffuse the situation, 
  [ talking out of your ass much ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beslan_school_hostage_crisis#storming_by_russian_forces ), 
  oh really ? 
  gas attack was literally impossible . 
  `` to avoid being overwhelmed by gas attack like their comrades in the 2002 moscow hostage crisis , insurgents quickly smashed the school 's windows . '', 
  on the side note i like how english wikipedia calls those ` insurgents ' and not ` terrorists ' . 
  go fuck yourself , ignorant scum . 
  ` retaliation ' . 
  huh . 
   should they wait for a new tragedy to do something about it ? 
  so it 's a tragedy when civilian plane with eu citizens goes down , but it 's not when east ukrainian civilians are being killed during this ` retaliation ' ? 
   russia still has the power to scale down the conflict , saying otherwise is rubbish, 
  and it 's rubbish because ... ? 
   if russia would show some remorse and not let the separatists loot and disgrace the innocent people bodies, 
  are you suggesting russian military intervention ? 
  poroshenko is killing ( well , indirectly ) civilians in eastern ukraine for months now , yet nobody yells about punishing him . 
  amusing , is n't it ? 
  and this benefits russia how , exactly ? 
  afaik it sounds much , much louder this way . 
  it can be heard for several miles from the point . 
  they live in the forests , after all . 
   putin is doing absolutely nothing . 
  he 's giving empty promises for years . 
  oh really ? 
  so all those changes that happened since 1999 are mere coincidence ? 
   khodorkovsky is the only one i know . 
  and he is alternative why , exactly ? 
  [ `` despite the mistakes made in the downing of the plane , the men of the vincennes were awarded combat action ribbons for completion of their tours in a combat zone . 
  lustig , the air-warfare coordinator , received the navy commendation medal . '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ir655#post-tour_of_duty_medals ), 
   and how they shot at international recovery teams . 
  [ except they did not . 
  but feel free to eat all the lies that media feeds you . 
  [ `` despite the mistakes made in the downing of the plane , the men of the vincennes were awarded combat action ribbons for completion of their tours in a combat zone . 
  lustig , the air-warfare coordinator , received the navy commendation medal . '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_air_flight_655#post-tour_of_duty_medals ), 
   telling the world the kiev government is `` bloodthristy lunatics '' if they do n't sign a cease fire agreement when your own group just fucking murdered hundreds of innocent civilians really annoyed me, 
  so kiev forces murdering innocent ukrainian civilians by indiscriminate bombing and shelling the cities does n't bother you ? 
  something something wmd, 
   video captures the missile impact and malaysian airline plane on fire in the ukrainian sky . 
  source, 
  if this is indeed that plane , it is very interesting .
