  please , do you research before posting next time . 
  it was just a little bit more complicated . 
  georgia attacked tskhinvali ( south ossetia 's capital , south ossetia formally being part of georgia , although georgians and ossetians are two distinct nations ) . 
  russia intervened to prevent full fledged ethnic cleansing . 
  politkovskaya crossed a shitload of pretty powerful men during her career . 
  why do you think that it was putin who ordered her assasination and not one of chechen elders , well known for abiding no law except their own ? 
  or , say , some pissed off military or fsb general ? 
  translation is pretty much correct , it just so happens that this vigilante group occupy pedophilia hunted mostly * gay * pedos . 
  reporters mention gay part but somehow forget pedo part . 
  this does not justifies what they did , of course . 
  vigilantism is no good . 
  there were other anti gay hate crimes , but nothing organized . 
  and , of course , police did investigate it . 
   not at all . 
  yes it does . 
  nobody says though that those words are equivalent . 
  rus ' means russia , as well as ukraine and belarus . 
  this word is more about national spirituality , not about state . 
   there is no russia before ivan the terrible ( ~ 1500 ) , which succeeds the grand duchy of muscovy , which itself succeeds kievan rus ', 
  kievlan rus ' dissolved long before that into small individual states . 
  but it is considered as history of russia ( as well as ukraine and belarus ) , because russian culture was formed back then , and many russian cities were part of kievlan rus ' . 
  in a sense , kievlan rus ' was `` different russia '' , as was novgorod republic , as was grand duchy of moscow , as was russian empire , as was russian soviet republic , as is now russian federation . 
  different states , same heritage , mostly the same people . 
  ukranians and belarussians may have went a bit different paths since back then , but they are not cousins . 
  * they are brothers . 
  * and nobody considers them `` poor relatives from the farm '' , except some nazi nutjobs who are not worth the air they breathe . 
  she criticized different things , not only his regime . 
  let 's put it this way : navalny openly opposes putin . 
  how is it that he is still alive and mostly well , if putin is a dictator and kills anybody who opposes him ? 
  it is refreshing to be involved in good old fuck your mum internet discussion . 
  cheers !, 
  u mad, 
  you did not understood it then . 
  distinct gender roles are not about girls being submissive dolls . 
  it is about family backing . 
  man is in front of what the world has to offer , be it good or bad . 
  his woman is supporting him , providing safe shelter while he conquers the world for her and for their kids . 
  that 's the idea . 
  yeah , there are girls like this . 
  it has nothing to do with old patriarchal gender model , it is about catching male victims and using them . 
  i believe it is called `` gold digger '' . 
  i honestly dont know , you just sound jealous , that 's it . 
   make up your mind . 
  it 's either `` literally '' or `` not equivalent '' . 
  well , if you say ` rus ' in russia , it means russia . 
  but it does not means current state , it means historical lineage . 
  so yeah , not quite literally . 
  more like family name . 
  russia rus , belarus rus , ukraine rus , something like that . 
  it is mostly used like `` in rus , we do something and something '' , meaning traditions that overcome centuries of historical changes . 
   in another , it was `` different ukraine '' , and yet another , `` different belarus '' . 
  from this perspective , ukraine could claim the right to intervene in the brotherly affairs of russia-the-country . 
  yes , you 're quite correct . 
  but to claim said right one must have some power . 
  it can sound cruel ( and it is !, 
  ) , but it is how modern politics work . 
  culturally though ukraine does intervene , or i 'd say intertwine with russia . 
   i would go on and say ` different cultures same heritage ' , or even ` different ethnicities ' ; certainly , ` different nations ' . 
  slightly different cultures . 
  * very * slightly . 
  native russians can easily mistake south-west russians for east ukrainians . 
  for outsiders , we are nigh indistinguishable . 
  different ethnicities ? 
  not quite . 
  different nations , yes . 
  in current historical period . 
  ( i am * not * saying that we must reunite . 
  i do n't have opinion on this matter . ), 
   the ` weasel ' in that phrase is equating ukraine with some place within russia ( at least for a western audience to which the article is intended ) , as opposed to [ east ] berlin , which at the time of the iron curtain was perceived to be just as inside russia/ussr as ukraine is today . 
  this is a misunderstanding . 
  east berlin may be percieved from outside as just a part of ussr , but it was certainly not one for insiders . 
  completely different people , different culture , different history . 
  on the other hand , kiev and [ eastern ] ukraine are indeed at the heart of russia 's history . 
  it is obvious if you closely follow rus history from the start . 
  russia is very strongly tied to ukraine by history , by culture and by family ties . 
   however , these policies have also nearly eliminated the middle class, 
  where the hell did you get this ? 
   corruption is now part of how government operates . 
  wrong . 
  corruption was always part of how government operates in russia ( and , to be honest , other states are rarely better ; russians are just more open about it ) . 
  if anything , putin is doing at least * something * about it , compared to yeltsin . 
   demonizing minority populations ( gypsies , gays , foreigners ) is one of the tools used to distract the population from the real problems . 
  no one is demonizing gypsies , gays and central asian immigrants , what the hell are you talking about ? 
  there is little love for them , sure , but that 's coming from the people ( and not without a reason ) , it 's not some state policy or something . 
  it would be nice to see what your history teachers * are * saying about russia . 
   according to the american enterprise institute, 
  this article is 14 years old . 
  yes , it was bad back then . 
  the situation improved * vastly * . 
   there are countless stories, 
  you are correct on one account . 
  there are * stories * . 
  there are also reports on the olympics going just fine , which of course would be impossible if the facilities were not finished . 
  as for ny times ... well , they published an article on russian `` anti-gay '' law saying that gays will be put in jail just for being gay . 
  after that one they lost any credibility for me , do n't know about you . 
   there is overwhelming evidence of this , in fact . 
  for example `` in 2006 , the russian federation , after an initiative proposed by vladimir putin , adopted legislation in order to ` protect interests of native population of russia ' which provided significant restrictions on presence of foreigners on russian wholesale and retail markets . '', 
  the war in chechnya is rife with abuses and wholesale slaughter . 
  there is frequently arbitrary and illegal detention and expulsion of ethnic georgians , hundreds of innocent people from the street were arbitrary arrested , beaten , tortured , and raped by special police forces . 
  what ?
