   so how do you intend to accomplish this ? 
  by making firing people illegal based on their out of work actions ? 
  yes . 
  for outright offensive speech , there should be criminal code and court . 
  otherwise , if people fear to express their opinion because they can be fired for that , then there is no real freedom of speech . 
  article 19 of universal declaration of human rights : `` everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression ; this right includes freedom to hold opinions ** without interference ** and to seek , receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers . '', 
  i 'm pretty sure that firing for expressed opinion is interference . 
   should rt not be able to fire someone that spends every waking moment on twitter bashing putin ? 
  should a restaurant not be able to fire a server that constantly spams profanity filled messages on facebook at customers ? 
  should a soup kitchen not be able to fire a worker for being a vocal nazi sympathizer ? 
  yes , yes , and yes . 
  employer should not touch life outside of work . 
   because it 's their damn company and they should run it how they want, 
  no they should n't , if it harms basic human rights . 
   if you verbally abuse someone , it can be punished by law . 
  exactly . 
  the law should decide this , not random people . 
  just like the law decides when it is needed to harm the right to be free , the law and * only * the law should decide when it is needed to harm the freedom of speech . 
   if you harm someones business , he can fire you . 
  yes , but not before it is proven in court . 
  at least , that 's how it should be . 
   you 're joking , right ? 
  no i am not . 
  both actions are punishments for thoughts , i fail to see cardinal difference between them . 
   she has received absolutely zero interference . 
  she can say whatever she wants whenever she wants . 
  by that logic , going to jail or being killed for saying something * after * saying something is n't interference too . 
  of course there should be some point of balance . 
  allowing the employer to fire people on whim ( that is , each time the employer thinks that employee is `` harming business '' ) is just off balance as forcing the employer to go to court every time there is real need to fire an employee . 
  i do n't know about usa or canada , but in russian law there is clear list for what reasons the employer can fire people . 
  having inconvenient opinion or `` harming business '' is n't one of them . 
  nope , you listen too much to anti-russian propaganda . 
  for instance , there is certain [ max katz ] ( http://maxkatz.livejournal.com/ ) , young politician , deputy in one of moscow districts . 
  he is quite vocal punin critic , now he 's fighting with moscow city administration that tries to remove impromtu memorial on the bridge where nemtsov was murdered . 
  he is n't in jail . 
  many other opposition members are n't in jail too . 
   human rights , free speech and democracy are very confusing topics for me . 
  ftfy . 
  right to work is human right too . 
   your idea about going to court every time you wa n't to fire someone is stupid . 
  except i did not had that idea . 
  let me remind you :, 
    if you harm someones business , he can fire you . 
   yes , but not before it is proven in court . 
  i was talking about firing an employee just because employer says that he 's harming his business . 
  not because the employee in question turned out to be not qualified enough or something * specific * like that , but just because i say `` you harm my business '' . 
   you can be fired , and if you do n't like it , then go to court . 
  that way employer already have to be careful when firing you , because violating your rights include potentially huge costs for him . 
  in perfect world in perfect country , yes . 
  practically , though , in most cases employer is way richer than any common individual and can afford an army of lawyers who will make the life of fired employee even more miserable . 
   is this a better shot ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  very awkward pose . 
  first version i like more , even considering that framing was far from perferct . 
  also , using white background is n't high key . 
  [ here ] ( https://photoflex.com/index.php?/liteblog/high-key-portraiture.-a-brief-overview ) is good explanation of high/low key portraits . 
  i see your point . 
  i also see two problems here . 
  first problem is this : almost all ( if not just all ) societies and governments are corrupt to some extent . 
  there is a possibility of governmental influence , when what seems to be a decision of a private entity is actually done because government unofficially told so . 
  and second problem is that some opinions and thoughts can be generally unwanted or unacceptable in some society , so finding more tolerant or sympathizing employer can be extremely hard or impossible . 
  that 's a kind of tricky question , there is , of course , should be some point of balance . 
  it must be somewhere between people and organizations . 
  let 's take your example . 
  the public , of course , should be allowed to denounce unpopular politician . 
  but suppose the government does n't like him , and `` hints '' that all organizations shoud n't work with him , or else something bad just could happen , that all organizations - tv channels , magazines etc. 
  - should say `` we would n't work with you just because we do n't like you '' . 
  if this is not against the law , this politician is essentially murdered . 
  he is alive , but the public does n't hear him anymore , he might as well be dead . 
  people should have the right to , ah , do n't like other people . 
  organizations shoud n't . 
  because the law is the only known way to make clear , ah , line in the sand that is unbiased at least to some extent . 
  yes , the laws can be bad or ill-conceived , or ignored . 
  but this is at least some starting point . 
  laws can be changed , people can be forced to follow the law . 
  if random people are allowed to judge ... well , there is a reason why the lynch mob is bad . 
   the laws you mention are the reason foreign owned media is heavily restricted in russia . 
  [ `` the united states allow foreigners to control not more than 25 percent of american tv and radio stations , while japan has set this limit at 20 percent . 
  france will not allow non-eu citizens and companies to possess more than 20 percent of its mass media . 
  in the uk , the shares of foreign stockholders in mass media corporations can not exceed those owned by british investors . '' ] ( http://rt.com/politics/196084-russia-mass-media-foreign/ ), 
  ( i do n't say that this makes russian position towards foreign owned media good somehow , but when media is widely used as a weapon , there is n't any other way . 
  at least i do n't see any . ), 
  i think that the point of balance should be somewhere around the line between private or rather out-of-work life , and the work or business itself . 
  let 's take your second example . 
  one thing is when an employee is somehow using your business to promote his views , and you 're getting bad publicity because of that . 
  completely another is when said employee does n't even mentions you , but you end up with bad publicity because someone decided to dig things up and use * you * to put pressure on that activist because it just happens that he 's your employee . 
  let 's imagine that we 're in early/mid xx century , and you 're getting bad publicity because one of your employees is black . 
  what would be better : to fire him , or to suck it up ? 
  not for business , of course - it is completely clear what would be better for business alone . 
  but even businessmen are people . 
  well , at least some of them . 
  i think start with russian movies and tv shows for children . 
  if you can understand at least * something * , then go on . 
   which was about 82 % of the total casualties of famine in that year, 
  false . 
   coupled with that was the fact that ukraine faced increased quotas despite decreasing harvests, 
  false , the quotas were reduced . 
   lack of provided aid by the soviet government, 
  false , there were many tons of food and grain sent to starving regions . 
   very obvious that is was man-made .
