  the west ; the countries of europe and america . 
  til . 
  i dunno , may be try and read the actual article ? 
  the law celebrating and prohibiting critique of the organization that was an important asset in the holocaust , the celebrations of said organization in babiy yar , the place filled up to the top with ghosts of jews exterminated there ... 
  this is all fucked up . 
  wrong subreddit . 
  prime lenses are n't anything special , actually . 
  it 's just that the optical scheme is so much simple it is possible to have outstanding image quality and wide aperture without investing a ton of money . 
  for instance , canon 50/1 .8 costs at a tiny fraction of 70-200l / 2.8 while having similar ( if not better ) image quality and wider aperture . 
  inexpensive prime ( 35 or 50 mm ) will allow you to get shallow depth of field and crisp images ( both hard with kit lens ) . 
  it also will force you to think more about the picture by applying a restriction of not being able to zoom in and out . 
  inexpensive zoom , that 's kind of reverse : mediocre image quality at best , but oh so convenient for different situations . 
  whatever will be more fun , that depends on you , but if you 're at least somewhat serious about photography , get yourself a prime . 
  for touristy shooting , get a zoom . 
  that 's actually pretty simple : upgrade when you want to shoot something but your camera stands in the way , be it too poor iso performance for low light , or too slow series to get that amazing sport moment or too low resolution to print it wall-wide or whatever . 
  upgrading camera just because marketing guys keep telling you there is better one is pretty stupid : after all , there 's always a `` better '' camera . 
  nope , does n't work , sorry . 
  there are many objects in this shot , and they do n't play together at all . 
  may be with some dodging & burning to `` calm down '' trees and shrubs and make the building stand out more . 
  but then there are those leaves in top left ... too much to edit it out , i think . 
  since i 'm only 33 , i only caught the decline of the ussr . 
  oranges for me are still associated with new year celebration because that was the only time i saw and tasted them . 
  i remember my parents often in rush to * get * something rare : good clothes and boots , good toys . 
  later , it was required to stand in a queue for hours to buy milk or meat . 
  my parents did n't drink ( except that one bottle of soviet champagne each new year ) , but there always were several bottles of stolichnaya vodka in the closet : it was kind of money substitute , mostly for plumbers and such . 
  they were not expected to do any work just for their salary . 
  as a child , i did n't bothered with all those , though , next issue of `` science & life '' or tinkering with that gdr-made optics construction set * was far more important . 
  or , you know , hanging out with other kids . 
  * i do n't know how to properly translate it ; basically , something like lego or meccano but for building spyglasses and telescopes of several different designs . 
  still do n't know how father managed to * get * it . 
  the transition was catastrophic . 
  my parents saved up for me and my brother from our birth , they kept the money in sberbank ( the only bank back then ) and they were too late to get it out when things started to change . 
  it was about 2000 soviet rubles i believe . 
  enough to buy a car , or at least not too far from that . 
  when it was possible to take the money out of bank ( years later ) , it was n't really worth it : in current prices , you can buy a pair of pants for that , cheap one . 
  my parents were n't getting paid for months , so father just did all the work he managed to find , mostly fixing electronics and other devices . 
  then computers started to get popular . 
  both father and i were kind of computer enthusiasts ( even in times when we only read about them ) , we managed to self-educate in all things computer . 
  computers were expensive , but people who bought them - for business or status - just did n't understand how to do anything with them , how to fix them , and there were money to be found there . 
  that self-educated do-it-all approach bit me in the ass later , but that 's completely different story . 
   all open source word editors are a mirror copy of mword . 
  all open source spreadsheet editors are a mirror copy of excel . 
  they are n't . 
  the compatibility with ms office is mediocre ( except for simplest documents ) , the automation is nearly undocumented , api is completely incompatible with vba . 
  that said , openoffice is quite enough for any school needs . 
   if vba has to be mentioned in education it 's only that it 's absolute shit, 
  all the alternatives are even worse . 
   saying this , office tools , graphical editors , browsers and others apps is not what has to be taught at school . 
  i disagree . 
  everyone need to know at least basics of those tools just to know that they do exist and what are their main capabilities . 
   most kids already know what 's this and how to use it by the time they get to school . 
  as a computer science school teacher , i disagree completely . 
  most kids do n't know anything beyond the very basics , anything that requires digging into menus . 
  even simple things like auto page numbers and generated table of contents are mind-blowing to them . 
   they might be shot by ak as they fly at low altitude . 
  actually no , working altitude for those drones is 5-7 km . 
  more cores is more processing power , it 's just hard to use yet . 
  wide-spread programming languages carry the legacy of single-threaded mindset of xx century . 
  it changes , though , functional paradigm that makes parallel programming much simpler is making its way from labs and researches to production . 
   this will be happening until capitalism destroys our own education system ( we are almost there ), 
  elaborate , please . 
  not all go overseas , not all kinds of the talent are needed in hi-tech industry . 
  i very much doubt that talented russian teachers are in demand there . 
  if you 're into `` thinking '' sci-fi , you might like '' \u0413\u0430\u0434\u043a\u0438\u0435 \u043b\u0435\u0431\u0435\u0434\u0438 '' ( based on the same-named novel by strugatsky brothers ) . 
   should be completely equal, 
   native, 
  not sure if serious . 
  it differs significantly , ending is completely different . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=77&amp;v=jbxjpvstwo8 ) explains it very well . 
   also the russians love the soviet scorched-earth warfare . 
  my bullshit ` o'meter just blew up . 
  almost every one sports/events shooter around me is using 70-200/2 .8 , is or no based on the budget . 
  cameras range from 500d to 1d mark iv , but that particular lens is literally everywhere . 
  i think there must be a reason behind it . 
  18-135 , 24 pancake for walk around and 50/1 .8 stm for occasional portrait work . 
  i think you have all your bases covered for now . 
  they are decent , as are most others major manufacturers . 
  my work borders on tech support , and i do n't remember kingston flash cards ( or other products for that matter ) being somewhat inferior to the alternatives . 
  i 've never had any reliability problems with transcend , sundisk and kingston products . 
  have n't used others ( except for samsung ram modules , they 're quite reliable too ) . 
   easily googable questions are not allowed . 
  may be read [ the python tutorial ] ( https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/ ) ? 
   even russians who speak english consume primarily russian media . 
  i think there should be some kind of punishment for overgeneralization . 
  sky is interesting , so is water , but black trees kind of ruin it . 
  about half of the picture is just nothing . 
  all this geometry masks the face , distracts from it . 
  was it intentional effect ? 
  well , the eyes do stand out . 
  face features are all abstracted out though . 
  i also [ tried to crop out ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cau9he0.jpg ) those near-vertical lines at the left part of the photo ( a fence ? 
  ) , and i think it works better that way . 
  ( also some quick burning of the lines that were left so they do n't distract . ), 
   because the fence is on the left side and the light helps to guide the gaze along the normal way to see for westerners, 
  i think this did n't quite worked because lines of the fence guide the gaze to the shoulder , and then there is n't any direct geometric link to the face . 
  [ here is the facebook page of this company , there are some posts about it . 
  ] ( https://www.facebook.com/pages/don-giulio-salumeria-formaggeria-prodotti-italiani-a-mosca/534309376656366 ), 
  detective movies , not novels . 
  `` software '' is more correct term . 
   for example during the ww2 , soviet partisans attacked many villages in eastern finland killing all civilians and burning them to the ground .
