  thing is , buk missile leaves [ a huge visible trail from the ground ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddxscnekap0&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=22 ) which i ca n't find at all on the video you 've linked . 
  also , it is clearly visible that the missile hit the engine . 
  buk missile expodes near aircraft , sending hundred of small metal pieces in a cone , shredding target . 
  this video looks more like a result of ir-guided missile hit . 
  you have some proof that this plane was shot down intentionally ? 
  do share . 
  aaaaand downvotes for going against current circlejerk . 
   there have n't been any significant reports that kiev troops have advanced on the area, 
  there are , however , [ reports ] ( http://novorossy.ru/news/news_post/ukrainskie-voennye-vedut-ogon-po-donecku-iz-ustanovok-grad ) that kiev forces intensified fighting, 
   there is overwhelming proof that not only they are responsible , but that they have tampered with evidence in the most inhumane ways . 
  please share . 
   we have access to photos , videos , audio recordings . 
  look , with current technology it is incredible easy to doctor any photo , video or audio recording . 
  all this ` evidence ' must be checked by professionals for doctoring , only after that it can be used as an actual evidence . 
   the russian public might just suck up whatever they spew on state tv stations , but it 's not working like that out here . 
  it works just like this . 
  rebels do n't touch bodies because they were asked not to move anything ? 
  bad rebels , they let bodies rot . 
  rebels move bodies to refrigerated train cars ? 
  bad rebels , they are , ah , moving bodies , which is bad . 
  rebels tell us that they will transport bodies to kharkiv and to relatives after that ? 
  well ... that does n't fit the picture , so let 's just say that rebels took them to unknown direction . 
  nobody will ask osce observers , after all , because we told the public that rebels do n't allow access to the site ( which was , by the way , outright lie ) . 
   the ussr fell and quickly russia became a normal , peaceful player in the world . 
  you obviously do n't know jack shit about what russia became after ussr fell with the help of western economical advisers . 
  according to three referendums in which crimean citizens clearly stated that they do n't want to be a part of ukraine ( one in 1991 , another in 1994 and finally in 2014 ) , things are that simple . 
  so it 's not an invasion if it 's only 30 miles ? 
  this is one possible benefit , yes . 
  i doubt though that it outweighs all the losses of such decision . 
  there is already anti-russian shitstorm in action , it is actually scary to think what it can become in just a few years . 
  they did n't force anybody to vote . 
  it 's not ` not the best ' , it 's pretty damn stupid . 
   telling me i ca n't criticize a group for killing innocent civilians, 
  nobody tells you so . 
  thing is that ... 
   if it 's true , yes that bothers me, 
  ... that nobody shows that . 
  dead ukrainian civilians do n't seem to bother anyone , to the point that you even question why rebels call kiev government ` bloodthirsty lunatics ' . 
  because they fucking shell cities with grad rockets , that 's why . 
  ukraine used military aircrafts in this operation , there are plenty of reasons to shoot down a plane ( that is if you think that it is military ) . 
  there were no reasons to allow civilian flights across the area , though . 
   yes , their total lack of cooperation - shooting at osce representatives, 
  [ why are you spreading media lies ? 
   make no mistake , the russians are also being fed the same stuff on their side, 
  actually , not . 
  i mean , there is , of course , propaganda , but it 's anti-warmongering propaganda for a change ( for example , [ this ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=ru&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=ru&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.online812.ru%2f2014%2f07%2f15%2f015%2f&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ) \\ ) . 
  common people in russia are already fed up with ukrainian government brutality in eastern ukraine which was largely unreported by the western media to this day , but finally osce observers [ started doing their thing ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmfyjm3qvui ) , so i hope things will change . 
  us presidents must be satan level villains then . 
   yet we know of multiple cases where those rebels have shot down planes in the days leading up to the disaster ... 
  yes we do . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  there is always a place for an error , long history of shot down civilian planes confirms it . 
  allowing civilian planes to a zone where were confirmed anti-air attacks is gambling with passengers ' lives . 
   and we have an actual phone call between russian intelligence and rebel leadership . 
  are you audio expert ? 
  are you able to confirm that this ` phone call ' that was oh so conveniently released just after the tragedy is not doctored ? 
  doubt it . 
  it 's sickening how people are willing to believe anything on internet those days . 
   if they refuse , the international community should step in and take those rebels out . 
  you mean , like the international community stepped forward when usa shot down civilian airliner ? 
  or like it stepped forward when ukraine did that ? 
  ( they even refused to admit it for years . ), 
  yet nobody was held responsible . 
  i 'm not saying that this is right , by the way . 
  i 'm saying that you 're thinking too high of ` the international community ' . 
  rebels are weak , but if it was a false flag operation or an error on ukrainian side , i do n't think that we will know the name of the man who did it . 
   again , it 's very common for high-flying civilian aircraft to fly over warzones . 
  not when advanced anti-air systems are in action . 
   civilian airplanes fly high and ca n't really be mistake for a military aircraft unless you 're really incompetent . 
  seems like you have some knowledge in this . 
  how much experience do you have operating buks or similar sam systems ? 
  media tells how rebels shoot at osce representatives . 
  osce representatives tweet that that was not the case and they were not shot at . 
  what 's so hard to understand there ? 
  most sites on teh internets say that 7km is service ceiling for su-25 , not absolute . 
  where did you get that info that it 's absolute ceiling is 7km ? 
  su-25 can carry guided aa missiles , r-60 that have 8km operational range and 20km ceiling ( at least according to wikipedia ), 
   you probably were really bugged when people thought that russian military was involved in crimea too . 
  it was kind of obvious , with all this fancy equipment and training . 
  which is lacking in eastern ukraine . 
   why are the rebels doing everything they can to prevent investigators from having access to the plane before it has been tampered with ? 
  osce observers had access to the plane . 
  now malaysian and dutch investigators have arrived and they have the access too . 
  there was already an interview with one of rebel 's leaders who said that they have the black boxes and that they ready to give them to malaysian investigators . 
  srsly , the media just spun it out of control . 
  most sites on the internet say that 7km is service ceiling for su-25 , not absolute . 
  where did you get this info about absolute ceiling ? 
  you mean , like all other ` evidence ' that was used in anti-russian accusations ? 
   only your friends with the rifles would have let the people with the diggers help you . 
  what ` people with the diggers ' ? 
  it 's a witch hunt time here on reddit , do n't bother arguing . 
  that 's a legitimate question . 
  but they do have both buk launchers and ( unlike the rebels ) buk target acquisition radars in that region . 
  russia 's ministry of defense showed satellite images that confirm that , and buks where spotted previously on photos of ukrainian army when they took slavyansk . 
   we know no ukrainian sam sites are operational in that area, 
  actually , we know that just the opposite is true . 
  it was basically ` some military aircraft , probably su-25 ' . 
   this sudden change of heart, 
  moscow outright refused to receive those black boxes , it was reported on the next day after the tragedy . 
   the plane was in fact first shot by the buk and then intercepted by the su-25 in the positions russian claim it happened,
