  you can google for ` ukraine wolfsangel ' , there are tons of pictures . 
  i do n't know about estonia , but in ukraine those ` freedom fighters ' committed horrible atrocities , killing about 200 thousands of poles and jews who lived there , women and children included . 
  you can google for pictures , those events were well documented , but i must warn you : those are very nsfl . 
  political and ideological leader of those people was stepan bandera , who is praised as a national hero in ukraine ( especially in western ukraine ) . 
  there are historical documents , letters where he discusses details of ` ethnical control ' and ` selective ethnical killings ' . 
  so no , anyone praising bandera as a hero is either nazi or at least nazi sympathizer . 
  those people praise stepan bandera as a national hero . 
  nazi collaborator , supporter of the ethnical cleansing policy ; his followers killed about 200 thousand poles and jews who lived in ukraine , women and children included . 
  that counts as nazism in my books . 
   however , if you have complete freedom of ideas , you will find radical religion ... radical anything ... will never flourish . 
  so all those british radical islamists are non-existent ? 
  those people who are recruited using extremists literature and brainwashing in different european countries are non-existent ? 
  you , good sir , are an idealist . 
  idealism belongs to ideal world , not ours . 
   counter ideas with other ideas . 
  it does n't work that way with radical ideas . 
  people brainwashed by extremist literature simply * do not listen * your ` counter-ideas ' , they * do n't need them * , they are perfectly ok with their imaginary heavens and gods and their very real atrocities they commit to get there . 
  you see , ideas are not just some passive information . 
  ideas affect our brain , our mind , they change it , program it . 
  harmful ideas are like computer viruses , and they must be contained . 
  censorship is a tool . 
  a weapon . 
  weapons are not needed in ideal world , but , sadly , are needed in ours . 
  weapons can be misused , they can be used to harm people , to oppress them . 
  they can also be used to protect people , and as long there is need to protect people from other people , as long there will be weapons . 
  censorship included . 
  one crime does not justifies another . 
  and yes , people who ` praise stalin as a hero ' without mentioning dark sides of his rule are generally nuts . 
  you can have though an important historical figure that has done different things , both horrible and good ( for example , cromwell ) . 
  i do n't see any ` ultra-nationalism ' there , or ` fascism ' . 
  please elaborate on alexander tkachyov and leonid markelov ` killing all local opposition ' . 
  as for chechnya , the opposition there just happened to be radical islamists wanting basically the same isis wants now . 
   so did russians . 
  yes , and they were prosecuted . 
  hence ` half-justified ' : crimean tatars were also prosecuted . 
  indiscriminately , hence ` atrocity ' . 
   writing it off as natural, 
  nobody is writing it off as natural . 
  it is ` man-made famine ' in a sense that besides climate , there was also significant human factor that led to it . 
  not in a sense that ` communinsts purposefully starved to death ukrainians ' , as some try to twist it . 
  historians analyzed soviet archives after they were opened ( ` year of hunger ' is probably the best historical book on holodomor , it is heavily based on those archives ) and they did not found any evidence of intent . 
  more so , there is massive evidence on how soviets fought that famine , which would be absurd in the case of genocide . 
  there were many more who tried to make things worse for local resistance . 
  but that 's not my point , this discussions went sideways . 
  my point is , we do n't even know it were russians who deported them and that it were russians who managed that deportation so badly that many deportees died because of it . 
  it was all ussr , those were soviet people who did it : russians , ukrainians , georgians , uzbeks and many other ethnicities . 
  yet now it is somehow russians who are responsible for all the horrors of soviet rule . 
   ` killing all local opposition ', 
  i thought you meant it literally . 
  also ,, 
   the cossacks harassing people at the olympics were his men . 
  were they ` harassing ' anyone besides pussy riot ? 
  no u, 
   to hell with communism !!, 
  i hope that you are aware that russia is capitalist country and this is joke or something like that . 
  ah , so you 're just completely nuts . 
  of course they are allowed to settle there if they have money to do it . 
  most refugees do n't . 
  to put them all in western regions means to put great strain on those regions since regional government provides living space and money for living . 
  so refugees are distributed across all russia , including siberia and far east ( and west too ; for example , tambov oblast hosts about 5000 refugees ) . 
   ideas should never be compared to viruses . 
  they are not a disease or a sickness . 
  they do n't `` mess up '' our brains . 
  countless religious fanatics beg to disagree with you . 
   you will be considered a fool , a drunk or addict or a psycho, 
  nope . 
  a little weird , may be , nothing more . 
  first , not all refugees are being sent to ` the most difficult parts of the country ' , they are distributed more or less evenly . 
  second , even infamous magadan is not ` the most difficult part of the country ' , far from it : [ climate there ] ( https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%d0%9c%d0%b0%d0%b3%d0%b0%d0%b4%d0%b0%d0%bd#.d0.9a.d0.bb.d0.b8.d0.bc.d0.b0.d1.82 ) is completely reasonable ( summers are cold , but winters are milder than in west russia , we here in tambov region get -35 \u00b0 c like every second year ) . 
  add to that higher salaries ( quick search shows job offers that are like twice that we get in tambov ) and it starts to sound just fine . 
  but the main reason is their own army bombing them and turning their cities in unlivable ruins without basic infrastructure . 
   it seems an obvious and more direct way to target specific individuals . 
  it is , if you want to target specific individuals . 
  it is n't , if you want to slow the development of the country under the some pretext . 
   reading comprehension, 
  wrong subreddit . 
   not exactly comparable with the ukraine situation which has a democracy . 
  ` ukrainian democracy ' forced hundreds of thousands of their own citizens to flee their homes where they were indiscriminately shelled by their own army . 
  and guess where those refugees had fled to ? 
  to alleged ` aggressor country ' . 
  novorossia is historically russian region populated mostly by russians . 
  you should educate yourself instead of posting obvious bullshit . 
  ukraine complains about everything those days it seems . 
  sadly , they constantly fail to provide any evidence . 
   hard labor, 
  this is completely incorrect translation . 
  ` corrective labor ' , according to [ russian criminal codex ] ( http://www.zakonrf.info/uk/50/ ) for employed people is just their usual work , but they pay up to 20 % of their salary to the state . 
  if one is not employed , local authorities provide some work ( usually that requires low or no skills , like janitor 's work ) . 
  incorrect title and incorrect translation . 
  ` corrective labor ' , according to russian criminal codex for employed people is just their usual work , but they pay up to 20 % of their salary to the state . 
  if one is not employed , local authorities provide some work ( usually that requires low or no skills , like janitor 's work ) . 
  shipilov was sentenced to 11 months of corrective labor not now , but in 2012 , and chose to evade it ( one can go in prison for evading a sentence ) . 
  the article is about shipilov being finally arrested for that . 
  for those who does n't know , the bat is the emblem of gru 's spetsnaz ( special forces ), 
  it originates in late eighties , according to [ this article ] ( http://www.intermonitor.ru/istoriya-letuchej-myshi-v-embleme-gru/ ) . 
  it 's not official , but apparently spetznas guys like it and use it . 
   11 months of hard labor, 
  this is incorrect translation . 
  corrective labor , by russian criminal codex , is your usual work if you 're employed , but some part ( up to 20 % ) of salary goes to the state . 
  if you 're not employed , local government must find work for you ( usually something that requires no skills , like janitor 's work ) and then it goes the same way .
