  and yes , those were the right books . 
  very , very right . 
  try all three . 
  personally , i prefer affli for questing when a lot of stuff needs to die . 
  just dot things up while running across the zone and loot as they die . 
  destro , this one is for big stuff . 
  do n't get me wrong , affli is perfectly fine with it too ( even better if you get a little over your head ) , but i just like the oomph of big-ass chaos bolts . 
  destro rotation on the small stuff could be a bit clunky . 
  demo is the odd one . 
  you either love it or hate it . 
  although do reconsider as your haste hits 20 % or more , demo needs a lot of haste to shine . 
   wet noddle chaos bolts, 
  i 'm sorry , but my cbs hit for 1.4-1 .6 mil now at 880 ilvl . 
  while i ca n't eradicate anything meaningful with just a one cb , this damage does n't feel like a `` wet noodle '' for me . 
  am i doing something wrong ? 
   i 'm shocked by how easy it is to do things without any of the downsides my lock had, 
  in what spec do you kill elites ? 
  i have a fire mage alt ( horribly underplayed though , still at 102 or something ) , and it was hard to manage just an extra regular mob . 
  unless there is a `` die already ! '', 
  button along the way , i just ca n't understand how mages do this stuff . 
  do n't . 
  the only reason i do n't play druids is that blood elves ca n't be ones , and i do n't do alliance or not-elf . 
  druids are beyond cool . 
   you may want to use electron and of course you can , however i do n't want to kill my ram, 
  my vs code with some addons takes about 200-300 mb of ram . 
  which is a lot , by the standards of emacs or vim , but it 's not by the standards of the modern technology . 
  they do n't look very good , actually . 
  for instance , their font rendering is [ kind of shit ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ywac2e1.png ) . 
  ( monoid font family , designed to look sharp at certain size - but obviously it does n't . ), 
  ca n't agree . 
  compared to the only viable alternative ( onenote ) , it 's lightning fast . 
  actually , it 's simply fast even without any comparison , besides a couple of really outdated devices ( lumia 720 and ipad mini 1st gen ) , and even there it 's completely usable ( ca n't say this for onenote ) . 
  windows evernote bloated ? 
  i 'm not sure i understand the word the same way as you . 
  my notebook takes 13 mb of ram and works fast enough for zero lag , even when opening fairly large web clips or pdfs . 
  voidwalker is a tank , you should ' t use it in dungeons even with the taunt ability turned off , for other demons hit harder . 
  use imp for destro spec , fel dog for affliction , special fel dude with a big axe for demonology . 
  succubus is a kind of pvp demon , but it is situational . 
  imp has a little heal move and can burn off debuffs if i 'm not mistaken . 
  dog can interrupt casts , you will want that on a handy hotkey for some situations like pvp . 
  it also can burn off buffs from enemies , but personally it was never useful for me except for the legion class mount quest . 
  succubus has a long stun and that whip ability for pushing people off cliffs , fun stuff but the dog interrupt is more useful usually . 
  later on you will have a talent which will allow to call a second demon for a while which will immediately do its shtick on the target ( mostly used as an interrupt with the dog ) . 
  closer to the endgame you will have the option to summon a greater demon on a cooldown ( basically single target or aoe with aoe stun ) , and then to bring those demons as permanent pets . 
  doomguard is the best for pvp with a massive slow and an interrupt , while infernal is a great pve tank ( although voidwalker could be sturdier in some situations ) . 
  in group or raid situations though , you should generally stick to your usual demons and keep those big guys for the bosses . 
  dh , hands down . 
  try both specs , though . 
  i have rerolled from a warlock to a dk just because i ca n't stand havoc . 
  vengeance is good and all , but havoc ... do not want . 
  just not my thing on so many levels . 
  blood is nearly as good as veng , and i have two dps specs i actually like . 
  that mobility , though . 
  almost worth the shitty dps spec , but no . 
  just demo would be enough . 
  affli and desto are more or less enjoyable , but demo is awfully clunky with that empower spam . 
  i would n't hold my breath , though . 
  so much this . 
  rift got this right , my mage was really using his staff or sword as an instrument for casting spells . 
  except the last golden talent of the demo artifact ( before concordance , that is ) wants us to cast empower as much as possible ( 50 % chance for all demons to do additional damage to the target ) . 
  it seems that whoever is behind demo design wants it to be spammy . 
  melees in wow use their weapons , they actually have unique animations for most of the skills , not just general sword swinging . 
  i do n't think it 's harder to do the same for casters . 
  you will need quite a lot of haste for demo rotation to work properly . 
  about 20 % or so at the minimum . 
  before that , do n't even touch it , you will probably hate it . 
  fortunately , destro also likes haste , so you could play that spec while gearing up . 
  at my current ~ ~ 37 % ~ ~ 29 % , it feels very nice even with rather shitty legendaries ( celumbra & that ring that gives grimoire of synergy ) . 
  affli is still better at soloing some things due to drain tanking and better mobility , though , so keep ulthalesh properly upgraded too . 
  ( edit : do n't know where i got 37 % from , but the point stands . ), 
   with sublime text , vim , and vs code all existing , i 'm not sure what the point of atom is . 
  ftfy . 
  seriously though , vs code is light years ahead of atom in both usability and especially performance . 
  vs code is not just a text editor , though , it 's closer to an ide . 
  you would need a ton of plugins to make vim to do what code does without any . 
   like characters appearing with a noticeable delay after pressing the key , sometimes around 100ms . 
  are you running it on a toaster ? 
  i have a pretty outdated machine ( phenom ii 975 + 12gb ram ) , and there is no delay whatsoever . 
  startup time is nothing to write home about , but otherwise it 's very snappy . 
   i think they 'll push it as vs online and try turn it into a service . 
  you 've got it backwards , the engine behind vs code ( at least behind its first versions ) whas taken from vs online . 
  who cares about a couple hundred megabytes when it 's like 3-5 % of the available memory . 
  what matters is performance , and in this department they are not similar at all , despite both being based on electron . 
  i do n't see vs code there . 
   also it has the worst performance an editor could have , closely followed by atom . 
  like characters appearing with a noticeable delay after pressing the key , sometimes around 100ms . 
  i thought you were talking about something factual , not your imaginations . 
  sorry , english is n't my native language , i did not understood you correctly . 
  atom and vs code may rely on the same technology , but they use it differently , and it 's very obvious . 
  i have tried this typometer on my machine , and it shows 33,3 to 33,6 ms latency in vs code ( finishes the test with some error , though ) , as compared to 17-20ms in notepad + + i ca n't consider it bad at all . 
  certainly nowhere close to the atom results from the article which you blindly assumed to be true for vs code too . 
  writing a hello world app in electron would be highly inefficient . 
  considering how much vs code is capable of right out of the box , though , it 's actually pretty lightweight . 
  ( and no , it 's more like 65 mb of js & friends and 110mb of binary runtime . ), 
  leveling dungeons are not balanced very well . 
  at the cap warlocks are very good , all three specs . 
  kings of soloing too , especially affliction . 
  it suddenly becomes very interesting when you 're in a situation where other inferior dps classes are dying left and right and you just stand there , cursing enemies to their death and sustaining yourself on theirs souls . 
  in other words , if you find affli boring , that 's because you 're in a content that 's too easy for you . 
  words of a consumer , not a creator .
