  there are blocked sites , mostly for child porn or extermism ; but some internet providers act lazy and block ip addresses so entire server hosting both illicit and innocent pages becomes inaccessible . 
  nothing that tor browser ca n't fix , though . 
  major sites like the ones you listed are n't blocked . 
  yeah , this too . 
   that just seems so deeply unhealthy . 
  a military theme park . 
  man , that just is n't right . 
  what 's wrong about it ? 
   promotion of the military as a normal and every-day aspect of normal life for children, 
  by that logic , every entertainment installation , however unrealistic it is , like some superhero theme park , is promoting superheroes as a normal and every-day aspect of normal life . 
  i think that there may be some kind of flaw . 
  it 's a hard sci-fi `` fictional piece of entertainment '' . 
  that is , it promises to have some specific traits that are sought by some . 
  presenting known facts correctly is one of those traits . 
  probability of tekla to russian culture is very close to zero . 
  there is literally one tekla in russian history i managed to find ( thekla walentynowicz , wife of prince platon zubov ) ; she was lithuanian . 
  the most probable reason is that it pronounces same as the verb `` tekla '' ( `` to flow '' , past tense , feminine form ) ; it would lead to all kinds of misunderstandings and awkward situations . 
  there are some fyoklas , but it 's a different form of that name . 
  saying that tekla is russian is like saying that ivan is perfectly british name since it 's just a different form of john . 
  thanks . 
  i will give it another try . 
  does n't looks like an encoding issue . 
  i think / u/swarmer may be right about buffer overflow . 
  what version of python are you using ? 
  run, 
  import sys, 
  print ( sys.version ), 
  what it says ? 
   certainly dispora has amazing ideas but reading it felt 5 times as long as reading this longer novel did . 
  well , not for me ; after i got through the introduction ( `` birth '' of yatima ) , it was a breeze . 
  i just could n't stop reading . 
  just put yourself in my shoes . 
  you 're reading russian sci-fi novel were british astronaut is called ivan . 
  not because he 's of russian origin , no , he 's 100 % british . 
  just the author failed to realise that the english form of this ancient originally jewish name is not ivan , but john . 
  the additional confusion of `` tekla '' being actual word ( none of names in russian coincide with `` regular '' words ) i ca n't translate directly . 
  may be imagine a name that reads like `` she flowed '' that is supposed to be just perfectly regular name ( however rare ) . 
  of course , all of this is very minor issue , but i find it quite irritating . 
  yes . 
  [ java is very verbose . 
  ] ( http://steve-yegge.blogspot.ru/2007/12/codes-worst-enemy.html ), 
  there is no need to limit yourself to those two , though . 
  there are good languages for the jvm ( like clojure or scala ) . 
  big plus of the jvm is backward compatibility . 
  programs written for jvm 1.4 ( that 's eleven years old ! ), 
  still work just fine . 
  i 'm pretty sure that python code written eleven years ago will require some fixing in order to get it running today . 
  good luck with that if it 's dependent on some old unsupported library . 
  scala as an introductory language is a very bad idea . 
  it 's just too complex for that . 
  try [ sicp ] ( https://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/ ) . 
  european part of the russia ( west of ural mountains ) is nearly 100 % covered , including small cities . 
  east of ural is another story ; internet access in far eastern russia is ridiculously expensive and slow . 
  anyways , according to [ this document ] ( http://2014.russianinternetforum.ru/upload/runet-today--rif2014.pdf ) , 48 % of all russian internet users live in small ( < 100k ) cities and villages . 
  i do n't know about khan , but codecademy course does n't really explain anything , they just show things . 
  some of my students ( i 'm a cs teacher of sorts ) just do n't get it this way . 
  sicp approach is different , more fundamental ; it 's worth trying if codecademy-like content does n't `` click '' . 
  ... says us government propaganda piece . 
   live in russia . 
  been doing that for the last 33 years . 
   act gay, 
  dislike for open gayness is cultural thing common for most of eastern europe ( hi poland ! ) . 
  as any other cultural thing , it 's not going to change fast . 
   hate on putin, 
  that 's stupid , and not because it 's dangerous . 
  hate is not constructive , and i dislike irrational stupidity . 
  putin 's critics , on the other hand , are doing just fine , generally . 
  not that it 's reported in the western press , though ; opposition in russia is reported only if it does something stupid and causes `` state oppression '' . 
   after that tell everyone the soviets were idiots who kept people in bread lines . 
  and why should i engage in history falsification ? 
  everyone knows that things were bad at the decline of the ussr ; i was there too and experienced that first-handily . 
  everyone also knows that the ussr was n't always like this . 
  you wo n't be arrested for criticising putin , or acting gay , or even blacksmearing ussr history in russia either . 
   the lack of tolerance for smearing putin, 
  except lurkmore was n't blacklisted for smearing putin . 
   drop a flash stick with something like stuxnet, 
  it is very easy to disable usb access in windows xp . 
  actually , i very much doubt that it 's not configured to restrict anything except needed software . 
  those are * business * socks . 
  this is a serious difference !, 
  full-fledged task manager would be a little bit too much , i think . 
  but using checkboxes as a tag , that would be great . 
  ( like in onenote , where it show a list of all the checkboxes in all the notes . ), 
  actually , it has little to do with the economical situation . 
  cellular operators do n't have any contracts with iphones here , so the main reason is that the only way to buy an iphone is to pay its full cost , which with all taxes is about $ 1000 for iphone 6 . 
   in russia people who want to buy iphone can get at 12-24 month loan straight at the mobile phone shop, 
  if you have stable income ( so no for students/unemployed ) , if the bank approves ( it often does though ) and if you 're willing to overpay about 20-40 % for each year . 
   it is in russian-only and therefore useless for english-speaking users . 
  rule 3 . 
  this subreddit is bilingual . 
  actually , iphones [ sell quite well ] ( http://top.rbc.ru/technology_and_media/05/03/2015/54f6fb6f9a7947f0df8cb64c ) in the 2015 , compared to 2014 . 
  the other devices just sell even better . 
  before the crisis , iphone would cost about 1.5 of an average monthly salary ; it was and it is a gadget for relatively wealthy , unaffordable for the common folk . 
  well , some serious learning overhead is pretty much a given , since it 's all new for me ; actually , it 's the main reason i consider a web app since i 'm not getting paid for that ( it 's more of a learning exercise that , if successful , will be used in [ small-time ] production ) . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  thanks for the detailed answer !, 
   ask russia, 
  til . 
  thanks !, 
   russia contains half the world 's neo-nazi 's , so what do you make of that ?
