  there is , unfortunately , no way to preserve html formatting in onenote because it uses completely different approach to text layout . 
  * some * formatting is saved , but generally web page is ruined . 
  that 's why web clipper saves page image . 
  evernote , on the other hand , is html-based , so it is possible to preserve not only text but also ( almost ) exact layout . 
   in the us , the proverbial 1 % control about a third of the total household wealth ; that 's a few million people calling the shots . 
  `` it turns out that wealth inequality is n't about the 1 percent v. the 99 percent at all . 
  it 's about the 0.1 percent v. the 99.9 percent ( or , really , the 0.01 percent vs. the 99.99 percent , if you like ) . 
  long-story-short is that this group , comprised mostly of bankers and ceos , is riding the stock market to pick up extraordinary investment income . 
  was . 
  vk started as a facebook clone , true enough . 
  it went different way since then . 
  many people find it much more usable . 
  facebook interface is a total mess . 
   crimea belonged to cossacks and tatars initially, 
  `` in ancient times , it was the home of cimmerians and scythians , as well as the site of greek colonies . 
  the most important city was chersonesos at the edge of today 's sevastopol . 
  later occupiers included the romans , goths , huns , bulgars , khazars , the state of kievan rus ' , the byzantine empire , the kipchaks , and the golden horde . 
  in the 13th century , portions were controlled by the republic of venice and by the republic of genoa . '', 
  initially my ass . 
  i do n't quite get your point . 
  are you trying to prove that tatars somehow have more rights on crimea than russians ? 
  on historical grounds , crimea was conquered by russian empire in xviii century . 
  that rules out tatars ( if not , then we can remember hundreds of thousands russians enslaved and killed by crimean khanate , that was main reason for conquest ) . 
  next on historical grounds , crimea was transferred in-state from one part of ussr to another part of ussr to simplify logistics . 
  after ussr dissolution , crimea was basically land grabbed by ukraine ( at least sevastopol definitely was , because while crimea was transferred to ukrainian ssr , sevastopol as a strategically important city remained in rsfsr command and answered to moscow directly ) . 
  that rules out ukrainians . 
  free-form note taking , `` endless paper sheet '' concept . 
  evernote is just too limited in that department . 
  ms outlook integration . 
  being able to assign a task with just one hotkey ? 
  priceless . 
  and it 's not just `` remote control '' thing , outlook task state is synced to onenote . 
  general layout just feels more natural to me , it just `` clicked '' ( and , as you could guess , evernote did not ) . 
  on the other hand , android onenote client is somewhat more limited and more heavyweight compared to evernote . 
  ipad client is fine though , do n't know how it is on iphone ( ok i guess ) . 
  oh , and onenote web clipping sucks . 
  i believe there is an option for this . 
  check this : http://www.onenotegem.com/2/post/2014/01/how-to-disable-print-send-to-onenote-split-pages.html, 
  ( i 'm on mobile so ca n't check myself right now . ), 
  this setting does work with really long documents . 
  51 pages or more . 
  may be that can be tweaked in the registry , do n't know yet . 
   i laugh every time west says russia has censorships, 
  well , it 's not like there are no blocked sites . 
  some * are * blocked , and some providers like rostelekom ( domolink ) play lazy and block ip addresses . 
  it 's also not like there is no censorship in the west . 
  internet is not free anymore . 
   putin explicitly tries to ban political dissent , as well as anything else that he personally does not like, 
  i seriously doubt that putin is personally involved in this somehow . 
  programming principles and practice using c++ is great book for novices . 
  it 's simple enough but does not oversimplifies things , and is not only about c++ , but more on programming in general , correct mindset and good practices . 
  10/10 would recommend . 
  the c++ pl , on the other hand , is a reference for experienced developers . 
   and what the fuck do you know about the totalitarian , fascistic , militaristic , cult-of-personality-worshiping putin regime, 
  you obviously forgot to take your medication . 
  funny thing is that borsch is actually * ukrainian * traditional dish . 
  ( and whoever added that t in the end must burn in hell . ), 
  russian traditional soup is shchi . 
  e : some minor derp . 
   we do n't have a green dedicated cone cell, 
  as far as i know , human vision is rgb . 
  m cone cells respond to ` green ' wavelengths . 
  may be i do n't get something ? . . 
   calling someone a democrat in russia is an equivalent of calling someone a commie in the us . 
  right ... 
   russians prefer authoritarianism to democracty . 
  ... and wrong . 
  democracy in russia is currently associated with yeltsin 's disastorous policies . 
  well , ukrainians historically preferred [ specific haircut ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oseledets ) , hence somewhat derogatory `` khokhol '' nickname . 
  also borscht is traditional ukrainian soup , russian one is called shchi . 
  this is all that i can remember . 
  it 's actually not , as far as i can tell . 
  russian people usually can make a distinction between a nation and it 's government . 
  school i work in is now hosting three usa teachers that came here on some exchange program ( i do n't know any details ) . 
  everything is going just fine ( except for some students joking about `` imposing sanctions '' ) . 
   disastrous , psychotic and homicidal policies of stalin, 
  stalin policies were more than just `` disastrous , psychotic and homicidal '' . 
   tolerance does not include accepting bigotry . 
  it 's not tolerance then . 
  as i get it , it 's more like a proximity sensor . 
  still a rather good idea , but i wonder what would be a price tag on this ... tag . 
  i completely agree . 
  i 'm tired of self-important ukrainian nationalists that keep telling lies . 
  someone here does n't know history well enough to discuss it . 
  hint : it 's you . 
  what you state : russia killed millions ukrainians by starving them to death . 
  what actually happened : ussr government killed millions russians , ukrainians , kazakhs and others by starving them to death . 
  and no , i 'm not your friend . 
  what bugs me most in this holodomor thing is that everybody is focusing on ukrainians and misses the fact that russians , kazakhs and other ethnicities suffered dearly too ; or , to put it in other words , it was not related to ethnicity at all . 
  that 's oversimplifying history to the point that it 's not even history at all . 
  i somehow missed it . 
  of course it 's only claims by now , but amazon price seems legit . 
  it 's good . 
  really good . 
  some of my ( former ) classmates studied there , no negative opinions whatsoever . 
   in free-speech societies , bad ideas like nazism are criticized and marginalized with better ideas eventually winning out . 
  because ... free speech is magic ? 
  why the hell ussr government is related to russian government ? 
  do you even know that russians were may be most oppressed ethnicity in all ussr ? 
  it was like 3 millions ukrainians , 1.5 millions russians and 1 million of kazakhs .
