  did you check every listing of `` sachbesch\u00e4digung '' there ? 
  because i ca n't find information on quite some of the sachbesch\u00e4digung incidents . . 
  there are several groups doing propaganda work for the afd while officially not being part of the afd . 
  money might have gone in that direction . 
  while they sure were a shady banking place in the past , the biggest economic sector of liechtenstein is manufacturing , not banking . 
  i do n't get the problem here . 
  the republic of srpska is an existing legal entity that is part of bosnia and herzegovina . 
  the only issue i see with the title is that banja luka is n't officially the capital , that would be sarajevo as far as i recall . 
  banja luka is the administrative center , kinda like the the hague / amsterdam situation . 
  this article is sadly missing the funny aspect of this story . 
  linus neumann , spokesperson of the ccc , said after this story broke that they were not actually surprised by all of this as they were already informed about this by their inside sources at the aivd  . 
  in germany the `` regular '' passport ( 32 pages , for people  24 years and as such 10 years validity ) is 59,00 eur . 
  the bigger one for the frequent non-eu traveller with 48 pages is 81,00 eur . 
  younger people only get passports valid for 6 years , no idea about the cost though , i have n't been 24 or younger for a long time . 
  as far as i recall past discussions it was considered a questionable effort as not all that much money goes to the countries most problematic about taking back their citizens . 
  my favorite , while not military : rkre\u00dca\u00dcg ( also known as rinderkennzeichnungs - und rindfleischetikettierungs\u00fcberwachungsaufgaben\u00fcbertragungsgesetz ), 
  `` owned '' is n't describing the situation correctly . 
  the railway network itself is still owned by deutsche bahn , and the regional routes are owned by the local `` verkehrsverb\u00fcnde '' ( which are controlled by local cities / districts depending on the verkehrsverbund in question ) who then contract companies to operate these routes ( under the conditions - including ticket cost - defined by the verkehrsverbund ) . 
  not much owning involved here for nex ( which is the one you mentioned i guess ) . 
  they 'll have to say quite a bit about it . 
  especially because the deportation centers are only one ( rather small ) part of the entire proposal . 
  he also wants to move several police activities to the federal police and away from the states , also he wants to kill the states ' `` verfassunsgsschutz\u00e4mter '' ( agency for protection of the constitution ) and concentrate those activities on the federal level . 
  i 'm not seeing that happening , as far as i understand the proposal that 'll need a constitution change and i do n't see him getting 2/3d of the votes in both houses for that . 
  some thujone is still allowed , and people recreating old absinthe recipes ended up with thujone contents compatible with the current rules . 
  the reports of higher thujone contents for absinthe made as it was used to be made turned out to be false ... 
  it takes 13-15h to get to milan from berlin by train , so he may have been almost there already when they started looking for him . 
  that 's deliberate , it 's supposed to blend in with the rest of the city . 
  if just all the potential afd voters would actually follow through with that ... 
  red-red-green on the federal level ... yeah , that 's not gon na happen , the author obviously has n't the slightest clue about the political landscape in germany . 
  many issues between die linke and spd can reach a compromise , but there 's quite a dealbreaker : foreign policy , particularly the military aspect of it . 
  die linke demands an end to all foreign missions of the bundeswehr and can not join a government coaltion that does n't stop foreign missions without seriously alienating their voterbase . 
  tobacco products were already avail in aldi stores before the split , that legend , even though repeated often , is very likely bullshit . 
  thing is , the key portion of the aldi-border was n't supposed to divide `` germany '' into aldi s\u00fcd / nord . 
  the vast majority of aldi stores back then were located in the ruhr area , and that area is split into east & west by the `` aldi-border '' , the rest of germany at that time was barely relevant for the aldi buisness . 
  you can buy them at both aldi s\u00fcd and aldi nord and you already could buy tobacco products at aldi stores before the split , but for some reason that legend still persists . 
  however , the albrecht familiy is and always was notoriously secretive about almost everything , so we 'll probably never know what actually lead to the divide . 
   rainer wendt , who heads the german police union . 
  to put this into perspective : rainer wendt is head of the small `` deutsche polizeigewerkschaft '' ( not to be consfused with gewerkschaft der polizei '' , the actually relevant union for policemen just by sheer membercount ) . 
  the `` deutsche polizeigewerkschaft '' would probably get no media attention whatsoever if it were n't for mr wendt 's frequent law-and-order tirades . 
  rule of thumb : when in doubt if something mr wendt said has any base in reality or not it 's safe to assume it 's a bunch of bullshit that 's supposed to serve as pr for his smallish union . 
  nothing like that . 
  introducing a cap would at least require a change to the constitution , and the 2/3d majority in both houses required to do so is n't reachable . 
  there 's no point whatsoever to introduce a change attempt of the constitution that will fail anyway . 
  it has everything to do with the verdict . 
  it was n't a verdict about adbvlockers in general but * specifically * about the adblock + buisness model of selling whitelist entries ( and even though to the layman that buisness model looks quite a bit like a protection racket , it apparently is ok according to that court ) . 
  about 5000 wwii bombs are found and disposed per year all over germany , and for obvious reasons most of them in urban environments . 
  does that site report on all of them ? 
  why on this not at all unusual case ? 
  the region they seem to have picked as the example region is at this point one giant infrastructure construction project . 
  even more construction projects at the same time and the entire region finally grinds to a halt as noone is able to get anywhere anymore . 
  the actual issue at hand is n't not enough spending : the stuff was when built projected to last 20 years longer than it actually lasted as the projections about increase of traffic over the decades made back in the 50ties were not correct ( as is often the case with longterm predictions like these ) . 
  when that was noticed planning etc started , but these things just do n't happen over night . 
  journalists should really be forced to drive around the rhein-ruhr region for a couple of days before proclaiming bs like this article . 
  they very likely will then ask for * less * road construction projects , endless traffic jams caused by those projects are not all that fun . 
  she 's not bavarian , so no . 
  eldery people still like to hike in the mountains , but might lack the overall fitness to go up and down themselves . 
  take a lift to a higher altitude and just hike on a more or less even level and take a lift down somewhere else . 
  given the amount of trails designed specifically like this in the alps there seems to be a significant demand for that sort of thing . 
   we also do n't have hiking trails with lifts that i 've ever seen . 
  only for skiing in my experience . 
    now if you 've actually been to germany and experienced any of that first hand , it 's even funnier . 
  german practicality is rigid to the point of amusement sometimes . 
  that 's what this is poking fun at . 
  thing is , that 's not in germany . 
  but in italy . 
  however i 'd say the champion of having all sorts of transportation to gain altitude without walking up yourself in the alps are the swiss . 
  they 're in italy ( sort of ) , there are probably lots of regulatory signs posted everywhere , but noone cares about them . 
  she 's staying in sulden ( vinschgau , south tyrol ) . 
  does n't make it any less wierd . 
  i also needed a moment to figure out what this `` lake lucerne '' was supposed to be , that 's not the lake 's name either  . 
  well 1000 native speakers is still well below the cutoff for this map ( 1 million native speakers ) . 
  none of them are native speakers though , and that 's what the map is all about  . 
  yep , the front number plates get lost easily when driving on a flooded road , those plastic clips are n't all that sturdy  . 
  as far as i understand this is about the proposal that originated in the bundesrat and was already successfully voted on there , as such i do n't think they 'll need to vote about it again . 
  it seems fast * now * but the committee vote from today was postponed 30 times before ... 
   the simple fact that germany collects taxes for the church if it would be only that . 
  besides that church tax bs germany ( better : german states ) pay for church personnel like bishops and their administration etc pp . . ( based on some multiple centuries old contracts ) . 
  just to reiterate : this is n't about the church tax . 
  this is additional taxpayer money going to the church . 
  even if you are n't a member of the church , you still have to pay for them one way or another . 
   with prime i am usually getting stuff the next day or sometimes the day after . 
  with prime it 's same day delivery these days for me . 
  nuts  . 
  the guy who came up with it was dario fontanella , so an italian surprised you ( granted , he came up with it in germany , but well ... ) . 
   but vw is very important for germany 's economy the 20.2 % stake in vw held by the state of lower saxony is probably also a factor . 
   by hiding/censoring search results any source for that , somewhat recent if possible ? 
  i do n't see that happening for google results at this point without people noticing it left and right ( google forces ssl , as such the described censorship would need ssl interception , as such the presented ssl certificate would be not the right one , and google chrome notices that even if the isp got their hands on a certificate for a google site signed by one of the gazillion trusted cas ) . 
  there 's insane amounts of construction going on all over the place these days . 
  any more in my area and we might as well shut down traffic entirely . 
  these articles are nothing short of a bunch of bs . 
  breadrolls fresh from the bakery ( what kind of roll varies , whatever i 'm in the mood for , we have quite a long list of options avail here ) . 
  what i put on them also depends on whatever i feel like at that day , might be jam , some sort of deli meat ( with a strong preference for smoked ham ) , cheese , nutella or `` whatever ''  . 
  once or twice a week i tend to add a soft boiled egg . 
  i usually drink a 1:1 mixture of cold brew coffee and whole milk . 
  and just in case my breakfast description did n't already give it away : i 'm german . 
  should only work on rather old or shitty machines . 
  the weight does n't match , and that 's used by most semi-modern machines . 
   we also have a significant population with german ancestry and are significant trade partners . 
  it 's not exactly relevant for current issues that someone 's great-great-grandfather twice removed once owned a german shepard . 
  the first one , and for a fee .
