the gema however does n't pay out to the performer , as they do not collect for performers but for authors . 
  your proposed direct payout from youtube to the channel `` owner '' would in many cases go to the wrong person ( s ) . 
  the ebu which runs that contest had already non-european founding members , it was always pretty much `` european broadcasters & friends '' . 
  i really do n't get the comments regarding the ebus reach that pop up everytime this contest is discussed . 
  i do n't even see this triumphant sweep in nrw that you are talking about . 
  last year one ( ! ), 
  group of kids was trick-or-treating in my neighbourhood ( which is in my area ) . 
  also the amount of people actually attending halloween parties is miniscule compared to those not caring about halloween . 
  for the issue at hand it should be considered that the usual schufa check is not a credit score in the classical sense . 
  schufa results will be just fine if you just moved here ( as you 'll have a clean slate and that 's all that counts for things like phone contracts ) . 
  it 's pretty much two factors : a ) just like many nations we have a lot of old people who did n't learn all that much english ( and quite a few old ppl . 
  did n't learn english at all , even in the former west ) . 
  b ) english was n't exactly the foreign language of choice for many people growing up in the gdr . 
  saxony ( where this happened ) gets assigned about 5 % of the refugees ( based on the k\u00f6nigssteiner schl\u00fcssel , google it ) . 
  entire eastern germany including berlin ~ 20 % . 
  so : you 're wrong . 
  just look at south tyrol for an example . 
  road signs etc pp all * have * to be bilingual . 
  also many jobs ( both public and private sector ) require that the person filling the role has taken a test to prove his/her ability in italian and german . 
  but as far as i am aware that 's quite the exception across europe and not the norm . 
  and getting there was n't exactly easy either  . 
  schr\u00f6der is `` hated '' ( quite a strong word there ) mainly because he 's all buddy-buddy with putin and several controversial statements about putin based on that friendship ( and buisness interests these days ) . 
  after all he had the nerve to call putin a `` flawless democrat '' ... as far as i can tell most germans consider the `` no '' to the iraq war among the best things the schr\u00f6der government did . 
  not exactly . 
  refugee distribution across germany is based on the `` k\u00f6nigssteiner schl\u00fcssel '' which is based 2/3rd on taxes collected in the state and 1/3rd on population size . 
  as such it 's more economic `` power '' and population size combined . 
  nope , not this time  . 
  btw that guys face ( using a cover identity ofc ) also popped up during the panama papers leak , one of the few `` high profile '' germans involved there . 
  as far as is known he has n't done any government work for germany since ~ 2000 and is considered to have retired ( which is n't all that unlikely given his age ) . 
  also undercoverwork gets a bit tricky when your face has been all over the news several times and on the cover of books about you etc pp ( that 's why i 'm not sure why qz.com even tried to blur his face anyway ) . 
  so did the bush administration about the so-called `` proof '' regarding the iraq war . 
  they stuck to the lies even after being called out on them by for example the then foreign secretary of germany . 
  so they pretty much lied even when they know full well that we knew they were lying . 
  yes , pretty much the same in germany as far as recent elections go ( afd is strongest among young to middle aged men ) . 
  hopefully he does n't get away with his shady shit this time . 
  guess he did n't realise that it would have been a good idea to finally go legit after all his buddies from the various agencies and other government bodies retired . 
  in the past he was repeatedly implicated in various extra-legal things but nothing ever came of it as he was protected by high ranking officials from various law enforcement and secret agencies . 
  btw as most international articles seem to miss that part or are at least unclear about it : mauss was a private eye , not a government employee and usually hired for jobs too dirty for even secret agencies to be involved directly . 
  when this was discussed everyone was quick to point out that this particular idea is a ) idiotic and b ) would n't fly due to eu rules and that spd and cdu pretty much said `` well then let that idiot have his ` win ' '' . 
  that this game is being played here was pretty much everywhere on the news in germany at the time . 
  i however still suspect we will end up with the toll but us germans wo n't get the tax reduction promised that was supposed to offset that toll . 
  you were a tourist able to afford a trip to a different country . 
  for many people that makes you rich or better said `` rich enough to rip off '' . 
  besides certain personal animosities ( which partially already went away already and will go away completly over time when the people with these issues all have retired ) there 's pretty much one big `` issue '' left that 's a complete showstopper for red-red-green in germany : die linkes stance on any sort of military engagement of germany ( at this point they do n't agree with any of them ) , i expect compromises possible on most other aspects but this one will probably present a big issue for everyone involved . 
  not for a trade deal . 
  noone wants them to join the eu  . 
   as one wanted to sell tobaco products and the other not . 
  that 's often said but it is n't backed by hard evidence . 
  and given that the albrecht brothers were notoriously secretive and at this point dead we 'll probably never know for sure . 
  the funny part about this north/south divide : at the time of the division the actually significant `` aldi border '' divided a region more into east/west than north/south ( ruhr area ) . 
  aldi had no significant presence outside the ruhr area when the split was made . 
  germany does n't have an official motto ... 
  the original designer pitched the idea for this thing first to berlin , but they did n't want it . 
  wuppertal ist in a densely populated and narrow valley . 
  the suspension railway track is mainly built above the river to save space . 
   do they usually light up monuments ? 
  for example , berlin lit up the brandenburg gate for england , france , turkey , israel ... 
  but not russia . 
  according to the city government they only do this for partner cities and cities they have a `` special relationship '' to ( whatever that is supposed to mean ) . 
  as such they already did n't light up the brandenburg gate after the attack in nice as that 's neither a partner city nor a city they consider to have a special relationship to . 
  i 'm not sure about that tbh , when i visited st petersburg 2 years ago i did n't notice anything of the sort . 
  maybe that 's just moscow ? 
   schr\u00f6der was crap well , he kept us out of the clusterfuck that was the 2003 iraq war , that alone helps me to remember him relatively positive . 
   but this sounds like speculation that i heard on the day of the 2016 munich shooting , which happened to fall on the same day as the breivik attacks in oslo . 
  which in that case turned out to be not so far from the truth , as that guy worshipped breivik . 
  i agree . 
  good thing that this 2 % of the gdp thing is n't part of any contract . 
  different company . 
  it 's a rather common name though . 
  and it 's also a soft goal , and not something the members are contractually obliged to spend . 
  they usually are n't though . 
  the majority of people being locked up for a night in a police lockup like this are people who will be put there to sober up after they were picked up somehwere very drunk . 
  yep , we 're talking about a local police lockup , not a prison . 
  the vast majority of `` inmates '' stay there for a night until they have sobered up ( as that 's usually by far the biggest group of people that get locked up there ) . 
  so they for the most part probably do n't feel like eating anyway  . 
  i 'd suspect that someone who is able to pay for the flight to the us and accomodation etc pp . 
  * should * be able to add the visa agency fee to the total trip cost . 
  if that bit of extra cost is unaffordable the money might be better spent for something else than for a us trip anyway i 'd guess . 
  ca n't you pawn that `` take a day off , apply at the embassy '' thing off to a visa agency ? 
  if i need a visa for travelling ( not the us , but for example russia and china ) i always hand that process over to a visa agency , i never had to appear at an embassy/consulate in person . 
  i 'm all for this even though the most likely retaliation from the us would be kinda annoying . 
   it 's all just eggs and flour dammit . 
  most of the stuff on that chart is n't made with eggs . 
  the woman behind the counter at my employers kantine does n't know what tagliatelle are and that even when they are on the menu ... `` ach , die bandnudeln wollen sie '' . 
   and most likely a special termination right when the provider changes the contract in a way that disadvantages you . 
  yes , very much so . 
  a change to the contract terms like the one described in the article will give you a `` sonderk\u00fcndigungsrecht '' as the consumer . 
  well , that 's germany for you . 
  payment for contracts like these ( not only phone/internet/whatever but almost all kinds of contracts with repeated payment ) via direct debit is the norm . 
  with the system being very low risk for the consumer i do n't really see a major issue with that anyway . 
  the afd at this point seems to follow the same pattern that all the right wing parties who had some local and regional success followed in recent decades : some success in some state parliaments and municipalities , end up fighting internally and lose potential votes in the process until the party fades into obscurity . 
  we have seen that with far right parties in germany time and again ( see the history of the rep or dvu as examples ) , the worst political enemy of the far right in germany in the recent decades has always been the far right and their internal bickering . 
  the target audience of these floats is usually quite drunk , the humor is adjusted to the intoxication level of said audience . 
  i never said that these cases of sachbesch\u00e4digung were in any way ok . 
  i just like to have the full picture and yes , that includes to understand which kind of crimes are listed in a crime statistic . 
  and i do n't agree with people state things as facts when the data they themselves present does n't seem to support those facts ( the data presented does n't say otherwise either , it 's simply put unspecific on the particular subject ) . 
  i do agree that these incidents are neither `` peaceful protest '' or whatever the far right tries to use as an excuse . 
  but i also do not think that it does help anyone 's cause here if those opposing the far right also play fast-and-loose with the truth just like the far right does , as that plays right into their hands . 
  while i agree that the data does n't include violence among refugees , i do n't see how you can get `` graffiti is n't included '' from that document . 
  it lists a whole lot of `` sachbesch\u00e4digung '' , the document does n't provide more details there ( and graffiti among a great many other things would be listed as `` sachbesch\u00e4digung '' ) .
