even 0.01 $ is harsh . 
  did you watch the video or you just read the title ? 
  depends . 
  what do you intend with internship ? 
  the term has often different meaning depending on the person . 
  there is in italy but it 's just a way to pay less people that already are qualified to do something . 
  if you want to learn a job by doing a paid apprenticeship no one is going to hire you , maybe you can manage to get in an unpaid stage , maybe . 
  and taxes . 
  i think oettinger 's point is that if you want something to be a secret you keep it offline . 
  where it 's supposed to be safe . 
  art , museums , food , wine . 
  come and eataly !, 
  come for the food , stay for the taxes . 
  i think you may need to adjust your monitor a bit , i can clearly see those colors are different . 
  professionally does n't mean good . 
  it just mean professionally . 
  that was hideous ... 
  i do . 
  it 's not . 
  i agree they exists but it 's like agreeing that a speck of dust exists . 
  it 's insignificant . 
  you guys are really silly to think that this people are really going to accomplish something . 
  and someone with the italian flag as flair knows that . 
  they 're just spawns of the crisis . 
  people want to secede , to separate because they think they can make it better , come out of the crisis clean and rich like it was before but in reality it 's all bullshit . 
  they do n't want to separate from italy , they want to separate from the politic class and their spendings . 
  they 're going nowhere cause they ca n't go anywhere . 
  the italian constitution does n't concede seceding . 
  yeah . 
  ok . sure . 
  the only one that could be considerate is the lega nord . 
  it could . 
  the rest are all bullshits . 
  separatist groups in italy ? 
  welp , that 's a new one for me . 
  yes , the title is true . 
  then it works like shit . 
  people vote , not societies . 
  it 's kinda stupid arguing about a name . 
  anyway i want to point out that macedonia was also [ a roman province ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_%28roman_province%29 ) . 
  there are simply more people in the north that are slavic and more greek on the south ? 
  where is the problem in all this ? 
  i ca n't see it . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  no , that 's stupid and will never happen . 
  you can call it like that if you want . 
  there 's something around vatican ... 
   cannabis use is highly detectable and can be detected by urinalysis , hair analysis , as well as saliva tests for days or weeks . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cannabis_drug_testing pretty easy to detect , the problem is if you get caught a week or two after you used it . 
  how do you feel about them ? 
  i live near one of their castles . 
  is the order of malta still present in the island ? 
   house of savoy have actually two pretenders to italian throne . 
  they can pretend all they want . 
  this seems like a flaw in the system . 
  but it 's food that 's going to be thrown away anyway , why do n't give it to someone in need that ca n't buy it ? 
  it 's not like they 're going to spend money on it because they just do n't have it . 
  what do you exactly mean ? 
  i ca n't see the negative side in this thing . 
  can someone show it to me ? 
  more taxes incoming ... 
  who 's the genius that thought that writing on green with green would be a good idea ? 
   the boeing was n't flying at 10 km altitute iirc it was . 
   after the downing of several ukrainian military aircraft in the area in recent months , including two this week , kiev had accused russian forces of playing a direct role . 
  international air lanes had remained open , though only above 32,000 feet . 
  the malaysia plane was flying 1,000 feet higher , officials said . 
  no , it 's not . 
  i think he 's pretty famous worldwide , he also knew wojtyla . 
  i know his remarks are absurd but i still do n't see your point . 
  you mixed up religious and cultural anyway . 
  what you meant is not hiding of identity . 
  a face is not the whole identity of a person , it 's just a face . 
   i mean , you should n't be walking around completely concealed . 
  if you have to identify yourself , like for example at city hall , because you need certain documents . 
  if you walked in w a balaclava and refused to take it off , is that okay ? 
  i have personal experience with women wearing a niqab refusing to lift it for identification purposes ( because they are not permitted to do so ) . 
  in fact they should show their faces for in those situations . 
   should you be allowed to walk into a bank with your identity concealed ? 
  i mean there are so many situations in which seeing someone 's face is needed . 
  it 's a huge part of our society . 
  why hide your face at all times ? 
  it 's aggressive . 
  a bank is a private company . 
  they 're free to do whatever the fuck they want on this side . 
  ohoh !, 
  you hit the jackpot here in italy . 
  let 's start with [ padre pio ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/padre_pio ) , he `` had '' stigmata . 
  stigmata . 
  [ this guy . 
  in short , lots of people with stigmata and crying statue of the madonna . 
  i could go on and on and on . 
  then what you meant ? 
   no one has the right to hide their identity . 
  so you 're telling me i have no privacy rights ? 
  because if that 's the case i 'd like to know your name since you have no right to hide it . 
  the veil is not a religious things , it 's cultural . 
  you 're mixing them up a lot , crucifixes are religious , kimonos are traditional outfit . 
  streisand effect at work right here . 
  this is the grillo that did n't want to team up with anyone in the italian parliament . 
  some places here in italy put everything in it , even fried chips .
