  it 's obvious there has to be a first , a second , a third etc. 
  but you have to check the gap too . 
  i think you linked the wrong article ... 
  sure . 
   swedish team is doing well in the international dota thinge . 
  they 're not doing well . 
  they 're owning everything , won every fucking match until now . 
  `` ehy , it tastes like chicken ! '', 
  said drop-the-bus ... 
  it adds some irony . 
  the article does n't say they were coming back from a trip to padre pio 's places . 
  could you point them out ? 
  i found nothing . 
  you sound italian but you have the ireland flag . 
  uhm ... 
  it will be fun here in italy ... 
  but the assassin always visit the crime scene two times . 
  we did . 
  it was stupid . 
  if i save you from drowning it does n't give me right to beat you . 
  that 's not him , it 's a actor that resembles him . 
  some illegal immigrants do n't come from countries that have access to the sea , and you ca n't send them from the country where the boat departed since they might not be citizens of that country . 
  he 's being sarcastic i think . 
  it bothers me that it 's not concentric . 
  i think most people in here are xenophobes . 
  that roundabout is fucking huge !, 
  i did n't download the app but it might be that it 's just a webview . 
  there are non-native webview libraries for android that ask for lots of permissions or they wo n't run correctly . 
  crosswalk is one of those . 
  so this might be the reason for all this permissions . 
   everything legal = no mafias . 
  that 's kind of a stretch , organized crime has lots of different ways to earn money . 
  drugs is just one of the many incomes they have . 
  italy is not even in top20 ... 
  * 5 red beers or 6 lagers ; * 22 or 20 croissants , depends from place to place ; * a network card for pc ; * pizza , a ton of pizza ; * 5 hamburgers with krauti , pepperoni , onions , ketchup , mayonnaise by a peddler ; * 2 pairs of drumsticks ; i ca n't think of something else . 
  i 'm born and live in italy . 
  i feel nor italian nor european . 
  i just happened to born in this places . 
  i think this is a stupid festivity . 
  really . 
  cradle of debt crisis ? 
  they 're joking right ? 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://it.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/qcrs1/european_music/c3wk8ci ), 
  woah . 
  awesome . 
  this is exactly the problem . 
  they 're fuckin great but not many people know this kind of groups . 
  we have some . 
  they 're great , i do n't like some , but they 're still a bit dated . 
  some are in the scene by years . 
  yes , they was . 
  vasco now is totally mad , he made great songs but he stopped long ago doing so . 
  de andr\u00e8 is dead , pavarotti , battisti and rino the same . 
  now dalla too . 
  on the other hand bocelli is fuckin awesome !, 
  you get me ? 
  you 're wrong . 
  we ** still ** have paolo conte . 
  azzurro is a song from 1968 . 
  music evolve , in italy the mainstream music is always stagnant . 
  little groups born with something new in mind , no one gives a shit and they die . 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; but check out verdena , they 're cool . 
  in italy most music sucks . 
  that 's all . 
  well , i 'm not . 
  fortunately the police seems scared of people . 
  anyway how do the bike come out of lights ? 
   italians are not jews ? 
  the sense of this phrase ? 
  we really need more nuclear power plants ? 
  when we called usa to help in our wars ? 
  and when we had wars ? 
  yes , obvious . 
  let 's build a war plane so we can be indipendent from usa , but we need to acta , and all the other bullshits they want us to do . 
  we 're not going to be indipendent by doing the same shit they do . 
  why we need this ? 
  i do n't think it 's a culture , i think it 's a need . 
  if you pay every tax you should pay , you earn a very little . 
  and why i have to support the state i live in if the state does n't support me ? 
  taxes are useful , they support the country and people of the country , but i do n't want to pay them if the state squeezes everyone till the last cent . 
  it 's stupid , just stupid . 
  they 're going to make it crash , no matter what . 
  easy to say . 
  imagine how much italians do . 
  i do n't prefer european products because are european , but because here in eu we have different standard about food , in my opinion much safer , then the rest of the world . 
  about gmo i 'm not scared , we already did this things by interbreed . 
  anyway we do n't have them here in italy , i think . 
  they do n't want to pay for the others people error . 
  they have all my support . 
  they did n't like the protests maybe . 
  lol, 
  you 're welcome . 
  this is the proof i need to sleep . 
  and i do n't have a strong opinion about mussolini . 
  i hope you refer to him . 
  which theory ? 
  many enemies , much honor . 
  - benito mussolini scary uh ? 
  many people think this .
