  i never tried it . 
  can you explain ? 
  they never whine , there was only that episode the other month and nothing else . 
  no , they are n't , they 're just like any other region . 
  we have 5 region with `` special '' status which have some kind of autonomy but veneto is not one of those . 
  no , really , veneto will never secede . 
  `` crimea was always russian . '', 
  does that video tell the truth ? 
  because that 's absurd !, 
  yes , he is . 
  maybe pd , maybe fi , maybe m5s . 
  the whole thing is a mess and there 's no clear outcome in my opinion . 
  said the one with the uk flag . 
  i think it 's to couple them with other elections , for example here in italy we that day we vote for some municipalities and provinces too . 
  well , i think you have seen the news recently . 
  on a side note i fucking hate football . 
   it 's more like if i stuck a fork up a power outlet and someone is pointing a gun at you . 
  so if you 're choking when eating some nuts on a crowded street and no one helps you it 's your fault because you were eating nuts ? 
  they do n't find another port , they die . 
  i think that one exists by a long . 
   there should be a special dispensation for cases like him . 
  no , there should n't be , the law happens to be equals for everyone . 
  i totally did not expect this . 
  in certain way they 're correct , except they forget that this way you de-escalate every conflict , presents and futures . 
   and it is time for the eu to move closer to russia and away from us manipulations . 
  to me it seems like russia is already getting closer to eu . 
  if a speck of dust grows 0.75 % percent is still smaller than a jar of dust that grows 1 % . 
  it 's a stupid example but i think you get what i mean . 
  in that case the main issue are the borders as the other guy said . 
  it 's going to take a lot of time for turkey to join , if it ever will , for a lot of reasons . 
  it 's `` necessito '' and it 's fine this other way too . 
  was it about the absence of generals who knew how to milk cows ? 
  yes , it is . 
  i felt the need to do [ this ] ( https://imgur.com/lu3dqig ) . 
  right , did n't think it that way , it 's much simpler . 
  ** tl ; dr ** it means `` what the fuck are you saying ? '', 
  or `` what are you saying ? '', 
  the vatican city does n't house only priests . 
  it think it house some families , and nuns . 
  it does n't seems like vatican city is on this map . 
  yeah , makes sense . 
  first time i hear that there are starbucks in europe . 
  it 's timed or metered depending on the kilometers . 
  where the difference from a taxi ? 
  but you said that uber is metered too . 
  so it 's a taxi that does n't have a license ? 
  that sounds illegal in many countries . 
  what 's uber ? 
  what was that tank doing there ? 
  this sound a bit sensationalistic , are there any reports other than a video ? 
  europe is not saving the world , no one is trying to save the world , that 's a stupid thing to say . 
  the point is that if someone is dieing in front of you you have to help him and not go on a rant about the countries not saving the world . 
  what 's your point ? 
  do you want to leave them dieing in the sea ? 
  they 're going to get away with it . 
  the news is fake . 
  i 'm irish now . 
  i can deal with it . 
  edit : i think ... 
  i fucking hate wine . 
   what ? 
  turkey actually says that it invaded cyprus to protect turkish minority and bring peace to the island after the military coup . 
  turkey even calls the invasion `` a peace operation '' . 
  i do n't knwo what you 're arguing about but this sound stupid and it 's the same thing russia is doing . 
  why no one ever talks about a total indipendent crimea ? 
  a judge should n't be allowed to judge himself . 
  we have to sanction them or they 're going to get away with it without losing anything . 
  what 's stopping them from doing it another time and somewhere else . 
  also they firmed a treaty regarding ukraine and they 're taking a shit on it . 
  they invaded another country !, 
  they moved their troops inside the ground belonging to another state , they have no jurisdiction in there . 
  would anyone be ok if they invaded any country out of nowhere ? 
  that 's an act of war . 
  i think the un should intervene . 
  crimea should have referendum with the options to be with ukraine , russia or get total independence , a thing i do n't see many people talk about . 
  russia should get sanctioned hard . 
  let 's see how you do the italian flag . 
  use only one glass . 
  ok , but why ? 
  why are they fucked in the head ? 
  wait , i have an idea !, 
  got it . 
  that 's barter ... 
  malta is letting people pay for european citizenship , not maltese . 
  have you read the article ? 
  it 's in the first paragraph . 
   ... signing up for a controversial maltese scheme offering european citizenship in return for investment of about $ 1.3 m. . . 
  so a kind of legal `` corruption '' ? 
  ok , thanks for the information . 
  good to know . 
  for that kind of behaviour , trying to gain good pr by minimizing a huge scandal like the nsa . 
  that 's stupid , and in my opinion , arrongant . 
  i mean , no one protested for that thing ? 
  and what happened ? 
  it 's not important if an italian believes she 's guilty or not , the judge spoke and said she is . 
  lol, 
  what can i personally do to stop this ? 
  and where is this list ? 
  thanks obama !, 
  the whole europe does n't reach the export amount of the usa .
