i agree . 
  in the uk what actually happens is that we vote for the party that has the best chance of beating the party we hate the most . 
  unfortunately , the main parties interpret a vote for them as support of their policies when really it was a vote against the other party . 
  its a very shitty system . 
  on top of that , the labour party has a massive advantage because the voting boundaries disproportionately focus on majority labour areas , while the the rest are more mixed . 
  the conservative party wanted to establish fair boundaries . 
  the labour party had the audacity to tell even bigger lies than usual and accused the conservatives of `` gerrymandering '' . 
  the uk labour party will sink to any depth of wrongness for a win . 
  uk politics is very soul-destroying . 
  what do you think about the idea of ruk blocking scotland 's admission to the eu if they try to welch on their share of the uk national debt ? 
  similar article from the telegraph : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/greece/11797181/kos-mayor-warns-of-bloodshed-as-migrant-arrivals-out-of-control.html, 
  greece can not and will not ever pay off its debts , no matter what reforms are put in place . 
  the reforms should happen anyway though , because otherwise this will never end . 
  regarding the debt , there are 4 possibilities : * default and/or bankrupcy * writing off of the debt * a very long re-payment holiday * perpetual bailouts ( which is politcally unsustainable for everyone involved ) if i ran greece , i would just throw the debt agreements in the bin , announce that they will never be repaid , leave the euro and move on . 
  it 's morally questionable , but in practice , germany and france have already lost that money . 
  we just wait for everyone to admit this fact . 
   grexit now is lunacy !, 
  if greece would exit the euro then everybody could say good bye to the money that has been loaned to greece !, 
  that 's happening anyway . 
  its one of the few certainties in this whole affair . 
  so , another massive greek bailout in a few months then . 
  thats like wanting to stop being an alcoholic , but only if it does n't mean having to stop drinking . 
  without bankruptcy they will never structurally reform . 
  greece the only one to get the std ? 
  lol . 
  the taxpayers of france and germany have flushed over 100bn euro down the greek toilet so far . 
  they will never see any of that money back , and greece now wants more . 
  it was wrong of greece to enter the euro , and even more wrong of france and germany to allow it . 
  i do n't deny any of your figures , and i even broadly accept your conclusions , but what i do n't believe is that greece will ever remedy this situation voluntarily . 
  despite the reality of the situation , greeks are out in their thousands demonstrating against the latest bailout terms , which are perfectly reasonable . 
  they need to go bankrupt , and face the stark reality they are in . 
  then they might address there 's issues themselves . 
  until then they will see the solutions to their problem as something being done to them , instead of something they must do . 
   well look at argentina as an example this is a result of chronic incompetence in the government . 
  it doesnt have to be this way . 
  argentina is a tragedy in many ways . 
   varoufakis himself says that greece will be much worse off after a bankruptcy well he would do would n't he ? 
  i read that article , and i do n't find his arguments very convincing . 
  they come from fear instead of reason . 
  bankrupcy is inevitable either way . 
   60 billion european banks have paid out more than that ( x 4 more ) in fines for malpractice over the same period that greece has been bailed out . 
  the debts arent going to be repaid . 
  the whole thing neede to be written off to experience . 
  great argument . 
  detailed , insightful , intelligent . 
  why am i wrong ? 
  nice idea , but people are stupid , and politicians are dishonest . 
  people voted based on lies . 
  this is normal everywhere , sure , but it was especially the case in greece . 
  i am not aguing for greece to be let off . 
  i 'm just saying it was the greek politicians who did this , not the average greek citizen . 
  all this is just chatter anyway . 
  greece and germany can not carry on like this forever . 
  in the end , unstoppable force must meet immovable object , and both will lose . 
  i have very little sympathy for greece ( none for it 's government ) , but absolutely no sympathy at all for morons who lent the greek government money for the sake of keeping a stupid idea alive on life-support . 
  i 've got my popcorn ready for the inevitable default . 
   please return to playing with your poop . 
  ahhh , i see , you must be the brains around here . 
  carry on playing with your crayons . 
  so do you get upset that a bank wants to see proof of your earnings if you want to borrow money to buy a house ? 
  is that a violation of your personal sovereignty ?!, 
  you people could n't run a piss-up in a brewery . 
   eurostat has to take anything they get at face value , they have no mandate to actually look at the books . 
  how stupid can you get ??!!, 
  a bunch of countries wanted to tie their economies together in such an intimate way , but without any due dilligence . 
  it 's like being in a long-term gangbang with 20 strangers , and saying `` we wo n't use condoms or ask if they have any diseases because that would be a violation of the other people 's rights '' . 
  wow . 
   fine , if you think it was unethical to lend money to greece in the first place they would have gone bankrupt 10 years ago . 
  geat idea !, 
  actually , that 's exactly what should have happened . 
  greece would have all that behind it by now , and probably would be much much better off now . 
  the greek government . 
  the greek people didnt do this . 
  they are not the same thing . 
   of the 226,7 billion euro which were lent to the greeks , only 27 billion was actually used to finance the greek government ( pensions , wages , healthcare , etc. ), 
  the rest was mainly used to pay off existing loans , interest on the new loans and to recapitalize ( privatised ) greek banks . 
  this is clearly ludicrous . 
  this is death-spiral finance . 
  if the greek government were a normal company , it would have been declared bankrupt long ago , and its assets ( greece ) taken up by a new company ( i.e. 
  a fresh government ) . 
  the above it what needs to happen , but the country wants to `` extend and pretend '' instead , and the eurozone only cares about hanging on to what it sees as it 's `` chattels '' . 
  the greek government and the greek people are being treated as one thing , but this is the unfair thing . 
  the two need to be separated . 
  this is anathema to european thinking , which sees the state as a deity . 
  the reality is the greek government needs to go in the bin , the fools who lent it money can just go and suck a lemon , and the greek people need to put together an alternative government which has no obligations or baggage of the old one . 
  lol, 
  actually cornish and welsh are pretty similar languages . 
  circle-jerkers do n't like being interrupted , it seems . 
    can you address an abstract concept without involving emotive noise ? 
   absolute evil is absolute , not relative to borders and not relative to cultures . 
  so ... no then . 
    putting the subject matter to one side ( at least try )  for some weird reason , uk lawmakers do n't want to see paedophiles around . 
  so that 's a fail . 
  can you address an abstract concept without involving emotive noise ? 
   you were advocating allowing pedophilia / underage sex no . 
  i definitely was not . 
  fuck you . 
  you are obviously too retarded to understand a nuanced argument . 
  putting the subject matter to one side ( at least try ) do you think it 's reasonable for a government to declare that it 's laws apply in other sovereign nations , when the people of those countries have no democratic influence over the said laws being applied by a foreign government ? 
  i 'm not saying you should allow people to do things that are against the law .
