  i was a part of the group that voted , i was a part of those who made the decisions , therefore i accept that i can be held accountable for those decisions . 
  even if i strongly disagree with a particular point i have to accept that a group that i 'm a part of made that decision . 
  my point is that in my mind donald trump reflects more strongly on americans as a group than you might want him to . 
  if you 'd travel to europe you 'd find that a lot of people challenge you and hold you partially accountable for his decisions . 
  that 's not specifically anti-american , that 's simply how we view our own governments , treat other european nations , and expect to be treated ourselves . 
  `` hate '' is still way too strong a word , but yes , mostly as a result of trump [ the american brand is tarnished . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2017/06/26/tarnished-american-brand/ ) here in the netherlands 59 % has an overall unfavourable view of the us compared to just 37 % favourable , and that 's a huge drop . 
  in the past 50 years the vast majority of dutchmen has had a nuanced opinion of the us , acknowledging both positives and negatives . 
  outright adulation and hatred have been quite rare , and i feel they still are . 
  still , it 's undeniable that for an increasing amount of people the overall balance has shifted . 
  that shift does n't have to be permanent , and i do n't think it will be , but it 's a fact . 
  ( of course individual americans still have a great time here . 
  if you were considering a tourist trip you might need a marginally thicker skin , but i 'm sure your overall experience would be extremely positive . ), 
  i 've never seen it and have n't heard of it outside of reddit references . 
  i just learned from the other replies in this thread that it 's a cartoon ? 
   also the south has much better food !, 
  that 's a declaration of war !, 
  your overly sweet pies , disgustingly lathered stamppot and weird candies ca n't compare with quality northern droge worst , mosterd , and stamppot !, 
  southern food is for children and weaklings !, 
  indonesia : quite good , but rather distant . 
  their independence was messy , as was the integration of moluccan minorities in the netherlands , and still an emotional and current affair , with some matters of excuses and compensation not entirely settled , but it 's clearly going in the right direction and no longer clouding the relationship as it once did . 
  the indonesian diaspora is doing extremely well : very integrated in the netherlands and mostly visible in our cuisine . 
  suriname : complicated . 
  drug trafficking gangs are unfortunately rather powerful , and the relationship soured after desi bouterse , to dutch eyes a heroine-smuggling drug lord , came to power in a military coup in the 1980s . 
  there are still ties , and there 's a visible and distinct surinam diaspora in the netherlands , but it 's not as smooth as it could be . 
  caribbean : complicated . 
  our caribbean territories have stayed close to the netherlands and are still part of our kingdom , but the relationship is constantly evolving and changing . 
  the politics are complicated - the 6 islands are culturally very distinct from each other and are n't a natural group , and each island has factions that advocate closer ties to the european part of the kingdom and factions that want more autonomy . 
  at the moment 3 of the islands are separate countries within our kingdom and 3 are part of the netherlands proper , but that 's changing every couple of years . 
  the issue ( to me at least ) is that i greatly admire most of those things but do n't consider them a result of a better cultural attitude but rather the result of the size , wealth , power and natural resources of the us . 
  your national park system is absolutely incredible , but should i attribute that to a cultural priority on protecting the environment and making it accessible to everyone ? 
  i feel we generally do a better job of protecting and managing the nature we do have here , and to me that 's the cultural factor . 
  us movies and series are the best in the world , but again , to me that 's simply an issue of scale . 
  i do n't feel film makers here are less creative , original or funny . 
  i prefer the british system of series production ( commissioning , planning and shooting them a whole season at a time rather than the american pipeline system ) results in more consistent quality and better pacing . 
  the us output is the top of the world , but it 's almost in spite of the cultural factors rather than because of it , in my opinion . 
  of course , there are many things i do admire - the can-do attitude , the links between research and business , valorisation of knowledge , experience of sports fandom . 
  i just think it 's important to distinguish those from the geopolitical position - i do n't think `` being a large , rich , powerful , empty country '' is some kind of cultural trait to be admired , and a lot of the things that are better in the us are simply a result from that . 
  that 's a shame . 
  i do n't really like the park passes at all . 
  people are paying an overhead because apparently paying collectively is too controversial , which is precisely the narrow-minded small government thinking i dislike . 
  only in sporting contexts , i think , but you probably run half marathons in sweden too . 
  i do n't mean the religious people themselves , it runs deeper than that . 
  i 'll have to generalise to paint this contrast accurately , obviously there are plenty of people that do n't fit the stereotype entirely . 
  protestantism permeates the north . 
  religious and non-religious people alike dislike flamboyance , excess , arrogance . 
  there 's a strong sense of cultural sobriety , a like for simple stuff done well . 
  by contrast the south has been culturally catholic for ages . 
  they 're more ... celebratory , outgoing , they like their luxuries . 
  i do feel there 's a fundamentally different outlook on life . 
  a groninger wo n't easily feel at home in brabant , and the reverse is probably even harder . 
  probably the largest divide is the north/south one , culturally catholic versus culturally protestant . 
  i 'm guessing you 're from the randstad since you 're not mentioning it ? 
  i was sure you 'd link [ this mancurian masterpiece . 
  ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/ee371f1f4191818c95dd7f5af76d8ad0e1d58287/5_14_607_364/master/607.jpg?w=620&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=35e57b9057e831dea5eaa54f463bc49b ) it 's a bit more recent than those others , though . 
  delft is a `` university of technology '' , focusing only on applied science in a few specific fields such as aviation and maritime technology . 
  they 're the only university in the entire country in most of those fields , so i suppose that does make them the best . 
  i can believe that their research has an ok reputation . 
  they actually came last in their category the 2016 dutch educational evaluations , though . 
  that ranking looked like [ this . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/bi83m ) the first 6 are broad universities that offer a full range of bachelors , they 're listed separate from the bottom half that offers a much more limited range . 
  i would n't say so , and i 'm surprised that those 2 stick out to you , is that in a specific field ? 
  delft is desirable to some because they 're the only place in the country offering particular majors such as aerospace engineering , but i would n't say they stand out on quality . 
  it 's hard to overemphasise just how equal the universities are regarded . 
  we have precisely 13 universities , and in the times higher education ranking the best of those currently is at 59 and the worst still makes the list at 198 , and it 's not like the ordering is constant across years and ranking systems . 
  the vast majority of people in the netherlands ** do ** pick the nearest possible one . 
  in most disciplines there is n't a clear top school , certainly not at bachelor level , and for the vast majority of people geographical proximity is way more important . 
  same here . 
  twents uses slightly longer vowels than other regions which sounds fairly comical to other dutchmen , a famous joke goes : q : `` what 's a twents drink with 10 letters ? '', 
  a : `` cooooooooke '', 
  i think the * average * person here would certainly know the american dollar , but the other 2 are hard enough that i 'm doubting it . 
  i know it 's the canadian dollar and mexican peso , but we 're talking about a commonwealth member without some form of pounds and a lot of confusion on the peso/peseta front . 
  all 3 are what i 'd consider ` common knowledge ' , i just know that common knowledge is n't all that common . 
  i think the median person would know either 1 or 2 , certainly not all 3 . 
  i agree on lots of major and minor issues with our conservative christian party , the sgp . 
  they 're in favour of housing market reform , a humane refugee policy , a reasonable amount of environmentalism , and probably loads of other things i 'd like . 
  i 'd never vote for them because in the dutch coalition system parties have to compromise on policy to form a working government and can can only afford to stick to their guns on very few core values . 
  i have a pretty good idea what this bible belt christian party would actually stand for , and that 's precisely the part of their programme i do n't like . 
  about 10 % of dutch adults hold a master 's degree or higher , but they 're becoming more common , 17 % of 25 - to 35-year-olds has one . 
  most people meet their a majority of their friends through their education , though , so a lot of those people will have a large majority of highly educated friends . 
  that 's certainly the case for me . 
  [ it 's a very famous part of a very famous song . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lady_marmalade ) 2 different versions of the song hit # 1 in the us charts , in 1974 and 2001 , so i 'm guessing you 're either quite young or not very interested in popular music ? 
  it really had plenty of exposure on your side of the pond . 
  i have a profound respect for the cold war generation of democratic leaders , people that stood up for freedom and liberty when it was n't easy . 
  i also like and respect donald tusk . 
  i trust politicians a lot , especially on the national level . 
  in my opinion most are hard-working , honest , trustworthy people that attempt to make this country a better place out of a genuine belief that their vision is the best for all dutchmen . 
  our parliament has loads of parties , and i feel i had good reasons for not voting for most of them , but my disagreements with , say , the bible belt christians are political , i do n't doubt their integrity in the slightest . 
  i tend to compare it with the nato and the un : it 's an international organisation , i 'm glad my country is a member , and i support its aims . 
  i feel some kind of kinship and connection with some countries that also have eu membership , but to me that 's entirely separate from the organisation and more to do with shared values and societies . 
  there are plenty of eu countries i do n't understand , know , or particularly care about , and because of that i find many `` us versus eu '' framings incorrect and sometimes offensive . 
  to me talk like that implies a far greater familiarity and connection than i actually experience . 
  a common point people make when i explain this is eu elections - would n't i feel a stronger bond because of that ? 
  i do n't - to me , it 's simply another national election but we 're voting on just foreign policy rather than the entirety of a party 's programme . 
  those are still elections where i 'm only able to vote for dutch people , who stand for familiar dutch parties , that talk about dutch problems from a dutch point of view . 
  i 'm not sure how i 'm supposed to feel ` european ' from that . 
  fire drills exist , but they 're not very common . 
  i think i 've experienced 2 or 3 in my lifetime , i can only really recall 1 in high school and 1 in primary . 
  i ca n't think of other type of drills , certainly the other 2 you mention do n't exist here because those events do n't happen here .
