  the only forms of the word that i would not associate with the us are north america , south america , which are 2 continents , the americas , which are both of those together , and central and latin america , which are a bit more ill defined parts of the region . 
  everything else i can think of is us related . 
  it 's very regional in the netherlands , with many parts having their own traditions and a majority not celebrating it at all . 
  also , someone should link a carnaval parade . 
  that 's the goal of some prominent eu politicians , especially juncker , sure . 
  a stronger union is highly unpopular in many countries , though , especially in northern europe . 
  there 's an informal bloc of the benelux , baltics , germany , austria , denmark and sweden that 's anti-integration , and that 's a highly influential bloc . 
  age 9 is atypically late for the netherlands , although you may not have identified the earlier lessons as sex ed . 
  sex ed is a recurring topic from age 4 onwards . 
  we start as soon as kids hit primary school with basics about boundaries and a non-detailed look at pregnancy . 
  a typical age 4 lesson involves basics about babies coming from vaginas and that you should n't let anyone touch you if you do n't like it . 
  a typical curriculum aims to educate before it 's necessary . 
  a very popular kid 's sex ed show , * de dr. corrie show * , is aimed at age 9 + and covers menstruation , masturbation , flirting , and porn . 
  there were n't really taboo topics . 
  sm was n't in the curriculum , but i remember it got explained to us at age 10 when the topic somehow came up . 
  classes continue in the first 2 years of high school , age 12-14 , but i 'd consider those last years recaps and opportunities to ask questions . 
  i remember i was very bored by those lessons , very little new information . 
  i 'd agree with that . 
  i was on a first name basis with virtually all staff , have multiple profs as facebook friends , and have fond memories of parties and hitting the dance floor with a number of them . 
  [ i found a dutch maths exam online in english that looks quite typical . 
  ] ( http://www.boswell-beta.nl/docs/vbexwibeng.pdf ) that 's about the level of mathematics that 's expected of dutch high school students at the highest level in a science track . 
  my final year curriculum included just the courses i had national exams in , i think : dutch , english , latin , maths , physics , chemistry , economics and history . 
  in the first years of high school we have a lot more different courses than you 'd be used to , but near the end it 's beginning to look a bit more american with just 6-8 subjects . 
  that 's certainly * possible * as a day trip , but i do n't think it 'd be a common one here . 
  there are a lot of common tourist destinations on about that distance from where i live and people tend to extend city trips like that to a full weekend . 
  2-4 day mini-vacations are very common here . 
  it 's certainly a long enough distance that i 'd prefer a second driver in my car and indeed what i 'd consider ' a long distance ' . 
  i do n't mean to say people do n't drive long distances , by the way . 
  half this country drives their mobile homes to the south of france for the summer holidays , that can easily be 700 miles or longer . 
  people generally like america and americans , but not to the degree that we look up to the country or would like to live there . 
  to some americans that 's already insulting apparently , but it should n't be taken that way . 
  trump is very unpopular , though . 
  this is a topic that deserves some nuance , in some cases dialects are thriving due to a particular cultural , racial or regional significance , but you 're talking about a worldwide trend of disappearing variance in language use . 
  it has become so much easier to communicate with people many miles away , as a result of mass media and long distance communications dialects , accents and entire languages are disappearing rapidly all around the world . 
  it 's certainly happening here in the netherlands too , it 's virtually unheard of for young people to only be fluent in a dialect that 's not mutually intelligible with dutch , and the very local accents are merging . 
  my parents were able to tell which village someone was from based on their accent when they were young , i can only point to rough 50 mile blocks . 
  still , there are large and easily recognised differences between various regions of the country at the moment . 
  those are dialects , not accents . 
  those are n't mutually intelligible with dutch , have their own language societies , spelling tests , and poetry prizes . 
  that 's a much higher bar than accents . 
  the dutch morphological atlas lists 613 accents , but i 'm having some trouble finding a good picture of them in english . 
  i recently saw a map of slovenia with 500 + too . 
  the us has less accents than countries like slovenia or the netherlands , never mind larger countries like the uk . 
  of course there 's some regional variety , but the us is notable in this world for its lack of speech variety , not its diversity . 
  you missed greece , the us is very unpopular there , but otherwise excellent analysis !, 
  i wish dutch directness was universal - we 're fucking rude , but it helps clarifying things and it would n't be an issue if everyone else was too . 
  would you call [ this ] ( https://iowagirlonthego.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/img_6068.jpg ) a good example of an average white american crowd ? 
  i 'd answer ` somewhat ' . 
  obviously there are going to be huge differences between white americans and some will be indistinguishable , but if you gave me 50 pictures of white americans and 50 of white dutchmen i think i 'd score significantly better than chance if i sorted them in 2 piles . 
  when * meeting * americans it gets a lot easier , though - the cultural sense of personal space and general way of conducting yourself often stands out even in cases where the negative stereotypes do n't show up . 
  the task gets a lot harder when judging just facial features , dress and weight on a picture . 
  i 'd say our colonies , especially indonesia . 
  it 's such a major part of our history , the economic impact of the spice trade allowed a small country to be a world power . 
  it 's also still very visible in our national cuisine , every small town will have dutch-indonesian cuisine available ( especially lumpia 's and what we call ` chinese food ' ) , and we still use sambal and satay sauce very heavily , for example on our fries . 
  great reply !, 
   i think in the netherlands you have to have a sound enough mind to go through with it , and obviously with alzheimer 's or dementia this is an issue . 
  that 's not true , but it 's still an issue in practice here . 
  a properly defined statement of intent when you 're still of sound mind is legally enough for euthanasia once you deteriorate and we 've had ` successful ' uses of this , but a lot of gps are ( understandably ) hesitant to actually make the call to pull the plug on physically fit patients once the patient loses the ability to confirm his wish . 
  the legality of the situation is perfectly clear , though , so it 's recommended that people looking to make use of euthanasia for mental reasons be as clear and explicit as they can about the conditions to make the decision easier while they still can . 
  american film is viewed roughly the same way here as it is in the us , i 'd say ` international ' , especially british , productions are marginally more popular here , and some american genres are more popular than others , but american films are overall considered to cover a wide range from total pulp to absolute master works . 
  i 'd have to disagree with a lot of other commenters on american tv , though . 
  while it 's certainly accepted that a lot of great series are made in the us the * overall * reputation is n't good . 
  the dutch tv market is too small for much domestic production outside prime time , the viewing figures just are n't there . 
  networks usually fill their off hours with imported american stuff with cheap rights , which , well , is n't the quality stuff . 
  dutch tv gets swamped with endless reruns of * dr. phil , america 's funniest home videos , judge judy , * and a whole slew of mediocre comedies , reality tv and talk shows . 
  i think that heavily influences the overall reputation of american tv . 
  people love * game of thrones * , but if you put on a random american-made show on tv that 's not what you 're likely watching !, 
  you might consider checking twitter feeds from quality journalists . 
  a personal favourite is [ the economist 's jeremy cliffe ] ( https://twitter.com/jeremycliffe ) , who seems to speak half of the european languages and links and contextualises opinion pieces and polling data from most of them . 
  that directly contradicts this week 's [ pew global survey on national identity ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2017/02/01/what-it-takes-to-truly-be-one-of-us/ ) , interesting . 
  our last change was on 29 november last year , actually . 
  we traded some very minor pieces of land with belgium , the border was a river that 's no longer in its historic place , which meant we had some odd bits and bobs on the wrong side of the water for both countries . 
  we got the better deal !, 
  is it true that god is normally addressed as ` du ' in german in prayer contexts ? 
  i 've heard that this is a difference in usage of formal forms - germans are supposed to consider god an intimate friend , a part of the family , where a ` du ' would be appropriate , while most other cultures emphasize the difference in status and reverence by using the formal form . 
  yes , and i feel my country does a good job with that . 
  i really like the way we try to leave judging of evidence to trained professionals and our strong public defender system . 
  it generates some waste , but the fundamental protections of those rights are worth it to me, 
  english names : white trash ( kevin , sharon , . . ) double names for girls , particularly with a french part : upper class ( marie-fleur , marie-louise ), 
  do n't worry , plenty of dutchies love germany . 
  i know that you use all the sand from the holes you keep digging on our beaches to build beautiful hills and mountains back home and i enjoy those a great deal !, 
  always in english . 
  i 've gotten so used to that that any dutch really hurts my suspension of disbelief , especially with sf and fantasy . 
  it 's complicated . 
  historically there was a commitment to strong local autonomy , with few powers exercised at a kingdom level and a lot of independence for our 6 caribbean territories . 
  the kingdom , and therefore due to the population difference basically the netherlands , mostly deals with the military and requirements for citizenship and immigration , but the kingdom statute also guarantees fundamental human rights . 
  some of the caribbean territories , most notably bonaire , have serious corruption and cartel issues . 
  there 's been tension between the colonies and motherland about the degree of influence the netherlands should have in dealing with them - the netherlands contents that the kingdom can and will step in on indications that island judiciaries are under mob control , for example . 
  of course that 's seen as illegal and unnecessary meddling by a lot of islanders that feel they 've got stuff perfectly under control . 
  there are also some tensions about eu regulations - the netherlands are part of the eu , but the caribbean bits have a more complicated relationship . 
  issues like these have resulted in constitutional reforms . 
  initially all 6 major islands were grouped in a single country , the netherlands antilles , but aruba left in 1986 , and in 2010 the entire structure was revamped to clarify responsibilities and powers . 
  3 islands elected to become separate countries within the kingdom , 3 others are now classified as municipalities of the netherlands proper , with much stronger ties to us . 
  ( one of the odd side-effects of the 2010 reform is the changing of the highest point of the netherlands . 
  rather than a measly 322m mountlet in europe it 's now a proper volcano at 887m on the island of saba ! ), 
  winston churchill mentioned in his autobiography that this caused a lengthy discussion once the americans joined the wwii efforts . 
  the brits tabled a motion about a matter that was a priority for both the us and the uk , which the americans argued against . 
  it took quite a discussion before it was clear that they all wanted the same thing !, 
  your american usage of federal is the most common one here too . 
  countries with regions with a lot of autonomy like germany or belgium use the word ` federal ' to refer to things relating to their national government , just like you would in the us .
