  prime time stuff is sometimes american , including the good stuff like game of thrones , but more often domestically produced . 
  i 'm not sure why you think / r/askhistorians ca n't help you here . 
  it looks like a perfect question for there . 
  i think you 're asking an interesting question and the downvotes are quite unfair . 
  for a lot of people it 's just a quite touchy subject as you 're forced to generalize greatly and there 's a danger of dumbing it down to an offensive caricature . 
  reddit in general does n't respond to this type of questions well , i 've learned to be * very * cautious with my wording when talking about americans as a group . 
  i find it very interesting , but a lot of people just seem to find it very problematic . 
  it 's actually quite hard to put this into words . 
  i can point to some commonly named characteristics and underlying themes , but it 's hard to actually be specific about what defines my culture . 
  my own culture is gronings/drents , which is northeastern dutch . 
  our culture is rooted in protestantism , which should be contrasted with the catholic south and the more multicultural west of the country . 
  there 's a calvinist work ethic and strong belief in simple , traditional values . 
  there 's a lot of distrust of gregarious people , smooth talkers and flamboyance . 
  indeed , even success is culturally distrusted , there 's a huge emphasis on being normal and fitting in , quite close to the scandinavian law of jante . 
  we 're extremely direct and stubborn , even by dutch standards . 
  recently the cultural divide with the rest of the country has become more prominent due to natural gas extraction . 
  it 's causing earthquakes in the region , but the money flows to the national government which mostly invests it in other parts of the country . 
  the resentment did n't cause the differences between various parts of the country , those have been here for ages , but they 're certainly more visible now . 
  you 're missing my point , i 'm saying the subject does n't matter to us . 
  wwii was only an example , it rotates yearly here . 
  these have all been graduation subjects in years since 2000 : vietnam war , the us federal government 1865-1965 , dutch education reforms 1780-1920 , the ussr under brezhnev , the lancashire cotton industry 1750-1850 . 
  the subject matter does n't matter . 
  we focus on something , anything , and use it to teach children proper historiography , critical thinking , how to judge reliable sources . 
  sure , the pacific front in wwii would be a possible subject too . 
  it just has n't been in the past years , but that says absolutely nothing about the relative importance of wwii fronts in the dutch mind , it 's just a coincidence . 
  i did n't know braveheart was in school curricula , very interesting !, 
   i always argue that you learn history to find out how you got to where you are and there is n't time in grade school to learn everyones perspective on world events . 
  it 's the exact opposite here , actually . 
  there 's a large emphasis on historiography , sources and their reliability , and different perspectives . 
  i 've seen the american ap world history curriculum , and it focuses on facts and lists much more heavily than i 'm used to . 
  you 'd never see anything like that in dutch or british education . 
  to give an example : world war ii was a focal point of our equivalent of ap world history last year . 
  the exact framing of the topic was something different than you 're probably used to , though : `` historical context : germany from 1871 to 1945 '' . 
  there 's a huge focus on patterns and causes rather than facts , which necessitates starting much earlier . 
  exam questions often involved primary sources from multiple sides and questions about their reliability and suitability to answer particular questions . 
  our history education is not comprehensive and it is n't intended to , its primary aim is to provide students with resources to judge books and sources on their value and give them the tools to conduct historical research themselves if they ever find a topic that interests them . 
  there 's barely any need to cover the us at all to achieve these aims . 
  i would n't say questions from americans are generally badly received here , most get a good amount of upvotes . 
  exceptions are patronising questions like [ this , ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/48bm9x/dear_spain_why_dont_you_have_outward_swinging/ ) which boil down to `` silly europe , why are you worse than us ? '' . 
   but individuals with an honest curiosity are probably not the ones to blame for the actions of a government that put itself in corporate pockets . 
  this is also a cultural difference . 
  we feel a much stronger `` we , the people '' - the government represents me . 
  we elected them , they do what the majority wants them to do , and you ca n't see our government policies separate from us as a people . 
  cultural differences like this are also why some answers and questions do get downvoted so heavily . 
  if you ask about the dutch government 's response to the refugee crisis you 're not attacking some separate entity , you 're attacking my representative and therefore me . 
  that 's not necessarily a problem , i can take critique , but there 's sometimes a lack of tact in dealing with that . 
  there are many such examples , another frequent one is an implicit superiority about freedom , free speech , and gun laws . 
  it 's mostly unintentional , but there 's often an implicit `` why are you less free than the us ? '', 
  in the way americans look at europe , while we consider freedom as a multidimensional thing and , indeed , we often consider ourselves * more * free than americans . 
  ( note that i 'm generalising greatly . 
  i can see that almost all americans mean well , and most manage to avoid pitfalls like these , it just happens frequently enough that you can see an anti-american bias where there is n't one . ), 
  [ here 's a map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/08/high_speed_railroad_map_of_europe_2015.svg ) of european high speed rail connections . 
  note that only the tracks capable of very high speeds are on here , the rest of the continent is entirely covered with local lines . 
  it 's cheap , but our domestic services are much cheaper as well . 
  we pay much less for trains in general , amtrak prices would scare all of us . 
  the most popular dutch tea brand is named pickwick . 
  it 's completely dutch , but the brand name really evokes images of proper british tea . 
  to clarify , the top 2000 is a hugely popular music list that 's broadcasted yearly between christmas day and new year 's eve , and an indispensable part of the dutch festive traditions . 
  over 50 % of dutch people listen and although it has its biases it 's the best indicator of music popularity you 're going to get here , it includes everything from the beatles to avicii , metallica to adele , the bee gees to dutch folk music . 
  in [ last year 's list of 2000 numbers ] ( http://www.nporadio2.nl/top2000 ) the beatles were the most represented band with 49 songs , although their highest song , hey jude , ` only ' clocks in at # 48 . 
  i 'd also agree anecdotally with / u/bobbyfle - the beatles are the most popular with people that were in their teens in the 60 's , 70 's or around 1995 , but well thought of and liked in most generations . 
  well , yes . 
  you can watch the entire documentary , or others in the series ( they compare more nordic practices to their american equivalent ) . 
  he 's completely genuine . 
   in america there is no code like that , it 's `` carry whatever you want in your car except drugs . '', 
  we look at our requirements the same as you do - the state regulates some minimum of road worthiness to prevent avoidable crashes and beyond that you 're allowed to do whatever you want in your own vehicle , including transporting anything that 's legal . 
  i 'd say we see a warning triangle as an essential like a working steering wheel and proper tires rather than some law that restricts our luggage , passengers , or usage . 
  it may not be attached to the mechanical workings of the car , but it 's just seen as something essential here , and we do n't feel restricted at all because of it . 
  [ this documentary ] ( https://youtu.be/jbm9ucxejdm?t=11m56s ) , norden , where an lapd officer visits scandinavian countries to compare methods , might interest you . 
  i linked to a specific part ( 11m56s , for mobile users ) where they compare traffic stops . 
  i would say that you normally wait for the officer to approach you , but it 's not a tense situation and i certainly would n't expect anything to go wrong if i stepped out of my car - it only makes it more obvious that i 'm not going to suddenly drive away . 
  the way the american officer approached the situation would certainly be a huge culture shock here in the netherlands as well , i would n't consider that appropriate at all . 
  in and around my city in the netherlands you 'll get a house or apartment of 100-150 m2 . 
  the homes farther away from the city are n't much larger , big homes just are n't a thing here , but you tend to get much more land with your house for that price in more rural areas , ranging from 500m2 to 3000m2 . 
  the concept of safe neighbourhoods does n't really exist here , all are considered completely safe , although you might have some noise complaints in what we call ` bad ' neighbourhoods . 
  [ ok , you get to answer too !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askanamerican/comments/47tu8t/what_do_you_think_of_the_map_separating_the_us/ ), 
  could you explain some of the differences ? 
  there are a lot of polish people in the netherlands , are they more likely to be from poland a or b ? 
  that split is kind of obvious indeed , but is that enough ? 
  people from antwerp and limburg may be united in some ways , but there are huge differences , right ? 
  could you perhaps explain some of the stereotypes ? 
  i know every region has their own cheeses , wines , languages and festivals , but is there a region where people are considered grumpier than the rest of france , or more religious , or more rude ? 
  interesting that you list cornwall explicitly , are they really that out of place in a south england region ? 
  / u/baller _ chemist 's breakdown feels more accurate to me , but i 'm not british , so do tell !, 
  i think this is a solid breakdown , although i would have personally framed it a bit more along religious lines - the protestant north , catholic south , mixed randstad , and i feel the bible belt certainly deserves a separate listing . 
  religion may not be very present or important for most people , but the underlying values are certainly there . 
  the south has catholic holidays and is more sociable and has a greater acceptance for luxury , while the north really has that protestant dislike of anything flamboyant or boastful . 
  i would n't hesitate to throw utrecht into the ` randstad ' category , personally , if anything northern noord-holland and zeeland are the most ignored , they 're not urban enough to fit the randstad and do n't quite fit into the other regions either . 
  what type of cultural differences are we talking about ? 
  could you make an educated guess where someone 's from based on what they eat or how they vote , are people from 1 region stereotyped in some way ? 
  [ this map ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/govbeat/wp/2013/11/08/which-of-the-11-american-nations-do-you-live-in/ ) separating the us into 11 different nations actually inspired this question . 
  i 'm not sure whether it 's accurate , but it 's fun to think about these things . 
  do n't let the headlines and reddit echo chambers trick you into thinking things are going wrong in europe . 
  we certainly do n't think so : [ in almost every country , people are more happy now than they were in 2012 . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21693638-what-makes-europeans-happy-it-depends-where-they-live-hell-other-people-swedes ), 
  [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/29/niederl%c3%a4ndische_dialekte.png ) is a rough dialect map of the netherlands . 
  within a single coloured region dialect speakers will be mutually intelligible , although slight variations still exist . 
  some of the neighbouring colours are mutually intelligible , but not all . 
  you 're right that standard dutch is taught in schools and almost everyone under 70 will be fluent in it .
