  we use british/irish pints rather than american ones , though , so no american unit of measurement there . 
   i guess i was n't quite expecting interesting responses about looking towards other european nations , we generally look at rich countries , with a special focus on countries that are trying more extreme routes in certain fields . 
  for example , work/life balance , especially balanced career options for women and people with kids , are a huge focus here , and of course we keep an eye on the radical ideas other countries are implementing . 
  we do n't particularly care about geographical proximity , but in practice we look at denmark 's women participation , sweden 's shorter work weeks , finland 's experiments with extensive assistance for parents , and those countries look at the netherlands . 
  the us is just too far removed from us culturally , with your views on government and a welfare state , for many useful experiments . 
   in terms of education , are you only referring to university ? 
  yes , just university . 
  i think your lack of differentiation in middle/high school and your funding by district would be the most unpopular parts , but you 're right that the education system is disliked in almost every aspect . 
  i have great respect for the many inspired teachers and students that give it their best , but they 're doing their part in a system we do n't envy . 
  culturally , the dutch focus has always been on the average and the lowest percentile . 
  in high schools it 's traditionally been more important to work on lowering the drop out rate rather than getting the maximum out of excelling students , and there 's a stronger push to ensure our worst national university is still in the top 300 or so globally rather than ensuring a top 10 spot . 
  that 's been shifting a bit in the past 20 years or so , and there 's some interest in what we can learn from the best global universities , which of course includes the american giants in this field . 
  it 's hard to leverage some of that knowledge on a vastly smaller budget while keeping our system accessible for everyone , but it is something we look at . 
  orange is our national colour , though . 
  most people in the netherlands will be vaguely aware that it has happened due to contact with american culture , but it 's not part of every school curriculum and i do n't think most people have enough knowledge to have a view at all . 
  the us does n't really show up in our history curriculum that early . 
  in what you 'd call ap history ( that 's world and us combined here , we do n't subdivide that ) it 's quite prominently present post-wwii ( marshall plan , us 1960 's civil rights , vietnam war , cold war , and by now other wars from the 90 's / 00 's all get attention ) , but before that there 's some minor attention during wwii and a small 2 page mention of the american revolution in the broader enlightenment chapters , that 's it . 
  your civil war does n't show up at all . 
  i 'm not sure why you excluded other european countries , but we do look mostly to the nordic countries for ideas . 
  the us does come up positively in some contexts - efficiency of graduate and postgraduate education , valorisation of scientific knowledge , innovation , the military , and for some far right types free speech laws , to give some examples . 
  i think that even on those topics `` an example of good policy '' is too strong a statement , though , as it 's usually the outcome that 's cited rather than the policies themselves , and the policies either do n't translate to our situation or are deemed too expensive . 
  3 examples : - graduation rates in dutch universities are abysmal compared to american ones , it 's actually quite uncommon to complete your studies in the allotted time and it 's clear from top american universities that a high quality education can be more effective in some circumstances . 
  there 's a lot of talk and trials trying to work towards that , but there 's no willingness to sacrifice our high baseline quality or accessibility to accomplish this . 
  - the us is commonly cited as an example of a country with a stronger entrepreneurial spirit . 
  a lot of political parties want more of that here , but cultural factors are holding us back . 
  we seem to have everything an entrepreneur could hope for : a willing and supporting government and investment climate in terms of stability , finances and expertise , a friendly tax climate , a social safety net if your startup goes wrong . 
  people just are n't as willing to start their own company , and we need to fix that ourselves , because that just does n't is as much of an issue in the us . 
  - the american military is exemplary in a number of ways , but on a budget we 're utterly unwilling to provide . 
  there 's no reason to assume our force could n't use the newest high tech gadgets , fancy equipment and extra personnel , but it 's no option for us at that level of spending . 
  on november 11th the local children will go trick-or-treating with our home made lanterns in honour of st. martin , as usual . 
  it has nothing to do with wwi , though . 
  in the lord of the rings online you can name your own legendary weapons , and i began using names from my favourite books . 
  one of my characters lead the charge with a gigantic broadsword i named nymeria after the game of thrones queen , and i liked the sound of it and started using a masculine version of that as a username . 
  i can think of just one set of nicknames , the diminutives of the amounts are used to refer to the notes , e.g. 
  ` tientje ' ( ` little ten ' ) = 10 euros . 
  i 'll grab my actual , physical newspaper for today !, 
  these are the main headlines on each page , i 've edited some for clarity . 
  front page : setback in formation of dutch government 2 : tribal struggle in british conservative party 3 : ` sticky fingers ' in amsterdam , the dutch tax evasion route of the rolling stones 4 : `` this is russian style protesting '' , interview with a russian opposition leader 5 : economy grows , but wages lag behind ; discussion in germany about ties on the work floor 6 : `` is on the philippines '' , the capture of the city of marawi by is-affiliated youths 8 : the social media of the 18th century : article about friendship books 9 : tip for working rotterdam : the municipal government provides a 1-time pay-out to low earning workers 10 : the priest and the old lady that gave him 100k : some issues about old people and money 13 : editorial : employment contracts need reform 14 : amsterdam mosque sued by protestor 15 : corruption issues with defence car contracts 16 : syrian refugee children forced into child labour in east turkey 18 : uber-ceo on leave after sexism report 19 : gay couples better in dividing household chores 20 : obituary of a dutch artist after that there 's 4 pages of opinion and reader 's letters , 1 page of science , 3 pages of economic news , 2 sport , and 11 pages of rotating themes , tuesdays it 's art , fashion and media . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by this . 
  are dutchmen or belgians supposed to feel more similar according to you ? 
  i believe there 's a huge cultural gap in perspective in how we look at any issue , positive or negative . 
  i 've noticed on / r/askanamerican that many americans tend to start from their own experiences , and dismiss national statistics as lacking granularity and nuance . 
  i 'm culturally used to starting with statistics and the big picture and applying nuance to those if necessary to explain a phenomenon . 
  another cultural gap does n't help either - we lack the adversarial relationship with our government , and tend to feel that it 's an accurate representation of the country as a whole . 
  there are racists and assholes everywhere , including here , but we tend to look at individual cases , good and bad ones , as anecdotal and look on a societal level . 
  the us does n't always look pretty in that view : * legislative : the issues with racist voter suppression laws , disdain for minorities in elections , gerrymandering . 
  * executive : trump and the muslim ban * judicial : higher conviction rates and punishments for minorities * police : serious issues with minorities that were n't taken seriously until cameras in phones became prevalent enough to make it irrefutable . 
  the point is that most of these issues exist here too , but just seem to be dealt with better . 
  our police has issues with minorities , and they 've been worse in the past . 
  but we 've had lots of independent inquiries into police conduct with real results and punishments for decades . 
  there were feelings that minorities were punished more harshly in our courts , but an independent study concluded this was n't actually the case . 
  we have muslim ban people , but they 're much less influential in government policy . 
  the problem is that everyone , including most racists , thinks they are n't racist , and behaviour does n't always measure up to that . 
  have you ever seen [ this map ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/05/17/5-insights-on-the-racial-tolerance-and-ethnicity-maps-from-an-ethnic-conflict-professor/?utm_term=.d8e52f713ecf ) of people 's tolerance to a neighbour of a different race ? 
  it 's quite often brought up in international comparisons of racism on reddit . 
  i find it mostly interesting because of the stark contrast with the [ racial dot map ] ( https://demographics.virginia.edu/dotmap/index.html ) that shows how many americans actually have a neighbour of a different race , and paints an entirely different picture . 
  let me emphasise 2 points to conclude this post : 1 . 
  the us is making real progress on these issues , and that should be applauded . 
  i think there 's a strong argument to be made that , due to historical reasons , the us had to come from a much greater distance , and i absolutely do n't condone any painting of americans as worse people . 
  regardless , though , to me and many other dutchmen the conclusion is that equating the state of racial issues in our countries is n't accurate . 
  at this point in time the position of minorities in the us is , in my opinion , worse than the situation of minorities here . 
  of course that conclusion does n't mean we should keep working on improving the situation in both of our countries . 
   typical european response of semantics and evasive answering . 
  i 'm in a good mood today , so i 'm going to disregard your tone this once . 
  i hope you realise we 're all here for our own pleasure , though , and that this is extremely unhelpful in keeping the discussion constructive . 
  to reiterate , i was saying that : 1 . 
  racism and xenophobia are an issue in nl 2 . 
  those issues are , in the mind of most dutch people , worse in the us 3 . 
  therefore , people objected to op 's equating of the two . 
   is it currently worse in american probably , you seem to be agreeing with that . 
  so what 's your point , exactly ? 
   zwarte piet this is such a divisive issue mainly because of the tone of the debate . 
  the arguments of people like sylvana simons are of the form `` i feel offended by x , and i dismiss your opinion on x , therefore x needs to change . '', 
  this goes against a tradition of 600 years of tolerance in our country - her offence is unfortunate , deserves to be taken seriously , but it 's the starting point of a dialogue , not a conclusion . 
  we ca n't and wo n't ban everything that * someone * is offended by , that goes against every liberty we stand for . 
  zwarte piet has been evolving for 200 years and will continue to do so , but it 's the lack of nuance and dialogue that makes this such an issue . 
   at least on 3 different separate occasions living here in amsterdam i 've stumbled across a situation with at least 10 + responding police officers ( i.e. 
  at least three law enforcement vehicles on scene ) , multiple vehicles is the default on subjects of any race . 
  have you ever seen the vlogs of [ cop jan-willem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucmxepybupzj8rruwz6r8utq ) or other videos from / r/hulpdiensten ? 
  a simple shoplifting case involving a white teen will get 3 vehicles too . 
  dutch cops tend to respond with overwhelming numbers to prevent escalation and violence as a matter of course . 
   outside of groningen the black and moroccan dutchmen struggled immensely to gain admittance , i do happen to live in groningen , actually . 
  but of course : this is very real , unfortunate and should be fought . 
  i do n't dismiss our issues , but i do object to equating them with the situation in the us . 
   i am not talking about politics . 
  i am talking about the society/community . 
  that 's an issue , though . 
  most people here * do * talk about politics , and they usually find the will of the people as a whole much more relevant than stories about individuals . 
  first of all , strictly speaking racism * is n't * much of an issue here . 
  gypsies are what you 'd call ` white ' too , as are poles . 
  almost all discrimination here is along cultural and religious lines rather than racial - when there are issues you 'll usually find it 's something like black and white cultural dutchmen ganging up on recently immigrated polish kids rather than any kind of segregation along racial lines . 
  of course xenophobia is just as bad , but it 's important to realise that the landscape and direction of hatred are very different here than in the us . 
  i can write long paragraphs about multiculturalism , integration , what 's specifically done against xenophobia , and the challenges here , but i think your experience may simply be the result of something very simple : most people here do think racism and xenophobia are a significantly worse issue in the us . 
  ( i can explain that point of view further , if you wish . ), 
  from my experiences in / r/askanamerican most americans tend to disagree , and you seem to too . 
  are you sure that the issue is actually a difference in perception on the situation in europe ? 
  people object to the equating of the us with their countries not because they want to downplay the issues in their own country , but because they view the * american * situation in a much worse light than you seem to do . 
  that used to be the case , but almost all schools start earlier than that now , i think . 
  i 'm not sure whether the legal maximum age to start instruction changed , though . 
  yes .
