  why is it such a surprise that our oppressive tax rates bring benefits too ? 
  people are doing really well in the netherlands , i 'd say . 
  we certainly got problems with unemployed and underemployed young people , but the welfare system is quite generous . 
  there are unemployment benefits as well as insurance and rent assistance , allowing anyone to live on their own . 
  people can have a hard time finding a suitable job , but they 're not growing hungry or homeless , and most people hit their stride eventually . 
  home ownership is a bit of a problem , though . 
  no down payments are required , but you often need 2 incomes or a career to afford a good house . 
  couples are able to buy a house straight out of university , though , as long as they can find a job . 
  i love those questions , it 's shame they 're so disliked here . 
  i love talking about the us . 
  and where do i do that ? 
  it felt like rather the opposite , people somehow concluding i 'm anti american . 
  once again , why is it rude ? 
  america is awesome because it is a beacon of liberty , not because it is supposed to be , and i think that 's a reasonable distinction . 
  why is n't it ? 
  nah , they 're free to run their country whatever whey they like , of course . 
  i just do n't think a stated * ideal * of freedom/liberty/justice is a good reason to like your country . 
  if you conclude your country lives up to those ideals and is actually a pretty good to live , sure , and i think most americans would , but you 've got to look beyond the ideal and look at the actual country . 
  for a start there is dutch air force presence in fort rucker , alabama and fort hood , texas . 
  i 'm sure there are many more examples , these are just 2 i know of without looking . 
  you 're welcome to google yourself . 
  certainly , and that 's a good reason to like it , but apparently a lot of americans think the mere fact that it was founded on some nice principles is good enough reason in and of itself , and consider that patriotic . 
  i 'd call that nationalism . 
  yes ? 
  and there are lots there ? 
  they train truckloads of fighter pilots , do n't they ? 
  i know there are plenty of dutch troops there , at least . 
  and besides , the american influence is hardly the result of some minor troop presence in europe . 
  how are you picturing this , do you think the americans have tanks in germany so they can roll them up to merkel and bully her into cooperating when they feel like it ?!, 
  it 's nothing like that . 
  i think you 're describing the difference between patriotism and nationalism as i understand the terms , and i fully agree . 
  as an aside , is the meaning of ` patriotism ' shifting in america , / u/smokeandmuzzleflash ? 
  [ i was very surprised to learn ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askanamerican/comments/4z0aom/americans_what_do_those_flowery_flags_that/d6rzw77?context=5 ) that people consider the american ideals a sufficient reason to be patriotic . 
  i would have thought the current reality would need to be taken into account , but apparently that 's worth a lot of downvotes . 
  `` they '' think referring to whom ? 
  the american diplomatic corps , government , or people ? 
  i 'd also strongly disagree with the `` kick the us out of europe '' sentiment . 
  it 's by no means the charity some americans appear to think it is , but let 's not pretend it is n't a mutually beneficial arrangement . 
   and probably by most universities here . 
  any university that is remotely interested in accepting american students will know all about gpa 's . 
  op may not get answers about his eligibility in this post but the institutions will certainly be able to tell him . 
  100 mbps theoretically , ~ 55 in practice , no cap , $ 2,21 per month . 
  i 'm on fiber , so i got over 50 mbps upload as well . 
  it 's complicated - if you ask americans that 's certainly the conclusion . 
  it 's utterly socially unacceptable to say you do n't want to live next to a neighbour of a different race in the us , and if you survey people asking questions about that the us is a shining beacon of integration and tolerance . 
  at the same time a map of detroit 's neighbourhoods by ethnicity [ looks like this . 
  ] ( https://detroitography.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/screen-shot-2013-08-09-at-7-52-28-am.png?w=637&amp;h=399 ) i think it 's also important to realize that a lot of judgements on this are very culturally based . 
  i only call someone dutch when he 's quite similar to me - he probably needs to speak my language and share a lot of what i consider basic dutch norms and values . 
  i do n't consider that xenophobic because to my mind dutch is n't inherently better than other cultures , and considering someone less dutch is n't a value judgement in any way , but this is incredibly offensive to most americans . 
  the reverse applies to american black culture - to a lot of people here it 's appalling that people that have lived there for generations still have a separate culture and are supposed to like foods or music based on their skin colour , but to americans it 's a harmless celebration of heritage . 
   well it 's pretty clear if you 're not white , there are plenty of non-white europeans . 
  a lot of black dutchmen are as dutch as they can be . 
  i love your username . 
  it adds such a delicious irony . 
  that 's what we call a tosti in the netherlands !, 
  i 've just looked if our version is a turkish import , but apparently we stole it from the italians , and they could n't pronounce ` toast ' . 
  what 's non-local irish ? 
  dara o briain as he speaks on the bbc ? 
  vic & bob are easy enough to understand !, 
  i grew up in a low saxon part of the netherlands , but never spoke dialect myself . 
  most of these are easy enough to figure out !, 
  the nato without the us is a military force significantly more powerful than other powers like china or russia , so i 'm not worried , especially if the us leaves in an orderly manner with a proper transitional phase . 
  i just do n't see it happening , though . 
  i think even a trump presidency would n't actually see the us leave the nato . 
  is it a real accent or just the arrogance ? 
  same here , i was going to link our [ cheese sandwich . 
  ] ( http://media.libelle.nl/m/30w8dtwiyrz7.jpg ) i 'd like to think our bread is usually tastier than yours , but it 's not going to impress anyone . 
  i would n't consider the organisation that 's in every history book as the eu 's predecessor underrated . 
  it 's complicated . 
  it 's one of those issues where both sides have both strong rational and strong emotional arguments and it 's hard to see a good consensus solution . 
  it really depends on what you consider chill . 
  low stress and order are quite scandinavian , but you can easily call italians very laid back ... until you see the traffic , that is !, 
  i think the vatican is the toughest . 
  yes we do . 
  hazing and all the rest of it . 
   all i hear is bush is a war criminal , the nsa is a bunch of terrorists , the us is a rogue terrorist nation and iraq was an illegal invasion . 
  if that 's what you 're taking away from this exchange then i see no point in arguing any further . 
  i 'll reiterate the most important point once again : most people hold a nuanced view of the us , seeing both positive and negative points , but overall your country is generally liked and respected in europe . 
  have a nice day . 
  [ here are some recent approval figures . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/29/as-obama-years-draw-to-close-president-and-u-s-seen-favorably-in-europe-and-asia/u-s-and-china-fav-web-version/ ) 63 % approval here in the netherlands , 63 % in france , 69 % in sweden , 72 % in italy . 
  it 's hardly the first time i link those , did you miss that when digging through my comment history ? 
  from the same source , trump 's dutch approval rate is an abysmal 7 % , that 's true . 
  there 's a world of difference between trump 's proposals and us current policy , though . 
  and yes , i stand behind the rest of my past posts as well . 
  apparently this needs spelling out , but you can conclude from my statements that the us approval rate is good and my statement that people want the us to act in accordance with global values that the general impression is that most of the american actions are considered justified . 
  that 's not a contradiction , and a major reason of the quite low values you can find for '' * very * favorable * - most people here hold some things against the us but have a positive overall impression . 
   do you not agree that you and other here , along with many europeans claim to hate the us and it 's policies ? 
  no , i do n't , and people here do n't , and it has no basis in fact . 
  the only eu country with a majority disapproving of the us is greece . 
  this entire question is based on an utterly false premise . 
  your reasoning beyond that is n't much better either . 
  the vast majority of us policy is domestic , and it should be clear from the different direction our political parties are steering our countries in that there are vast ideological differences there . 
  `` not taking any action to oppose us actions '' is also a very naive way of viewing world politics . 
  a lack of publicly stated disapproval does n't mean approval , and joining the us does n't mean acceptance of the underlying worldview . 
  holy mother of moving goalposts , what point are you trying to prove here ? 
  we do n't . 
  that 's hard to answer , almost every tourist spot is hyped . 
  i 'd consider the busiest places the most overrated , they 're usually not worth the wait compared to the second best thing . 
  lots of family vacations in stereotypical dutch fashion : with the caravan to france or germany .
