  there are 3 common ways to afford this : 1 . 
  save money from a part-time job or summer job , starting a year or two in advance . 
  use the first months of your gap year to work a minimum wage job in your country of origin , followed by some more months traveling . 
  save just enough money for the flight and a week or two lodging and work in your destination country . 
  this method is very popular for people going to new zealand or australia , there are a lot of fruit farms and the like where people on gap years do some of the seasonal work in exchange for a low-ish wage and free lodging . 
  there are probably people that rely on their parents for funding , but i do n't think i 've ever met any . 
  this is the type of thing that 's within reach on just a part-time paper round , walmart or mcdonalds job . 
  the us is a richer country than mine , it 's within financial reach for most american kids as well , it 's just something cultural . 
  there have been a few incidents that attracted loads of media attention precisely because they 're so rare . 
  you 're less likely to be killed , less likely to suffer from violent crime , you 're safer in general in western europe than just about anywhere else in the world , certainly including the us . 
  the single exception is pickpockets , these are around more here in tourist areas , but they are no risk to your personal safety at all , they 're not armed and will back off when found our . 
  the terrorist attacks in france cost 130 lives , brussels had 32 victims . 
  these are incredibly tragic losses , and some of those 162 people were indeed tourists , but let 's put this in perspective : europe received 588 million international tourists in 2014 . 
  you 're more likely to die from just about everything else , including staying at home : the mozambique murder rate is about 4 times as high as western europe 's , you 're hundreds of times more likely to die if you cancel your trip . 
   is that dialect a sort of transitory dialect between dutch and german speaking areas ? 
  they 're dialects in the same dialect group , which form a single dialect continuum and are spoken in parts of the netherlands as well as germany . 
  in the case of full dialect speakers you would n't notice the country border at all in your language use . 
  west frisian is indeed quite a different beast , quite similar to english . 
  it 's not intelligible for a large majority of dutch people , you really need to live quite close to the area and interact with speakers regularly to be able to make much of it . 
  you 're right , but that 's only a small part of the story . 
  almost all regional cultural differences have some basis in religion , although most people do n't look at them that way . 
  historically , northern dutch as protestant , and a lutheran sense of frugality , modesty and simplicity forms the basis of the cultures here to this day . 
  the historically catholic south is , by contrast , much more flamboyant , theatrical , gregarious in many things . 
  historical religious differences go much further in our country than merely some local holidays . 
  as a second point , there 's a small but influential part of the netherlands we call our bible belt that 's still very religious . 
  entire villages and schools where you 're going to have trouble finding a woman wearing pants . 
  this region is quite small , but due to the nature of political coalitions in our country their small parties have been highly influential in parliament for the last decades . 
  we 're certainly no america , being openly irreligious wo n't normally be held against anyone , but religion has a much greater role on dutch culture than is apparent at the surface . 
  there are no pacs in the netherlands but i 'm not sure if they 're actually forbidden . 
  political parties get their financing from a number of sources , including donations , and transparency laws require all gifts over 4500 euros to be published . 
  there are n't many of those at all , and donations do n't really have an impact on the campaign , which is very frugal by international standards . 
  our elections are also unusually facts based , with for example the national statistics office publishing whether the proposed budgets of campaigning parties are balanced , which prevents them from making empty expensive promises . 
  that does n't mean our rich and powerful do n't have a lot of influence - we 've traditionally ruled our country according to the * polder model * , which means a lot of decisions , especially on economic policy , are made by negotiation between the dutch government , the labour unions , and employer 's unions . 
  a lot of business leaders have significant influence in this system and they use this way to influence policy rather than attempting to influence elections . 
  our labour unions and government are powerful enough to reign in excesses , though , and i do n't think the influence reaches inappropriate levels . 
  contrary to popular belief i do n't think there 's a european country with particularly strict hate speech laws , certainly not to the degree a lot of americans seem to expect . 
  countries like the uk , germany and my own netherlands draw the line on free speech only marginally differently than the us , and especially in the case of clearly political speech you can say almost everything . 
  it 's true that there are some things you 're not allowed to say here , but you 're severely underestimating how big of an insulting asshole you need to be before you get in illegal territory . 
  we 're talking kkk , not trump . 
  funny to hear a brit say that , i associate them most strongly with british humour . 
  i 've heard surrender jokes numerous times on have i got news for you , the news quiz , i 'm sorry i have n't a clue and other comedy and current affairs shows . 
  as has been mentioned multiple times here , it 's a joke stereotype , like the french always surrendering , the greek all being lazy , and the dutch being constantly off their clogs on weed . 
  the answer to your question is that no two groups would start pub fights on nationality alone . 
  none at all . 
  a language barrier or cultural differences may cause a situation to escalate more easily , but that 's it . 
  even groups of tourists known for being aggressive and belligerent in other countries like the english would n't start a fight like this but resort to random acts of vandalism and public urination rather than specifically targeting local people . 
  also , note the spelling , scotts are multiple people named scott together rather than a nationality . 
   peanut butter ( it 's just better than the version here ) i would be careful with your american tastes on stuff like this , every country has its own version because they 're preferred this way , not because we do n't have access to superior american products . 
  dutch peanut butter is one of the top expat product sellers to dutch expats in the us , we consider our own stuff to be much higher quality than the ( to our tastes ) overly sweet and disgustingly smooth american version . 
  the same may apply to austrians . 
  it 's probably a good gift for a homesick american , but it may not be a good item to try to impress locals with . 
  beer and booze are usually excellent gifts , most american alcoholic stuff is n't particularly well-liked but the novelty factor alone will earn it a good reception . 
  a very local beer would be best as a lot of american craft beer is readily available here in specialty shops and some are even found in every supermarket . 
  if you 're curious why this question is getting such a lukewarm welcome , we do n't really look at our own and other countries as a pissing contest . 
  there are so many different styles , the focus is on enjoying and celebrating the differences rather than ranking them . 
  we do n't think a ranking is appropriate , and most would consider it impossible since it 's just too subjective . 
  it 's very common to visit a town as a tourist for its architectural merits and it 's fun to look at the differences between styles , it 's just not normal to turn that into a competition at all . 
  genealogy is a reasonably popular hobby here , i 'm aware of a number of books by distant cousins from different sides that have traced my family back as far as they could , usually somewhere in the 16th century . 
  i personally do n't really care for anything beyond my great grandparents , so i do n't know anything earlier personally . 
  there 's enough interesting stuff in the last generations , and that 's the stuff that shaped the people i know and influences how they raised me . 
  you 're not mentioning where you 're from , so it 's probably safe to assume you 're american ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i have n't heard about anything in particular and i 'm not sure if there is a flag to check in my city . 
  i only recognize your characterisation from various subreddits . 
  western europe is n't portrayed anything like that in any media i consume . 
  if you know little about economics it 's hard to explain the debt part , public finance is n't the easiest thing to grasp . 
  the very short version is that some debt is good for a healthy economy , but that greece had too much of it . 
  education has nothing to do with that . 
  is n't there a uk remake of the bridge ? 
  do you watch the original scandinavian version ? 
  i 'm surprised it 's broadcasted in the uk . 
  i do n't know , towie has always looked very romantic to me . 
  such passionate love !, 
   what matters more than the goal posts is the direction your going . 
  that 's another way of looking at it . 
  i realize that 's a possibility too , which is why i said sanders was right wing * depending on how you look at it . 
  * i said explicitly i was comparing policy proposals . 
   also , he is in favor of lgbt adoption although that 's not really a hot topic at the moment so it does n't get talked about a lot . 
  i googled before posting , i ca n't find him saying anything on this . 
  i 'm assuming he 's in favor and not stating it to stay more electable , but as far as i 'm aware he 's never actually * said * he is . 
  anyway , we 're mostly splitting hairs here . 
  i think we can agree that sanders is very left wing in the us and that most european countries are politically significantly to the left of the us . 
  our political spectrum is defined differently than the american one ( a liberal and a progressive are separate things here rather than synonyms ) , and i can argue that sanders is a liberal , progressive or conservative depending on the way i look at it . 
  pretty much all of them except post-secondary education . 
  some examples : * sanders pushes for a 40 % reduction by 2030 in carbon emission , which is our current right wing government policy . 
  left wing parties push for 55 % and take much more aggressive stances against fossil fuel than any american candidate , for example by advocating huge subsidies for wind and solar energy solutions . 
  * sanders ' lgbt and social stances would only have been left wing here 10 years ago . 
  as far as i know he has n't explicitly endorsed adoption by gay couples , which has been legal here for 7 years , and he has n't come out in favor of euthanasia . 
  * on women 's rights his policies would be a significant reduction in the availability of reproductive care , abortion rights , pregnancy leave , and measures to encourage part time work . 
  * his income redistribution proposals would make him radically right wing here . 
  reducing welfare by that much is sometimes proposed by populist parties here but deeply unpopular in the nation as a whole , and taxing the rich this little would make him unelectable in an instant . 
  note that i 'm not saying that he 's saying the wrong things , a bad choice , or that our dutch measures would work in america , but it 's clear that his proposals would be right wing in some cases and utterly unelectable far right in some others in our current political spectrum . 
  we 're simply that far to the left of you as a country . 
  sanders is still right wing depending on how you look at it . 
  his proposed policies would amount to a huge decrease in welfare levels , social security and support for the poor , reduce worker 's rights to be more business friendly , it 'd be a huge swing towards the right on social issues , and a reduction of climate-friendly measures and foreign aid . 
  that 's very much right wing stuff here in the netherlands . 
  of course his proposals are n't just based on his ideals and personal beliefs but also on political expediency , and he 's probably forced towards the right to stand a chance in american politics , so it may not be entirely fair to call him a right winger . 
  most of the filler on dutch commercial tv is mediocre american exports because the rights are cheap . 
  outside prime time it 's filled with stuff like dr phil and oprah , the bold and the beautiful , everybody loves raymond and the king of queens . 
  we get a lot of crap movies too for the same reason .
