  a bus is typically something to travel the last couple of miles from an airport or train station to your destination if no train , tram or metro is available on that route . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're looking to get out of travelling by bus , but there 's no reason i can think of . 
  trains will provide you with a better opportunity for contact with locals , stop at plenty of interesting and small places , and are n't more expensive . 
  if you 're looking to avoid flying and save money you might consider an eurail pass , which provides you with unlimited train travel within multiple countries for a cheap cost . 
  for example , a pass for 10 days of unlimited travel within a 1-month period in most of europe ( 30 or so countries ) costs around 350 euros , less travel days or fewer countries even less . 
  there 's too little graveyard space , especially around the big cities , which is solved by ever-increasing rents on graveyard plots . 
  especially since the financial crisis many people ca n't afford the rent after the third year , which means the remains are dug up again to free the space . 
  in about 20 % of the cases those remains are n't properly decomposed after 3 years , which means 3 years after the burial families are looking at the decomposing flesh of their relatives . 
  it sounds very traumatising . 
  well , i do n't go around asking people who 've been in the military whether they 've been shot at , this makes it rather harder to answer . 
  if every city needs a cathedral , why do you refer to some of them as cathedral cities ( places like worcester , leicester , gloucester , . . ) ? 
  are those simply the ones with historically famous ones ? 
  yeah , that 's the kingdom . 
  we got 6 caribbean territories that can largely self determine their association with the netherlands , 3 of them have chosen to be their own country and 3 of them prefer being part of the netherlands . 
  we can beat that !, 
  the smallest dutch city is [ staverden ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/staverden ) , 40 inhabitants , and the largest town is the hague , 657,894 !, 
  do you guys have swimming diplomas kids tend to get ? 
  in a similar overseas fact , the highest point of the netherlands is a potentially active volcano , mount scenery , on our island of saba in the caribbean . 
  ( before anyone asks , yes , that 's the high point of the netherlands proper , not the kingdom of the netherlands that also includes 3 other caribbean countries ), 
  on which technicality ? 
  there are plenty of places with medieval city rights all over the country . 
  i once read a paper comparing hdi by income percentile between finland and the us . 
  the break even point was much higher than i anticipated , finland was still clearly ahead on the 80 % mark and only slightly behind on the 90 % . 
  i have n't been able to find this paper again , does anyone know what i 'm talking about ? 
  lots of stuff !, 
  some random ones that are somewhat interesting : some of the more famous dutch things are legal in some american states , such as prostitution and pot . 
  i do believe our euthanasia laws are more liberal than any state 's . 
  alcohol is less restricted than in many ( all ? ), 
  states in a myriad of ways : drinking age is lower , serving times broader , selling easier , and it can be consumed in a lot more places . 
  an example i found out yesterday is that it 's apparently illegal in many states to drink while being a passenger in a car ? 
  the kinder egg fact is well known , i think , but the same applies to good french brie and a lot of other dairy products - the fda does n't allow the import of the more runny/tasty cheeses . 
  prisoners have a lot more rights here , a prominent one is the right to vote . 
  that 's only stripped here in serious cases of some very specific democracy-related crimes such as voting fraud . 
  our copyright and distribution rights are quite a bit broader . 
  netherlander and netherlandic are also correct english but very uncommon in regular speech . 
  the lack of dual what ? 
  $ 100k translates to $ 91k . 
  in the netherlands you 'd pay $ 37958 tax , or 42 % , if you do n't have a mortgage . 
  there are huge tax breaks for home ownership most people in this bracket take advantage of . 
  of course that 's not directly comparable to the american situation , you 'd have to compensate for a huge range of things from a roth ira to national park fees and toll payments you would n't see in the netherlands because they 're already included in that amount . 
  the netherlands could be an option , lots of culture and museums on easy walking distance in amsterdam 's center and a million easy day trips . 
  cultural : the us . 
  the politics , media , culture , insularity , american exceptionalism , self image , views on race and ethnicity ... 
  i find it absolutely fascinating . 
  historical : tough to name something outside europe - my current fascination is the middle ages and renaissance in europe . 
  probably china , at the moment . 
  why did you specify non-european , by the way ? 
  surely you 're not a 10 ? 
  lots of confusion with slovakia and people will have a hard time finding slovenia on a map , but i 'd say a 10 is more like nauru , saint lucia or sao tome and principe , i 'd give you an 8 at most . 
  edit : if i go by [ the results on the sporcle world geography quiz ] ( http://www.sporcle.com/games/g/world/results ) you 're barely in the bottom half , a 6 would be most accurate based on this measure . 
  i think you 'd have to win eurovision first !, 
  [ here 's a map , ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-sfl7orpdmgg/t6vtbryjf_i/aaaaaaaapgw/90f20oxkgq0/s1600/foto%2b%25284%2529.jpg ) with pink being the hard g , green the soft one , and brownish/yellow the english one . 
  it 's normally characterised as a north/south divide , but it 's kinda nw versus se . 
  i tend to pick whatever nation i fancy based on in-game criteria , but i tend to be more supportive of the dutch when i see the ai playing them . 
  i 've supported a lot of dutch wars of independence in eu4 without a strong in-game rationale . 
  no , not at all . 
  i 'm an eu member in the same sense as i 'm a nato and un member - i strongly support my country participating in these organizations , but they 're not an important part of my identity and i do n't have any particular feelings of kinship based on this political connection . 
  i 'd have picked `` doe-es-normaal-man '' , it captures the essence of dutch culture . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  police can be late here too , the ` when it 's a matter of seconds the police is minutes away ' or whatever still works . 
  castle doctrine goes beyond the reasonable self-defence which as you say is perfectly legal here too . 
  in a number of american states it removes any duty to retreat , even if you know you can do so safely , and allows you to shoot at people clearly running away from you . 
  i 'm very glad we do n't have that here . 
  i strongly disagree with that idea , most burglars are unwilling to harm , and castle doctrine goes beyond self defense . 
  if it was about defense i 'd look more favourably on it . 
  i know you do n't mean this in this way , but can we figure out a sequence of semi-likely royal marriages that would accomplish this ? 
  ed balls day is awesome . 
  you 're making sense , and i 'm sorry to see you downvoted so heavily . 
  that philosophical point is much less dominant here . 
  of course talking in averages involves really inaccurate , broad strokes , but that does n't really stop us . 
  there 's no average dutchman , just a bunch of stereotypes that people can conform to or not . 
  it 's an interesting point . 
  i 'm willing to talk about ` the dutchman ' , but there are definitely dutchmen that are nothing like me and large parts of the country where i would n't feel at home at all . 
  does my point about talking about women make sense ? 
  askreddit is full of questions generalising about that group that 's even larger and more diverse than americans , yet people do n't mind . 
  it 's somehow ok to talk about women being more empathic , emotional , sexy , mean , etc. 
  than men , and the notion that not every woman will conform to every stereotype in the same way is just implicitly understood and accepted . 
  to me that 's the same with national and cultural identity - it 's * fun * to talk in broad strokes , it allows me to make observations and compare to other groups , and i do n't feel doing so disavows our individuality or heterogeneity as a society . 
  [ urk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/urk ) used to be an island , but we made a polder in the water around them and they 're just a coastal village now . 
  their culture is still very insular , though . 
  very religious , a dialect no-one can understand , people from the rest of the country are n't really welcome there . 
  ` tis silly indeed . 
  i think there 's certainly a difference in tone and terminology between the us and the netherlands , and i 've noticed the incredible resistance a lot of americans feel about generalizations , but i think internal regionalism is generally experienced in the same way here . 
   however homogeneous american national identity outwardly appears , internally it is thought as pluralist . 
  for context , texas , hawaii , and california were all their own independent countries/states/nations at one point . 
  i think this is a great point . 
  you guys have experience with internal divisions that still show . 
  look at how many differences can be traced back to your civil war , look at the texan pride that 's still very much alive . 
  that 's very much the same here , the european continent has been ravaged by an incredible amount of wars , occupations and grievances , and these resulted in internal divisions and cultural differences in the same way . 
  not all those differences are readily apparent to foreigners , but they 're there . 
  there 's a long story i could tell about the differences within the netherlands . 
  the historically protestant north versus the catholic south , the urban west , the bible belt , the frisians , the people in urk , the uneven spread of people with caribbean , moluccan , and surinam heritage and all that happened because of that . 
  we 've got our cultural regions , but i 'm not sure that 's the interesting part , although i could elaborate . 
  i 've been trying to figure out why many americans * feel * so much more diverse , why it 's so offensive to talk about ` the average american ' , and why that is n't the case here in the netherlands . 
  is it just a different cultural attitude to generalizations about culture ? 
  it 's certainly a large part of it . 
  i think it 's most important to emphasize that my frequent comments about average dutchman should n't be interpreted as a sign of homogeneity . 
  there are large internal differences , but i 'm willing to talk in sweeping and simplified terms simply because it allows for a more interesting discussion . 
  when you ask me about the height of dutchmen i could say that some of us are short and others tall , but that 's just an empty phrase without any informational value . 
  it 's a lot more interesting to talk about the average and compare that to other nations !,
