  bar leagues do n't exist for any physical sport here , pick-up play is much less common , and i would n't necessarily expect this type of activity at a barbecue and certainly not at a class reunion . 
  that 's not to say there 's nothing of the sort you mention , some casual soccer or frisbee is n't uncommon when barbecuing in a park . 
  it 's not considered a necessary part by any means , though , and usually just involves standing in a big circle and passing around a bit rather than splitting up in teams and making it a game . 
  ( by the way , i 'm limiting my explanations to western europe simply because i want to limit this to my personal experience and i have n't traveled much in central and eastern europe . 
  the same may well apply there . ), 
  looking at your flair here you just settle for the uk when nothing else is available ? 
  wow , i 'm thinking of so many questions for people from such a ` weird ' place within europe , but it 's probably best to make a separate post for them . 
  i know it 's different over there , i just ca n't see why the concept of having to pay for a service is so puzzling in this case , as that 's very much the default for any service . 
  apparently americans have found a compelling reason to make this service available for free . 
  i 'm not sure what that reason is , but we have n't found it , so we treat it like any other service . 
  i really do n't know what else i could say about this , you would 've received the same answer if you 'd asked why you have to pay for a haircut or a massage here : it 's just the logical , default way of doing things in a capitalist world . 
  it 's quite common in the netherlands too , and i think it 's a simple matter of capitalism . 
  someone is providing a service for you , you 're expected to pay for that . 
  companies are perfectly allowed to offer you this perk for free as a complementary service if they feel that makes business sense , and indeed it 's very uncommon to have to pay for a restroom in a bar or restaurant , but that 's up to the free market . 
  i 'm not quite sure what 's so puzzling about this ? 
  yes . 
  [ the canadians are still honoured ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/ve-day-canadian-wwii-vets-feted-in-netherlands-on-liberation-anniversary-1.3060700 ) for your involvement in our wwii liberation , we share a love for snack foods ( your poutine and our kapsalon are quite similar !, 
  ) , and our countries generally share a world view . 
  yeah , that 's a significant year for half of europe at least !, 
  the end of wwii or the start of the euro would work for loads of countries too . 
  this is the exact opposite of what i was about to post . 
  / u/laoba is expressing an opinion that 's extremely prevalent in dutch media and society . 
  we just had an anti eu referendum result where this was a major factor , it 's a daily talking point for wilders , it 's constantly in the news . 
  am i missing some sarcasm here ? 
  i 'd call the dutch view of our military favourable for sure . 
  it 's no hero worship , but it 's an honorable profession and most people will have positive associations with both individual soldiers and the organisation as a whole . 
  well , join the club !, 
  that 's not any different here . 
  sorry to see you downvoted , op , but this is a quite generic question that does come up a lot . 
  make sure to ask follow up questions if something surprises or confuses you , you 're going to get better answers on more specific questions . 
  there 's a lot to be said about america and americans , but let me start on a positive note : americans are considered positive and enthusiastic and reliable business partners that will make good on their promises in international deals . 
  american expats and exchange students are very welcome here , well-liked , and tend to have a great time . 
  american tourists have a reputation of being generous and likeable as well as the more negative stereotypes you may be aware of . 
  america as a country has a very mixed reputation . 
  most people disagree with american foreign policy , and the vast majority of people would n't trade lives with an american in their social and economic position . 
  america is considered an awesome country to be rich , but generally standards of living and quality of life is considered to be higher here for the average person . 
  diversity is an interesting topic . 
  we tend to look at cultures rather than ethnicity , so the separate status and culture of black americans is considered a flaw in your melting pot rather than something to be celebrated . 
  someone who 's been an american for 4 or more generations should n't need a separate qualifier any more , is the general opinion . 
  if you look beyond race the us is n't very special , a lot of the common examples are simply shared by virtually all first world countries . 
  we have similar percentages of immigrants , citizens with foreign parents , we 've got chinatowns , restaurants from cultures all over the world , usually more religious diversity than the us . 
  our countries have bible belts , rural areas , hipster cities . 
  it 's a bit hard to have a discussion about this on reddit as pride in diversity seems to be so core to the american national identity , but no , we do n't really consider it anything special . 
  the common opinion is that the only way in which the us stands out is ` more black people ' . 
  you 're welcome to ask more specific follow-up questions , it 's a huge topic and there 's much more to be said . 
  the answer to your question is that most people do n't think about time zones and certainly not about their acronyms at all . 
  most people simply do n't use time zones at all in their daily lives as most countries have 1 clearly dominant time zone . 
  by this i mean that , while loads of european countries have overseas parts , dependencies , or other geographical quirks that cause them to have different time zones those are n't visible in day-to-day life . 
  tv listings and event announcements will not specify time zones , they 're just understood implicitly . 
  the 1 exception to this is russia , i 'm not quite sure how they deal with time zones in their daily lives . 
  i think the end result is a lot of improvisation when people are expected to communicate internationally , and the answer depends on personal preference , company culture , and the other party . 
  i think a lot of people wo n't be aware of the quirks of daylight savings around the world at all , so i 'm not surprised people get this wrong . 
  i personally use utc offsets , by the way , rather than any local designation . 
  ( `` i 'll call around 6 pm my time ( utc +2 ) '' ) i 'm aware of my own utc offset and i think it 's reasonable to expect the same of the party i 'm communicating with in international business , so this makes the conversion quite easy to make for the other party and is n't ambiguous . 
  this certainly is n't the case for university-aged people in the netherlands , although this may apply to thirty-somethings . 
  it 's not common to know the entire resume of your friends , i suppose , but if people are still studying you 'd certainly know . 
  sexual health and a sex positive worldview are , from what i understand , much less taboo here than in the us . 
  treatment is easily available at your gp as well as at specialised clinics , so it 's possibly a less shameful and expensive problem to take care of than it might be in other parts of the world . 
  in that sense i could see it being viewed as less big of a deal . 
  by no means is it considered socially acceptable to knowingly transmit diseases , though . 
  ok . an important point to start off with is that the us and western europe share the same philosophical basis on freedom and liberty . 
  your founding fathers studied in and were heavily influenced by the french , you 're quoting voltaire there , `` life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness '' is an english quote . 
  we 're all in agreement that the exercise of free speech is of paramount importance for a functioning democracy and that it should only be limited in exceptional circumstances . 
  one of the exceptions that 's recognized in the us is defamation . 
  spreading malicious lies about other people can have such far-reaching consequences and is such an infringement on the freedom and liberty of the defamed person that it 's just and reasonable to curtail this . 
  you ca n't always call someone a rapist if he is n't , even in the us . 
  i think our hate speech laws are best viewed as a small extension of this : `` all illegal mexican immigrants are rapists '' is in a western european view not legitimate free speech either . 
  just because you 're calling multiple people rapists at once rather than 1 particular person does n't make it any different in my view . 
  you 're welcome to disagree with that , of course , but i think it 's important to realize just how small a nuance this difference really is , and that it 's a clearly delineated line rather than a gliding scale of potentially banning all ideas . 
  as a related point that may be a bit surprising , a lot of people here think we 've got more freedom of speech than americans . 
  remember that freedom of speech involves the entire process of free thought , free expression and free reception of ideas . 
  we 've got stronger constitutional rights and laws on a lot of facets of this : stronger guarantees of internet access , more whistle blower protection , more checks and balances on restricting freedom of speech for inmates , better source protection for media , more lenient copy and distribution laws of written works , stronger guarantees of anonymity , guaranteed tv air time for dissenting political views . 
  we truly do hold the same values and ideals , there are just some minor differences in implementation . 
  and the muhammad depictions ? 
  remember that the worldwide cartoon drawing riots and draw muhammad day all started of with a perfectly legal publication in a danish newspaper . 
  i could explain our view on holocaust denial , freedom of speech , and freedom in general if you want , but i 'm really not sure what that has to do with the other point . 
  what kind of argument was your friend making with this comparison ? 
  yes , and i say that as a huge europhile . 
  you 've got to remember normal citizens never interact with the eu at all . 
  they do n't send me mail , they do n't tax me , they do n't make or enforce laws , they 're just another organization you read about in the paper . 
  of course , all these things do happen indirectly - a small part of the national budget is used as an eu contribution and the dutch government is committed to implementing eu agreements on some policy areas in dutch law . 
  it 's most like the un , we contribute to the un budget too and our government considers itself bound by un resolutions . 
  one thing that may seem to make a difference is the voting for the eu parliament , but remember that we vote for our own national political parties in those elections . 
  it 's effectively just a national election for the specific policy area of foreign affairs rather than a regular one about all policy areas . 
  overall i 'd say a un parallel is by far the closest . 
  of course there are differences , the un resolutions about nuclear disarmament and un peacekeeping missions to africa have far less influence on the daily life of the average dutchman than the eu free market , and the eu is an easy and popular scapegoat for populist parties to blame for any economic downfall . 
  i 'd say the comparison works very well , though . 
  holland is perfectly acceptable in english , no need to correct op . 
  even in dutch the distinctions are so nuanced and complex i would n't dream of blaming a foreigner for using the terms incorrectly . 
  first of all , try not to overemphasize the significance of the eu . 
  yes , we 're eu members , and in the same vein we 're nato members , un members , imf members . 
  as a dutchman i do n't feel a particular connection or brotherhood with the french because we are both members of this particular organization , we really are completely separate countries . 
  on to your question : it 's conceptually quite similar to the position of guam and the like in the us . 
  the oversees bits are technically parts of an eu country , but people wo n't think of them when you talk about france or the eu , and a lot of people wo n't be aware of their existence at all . 
  they are n't prominent enough in population , geopolitics or economic might to be given much thought , really . 
  your opinions would place you in the right-most edge of the dutch political spectrum , these are mostly policy proposals of geert wilders ' pvv with a bit of the other right wing party , the conservative christian sgp , mixed in . 
  your views on nonviolence , geopolitics and global warming are so mainstream here that they do n't meaningfully differentiate , all dutch parties hold those views . 
  you 're solidly in the far right on your other points though : restricting welfare access to ` gainfully employed ' people , accepting kim davises , and qualifying cultural nationalism as a ` necessary evil ' are all highly controversial right wing proposals that are unlikely to be implemented in the foreseeable future as the vast majority of dutch are against them , and your `` reasonable efforts to assimilate '' is actually an exact geert wilders quote that got him a lot of flack for his word choice . 
  native americans do n't show up in the dutch standard curriculum at all . 
  the us only really shows up after wwii , the cold war and civil issues in the 60 's and 70 's get a lot of attention here , quite possibly more than they get in apush , surprisingly .
