  the first things i remember are mostly french natural beauty in the sun . 
  where does northern ireland rank ? 
  interested in / u/garyjm 's thoughts too . 
  i 'd say belgium on ` friend ' but germany on ` ally ' . 
  / u/defmork , any thoughts on this ? 
  i 've had positive experiences with muslim refugees from the balkan wars in the '90s . 
  they seemed to have an easier time adapting to living in the netherlands than refugees from third world countries . 
  i do n't really have an opinion about the muslim populations as they currently exist . 
  i 'm aware of some tensions in the region that we all wish were n't there , but my opinion of the countries , population or immigration are n't influenced by the religion . 
  geert wilders ' pvv is polling at around 24 % , trump 's approval rating is an abysmal 7 % . 
  i think you 're correctly assuming that trump is doing better among right wing voters , but even among the populist right he 's a heavily disliked figure . 
  [ i got 83 % ] ( http://imgur.com/a/erhdw ) with 1 miss click on ` cylindered ' , i knew that one at the time . 
  i 'm a non-native speaker . 
  apparently ` appendative ' is n't a word , that 's costing me 3 % . 
  well , there 's the internationally known stuff : disney stuff like the lion king , epic movies like the phantom menace ( which is the best movie ever ) , a lot of kids cartoons . 
  a friendly dutch circus duo certainly deserves a mention here , though : bassie and adriaan !, 
  [ here 's an english introduction ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ili2jlji2m4 ) . 
  generations of dutch kids have learned about the us , europe , and languages from their adventures , although it 's fallen out of fashion recently :(, 
  the wadden islands !, 
  we 've got 5 inhabited islands bordering the wadden sea , tidal flats between these islands and the mainland that become accessible mud flats at low tides . 
  this creates a very rich ecosystem with lots of birds and wildlife , and they 're a truly special part of the world . 
  ( there are some german and danish islands too , but ours are the best , obviously . 
  some german ones have been completely paved down for stupid resorts , ruining most of the wildlife appeal . ), 
  you do not live in holland when speaking dutch , perhaps . 
  i do n't either ( groningen represent !, 
  ) , but i do in english . 
  in english holland is normally used as a somewhat informal synonym for the netherlands , just like america is used for the united states . 
  it 's used that way both by foreigners and dutchmen alike , including our national government , the official internet portal for all visa and immigration matters is www.welcometoholland.nl , for example . 
  in dutch the use of holland is a lot more complicated and sometimes offensive , but that depends on which variant of dutch you 're speaking , who 's using it , to whom and in what context . 
  its nuances are so complex i 'd immediately forgive any non-native speaker for using it inappropriately , even though i belong to one of the groups that 's most commonly offended by this . 
  there are some dutchmen that act as if the dutch subtexts also apply in english , just like there are some spanish speakers that consider the word ` america ' offensive because it refers to the entirety of north and south america in spanish . 
  i personally consider those people to be wrong , they do n't seem to realize that words can have different nuances and subtexts in different languages . 
  of course , there 's nothing that stops people from being indignant about it anyway . 
  in english the word refers to my entire country . 
  it 's fine . 
  the holland thing is fine . 
  he 's proposing a 15 dollar minimum wage , that 'd cut ours about in half . 
  i 'm sure there are other people that can put this much more eloquently and have a much deeper understanding , but i 'll try . 
  in general we value individuality and democracy - we think there 's value in allowing people to be different as long as they 're not harming others , we think people deserve the opportunity to have input in decisions , we believe in equality . 
  these are n't absolute truths , though - there is value in operating as a harmonious collective , there is value in leaving decisions in the hands of just the smart people , there are positives to respecting your elders . 
  in a lot of asia [ european governments are considered extremely arrogant . 
  ] ( http://rendezvous.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/08/08/does-europes-arrogance-blind-it-to-asia/ ) we consider our focus on personal choice , our low-context cultures , our entire way of life to be better . 
  what do you consider acceptable behaviour for a politician as a frenchman ? 
  i 've noticed a tolerance for some types of moral missteps in france , an affair or two does n't have to be career-ending , but you guys seem to be harsher on cases of fraud or theft ? 
  so you think it 's because of the alcohol involved ? 
  i 'm not sure i 'd agree with that , i remember some resignations for minor administrative mistakes as well , the most famous case being mona sahlin 's resignation . 
  i 'd argue there 's a general scandinavian trend of politicians resigning over scandals that would n't end political careers in other countries . 
  i do n't want to suggest there 's anything wrong with holding politicians to such high standards , but i do think there is a cultural difference showing here that goes beyond this specific infraction . 
  i 'm also hoping some mediterranean countries , especially italians , show up here , as there 's a strong reputation of a lot of political leeway there - berlusconi got away with some morally questionable behaviour that would have ended political careers in a lot of other countries . 
  where do italians draw the line of acceptable behaviour ? 
  is n't this particular infraction the equivalent of that 5 km/h speeding ? 
  you 're allowed to drive with 1 glass of wine , she ended up on the road with 1.1 glass of wine ? 
  what 's the use of averaging like this ? 
  should i average out my 100 mbit internet with 9 rural moldovans and say we have a 10 mbit internet connection on average ? 
  that 'd say very little about the manner in which people actually live . 
  are you asking what i think people know or what i 'd like people to know ? 
  good geographical knowledge is extremely uncommon worldwide . 
  that depends entirely on whether you judge him based on his policies , aims or values . 
  when judged based on his policy proposals he 'd be very right wing , so much right wing that he would be entirely unelectable . 
  his proposals , when compared to the dutch status quo , involve weakening environmental regulations , hugely diminishing worker rights , a halved minimum wage , steps back for the lgbt community , etc. 
  if you judge him by his intentions - combating climate change , more wealth redistribution , improving education access - he 'd be left wing . 
  he 'd certainly not be a radical left winger here , we 've got actual communists and rather serious environmentalists he would n't come close to . 
  if you judge him by his values , a strong belief in individual freedom and a belief in a small government by dutch standards , he 'd be as centrist as they get - a liberal , as we call them , and what you 'd call libertarian beliefs . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** it really depends on what you 're looking at and how much you assume bernie would do things differently if he were a dutchman . 
  it 's reasonable to portray him as a radical , but that 'd be a right wing radical . 
  i do n't think i can call him radically left wing no matter which angle i take . 
  i disagree , there are certainly shared european values . 
  we just tend to think of them as human values . 
  i think this is a very interesting and important topic and i hope this generates a good amount of discussion - this is a huge cultural difference , and the atmosphere on a lot of subreddits does n't sufficiently lend itself to productive exchanges on this topic . 
  i do hope this gets a lot of upvotes and a lot of open minds !, 
  i think 1 point is crucial here : ** diversity is n't a universally defined term . 
  ** diversity deals with differences , and these are culturally loaded . 
  you can consider someone different from yourself based on their ethnicity , culture , language , and loads of other things , and the relevance of these aspects can vary hugely depending on where you live and how you were raised . 
  i 'm turning the question around here , but the topic of american diversity has long been a fascinating topic to me . 
  there 's no questions that americans feel very diverse and that it 's an important part of the american identity , and i think it 's important to respect that , but it is n't measurable - the us does n't stand out on immigrant or refugee population per capita , and on a linguistic basis it 's positively homogeneous . 
  my attempts to gain insight in the american views on diversity have been met with , frankly , a degree of ignorance and racism i did n't quite expect , and i certainly hope this discussion will be more fruitful . 
  most of them in the netherlands work . 
  they 're very common on cycling paths too . 
  my worst experience recently was an american ` explaining ' that 2 random american states are way more different than the netherlands and germany because our countries ` used to be quite similar anyway ' and the 5 years of `` being 1 country '' , the wwii occupation , sealed the deal and basically made us indistinguishable . 
  i do n't think it 's really fair or productive to look too much at the worst experiences , though . 
  it 's much more interesting to look at widespread misconceptions or differences rather than what 1 idiot says . 
  we fought you for control of tobago , did n't we ? 
  although that was n't really poland , i suppose . 
  what did the sheep say to the welshman ? 
   guys , please , no more . 
  i live in a student city with a lot of smaller dancing places with a lot of variation . 
  i personally prefer places that mix modern top 40 songs with older stuff - there 's nothing i like better at 5 am than twist and shout , rock around the clock , you 're the one that i want , or paradise by the dashboard light , and i usually have a hard time finding a place that plays stuff like that when traveling . 
  i like baseball , is that on this year ? 
  i ca n't say the hype has caught on yet . 
  first of all , the common abreviation in most of the eu is msc . 
  i 've only heard ms in relation to the disease . 
  as you may know the education systems in europe have been aligned according to a set of standards known as the bologna accords . 
  this means that credit hours , competencies and qualifications are , in theory , in line in all of europe . 
  in general there 's some extra scrutiny for degrees from outside europe and the value of your degree may not always be accepted at face value , both by potential employers and socially . 
  an online degree will certainly lead to some extra scrutiny as the quality can vary so wildly . 
  if you have a real , rigorous , degree you should be fine . 
  online education is n't unknown here and is n't dismissed out of hand . 
  ` accredited ' is n't the magical word you might be hoping it is , though , as it is n't a protected term and any website can make its own sham accreditation agency . 
  most of the larger scam websites in the us and elsewhere are ` accredited ' by something or someone . 
  if yours is a good one you 'll be fine , though , it should easily show in your written work , thoughts , and questions in any job interview or professional discussion .
