  i think / r/iwantout is excellent for this question , but you 're of course welcome here if you 've got general questions about our cultures or lives !, 
  interesting question . 
  in the netherlands the protestant north and east is much more germanic than the catholic south . 
  i 'd personally be more inclined to lump our south together with flanders in one of the categories . 
  i 'm not quite sure what to make of our bible belt and frisians in this ranking . 
  frisians probably qualify as ` highly ' , but i 'm not quite sure what forms conservative christianity takes in more germanic countries . 
  that situation is entirely different as england is n't a nickname for the entire uk in english . 
  it 'd be more like refusing to call the us `` america '' in english because america refers to the entire continent in spanish - it does n't make sense and completely ignores the meaning of the term in the language you 're using . 
  holland is an acceptable nickname for our entire country . 
  our national tourism site is www.visitholland.com , if people want to immigrate they go to www.newtoholland.nl . 
  this is n't a case of uk/england confusion , this is what everyone and their mother calls our country including we ourselves . 
  you 're welcome to prefer `` the netherlands '' and use that yourself , but stop correcting people using another perfectly fine name . 
  thanks to a concept called ` synonyms ' both are correct !, 
  `` holland '' is a commonly used , universally understood , somewhat informal reference to our entire country . 
  that 's what the word means , and you do n't get to be the language police and decide otherwise . 
  if you want to change what words mean you should start at our government instead of bothering me . 
  it 's a national system , which is why i used an english word that describes our entire country . 
  is it really so hard to understand that words have different meanings and connotations in different languages ? 
  here in holland we had similar headlines which resulted in calls for privatisation . 
  we privatised our healthcare system quite recently , in 2006 , and the jury is still out . 
  it 's unclear what the effects of the whole ordeal have been on efficiency , waiting times , and costs - it 's such a complex market that it 's not really possible to isolate causes for trends . 
  our current system is very complex , with commercial insurers operating in a highly regulated industry . 
  the idea is that strong government oversight and legislation ensures that everyone is covered adequately at an acceptable rate , while the free market forces help reduce inefficiencies , reduce wait times , and allow consumers to select their own fitting care based on quality and personal preference . 
  in practice the high amount of regulation makes it hard for the insurers to actually compete effectively against each other . 
  the margins of profit are very small and any insurer looking to compete on price is forced to cut costs somewhere , which they do by limiting optional care in the small print . 
  any dutchman looking to switch is forced to compare long lists of optional treatments , trying to figure out what exactly you 're going to lose if you want to save those 3 euros a month . 
  so what does all of this mean for me personally ? 
  the good news is i live in a country where healthcare is taken seriously and any insurance will cover me in case of any serious problem . 
  no ambulance ride , cancer , or emergency room visit can ruin my life . 
  however , i look jealously to systems like the ones in the uk and belgium , where the same applies without the additional headache of finding the best insurance for my particular situation . 
  i doubt whether any of the efficiency gains actually exist , and it surely ca n't be enough to make it worth it for me personally . 
  d-day is memorialized in a wider wwii context in the netherlands , but not commonly on the day itself . 
  i would n't have realized it was today if not for reddit . 
  in the netherlands we remember our own liberation every year on may the 4th , the entire country shuts down for 2 minutes of respectful silence at 8 o'clock sharp . 
  i find that a very solemn and impressive moment every year . 
  it 's on and around this day we commemorate all of the war and its horrors , with documentaries , speeches by survivors , honouring veterans , educating schoolchildren and the like . 
  there are many local commemorations on other dates of other events with more local impact , i 've been to a number of ceremonies honouring french paratroopers on dates in april . 
  of course , there are a lot of differences in the way we memorialize things . 
  the d-day re-enactment in ohio looks a positively festive occasion and american wwii remembrances usually are celebratory in a way that 's not yet possible here , the wounds were too deep and too recent for that . 
  it 'll probably come one day , we do love our napoleonic wars and earlier re-enactments , but for wwii that will take another generation . 
  most people wo n't have an opinion at all . 
  it 's a minor footnote in our history education , something happening in an economically and politically minor colony on the other side of the world while the whole enlightenment thing was going on here . 
  the french revolution kind of steals your thunder , a much larger revolution with much more philosophical and historical relevance happening much closer to home very soon after . 
  there 's a misconception in your question , just 16 out of 56 european countries have any form of hate speech legislation , that 's less than 30 % . 
  the answer to your question is that hate speech laws enjoy widespread support and popularity in the countries that employ them , and the implication that the us has more or better free speech is generally considered incorrect and offensive , as odd as this may seem to you . 
  you may get some rather agitated answers , and i apologize for that . 
  i 've had a number of recent exchanges with americans on / r/askanamerican on this topic , and it 's becoming clear to me that the crux of the difference appears to be a difference in the appreciation of the threat of hate speech on the one hand and a differing view on the role of government on the other hand . 
  i think it 's important to emphasize that we do hold the same core values as the us . 
  we 're all in agreement that the exercise of free speech is of paramount importance for a functioning democracy and that it should only be limited in exceptional circumstances . 
  the us has a number of free speech limitations in cases where its exercise would cause harm to people or property , and we strongly believe hate speech laws belong in this category . 
  we do n't limit speech lightly , but we strongly believe that when someone with enough charisma is allowed to denounce a race as subhuman people will die . 
  we 've had it happen . 
  yes , it 's harsh to stop someone from saying to an audience that all niggers should die . 
  but what can we do when someone convinces an audience of this ? 
  we 'd like to think the best of our fellow people and rely on their good judgement , but some people will listen and act upon these ideologies if left unchecked . 
  waiting until people get assaulted and killed is possible , but surely limits the freedoms of the victims . 
  the american solution relies on heavy domestic surveillance , hoping to catch people just before they pull the trigger . 
  this surveillance limits other fundamental liberties and is n't perfect - sometimes a dylan roof slips through . 
  you 're paying a heavy price for an increase in freedom of speech that i consider incredibly minor . 
  i recognize that hate speech has its issues : you 're limiting speech , the line may be hard to draw , and most people are able to see this type of speech for the nonsense it is without government interference . 
  i firmly believe it 's the best solution we have , though . 
  you 've got to limit fundamental freedoms somewhere , and this is the best way in my opinion . 
  as a related point that may be a bit surprising , a lot of people here think we 've got more overall freedom of speech than americans . 
  remember that freedom of speech involves the entire process of free thought , free expression and free reception of ideas . 
  we 've got stronger constitutional rights and laws on a lot of facets of this : stronger guarantees of internet access , more whistle blower protection , strong striking laws to protect employee speech rights , more checks and balances on restricting freedom of speech for inmates , better source protection for media , more lenient copy and distribution laws for written works , stronger guarantees of anonymity , guaranteed tv air time for dissenting political views . 
  we truly do hold the same values and ideals , there are just some minor differences in implementation . 
   taking western europe as an example , what of these are different between those countries ? 
  all of those ? 
  you 're british yourself , right ? 
  do you feel you truly understand spanish , danish or austrian people ? 
  do you know what makes them tick , their sense of humour , what celebrities they gossip about , what they learn at schools , what they find important in uncertain times ? 
  do you know how they are trying to change their country so their children have a better life , do you know what they want to change , do you know what traditions they try to preserve ? 
  can you truly explain why black pete is controversial in the netherlands , why catalonia wants independence , how an italian views the catholic church ? 
  i ca n't , and insofar i do understand the issues it 's because someone explained them to me , it is n't an intuitive understanding . 
  i sure do n't . 
  i know things about other european countries , but when push comes to shove people are unpredictable , different , alien . 
  i like most foreigners i 've met , but we 're not part of a single group . 
   funny thing is , if i did n't see the label i 'd think it was from the us west coast . 
  the first time i had one i thought i 'd finally found an american beer i really liked as well !, 
  the bottle just seems very american . 
  i consider the european superstate an ideal that some people hold , like the un as a place where every international conflict can be diplomatically solved , thus eliminating the need for war . 
  i 'm not against it on principle , but it 'll only work if people identify as european , and i do n't see that being widespread in my lifetime . 
  i do n't recognize / u/xnicolex 's sentiment in this post at all and i do n't think it 's common , it certainly is n't here in the netherlands . 
  a single state requires some sense of kinship , a shared set of values , a level of cultural understanding that just does n't exist at the moment . 
  a [ trappist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trappist_beer ) is a style of beer made in particular types of monasteries . 
  i 'm not sure if you had an actual one or some kind of trappist-style knock off , but the real deal is top quality specialty beer . 
  one of the more rare trappist beers , westvleteren 12 , is commonly known as the best beer in the world . 
  you probably were n't drinking that one , though , it 's probably like 50 bucks a bottle , not the kind of stuff you drink accidentally . 
  the beers you 've tried are our equivalent of bud light . 
  heineken is as mainstream dutch as you can get and has a reasonable reputation , but it is n't considered anything special . 
  it 's probably the most popular beer here by sales volume . 
  stella has an even worse reputation , particularly in the uk , where it 's considered the cheap brand of choice for alcoholics to gulp down before they go home and beat up their wives . 
  i 'm not really sure what 's widely available in the us , so i 'll leave specific recommendations to others that know your beer market a bit better . 
  i really like this question , but it might simply be too american . 
  i think it 's important to realise that you 're touching on quite a large cultural gap here . 
  in most western european countries sports like volleyball , basketball or soccer are played casually at clubs . 
  organized team sports are an extremely popular pastime here , and for most people it 's more `` little league for adults with beer '' than exercise . 
  loads of people play in casual or slightly serious leagues in a manner that , from what i understand , just does n't really exist in the us . 
  i think 20 % - ish of dutch adults plays a team sport , usually involving weekly trainings on a weekday evening and regular competition in weekends . 
  this means that it 's much less common to group up for casual sports , people that are interested in that are already involved in a competition at a club .
