  there are 2 minor mentions of the us before that ( involvement in wwi and your independence war get half a paragraph each in chapters focusing on other things ) , but that 's it . 
  the organization depends on the school here , but literature is a significant part of the high school curriculum , yes . 
  i personally read and discussed books and other works in dutch , english , german , latin and greek . 
  i only had 4 years of french , but i would 've had to read novels for that too if i had taken it for some more years than that . 
  his gimmick sounds less interesting than other superheroes , yes , but i 've never seen any superhero movies at all , so it 's not really an informed opinion . 
  i mean , i like the us , but compared to invisibility or shape shifting or fireballs or whatever other superheroes have it just sounds rather boring . 
  most eu countries have higher home ownership rates than the us , and you do n't need to own a home for diy projects in the first place . 
  it 's very popular here . 
  a lot of the extra free time is soaked up by hobbies . 
  people enjoy similar things here but usually invest way more time in them . 
  a good example is sports : people here greatly enjoy a lot of team sports like soccer , volleyball and basketball , but rather than the american practice of a beer league for a couple of evenings or pick-up games the default is 1 or 2 evenings of training a week and a scheduled match in an organized competition on saturdays or sundays . 
  a typical dutch soccer league has 14 teams with home and away matches , so that 's 26 saturdays a year at least , and that 's excluding practice matches , tournaments , and cups . 
  you can see this trend in other hobbies and activities : i personally enjoy chess , and in addition to a weekly club night there are competitions on weekday evenings , and if i wanted to a full calendar of 1-day , weekend and 10-day tournaments . 
  i do n't participate in many of those , but there 's plenty of opportunity for people that are really passionate about this to spend every weekend and most weekday evenings on chess . 
  of course all these hobbies for adults and kids require loads of volunteers to run , so for a restless person there 's plenty of volunteering opportunities like you mentioned too !, 
  why would you say that , it certainly is n't to me . 
  sure , there 's some talk of an ever closer union , but that 's an ideal some hold , not a status quo . 
  it should really be held in the same regard as `` hopefully one day the un will be a place where mankind can resolve its conflicts peacefully and eliminate war forever !, 
  citizens have very little direct control over eu business , sure . 
  but the same applies to the un , nato , imf and other international organizations . 
  i still like my country 's membership and my interests in the eu are represented at the negotiating tables regardless . 
  i think most people that work for an eu institution could n't tell you the difference between the european council , council of europe , and council of the european union . 
  yes , those all exist and are 3 separate things . 
  the average citizen will have no idea . 
   people listen to the news quiz in the netherlands ? 
  damn you 're cool . 
  some of us do , but it 's quite niche , obviously . 
  i do n't know anyone else here that listens , i just liked qi and would i lie to you , found / r/panelshow , and it kind of escalated . 
  i follow almost every current panelshow and listen old episodes of my favourites too . 
  while i fully agree with your analysis of the populism anti-eu threat to the party , i think you perhaps frame the conservatives as a more unified front than they really are . 
  there 's always been an amount of euroscepticism , and i think the whole kerfuffle should very much be seen in a context of boris ' challenge for the party leadership . 
  remember that cameron himself is on the ` in ' - campaign - this referendum is happening in spite of that . 
  there is certainly a large tory contingent that shares your views on campaign strategy , but they 're fronted by johnson and gove . 
  [ i quite liked the economist ' analysis of the growth of the eurospectic wing , ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/21693990 ) by the way , if anyone 's looking for a bit more background information . 
  i 'm an avid follower of the uk news and panel show scene and i follow the issue very closely . 
  i really liked miles jupp 's analysis in the news quiz recently , the referendum is an internal tory power struggle that got out of hand . 
  i 'm firmly in the in camp , i believe that an isolationist policy would not serve the uk at all . 
  it looks like that 's the view of a slight majority of brits too and i hope that holds up . 
  the uk is the third largest export partner for the netherlands , and that will surely take a hit in case of a brexit , but it 's really impossible to tell just how destructive it 'll be . 
  the ` out ' camp is surely too optimistic , the ` in ' camp is certainly fearmongering , the simple truth is that no-one knows . 
  `` business class '' is a luxury level on planes , but i agree the vvd stereotypically represents business owners . 
  another one i 'm sure you 'll agree with is that the cda stereotypically represents farmers and rural life in general . 
  i 'd also hesitate to qualify the pvda as lower income . 
  the typical posh ` grachtengordel met bakfiets ' , opera-going , cultured , environment-friendly upper class is very much pvda material . 
  the pvv is very much a working class ( low income , low education ) party , the pvda not necessarily . 
  this effect is really visible on reddit as well . 
  assuming a similar level of ignorance and racism in the us and european countries , you 'd * expect * to find the average czech or dutchman on reddit to be less of an idiot and bigot than the average american , simply because we 're conversing in english on an american-dominated site . 
  the kind of person that does n't know what century it is usually wo n't be able to hold a conversation in a second or third language !, 
  you 're seeing the same on dutch-language discussion forums with international presence , the americans there tend to be shining examples of well-educated people with great world knowledge , good grammar and polite manners . 
  those things correlate with their fluency and interest in dutch . 
  hey , do n't worry !, 
  you ask a solid question , and you do n't have to apologize . 
  this particular reply ruffled some feathers mainly because of this :  they do n't understand us . 
  it 's really nothing for you to be ashamed about . 
  you 're asking europeans to explain stuff , and immediately a fellow countryman steps in to tell you that the us may be different , but never wrong - or at least , that 's the impression he 's leaving . 
  especially since he 's not in the target audience it 's just out of line to speak on our behalf like that . 
  ( note that / u/lightsareonbut has clarified his stance by now , it 's just unfortunate phrasing , but that explains the downvotes , i think ) secondly , as i 've tried to explain elsewhere in replies , one of our cultural differences is that we experience our democracy more actively . 
  blaming the british for cameron would make perfect sense to me as well . 
  that does n't mean i hold every brit personally responsible , but cameron is only in power because the people of the uk preferred him over other options . 
  lastly ... 
  i 'm hoping you 're getting some more personal takeaways from this post . 
  there 's some prejudice against americans , it 's true , but it 's for reasons you can do something about . 
  it 's easy to look at your government as a separate entity , but you , your friends , and your parents are the ones voting and determining the composition of that government , and you can get involved in that . 
  beyond that a large part of the dislike of americans is a perceived american lack of interest in and awareness about other cultures . 
  you 're already posting here , which puts you miles ahead of the stereotype , and the vast majority of americans with your willingness to compare cultures and ask about differences are well liked if they ever come to europe and end up having a great time . 
  if `` the world does n't revolve around you '' is enough for you to call someone anti-american i can see how you got the impression that people view your country negatively ... 
   would you say that your governments reflects your views relatively accurately ? 
  i 'd say our senate and house of representatives equivalents reflect the views of our population accurately , certainly . 
  there are plenty of politicians that do n't share my personal views , but those people represent widely held opinions in other parts of the populace . 
  i disagree with them on policy , but they 're certainly representing genuine beliefs and i do feel the vast majority of politicians , including the ones i disagree with , are honest and ethical in their representation , working on changes that they genuinely feel would improve our country . 
  i 'd say that , especially contrasted with the us , this is a widely held opinion here . 
  of course there 's a degree of `` all politicians are scum '' , especially among lowly educated voters , but in general our democratic processes are trusted here , and i think most people would agree that the government is accurately representing the will of the people in most policy areas . 
  in cases where it does n't you 'll usually find the government representing the beliefs of only the educated parts of the population , the stance on the eu is a prominent example . 
   i have no choice in what my government does , and it does n't care what i think i do n't think that 's uncommon at all in the us , which leads to a lot of cultural misunderstandings . 
  for one , this means a lot of the worldwide dislike for americans is for factors you do n't consider yourselves responsible for . 
  it works the other way round , too . 
  if you insult the dutch government stance on something you 're not just calling my elected representatives incompetent , you 're calling me incompetent as well , as i 'm the one who voted him into power . 
  this comes into play in a lot of posts in / r/worldnews and / r/europe , with europeans feeling personally insulted while americans only intend to criticise government policies . 
  one of the cultural differences between most of europe and the us is that we tend to see our governments as truly representative and implementing policies that the majority of people want . 
  the performance of the us government , in our minds , reflects on the american people . 
  i did n't mean to imply that americans deserve to be hated , and you 're right to point to cultural differences as a major factor ( it 's certainly the case for op 's school exchange experiences , people do n't just go live in the us for 6-12 months because they hate it ) . 
  it 's a complex issue , though , and people * are * prejudiced against americans for a number of reasons that certainly are based in reality : american foreign policy , geographical and cultural ignorance , arrogance . 
  you seem very dismissive of that when just stating `` they do n't understand us . 
  it 's really nothing for you to be ashamed about . '', 
  a lot of people in europe * do * consider those very much things one should be ashamed about . 
  ( i 'm talking about fairly negative things here . 
  i should clarify that i love talking to you guys in / r/askanamerican and exchanging cultural views . ), 
  pets are slightly less popular here than in the us . 
  20 % of households owns 1 or more dogs , 25 % 1 or more cats . 
  the most popular cat names include luna , simba , boris , gizmo , lucky , minoes , tommy , puk , and tiger . 
  the surprising one for foreigners would be minoes , which is a cat from a highly popular and influential dutch children 's book . 
  the most popular dog names are luna , max , diesel , bo , bella , sam , chico , senna , lady and diva . 
  unoriginal dog names are very popular : lots of jack russels named jacky , and lots of german shepherds are called rex after the police dog . 
  first off , the us has a cultural enthusiasm that is n't common elsewhere in the world . 
  remember that ` quite good ' is the highest praise a brit will ever give to something if it 's the best thing he 's ever seen !, 
  we do n't normally call things ` fantastic ' or ` awesome ' , and this cultural gap will always make foreigners seem less positive than they actually are . 
  it 's also more normal to point out flaws . 
  you can also see this everywhere on reddit . 
  have you ever heard british people talk about their healthcare , the nhs ? 
  they bitch and moan about minor flaws and how things are going to shit , and it 's easy to come away with the impression that it 's not particularly loved .
