  there are landlords renting out individual rooms , but a lot of people also group up in 2-4 man groups and just rent a full family home that they organise themselves . 
  we moved away from free college , but there are allowances for living costs for students from low income families that increase if you move out , and there 's rent assistance too . 
  beyond that it 's government controlled loans on very generous terms . 
  not really . 
  the vvd youth wing is very popular , visible and vocal here in groningen at least . 
  i really appreciate this follow-up , i realise this clash of world views can be rather harsh . 
   one thing that i think the us does continue to do well is absorb people from across the world . 
  first of all , you do n't have to defend your country and culture . 
  you happen to ask about an aspect of american culture that the rest of the world views really dimly , and that does n't hold for your country as a whole . 
  most people here in europe like the us and the vast majority likes individual americans . 
  we 're well aware of the positive sides too !, 
  the whole ` melting pot ' idea is quite controversial too , though , in the sense that most people here do n't accept the notion that the us is doing a particularly good job in dealing with minorities . 
  there are lots of nuances to this discussion , and it might be better as a separate question , but 2 main points are : 1 . 
  people point to the lack of integration of long-standing american minorities . 
  the fact that african americans have a distinct cultural identity separate from other races after being in the country for 200 + years is usually viewed negatively here . 
  there 's a strong perception that the us has had it easy on immigration , certainly post-wwii . 
  / u/no _ real_username already mentioned syria , but the point is broader than that : people here feel that the us is almost exclusively accepting economic migrants ( as opposed to refugees ) . 
  it 's much harder to integrate people that never wanted to leave their home country at all , people that are stuck with traumas , people with disabilities . 
  there 's a feeling here that the real burden is left on europe . 
  syria is actually quite a striking example - out of the 6 million generated refugees the us accepted merely 16.000 , and those were specifically identified people with a higher chance to integrate and a huge amount of vetting . 
  please do n't be dismayed by the , well , quite hostile reaction you 're getting here , this is a rather touchy subject . 
  it 's important to emphasise : you 're welcome to prefer the american way of life . 
  i prefer the laws and customs of my home country , but to each his own . 
  once you start claiming the american way is objectively better we 're disagreeing . 
  i think the disdain of many americans for different implementations of our shared founding values of equality , liberty and justice for all is a display of ignorance . 
  it 's insulting to me to suggest that hate speech laws mean we do n't value freedom of speech , or that granting both sides in a criminal trial the power to appeal means our laws are n't just . 
  once you go beyond talk like that and endorse american exceptionalism we 're disagreeing very strongly . 
  i 've never quite understood the theory - the idea that an american life is worth more than another seems incongruous with the founding principles of your nation to me . 
  the thing that bothers me and most other people here the most is that the us government feels free to act upon the notion of american exceptionalism . 
  why does the cia have a broader mandate than the fbi , is my privacy less valuable because i 'm not american ? 
  why is guantanamo bay allowed to happen , is justice only available for those born on american soil ? 
  i comprehend that the us ca n't prevent every injustice and protect the innate rights of all humans worldwide , but to me there 's a difference between being forced to accept that geopolitical reality and actively infringing those rights as a government simply because the other party is too weak to stop you . 
  granted , in the case of guantanamo a lot of americans seem to wrestle with these ideas too , but the broader points still remain to me . 
   over 200 languages are spoken in my city . 
  like in every major city in the world , certainly in the western world . 
  amsterdam had 180 + too at last count . 
  i would n't say so , although there 's a lot of kinship especially with flanders . 
  i think the vast majority of people also identify with a specific city or region within the country as a distinct part of their identity ( cities are more common in the west , regions in other parts of the country ) , but the only international identities with any resonance are ` european ' and ` western ' , and i 'm not sure how common that is , i think it varies a lot based on the exact phrasing of the question . 
  i 'll echo the rest of the replies : in non-american english usage ` liberal ' and ` conservative ' are not antonyms . 
  the opposite of ` conservative ' is ` progressive ' , and ` liberal ' is an entirely different axis . 
  some examples might be helpful : * geert wilders ' pvv is both conservative and liberal . 
  they 're mostly known internationally for their anti-muslim views , and one of their major arguments is that successful integration requires too much government meddling , which ( being liberals ) they oppose . 
  in their view excessive immigration is so bad because they feel the free market can not provide a good solution for that , leading to either unwanted societal changes or a more intrusive government . 
  * d66 is only liberal . 
  they 're pro-gay and do n't mind muslims and think our country will do best with those groups but with a smaller government . 
  * the sgp is only conservative . 
  this is our more hardcore christian party , quite conservative on a lot of social issues , but they do n't mind a big government to safeguard their christian values and help the poor . 
  * groenlinks is neither . 
  they 're a very pro-environment and anti-discrimination party , and they see a large role for the government in their ideal country , because they do n't feel a free market can accomplish the social progress they 're aiming for . 
   the word `` liberal '' seems to have a similar meaning on either side of the atlantic when talking about social policy , such as gay rights , anti-racism , or rehabilitative justice , that 's not liberal , it 's much closer to ` progressive ' . 
  a party 's preference for a small or large government and its view on the role of the free market in enforcing those goals is separate from that . 
  do n't canadians melt if they get too far from the a north pole ? 
  leiden might be too far south !, 
  it 's not very smooth , and i believe the version with larger pieces of nut still present is the most popular , that looks [ something like this . 
  ] ( http://www.hellebrekers.nl/images/content/projecten/37/fotos_media_xl_877919_default.jpg ) it 's very different from our nutella , at least . 
  eww , really ? 
  another confirmation peanut butter is an entirely different animal over there . 
  none of those are interchangeable . 
  nope , never . 
  [ eindhoven , netherlands - timi\u0219oara , romania ... and back !, 
   to the local polling station , in fact , we can vote in any polling station in our own municipalities with just your voting pass or any polling station in the country upon request . 
  many people vote at a station that 's in or near their office , supermarket or train station because they find that more convenient . 
  i had my pick out of 123 local polling stations in our elections earlier this year . 
  you 're also allowed to delegate someone to vote on your behalf , i do n't think that 's very common either . 
  what do you mean by ` office ' ? 
  every party submits a list of names of potential delegates , we select 1 name , and after the votes are counted we know how many seats every party has and who will fill them . 
  the lists are longer than necessary because delegate replacements during a term can only be drawn from this list . 
  i 'm not sure where you grew up , those are very atypical numbers . 
  slightly over 40 % of high schoolers has a job [ ( source in dutch ) ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/nieuws/2017/13/ruim-vier-op-de-tien-scholieren-werken ) in post-secondary education the number is a bit higher , but overall the job participation of young people enrolled in education is [ 55,4 % . 
  that 's exactly it !, 
  the dutch phrase `` voor geen meter '' ( for no meter ) is broader , though , used more generally as `` not at all '' in ways that would n't make sense in english . 
  `` i can play tennis for no meter '' or `` my job interview went for no meter '' make perfect sense in dutch too . 
  in the netherlands a full 4-5 bedroom house is affordable on welfare , at least in the north . 
  both the welfare itself and the rent assistance are quite extensive . 
   do you guys only ever date classmates/co-workers or people you are forced to interact with for various reasons ? 
  well , ` forced to interact with ' is a rather crude way to put this , but until 10 years ago , mostly yes !, 
  you 're missing 2 points that i 'd like to mention , though : 1 . 
  loads of interactions include not just your friends but also friends of friends . 
  your host usually wo n't share your exact circle of friends ( although overlap is obviously very normal ) , you 'll normally meet new people on birthday celebrations , board game nights and dinner parties . 
  hobby and social associations and clubs are much more common here . 
  for example , loads of adults play recreationally in soccer leagues , with 1-2 training sessions on weekday nights and a match every weekend in a manner that seems mostly restricted to little leagues in the us . 
  all those clubs increase your social horizon beyond what you may expect , it 's not just beer league fun with people you already knew , especially if you get involved in volunteering as a trainer , coach or administrator and meet yet more people outside your own team . 
  social interaction with strangers is much more accepted in some contexts , most noticeably some types of nightlife . 
  in practice most people used to end up with someone through a mutual friend or acquaintance , and no wonder !, 
  if you picked your friends , hobbies and career well then the people you meet there are much more likely to be compatible with you than any stranger on the street . 
  i 'd say it was very uncommon for people to find each other without having any mutual friends . 
  there 's obviously another point i should mention : internet dating . 
  the traditional route above is still extremely common , but by now internet dating is very accepted in dutch society and quite common for people looking for a relationship in all age categories . 
  surprisingly often that just seems to be a way to find that friend-of-a-friend that you just have n't met , though !, 
  i like trying new craft beers and do so regularly , but i keep finding myself coming back to duvel and simple german hefeweizens . 
  i do n't mind most regular dutch pilsners either , though . 
  i do n't have a strong opinion either way , it 's a complicated issue . 
  i just do n't think any lack of military power was the deciding factor , i think we would have been within our rights to invoke article 5 , like the us did after 9/11 , and i 'm sure we would collectively have the required firepower . 
  we do have that army , it 's called the nato . 
   so , since most likely all of you hate your own establishment and your own ( un ) elected representatives , that 's a hell of an assumption , what makes you say this ? 
  i do n't , and i do n't think most of my countrymen do . 
  it 's a somewhat common sentiment with populist voters , but to most of them it 's a secondary issue to immigration , and they 're a minority of the electorate anyway . 
  overall politicians and political parties are respected and accepted , and in many cases even liked . 
  i certainly hold a positive view of the vast majority of representatives . 
  really ?
