  of course there are a lot of complexities involved in sharing a currency without a full economic union , but as long as you do n't make the mistakes previous greek governments did i think they 're manageable . 
  i 'd be surprised if that 's not the majority opinion , actually . 
  it 's feel-good fun , but surely this is corny . 
  in english holland is normally used as a somewhat informal synonym for the netherlands , just like america is used for the united states . 
  it 's used that way both by foreigners and dutchmen alike , including our national government , the official internet portal for all visa and immigration matters is www.welcometoholland.nl , for example . 
  in dutch the use of holland is a lot more complicated and sometimes offensive , but that depends on which variant of dutch you 're speaking , who 's using it , to whom and in what context . 
  its nuances are so complex i 'd immediately forgive any non-native speaker for using it inappropriately , even though i belong to one of the groups that 's most commonly offended by this . 
  there are some dutchmen that act as if the dutch subtexts also apply in english , just like there are some spanish speakers that consider the word ` america ' offensive because it refers to the entirety of north and south america in spanish . 
  i personally consider those people to be wrong , they do n't seem to realize that words can have different nuances and subtexts in different languages . 
  of course , there 's nothing that stops people from being indignant about it anyway . 
  that 's a very positive article about poles in a very right-wing environment . 
  a lot of brie 's , such as brie de meaux , and most types of roquefort are probably the most famous ones , if you can find something under that name in the us it is n't the good stuff . 
  the list is basically endless , though , every french or italian region has its own cheeses and most are illegal . 
  more flavourful cheeses are generally made from unpasteurized milk , which is n't considered a problem here in europe if there 's enough quality control on the milk and factory conditions , but runs afoul of anti-bacterial fda regulations . 
  we usually think of american food as overly sweet rather than overly fat/greasy , i 'd say , although we 're aware of some of your more ... interesting specials . 
  anyway , it 's not like unhealthy foods are non-existent here . 
  one of the most popular midnight snacks here , usually consumed during or after a good night 's out , is the [ kapsalon , ] ( https://www.taalvoutjes.nl/app/uploads/2014/02/kapsalon1-599x350.png ) a basket of fries , kebab meat , molten cheese and a little bit of salad for a good color contrast , usually smothered in fatty garlic sauce and our local variant of hot sauce . 
  a lot of our best cheeses are illegal in the us - for example , you ca n't import any of the more flavourful brie types . 
  in some states a local producer can make something similar , but it usually still ca n't cross state lines . 
  it should also be emphasized that we know the us has good cheeses available - but it 's an expensive specialty item . 
  a good parallel might be your beer revolution , we consider our cheese situation like your beer situation now , with mainstream people willing to pay for quality , good selections and variety available at good prices at every supermarket , and generally something that loads of people taste and enjoy . 
  by contrast we 'd look at your cheese landscape and it 's like your beer landscape 20-30 years ago : sure , the good stuff is available , but you 'd need to seek it out , you 're paying a premium , and you 're probably earning yourself a reputation as a snob if the ` regular stuff is n't good enough for you ' . 
  but who knows , maybe cheese is the next american food revolution in the next 10 years . 
  my money 's on either cheese or bread , we 'll see !, 
   in america the greater charge is typically the discriminatory charge and the lesser one is the secondary thing like vandalism or whatever that may be . 
  it 's the other way round here , normally what you did is charged as the primary crime ( e.g. 
  spraying graffiti ) , and the circumstances and motivations are a major factor in the sentencing if you 're found guilty . 
  the end result is the same , though , if your graffiti message is highly racist you 'll be punished much more severely than when it was an innocuous message . 
  racism itself is illegal and loathed but hard to effectively prosecute , as the standards of evidence are quite high before someone can be convicted . 
  to ensure there 's follow-up to signals that would n't lead to an easy conviction we 've implemented a lot of ombudsmen and national complaint departments , trying to give people an accessible place to register a complaint and report abuse without actually forcing them to enter the legal circuit themselves . 
  we 're absolutely not a racism-free society , but we do try to stop it where we can , and i think we 're doing quite a good job at it . 
   the thing is , we technically have free speech , but anyone can go to a police station to sue you . 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  let 's not give a wrong impression here , we normally see our countries as bastions of free speech , and its free exercise is regarded as one of the most essential rights to ensure the continued functioning of our democracies . 
  you probably mean well , but remember that you 're forcing dozens of people to individually convert values while reading and responding because you did n't want to do it once . 
  we do n't know the conversions from the top of our heads either . 
  the un comparison is actually a lot closer than you might think , at least in the type of connection people experience with the institution . 
  the single market is more like the nafta - you have lifted trade restrictions with mexico , but you do n't feel mexican because of it , right ? 
  one of the issues of explaining the eu is that a lot of the shortcuts people take in explanations make it seem a lot more involved in our daily lives than it really is . 
  almost everything the eu does is implemented or enforced by the national governments . 
  * we pay money to the eu , but that 's just our national government using a portion of our national budget , just like contributing to the un , unesco , or whatever . 
  we do n't get letters from an eu taxman . 
  * if i break an eu law and make flammable cushions i 'll be arrested by dutch police , tried by dutch judges under dutch laws . 
  * when i vote for the eu parliament i have to pick dutch candidates that represent dutch political parties - it 's more of a national election focused on just eu affairs rather than an actual eu-wide election . 
  you 've got to realize the distance between the average person and the eu - for the vast majority of people it 's some international diplomatic thingy that our national government uses to coordinate trade deals , and a majority of people like that , but it 's something arcane , far way , that you read about in newspapers but does very little directly for you . 
  the easiest way to explain is probably by asking a question to you : why is the us a member of the un ? 
  there is a real loss of control , and the last thing you want is some other nations with citizens and leaders and a culture different than your own dictating a course of action you must take or you will be punished !, 
  you 'll find the answer to that is probably very similar to what i 'd say about the netherlands and the eu . 
  the vast majority of bikes here are [ city bikes , ] ( http://centurycycles.com/buyers-guides/bicycle-types-how-to-pick-the-best-bike-for-you-pg9.htm] ) simple bikes that may not have gears at all , designed to be used in regular clothing . 
  my current bicycle has no gears . 
  i 've owned ones with both type of gears you mention in the past , i think , but i 'm not entirely sure . 
  i 've never paid much attention to it . 
  if you 're curious , [ here 's a short video about our bicycling culture with local cyclists in action , ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwf5fbsunag ) you might be able to figure out what you 're looking for yourself !, 
  i have multiple friends that moved to the us , mostly to ny state and silicon valley . 
  it 's looked on very favourably , they 're going on a grand adventure to make it big . 
  they enjoy their time there greatly , which is no great surprise as it was a very conscious choice and they knew what they were getting themselves into , the real us is quite well understood by educated dutchmen . 
  i should be honest , though - they 're moving there because they 're living the american dream , with a dutch graduate degree in their pocket , a good job with solid benefits lined up , and the chance to return if it does n't work out or when they 're considering kids . 
  they 're reaping the benefits of american society without being exposed to the downsides . 
  in general the perception is that the us is an absolutely brilliant place to be rich without kids , but you 'll be hard pressed to find lower or middle class people willing to swap places with an american in their socio-economic percentile , and most people i know plan to return to raise kids in the netherlands after they 've made bank . 
  what do you mean by ` liberal swing ' ? 
  we 've always been far to the left of the us , so that would n't be a swing , and we 're actually moving to the right , the dutch have had a right-wing-led government for 6 years now and we 've been moving steadily to the right since the 90 's . 
  the eu is looked upon favourably : 54 % is in favour of our membership , 32 % against . 
  the profile of typical euroskeptics : voters for the populist right , poor , and low education . 
  the 2 experts interviewed by the house of lords do n't just agree with / u/mistermysterios , they go further than that , suggesting that even in case of an exit agreement withdrawal of the decision is possible all the way until the date it 's set to take effect . 
  see point 10 [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld201516/ldselect/ldeucom/138/138.pdf ), 
  please put on the news right now : most serious newspapers and sites have significant doubts whether this will actually happen now cameron resigned without invoking article 50 . 
  i disagree on pretty much every point . 
  it does concern us , it is a huge and relevant news story here , and it is n't the `` english language bubble '' that puts forth some illusion we care . 
  all our media is talking about this , most people have an opinion , it 'll hugely impact our economy if the uk leaves . 
  it 's been the top story across the entire media spectrum for weeks , varying from the page-wide pro-brexit interview with wilders the telegraaf was leading with today to anti-brexit editorials in pretty much every left leaning newspaper and site . 
  i really do n't know what tv , radio , or newspaper you 've been looking at , or who you 've been talking to , but it 's a big fucking deal for us . 
  those 2 things have very little to do with each other . 
  poland and hungary , for example , are highly nativist and nationalistic and entirely pro-eu . 
  judicial review is explicitly forbidden in the dutch constitution ( art . 
  rather than the patchwork of american checks and balances we interpret our separation of powers more rigidly , and making and repealing laws is a power belonging to the legislative branch . 
  in our system a judge has no business figuring out the big questions in society like that , he 's there to apply equal justice under existing law , nothing more , nothing less . 
  do you guys refer to non-christian immigrants as totem poles ? 
  the correct term for their skin colour is ` black ' , the correct term for the people themselves is ` dutch ' . 
  you 've got to realize that we do n't celebrate heritage in the same way here , people that have been here for 3 or more generations do n't act any different than other dutch people , so there 's no reason to call them by any different term except when giving a physical description . 
  i agree , and i hate this rant . 
  i really like questions that allow us to compare cultures , especially on more controversial issues . 
  i sometimes try to clarify european stances on / r/askanamerican , but i usually get overwhelmed there on any issue that americans feel strongly about . 
  i welcome the opportunity to exchange views here . 
  i would advise you to ask a more open ended question if you 're curious about opinions on immigration . 
  your thoughts and arguments do n't reflect the situation here at all . 
  of course the us is a developed country , but i 'm assuming you 're curious about the `` richest third world country '' statements that get thrown around a lot ? 
  we tend to value our welfare states very highly , and a lot of people judge other nations by their arrangements to provide for their poor and middle class . 
  the underlying idea is that the local elite is understood to have a great life in any country - whatever the problems in third world countries or dictatorships around the world may be , their top people lead a life of comfort , health , and plenty . 
  i 'm of course generalizing greatly , but i 'd say we tend to look at the middle and lower classes rather than these elites . 
  the true mark of a developed country is how far down the life of wealth and plenty extends . 
  to us , an ideal first world nation ( in the modern sense of the word ) is able to provide a high quality of life for all its citizens , and by contrast a third world nation is only able to provide luxury and plenty for a small elite . 
  based on these standards the us performs rather poorly . 
  the quality of life at the top is of course brilliant , but at the 80th , 50th , 20th percentiles you 're lagging behind all of western europe and most of eastern europe . 
  this has led a lot of prominent politicians and economists to pronounce the us `` the richest third world country '' . 
  that 's not a common view in the netherlands . 
  ah , i think that might explain the confusion . 
  i encouraged / u/roachkabob to post here because he was under the impression that in denmark you would be punished for hitting back if you were attacked . 
  so you do have a right to self defense . 
  this is an extremely typical definition of that .
