i 'd say you have much more in common with australia than the usa . 
  a similar style of humour , a twat for a prime minister , similar attitudes to the role of the government , a political debate where immigration plays a major part ... australians always seem to do well in the british comedy and panel show circuit , they do n't require much adjustment . 
  i 'm a bit surprised you rate the usa on the same level , do you really feel that connected to them ? 
  i mean , i 'm aware of the special relationship and the five eyes and all , but i would n't have guessed this . 
  i think for the dutch it 'll come down to a north/south divide . 
  as a groninger i feel much more connected to the danish , the [ law of jante ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_of_jante ) is very much at our core as well , and i agree with the danes on many issues . 
  the tv series [ borgen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/borgen_%28tv_series%29 ) could easily have been set in the netherlands , it all felt completely natural . 
  the dutch south is catholic as opposed to protestant , much more flamboyant/extravagant/outgoing ... 
  i can certainly see why / u/rensch went for belgium , but to me it does n't feel that way . 
  that 's the precisely reason we 're so hesitant : we were perfectly willing and able to take heavier weaponry , but that was n't possible under the un mandate . 
  because it was politically crucial to police rather than go full militarily we left our good stuff at home . 
  it was obvious to everyone that on any serious challenge by a serbian army we would n't stand a chance , which was why there were guarantees of un air support from bases in italy . 
  the serb attack happened , we called for the support we had been promised , and it did n't come in time . 
  somewhere in the chain of command we got ignored , and the lightly armed ground troops were left in an impossible position . 
  we were willing and able to send tanks and the multinational cooperation screwed us , not to mention the bosniaks , completely . 
  worst of all , it still is n't clear who made the call that fucked us . 
  since this incident dutch troops have only gone out with either dutch backup or more concrete guarantees of support from allies we can hold accountable , and it 's the major reason there 's opposition to a european army . 
  [ the current theory is that it was an american and british call , ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/04/how-britain-and-us-abandoned-srebrenica-massacre-1995 ) but it 's a controversial issue and the truth is still unclear . 
  the us is certainly * allegedly * involved . 
  no it does not ? 
  it 's heavily influenced our participation in afghanistan and refusal to go to iraq . 
  a large part of it is the trauma of srebrenica . 
  we got burned hard in the 90s , the political intrigues of a nato task force fucked us over completely and we let a genocide happen as a result . 
  there 's very little willingness to rely on allies militarily since . 
  less than half of the employed dutchmen work 36 hours or more , most of them voluntarily . 
  everyone is free to make their personal choices there , and a lot of people value extra free time over money . 
  reduced hours are incredibly common for parents , but a number of my friends with good jobs switched to 4 days a week pretty much straight out of university - the jump in living standards compared to their student days was so incredible anyway , why not take the time to enjoy the newfound wealth ? 
  overtime is rare and not a mark of pride - the general attitude is that if you ca n't complete your work in a reasonable amount of time either you 're incompetent or your boss because he gave you too much work . 
  both reflect badly on your employment . 
  most universities in the netherlands would fit , i 'd certainly add groningen to the dutch list for a biologist , [ world # 1 in ornithology ] ( http://cwur.org/2017/subjects.php#ornithology ) , bicycle capital of the world , largest student-dominated city of the country . 
  neither . 
  a typical school week would be 30-35 50 minute lessons split out over maybe 15 subjects . 
  i did n't particularly focus on languages , by the way , my electives were all in different areas . 
  this is pretty much the minimum expected of dutch gymnasium students . 
  it 's not that many hours a week per subject , but with only smart students in class you can go through the material really fast and efficiently . 
  for context , a typical dutch student at this level will reach the equivalent of 7-9 b + grades on ap placement level . 
  i took all 7 of those concurrently . 
  it 's quite common here . 
  same here except i took 5 years of latin and just 3 of greek . 
  i have family roots in giethoorn , a picturesque canal village that somehow got popular in china and receives over 200k chinese tourists every year now . 
  the last time i went boating there it was a sunny day in the tourist season , and a tall blond dutchman steering a traditional wooden pole boat was apparently the precise shot everyone was looking for . 
  i 'm sure i 'm in a lot of chinese photo albums . 
   what you actually think about race i think this is the largest problem with the way this is used as proof of european racism - to me this is n't about race at all , and certainly not about racism . 
  we do have a kind of ` diversity education ' , acceptance in a broader sense is a core value here and taught in schools , but it 's rarely framed in a cultural and almost never in an ethnic or racial context . 
  it focuses on equality and anti-discrimination . 
  a typical work day in the netherlands is 8 hours with a 30-60 minute unpaid lunch break . 
  the larger difference between the dutch and american work weeks involves part time work rather than the work day , though : less than half of dutch workers work 36 + hours a week . 
  reduced hours are common and socially accepted for any reason , people often work less when they have young kids but quite a number of my childless friends in their late 20 's work 4 days a week simply because they prefer that trade-off between money and free time - their budget is already so much higher than it was in their student days , why not take the time to actually enjoy all that increased wealth ? 
  we certainly have less influence than germany or france , but i do feel we punch above our weight . 
  dutch eu ambassadors , commissioners , and our national government are widely seen as powerful within the eu . 
  the top 2000 !, 
  it 's not an ancient tradition , but i 've grown very attached to it . 
  not particularly idiomatic in the sense i used it there , but large distances can be used figuratively . 
  ( it is idiomatic in dutch too in the ` far away with his thoughts ' sense ) does it look unnatural to you ? 
  that 'd be good to know . 
   let 's also exclude factually incorrect or racist opinions . 
  which question do you want answered ? 
  this is miles away from your title . 
  we do n't have official national symbols in the american sense , although some environmental groups have run unofficial polls . 
  nothing codified in law , though . 
  i 'd love an official dairy product , exercise , rock , shellfish , microbe , soil , neckwear , and all the other stuff american states have adopted . 
  it seems like a nice tradition . 
  it would be what you would call a regular house , perhaps , but it 's by no means the standard here . 
  less than a quarter of dutchmen has a detached house , and it 's not much different in a lot of our neighbouring countries . 
  townhome/townhouse does seem to be the american equivalent , but the housing culture is just totally different over there . 
  a rijtjeshuis can be a high quality , desirable home , the kind of place a middle class family would love to raise a family . 
  they 're not some rundown part of town , the very newest and desirable places to live are rijtjeshuizen . 
  that 's not the impression i get of the american variant . 
  they really need to work on their naming . 
  why are the european council , the council of europe , and the council of the european union all existing , different things ? 
  to me , multiculturalism is the idea that being different from your neighbours is n't just allowed , it should be celebrated , and that there 's value in having a huge variation of ideas , customs and cultures in a country . 
  the all-in , hugely optimistic version of this is strongly associated with the 1990 's in the netherlands , when this was the dominant view . 
  it lost some of its appeal since then . 
  i think today the prevalent opinion is that there 's a certain set of core values and liberties one needs to accept and respect to live here - freedom of speech , freedom of religion , equality of genders , respect for police authority , et cetera . 
  sometimes we need to act to protect the liberties of others . 
  it 's a complicated issue - in principle anyone should be free to believe and do what they want , but if that belief involves blowing up groups of innocent unbelievers with acts of terrorism we obviously do have a problem . 
  it 's certainly still work in progress . 
  i 'm not sure how you can be so certain about that . 
  moving away from single payer might well turn out to be a good call . 
  our system has only been in place for 12 years and certainly needs some tweaking here and there , but i ca n't think of a better way to introduce efficiency while maintaining access and quality . 
  it 's a bit rough on the edges still , we need to work on bureaucracy and some details , but i feel our system is in a much better position to deal with the strain of an ageing population and exploding treatment costs than many of our neighbours that might appear in better shape at the moment . 
  i do n't think enough people realise just how unique our gp system is , for example . 
  i think other countries will follow our lead in the coming decades . 
  he clearly thinks he is the ambulance !, 
  that must be the [ wadden sea . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wadden_sea ) the mudflats fall dry at low tide and you can literally walk on the sea floor . 
  it 's possible to walk to our islands from the mainland , but you need to know what you 're doing , getting stuck in the mud or simply still being out there when the tide swoops back in can be deadly . 
  catholicism is the largest religion , protestantism is very common too , and our royal house is formally reformed . 
  they 're all treated equally in law , along with all other religions and denominations . 
  i 'll be honest , i do n't feel this is a strong argument . 
  there 's obviously a huge difference between your empathy and understanding of people you personally know and more distant humans , but i think the personal factor disappears entirely when we 're talking about millions of people , whether it 's my 17 million or your 320 . 
  the vast , vast majority of people in that quote of mine are fellow dutchmen that i do n't know , are nothing like me , people i do n't particularly like , ca n't predict , and often do n't understand . 
  i just do n't think the amount of apathy increases much once millions of people become tens or hundreds of millions , we 're outside any human frame of reference anyway . 
  ( note that - contrary to my previous post - this is n't a particularly strong conviction of mine , not a topic i 've spent much time on , and i 'm prepared to be convinced of the opposite here . ), 
  about the government , let 's not beat around the bush : trump is heavily disliked . 
  he 's seen as arrogant , selfish , racist and untrustworthy . 
  if you 're remotely left-leaning you 're probably aware of the arguments for those traits . 
  the country as a whole and its people are viewed more positively , but it 's important to realise that the antagonistic view of governments is an american quirk . 
  let me share my point of view of my government : i 'm dutch , and i 'm a voter in a democracy . 
  i have to accept that the people we collectively elect represent us , and that their policies are an expression of what we , the people , want .
