  i 've seen redditors have no trouble with this whatsoever when talking about other types of divisions such as gender or profession - this site is full of sweeping generalizations about women , cops , lawyers and loads of other highly diverse groups of people . 
  why not do the same about nationalities and get some insight ? 
  you 're saying that christians do n't wield much power in congress or the presidential election ? 
  that 's not the impression i 'm getting at all . 
  of course they 're a more dominant force and wield more influence in conservative parts of the country , but they 're a major factor on the national level as well . 
  of course there are huge differences within the us in religiosity . 
  we get that , we got a bible belt in the netherlands too . 
  that does n't mean their influence is restricted to just those areas . 
  i 'd also appreciate it if people stopped with eu-us comparisons . 
  the eu is not a government , we 're not a state , it does absolutely no justice to the differences between european countries . 
  we just happen to be part of an international organisation , do you feel a special connection to iran because you 're both un members or something ? 
  i certainly share nothing special with greece . 
  i do take one of the best regarded quality news sources in the world very seriously , yes . 
  i 'm honestly a bit baffled you 're dismissing this as mere regional issues when religion comes up so frequently and prominently in congress and the presidential election . 
  why would you say trump picked pence as a running mate ? 
  is n't that a clear example of the national importance of christians ? 
  come on , [ this ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/democracyinamerica/2016/09/sending-them-up ) was the front page news just last week :  a ruling last week at the fourth circuit court of appeals is a reminder that church and state are far from separate in america . 
  as was [ `` the ayatollah of alabama '' ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/democracyinamerica/2016/09/scandal-alabama ) , for that matter . 
  conservative states are constantly in the world news with their problematic relationship with religion and christians are a dominant force in national politics too . 
  do you really think it 's unfair to say that christianity heavily influences us politics ? 
  i look upon most of them in my country favourably , actually . 
  most are genuine , hardworking people that really try to make my country a better place for everyone . 
  i disagree with quite a lot of them about what `` a better place '' means , but there are very few whose integrity i doubt , and those people i disagree with tend to represent common sentiments in the dutch population that deserve representation . 
  that 's a zombie show , right ? 
  i do n't really know enough about it to answer . 
  most people like trying new foods and tastes , you should be fine !, 
  when in doubt , get some variety . 
  not everyone likes very fruity or hoppy beers . 
  just buy what you 'd but for americans outside your region . 
  i wonder whether that 's well known in the us now ... 
  it 's certainly great for britain you exported them !, 
  i 'd call 18 to 21 degrees room temperature , and i would consider anything outside that range abnormal , although it obviously happens in some houses , especially those of elderly people . 
  that 's combine harvester english , right ? 
  centralisation prank gone wrong !, 
  everyone was surprised what happened next !, 
   foreign media is quiet about jupp\u00e9 not sure why you 're assuming that . 
  he 's been in the news , and even was one of the headlines on he economist [ weekly news podcast earlier this month . 
  ] ( http://soundcloud.com/theeconomist/the-week-ahead-drawbridge-dystopia ), 
  and then we get to what i feel is the core of the misunderstanding : a lot of americans consider this to be an american website , where they can act like they do at home without any consideration for other nationalities . 
  they consider reddit to be a place where they 're talking to each other primarily , and therefore use their usual terminology . 
  other nationalities are welcome , but we 're guests in an american space , and the onus on fitting in is on us . 
  most people from other countries feel this is a part of the international internet , and that means it 's polite to make sure your comment can be understood easily by other nationalities . 
  from this it follows that americans ought to realize that speaking about being irish is confusing and should adapt their language . 
  i do n't get it . 
  your point is that the eu is by no means as centralized as the us ( which still talks about the eu as a government , which i still disagree with - you would n't call the un or nato ` centralized ' , and it does n't apply to the eu either ) , but you still feel the comparison is valid ? 
  i just do n't see why such a philosophical point about the theoretical balance of power makes such a difference in your view . 
  we seem to be missing each other 's point somehow . 
  could you explain how you feel about the nato and un membership of the us ? 
  to me that 's really a perfect analogy - i feel as much of a connection to those organizations to the eu . 
  you 're already missing the mark for me by describing the eu as a governing body . 
  it is n't , it certainly does n't feel that way to me . 
  it 's a negotiating table , like the security council or g8 . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  i ca n't vote for eu-wide representatives , i do n't pay tax , they do n't make laws that apply to me and do n't police me if i break them . 
  we talk about the eu in my country , and so do the people in germany , slovenia and all the other countries , but those debates are all separate . 
  all of these things happen indirectly , via my national government , but to me that 's really more analogous to the un . 
  we pay a `` un tax '' too , in the sense that it 's funded by our governments . 
  we consider ourselves bound by un resolutions in the same way as we 're bound by eu law . 
  it 's analogous to my own country for sure , and comparing our countries to states is actually rather offensive to me . 
  the eu is simply an international organization my country is a member of , just like we 're a member of the un , nato , and many other organizations . 
  it 's something we joined for a good reason , i 'm happy with our membership , but the average person on the streets could n't name the other members or the officials in charge and i certainly feel no special connection to it . 
  we could leave again if we wanted to , and that 's very important . 
  an eu-us comparison hugely overstates the connection i have with people from other eu member states and completely disregards how little we have in common with each other . 
  it kind of works on a geographical level , your states are about as big as our countries , but it 's so wrong in any other way that it just feels entirely unhelpful . 
  you 're an american with a once-in-a-lifetime chance to spend a free week in europe ? 
  get on that plane !, 
  which city are you flying to ? 
  a week is n't too long , best not spend it all traveling to the other side of the continent . 
  you 'll be fine as a traveler coming alone speaking just english , and spanish is a nice bonus . 
  my final year ( age 18 ) i took : * dutch * english * latin * mathematics + elective extra maths * physics + elective * chemistry + elective * economics + elective * history : dutch 19th century education reforms ( yuck ) and vietnam war ( yay ! ), 
  note that the last year is typically quite focused in the netherlands as well . 
  i had plenty of classes in german , french , greek , geography , civics , biology and many other things , but there 's more depth and less breadth every year . 
  the only ones that are actually compulsory are dutch , english and some maths , all the rest is elective . 
  both . 
  most people go to have a good time , but there 's plenty of hooking up . 
  there 's a bit of one-sided rivalry between finland and the netherlands . 
  finland is about the only country that usually ranks above us on many lists measuring freedom , quality of life , happiness or other positive things . 
  a comedian pointed this out in a popular sketch and it 's become a bit of a running joke now , we keep looking whether we beat finland on every new list . 
  it 's perfectly fine english . 
  the army has quite a good reputation but is n't revered . 
  it 's generally seen as an honourable career choice and it 's generally felt that contributing to international peacekeeping is our responsibility as a wealthy nation . 
  military spending in and of itself is n't controversial but there 's been a lot of pressure on the entire government to be more cost-efficient and military expenditure tends to get a lot of scrutiny . 
  there 's quite widespread agreement over what we 're willing to fund , which are an army , navy and air force that are a reliable and worthy partner in nato in un contexts , but there 's a lot of quibbling over what level of funding is necessary for that . 
  i 'd say the consensus is we 're currently pulling our weight , but our spare parts and upgrade policies are very meagre at the moment and there are differing ideas over how to stay relevant in the coming decades . 
  conscription is n't really a topic here . 
  it would be highly impopular if it were introduced right now , but that 's mostly because it would be a disproportionate response to the threats we 're currently facing . 
  it 's hard to say how public opinion would change if there was any realistic threat of invasion . 
  only half of dutch people work full time , so we 're very used to people not being in the office at the same time . 
  allowing full time employees to choose their own working hours does n't really complicate things and is generally accepted . 
  i 'd consider that quite expensive , the menu at my favourite burger place here in the netherlands is [ 8-11 euros , including sides . 
  ] ( http://www.pappajoe.com/index.php?p=3 ) but you 're right , eating out is much cheaper in the us , although healthy groceries seem to be much more expensive . 
  `` sinas '' immediately labels someone as dutch , right ? 
  but most flemish would know what 's meant with that ? 
  ranja is a southern thing ? 
  it 's by far the most common term in groningen and drenthe . 
  i 'd consider ` limonade ' a posh or fake-posh word and associate it with ' t gooi and royalty . 
  it 's an offensive slang term for one , yes . 
  i still have n't gotten used to this one online . 
  and our most popular beer is heineken . 
  i was surprised to learn about its american reputation , it 's basically our bud light : it 's the most sold beer , considered a quite neutral beer most drinkers wo n't dislike , certainly nothing special but it 's always a nice cold one on a hot day .
