  `` lol '' means fun in dutch . 
  the internet abbreviation therefore works on multiple levels for us . 
  how are you guys on regional languages ? 
  is it offensive if a tourist speaks spanish to a basque shopkeeper ? 
  it 's probably better than english , right ? 
  you mean autodefenestration ? 
  it 's already outdated , i 'd say . 
  the commoner background of our queen is uncontroversial in the netherlands and the swedish crown princess famously married her personal trainer a couple of years ago . 
  ( to be entirely clear , there was significant controversy about maxima 's father because he was a high-ranking official in the argentine military junta , but i see that as an entirely separate issue , it was n't about her not being a noble ) because a lot of nobles across europe are still on friendly terms you still see some marrying each other , but that 's just a matter of meeting someone on a party and hitting it off rather than any requirement . 
  the vast majority of royal weddings used to be with nobles from other countries , which were minorities , i suppose ? 
  our current king married an argentinian , the 4 kings and queens before him all married germans , there was a russian before that . 
  all of those are minorities here . 
  i thought you might say the reverse , i find the dutch pronunciation of loanwords in flemish so funny : * ik las een dossier over de gangster in de tram * . 
  there are also examples where dutch uses a french loanword while flemish uses a dutch one : * entree * versus * inkom * , for example . 
  yeah . 
  the bot/boat and chat channel/canal confusion works the same in dutch as it does in swedish and everyone just found it hilarious to just utterly ignore what the song is actually about , the chat bot story is quite well-known here . 
  the dutch version is intentionally cheesy and brainless :  i got a boat !, 
  i got a really nice , sparkling new boat !, 
  her name is anna and she 's lying in a ditch . 
  let 's go sailing on the canal , she 's the most beautiful boat of all !, 
  why would people assume we 're rich because of bill splitting ? 
  i do n't understand your deep pockets point . 
  [ ah , la france ... ] ( https://twitter.com/jeremycliffe/status/775226331579678720 ), 
  and * boten anna * , of course !, 
  which reminds me , is the [ dutch * boten anna * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0z2zx_oabsy ) known in sweden ? 
  in your business example there 's nothing wrong with using mr. last name , especially when speaking with people you 've never met face to face . 
  i do n't think there 's any european country where that would be odd , and i do n't think you will ever get a negative response to this . 
  there 's 1 exception : if someone explicitly mentions how they want to be called ( `` you can say sven '' ) , use the way they prefer . 
  this is quite common in some countries , but people in those cultures wo n't be offended if they have to mention this . 
  wow , that guardian column is almost prophetic . 
  i did n't realize accurate analysis of the situation happened almost straight away . 
  `` should offer '' does exist , stupid bot . 
  huh , never realized arnhem was also about 2 hours . 
  and you should offer your own suggestion if you do call me on bias , i 'm curious what the alternative suggestions might be . 
  there 's no recognized stereotype of that kind here , but if i had to pick a single city where the most dutch people could feel comfortably at home i 'd probably pick groningen , but i live there and it might just be my bias . 
  it 's a major city by dutch standards ( 200k inhabitants ) in the middle of nowhere that combines a down-to-earth protestant attitude with a great cultural life . 
  it 's one of the few places that 's * gezellig * enough for southerners , urban enough for westerners , and rural enough for northerners and easterners . 
  the traditional downside of living in groningen is that it 's 2 hours away from the nearest other major cities ( amsterdam and utrecht ) , which is considered absolutely massive by dutch standards . 
  that 's a tough question . 
  i 've got plenty of hobbies and characteristics that apply to only a minority of dutchmen , but i 'm having a hard time thinking of anything really atypical . 
   in europe * sure . 
  i do n't mean to say it 's different in the east , it 's just that i only feel comfortable generalizing about countries i know a lot about . 
  i normally phrase my answers like this because i simply do n't know enough about belarus , serbia or bulgaria . 
  i 'd say to almost everyone in western europe kazakhstan does n't count , though , although a significant part of it is west of the urals and i believe that a lot of people there consider themselves european . 
  if we 're listing entire countries i 'd normally include russia and turkey and exclude kazakhstan . 
  same over here . 
  no-one likes amsterdam and amsterdam likes no-one ( `` provincialen '' ), 
  rotterdam has a really bad reputation and most of the smaller towns around it ( zoetermeer , gouda , schiedam , capelle aan de ijssel ) even worse , i 'd say . 
  grim and violent industrial wasteland . 
  those 2 years or more of negotiations are meant to figure out what brexit looks like , there 's very little you can do beforehand . 
  you know you 're not getting the access to the single market on the terms you want , and you need to actually trigger article 50 to find out just where you must be looking for compromises . 
  really , all that can be done is gathering the people ( which is done now ) and figure out a very broad outline . 
  any delays past , say , spring next year are political . 
  i 'm just echoing the prediction of the economist here , really . 
  basically the position of other eu members means that very little can be done before the formal declaration , which means more than a couple of months of preparation would n't improve the situation any further before taking the plunge . 
  any more delays would just be political posturing , and theresa may has given no indication of wanting to dally . 
  i was thinking of the uk , which has very similar flooding patterns from the same north sea storms but has much worse solutions . 
  water management is n't about flood proofing and damming entire coastlines , by the way - it 's a whole range of measures including some dikes , but also plans to tactically flood certain areas when cities are threatened and mitigating impact of floods that do happen . 
  for example , here in the netherlands we sometimes punch through our dikes in strategic places at high water levels that threaten cities . 
  we 've got plans in place to redirect huge amounts of water to farmlands and nature where it does much less harm . 
  a non-dutch good practice is [ hamburg 's new district , ] ( http://www.hafencity.com/en/concepts/flood-secure-bases-instead-of-dikes-safe-from-high-water-in-hafencity.html ) which was built with waterproof lower floors . 
  when a storm is expected they simply board up their houses and shops , allow the water to pass through , and they only have to clean the street of the mud when it 's gone . 
  of course the us faces different problems and you ca n't protect every hamlet and farmhouse , but i know that dutch experts are baffled that major cities like new york and new orleans are allowed to take this much flooding damage . 
  a gigantic hurricane-proof dike protecting new york is technically feasible but quite possibly not what you 're looking for , but if you decide against measures like that it 's certainly a good idea to invest in metro entrances that can be sealed off . 
  i suppose the dutch republic was recognized at the end of the 30 - and 80-year wars with the peace of westphalia , which i guess means that 109 different countries were jointly the first !, 
   the thing i do n't know if europeans grasp is how different us identifying as american first is from a european person putting their country first . 
  ok , tell me . 
  why is it so different ? 
  i do n't grasp it . 
  it always seems to boil down to `` but there are some americans that are very different from me !, 
  '' , which is certainly the same in almost every country . 
  i 'd say the reverse : americans have such a cultural emphasis on diversity and internal differences that they fail to grasp that other countries are the same and misjudge them to be much more homogeneous than they are . 
  no , you 're obviously referring to the mir glory days !, 
  dutch 2 . 
  northeastern dutch 3 . adding flanders 4 . 
  nordics , germany , or uk , order changes depending on what i 'm looking at 5 . 
  western europe 6 . 
  western world to clarify , germany is our closest kin in foreign affairs , the nordics are most similar to me with regards to attitudes to life and society , and a majority of my media consumption and humour is british . 
  water management . 
  a lot of countries that experience frequent flooding just accept that as a fact of life , something that you can allow because a home-owner is able to insure against the risk . 
  it causes a lot of stress for the people involved , and financial arguments do n't hold , in the long term a proper system of levies , dikes and overflow areas is in fact the financially sound decision too . 
  ( the problem ? 
  politics . 
  raising taxes to afford dikes will cost you votes , while a flood is actually an excellent poll boost - a chance for an elected official to get his face on the front pages and look suitably solemn and authoritative ), 
  would you be interested in making our one-sided rivalry a two-sided one ? 
  it 's utterly confusing , but there are 6 dutch caribbean parts , of which 3 are separate countries within the kingdom and 3 are municipalities in the netherlands proper . 
  the kingdom therefore consists of 4 countries - 3 entirely in the caribbean , and 1 mostly in europe but with some caribbean parts . 
  even the country of the netherlands, 
  it 's the same in the netherlands , rooms are spaces without a defined function . 
  do germans use the same shorthands as we do ? 
  dutch people would know what you meant when talking about a `` two/three room apartment '' , that 's a fairly common phrasing , do you guys use that ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure about the relative popularity , but an important difference is that a lot of grappling sports popularity here sterns from self-defense considerations . 
  competence in a grappling sport is likely to be enough to fight off an assailant without a gun . 
  i think this argument was more important in the past , i 've seen it quite frequently in 80 's feminist publications , but it 's still a thing . 
  is there a good understanding of what went wrong ? 
  political choices , structural reasons ? 
  yes , our poor people do much better than american poor . 
  i suppose that bmw is within reach on quite a low-paying job , but most people prefer to spend their money on international travel in their holiday . 
  you 're the one asking me what a huge welfare system with an expansive social safety net means for poor people , there 's no need to get offended when the answer is `` well , they 're better off than comparable people in other countries '' . 
  our rich pay a lot of tax to make this happen , it 's just the way we prefer our country to work .
