  this is , again , a wide range of ideologies , but they 're united by the common belief that if a policy would improve the country and the free market does n't take care of it the government should step up and implement it . 
  in most countries this includes at least 1 kind of ` green ' , environmentalist , party , but all kinds of stuff from the pirate parties to actual communists ( yes , we have and elect those ! ), 
  is usually considered left wing . 
  the popularity of liberalism varies by country . 
  here in the netherlands the liberal vvd party is the largest , and our current prime minister comes from this party . 
   infants born before 25 weeks would still be given `` vigorous support '' if the parents wished and the medical team considered the infant viable at birth . 
  note that we 're only talking about the advice parents get , the decision is still theirs to take . 
  our infant mortality rate is unspectacular but fine . 
  almost all the boring stereotypes are true : lots of bicycles , cheese , tall people . 
  the incorrect stereotype i see most often is the one about smoking pot . 
  the percentage of people that uses cannabis is lower than in quite a lot of other western countries , including france , italy , denmark , the us , and new zealand . 
  we 're a socially liberal country , but a strong belief in personal choice in a lot of matters does n't mean a lot of people are actually making those choices . 
  the most interesting inaccurate one was the euthenasia death squads that rick santorum invented . 
  apparently our legalised euthenasia meant that pensioners lived in fear of government-sanctioned murdering doctors looking to cull the elderly population to keep our welfare state sustainable . 
  i think we 're the most direct people in the world , we 're more straightforward than many countries that pride themselves on straight-talking like the us and germany . 
  it has the unfortunate side-effect of making us appear as rude and argumentative assholes to foreigners . 
  my house was built in 1984 , the oldest building i visited today was a pub from 1700 . 
  if you 're curious , i checked that [ here ] ( http://code.waag.org/buildings/#52.3724,4.8774,13 ) , using this interactive map of the entire netherlands that lists the building date of literally every building . 
  it 's really cool , i think . 
  ethnic cuisines are as popular here as they are in the us , we 've got lots of indian , chinese , lebanese , greek , etc. 
  restaurants on every street corner , but ` american ' is n't really one of them . 
  i mean , there 's all the fast food , and beyond that we 've also got plenty of slightly more upscale american-style spare rib , steak , texmex and burger places . 
  they 'll usually focus on a specific genre rather than american foods as a whole , though , and they 'll certainly advertise as such . 
  something branded as an `` american restaurant '' would just give off mcdonalds vibes , it would n't really work for a quality establishment . 
  in general ` american ' means fast , cheap , food here , for example we contrast ` pizza ' ( italian , proper restaurant experience , pricier ) with ` american pizza ' ( cheaper , faster , more low-brow ) . 
  american pizza is quite popular ( although not nearly as much as pizza ) , we 've even got our own american pizza chains that do n't exist in other countries such as new york pizza in addition to the domino 's etc. 
  students get access to all regular child care facilities here and usually qualify for subsidized daycare and the like . 
  [ the vast majority of brits like the us ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2016/06/pew-research-center-balance-of-power-report-final-june-29-2016.pdf ) and your leaders have n't stopped talking about the special relationship for the past 20 years . 
  did you really think we would n't notice ? 
  [ the unbelievable truth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cq0lbpbxgnq ) , the bbc 's brilliant combination of fun facts and great humour . 
  it 's a growing problem in the netherlands for minor things . 
  a lot of small , non-urgent things are n't necessarily covered by health insurance any more , and people have started postponing stuff like yearly dentist checkups to save 50 euros . 
  luckily this is n't an issue for more serious or acute problems , though . 
  we get a much broader range than you might expect . 
  we get pretty much every big hit series , regardless of genre or quality : game of thrones , himym , keeping up with the kardashians , csi , you name it . 
  some older ones that were big hits here , such as friends , get repeated endlessly . 
  some of our channels are exclusively us produced , i think : we got a discovery channel , nat geographic , mtv , comedy central , all full of their american shows . 
  most of our daytime filler crap is american too , endless reruns of everybody loves raymond , dr. phil , as the world turns , stuff like that . 
  mediocre talk shows , second rate comedies , weird reality tv . 
  we get a lot of documentaries too , our public broadcasting channels play a worldwide selection that includes a lot of american ones . 
  tonight 's one is * glen campbell : i 'll be me * , about a country singer with alzheimer 's , but we get lots of stuff from all kinds of genres . 
  what may surprise you is that a lot of current affairs comedy is fairly popular here . 
  we enjoy most of the big hit cartoons , including * family guy * , but also stuff like the daily show is broadcasted here . 
  i think you 're being somewhat unfair to the complexities of the issues here . 
  for example , the us is an important economic and political powerhouse that can and should use its position to police and improve the world . 
  the real european criticism is that the us does n't do this policing in line with global values . 
  it may not be a completely fair criticism , but it 's a consistent position with certainly some merit rather than the `` damned if we do , damned if we do n't '' - strawman some americans seem to think it is . 
  in a similar manner i do n't really mind that americans would n't trade their lives in the us for mine . 
  if it 's the best place for you , if you like your laws and idiosyncrasies , good for you . 
  i 'd just like some more respect when i do the same . 
  hello captain hyperbole , nice of you to ask a question !, 
  yes , people have real gripes about america and americans . 
  yes , trump is a representation of the most disliked attributes of the bush years and highly impopular . 
  i can talk about this a lot , and i can explain why all those things americans think they get unfair criticism about are considered valid . 
  i think another point is much more important , though . 
  let 's take a look at [ the stats . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2016/06/pew-research-center-balance-of-power-report-final-june-29-2016.pdf ) 74 % of poles hold a favourable view of the us , 72 % of italians , 60 % + of swedes , dutch , french , hungarian and british people do . 
  these are seriously high numbers , as anything above 80 % approval is pretty much impossible for any country under any circumstances . 
  it 's important not to confuse criticism of certain aspects and policies with a dislike of your country as a whole . 
  i can understand why it may look otherwise , though . 
  i can think of a number of reasons why this is the case . 
  i 'm going to generalize quite a bit here to clarify this point . 
  ** americans are culturally highly optimistic and positive in general . 
  ** in dutch culture we do n't call things ` awesome ' or ` fantastic ' lightly . 
  if we call something ` not bad ' or ` quite good ' that 's really high praise , and it 's not always interpreted that way by americans . 
  we 're expressing ourselves differently , which makes criticism appearing as really harsh and praise as only lukewarm to american eyes . 
  ** americans are culturally more positive about their country in particular . 
  ** call it patriotism , nationalism , it does n't matter - there are a lot of aspects of america and americans that are considered dogmatically true and above criticism . 
  ** being critical is a sign of honesty here . 
  ** to a dutchman a statement like `` i like america '' is highly suspicious , it 's something only a liar or a simpleton would say . 
  we expect people to have nuanced views , and we 're happy to share and debate those . 
  ** most of the things we like about america are true about our own countries as well , but are somehow made into a contest . 
  it 's very uncommon in the netherlands . 
  we have lots of dishes involving smoked fish , bacon , and sausage , but that 's done at lower temperatures than american-style bbq , and we love to grill in summers , but the combination of the two is very rarely done . 
  the nato is viewed as a necessary and worthwhile partnership in the netherlands that allows us to foster bonds with our allies and keeps us safe from military threats . 
  it 's well-liked and is working well for us . 
  the popular view is not that the american military might drives the nato , though , that 's a very american outlook . 
  popular opinion in the netherlands is that most if not all european members are pulling their weight and that the us , for your own reasons , spends a lot more on the military on top of what 's needed for nato 's aims . 
  it 's perfectly within your rights to do that if you want , but the high american percentage of nato expenditure is normally taken as a sign you could spend less rather than one that we spend too little . 
  you ca n't just call people black !, 
  we prefer the term ` differently white ' . 
  but seriously , there 's a lot that can be said about this . 
  on a zoomed out level the dutch share a lot of characteristics with the american situation - racism is considered unacceptable in polite society , there is a certain degree of it anyway , there 's issues with unconscious racism and racial profiling , and minorities tend to feel the situation is a lot worse than white people do . 
  that 's only the start of the story , though , as there are a lot of differences . 
  ` race ' and therefore racism is less tied to your actual skin hue here than it is in america and is mostly based on culture and religion . 
  you can find black kids and white kids that were all born here teaming up to fight with polish people that are visually indistinguishable from white dutch people , because they 're the filthy immigrants , for example - black and white teaming up to beat up whites , and we call it racism . 
  i 'm not sure if i can post with a lot of clarity and insight on this , i need to give this some thought , but i do hope other commenters take this opportunity to explore the differences between cultures rather than sit on some moral high horse gloating about our lack of police shootings . 
  heh , interesting , i dislike your own assumption ( `` ask about countries '' ) much more than op 's . 
  due to the focus a lot of people place on countries we 're brushing over all differences within countries , even though we 're a continent full of historical differences , minorities , and separatist movements . 
  posts like yours feed into the belief that our countries are simplistic homogeneous blobs and that the us is the only country with regional variety and diversity , which is very prevalent on reddit . 
  france is actually an exception in europe with its rigorous standards of keeping religion out of the public space . 
  in most other countries there 's a larger degree of judeo-christian symbolism accepted in governments , courts , and schools . 
  that does n't mean the us is n't a more religious society , though - it 's practically impossible to get elected to a high american office without publicly professing your christian faith in a way that 's unheard of here . 
  you 're right about the religiosity , but you should n't take formulaic phrases like that on their face value . 
  western european cultures are actually quite a lot closer to the us than chinese or japanese cultures . 
  have you ever read about the problems american expats run into in those countries ? 
  collectivist , high context , family-oriented cultures are much farther away from american practices than , say , german cultures . 
  i have no nostalgia for the guilder . 
  it was a nice , functional currency , but euros work just fine , and it 's nice that all of the eurozone is willing to accept images of our pretty bridges on our shared currency now . 
  it 's a great homage to the central and crucial role the dutch play on the european stage !,
