  in reality it 's an institution that instills fierce pride and is truly considered one of the best things ever . 
  it 's just expressed differently . 
  another thing you have to realize is that most of us consider our own countries to be better than the us , even in ways that many americans may find surprising such as wealth , justice and freedom . 
  i could expand on this if you want , but an unwillingness to appreciate america 's awesomeness in some aspect is often the result of just not accepting the us as world leader in that metric . 
  this gets especially relevant because there 's a cultural tendency for americans to claim they 're not just doing well in some area , but are undisputedly the best . 
  on your main question ... 
  i 'm going to have to disagree somewhat with some other commenters here such as / u/morgenspaziergang and / u/lumos _ solem that one should separate the us government and its people . 
  it 's a popular sentiment , but i do n't think it 's correct . 
  one of our cultural gaps is that in most of western europe we do n't see our government as an adversary that we do n't have control over . 
  there 's a strong sense that the people we vote into office actually represent us and that they 're actually a quite accurate representation of the will of the people . 
  this works both ways : if you mock the dutch government you 're mocking us ... but we also hold americans somewhat responsible for what your government is doing . 
  you 're the guys who vote for those politicians , you 're a democracy , they 're supposedly carrying out the will of the american people . 
  never mind that this is n't quite that way in practice , i think we do look at democracies in that way . 
  so , are americans hated ? 
  the answer , i think , is ` somewhat ' , and i 'd say it has everything to do with the above . 
  american foreign policy is quite impopular , and we do hold americans responsible for that to a degree . 
  there are some cultural traits that are disliked a bit , sure , but i 'd say the american government is a major factor in people 's opinion of americans , especially on first sight when you do n't know much about the individual . 
  note that american students and expats in europe are generally well liked , though , and do n't have a hard time making friends !, 
  nationality is an easy crutch for a prejudiced first impression of someone you do n't know , but your personality is obviously the deciding factor once we get to know you better . 
  another thing that hugely helps is that we get ` good ' americans here : one of the most disliked traits of americans is the inward focus . 
  americans ( on average !, 
  i 'm generalizing here !, 
  do n't feel personally insulted ! ), 
  know very little about the world outside their own border and do n't seem very interested in it either . 
  that obviously is much less of an issue with americans that decide to live abroad !, 
  not op , but posts like this are generally poorly received because : 1 . 
  you 're not the target audience . 
  you 're not european , and not intended to answer questions here . 
  portraying a smug sense of superiority , whether you intend it or not . 
  you 're starting from a base line that americans do nothing wrong , and then try to explain why it 's sometimes perceived otherwise , rather than even accept the possibility that americans could be hated for legitimate reasons . 
  yeah , it 's brilliant , i love digging around there . 
  they 've got a similar last name database as well . 
  most single countries in europe have way more accents than the us , actually . 
  it 's very remarkable that such a large country has such low variety , although it 's of course very handy in many ways , and i think it deserves to be a point of pride for americans . 
  not every country has a good inventory of accents , but you can find lists and maps online of the 500 + accents countries like slovenia and the netherlands have in their primary language . 
   the legal system in france is n't as retarded as it is in the us . 
  can we * please * treat people who ask questions with a bit of common decency ? 
  i like questions from americans , especially about issues in which they differ wildly from european countries . 
  do you realize how few places there are on reddit where interested americans are actually open to discuss european perspectives ? 
  if you think you can convince people in / r/europe or / r/worldnews that we 're not a continent overrun by jihadists , which we ca n't talk about because we lack free speech ( tm ) , good for you . 
  i think it 's hopeless . 
  in this subreddit we receive people that are interested in and open to different perspectives , giving a genuine opportunity to respectfully exchange cultural views and explain our point of view . 
  / u/amaroq64 posted a genuine , well-reasoned question without any prejudice , and you fucking ruined it by being a massive asshole because you saw a chance to express your feelings of superiority . 
  nice way to scare off newcomers !, 
  you 're completely welcome to prefer your country over the us , i do too , but do you * have * to be such a cunt about it ? 
  question from 2 years ago : `` is it safe for non-whites to travel to east germany ? '' . 
  that 's really interesting , i thought that confusion only started when the immigrant crisis really took off . 
  turns out people were asking questions like this in 2014 too . 
  in case people had never seen this , the [ satellite images of berlin ] ( http://eol.jsc.nasa.gov/databaseimages/esc/large/iss035/iss035-e-17210.jpg ) are really fascinating to see . 
  it 's not the most significant difference between east and west by any means , but it 's quite a nice visual reminder . 
  i filed my taxes last week using an official tax app on my phone . 
  i do n't have a particularly complicated fiscal situation and they already have my info from my employer so it was only a matter of clicking `` i agree '' a couple of times . 
  there 's web filing too for people who dislike mobile devices . 
  it 's also required if your filing is a bit more complex ( lived part of the year in another country , changing fiscal partners during the year , some stuff for more complex divorces , etc. ) . 
  there are tax accountants available , but i think they 're primarily used by people with significant assets or very complicated situations . 
  i know people that have used them in particularly complicated years , but i do n't think i know anyone who uses professional help for an average filing . 
  you 're linking an upload from wikipedia . 
  if you were there already anyway why did n't you just go to the pages for [ europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe ) and the [ united states ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states ) and see that the area of europe is larger instead of linking me some image ? 
  you realize europe is larger than the us ? 
  granted , your itinerary leaves out large parts , but remember that you 're crossing country borders too , you 're spending a lot of time traveling to and from airports outside cities and clearing customs if you 're planning to fly , and other travel options are much slower . 
  you 're including multiple 8 or 9 hour drives even if you manage to rent a car that is allowed to cross borders and traffic is great , which it wo n't be . 
  it would increase the distance between me and the belgians !, 
  dutchmen mostly share social attitudes with belgium , germany , and scandinavian countries and a lot of values with the uk and ireland . 
  if you 're asking about least matching ... well , there are the obvious examples : dutch is about the lowest context culture in the world and we clash with high context peoples both in business and personal life . 
  beyond that , i suppose the us may be farther away than people expect . 
  it 's an excellent match in terms of business culture and negotiating , but most dutchmen would have trouble adjusting to a culture where your job holds such a prominent place in your life . 
  it 's a popular expat destination , but it takes a specific kind of dutchman . 
  another thing worth mentioning is colonial ties . 
  we share a history with some countries and that has obviously affected our cultures . 
  i would feel more at home in suriname or indonesia than their neighbours , i know more about their history , cuisine and culture and that makes things slightly easier . 
  i think it 's mostly similar to pope francis addressing the us congress recently . 
  it 'll be in the news , including excerpts of the speech , it 'll attract some celebrity spotters , it 's certainly going to attract some notice , but most people will not know or care . 
  obama is more diplomatic than `` everyone else sucks '' in his speeches abroad , so that 's not an issue normally . 
  then we disagree there . 
  my answer was based on what people would most identify with . 
  there are a lot of exceptions to that . 
  many people in the bible belt , friesland , and limburg would consider their regional identity their primary one , for starters , as would a lot of dialect speakers here in drenthe and groningen . 
  great question , i really like it !, 
  my personal answer is unspectacular , though . 
  my direct home environment does n't really have many animals , it 's too urban . 
  some boring birds , that 's it . 
  this applies to most dutchmen , we 're so densely populated that most people will have to consciously go for a hike to see anything at all . 
  that 's 24 degrees , for anyone else curious . 
  direct democracy is very controversial here . 
  there 's a large group of people that considers our 4 levels of representation plenty of voting already , myself included . 
  i 've already voted for a person in my national assembly whose judgement i trust and who 's now paid a great salary just to stay informed , educate themselves on complex issues , and vote on my behalf . 
  why are we spending millions just to prevent my representative from doing their job and force me to make my own decision about some complex technical document i know fuck all about ? 
  i never wanted to know about this , this is n't my full time job so i 'll make a worse decision too , we 're just wasting time and money here . 
  there 's far more forests being removed to make room for rare peat and heather environments than the other way round , actually . 
  there 's a lot of effort to preserve nature and biodiversity , forest is n't exactly rare and some other environments only exist in a few countries around the north sea ( northern netherlands and germany and scotland , mainly ), 
  really happy with the dutch one . 
  we can get a digid and use it to communicate with all levels and branches of government securely . 
  filing taxes , applying for grants and subsidies , moving house , dealing with some minor issues with my garbage collection , it 's all pretty trivial and handled completely online . 
  that 's a very european way of looking at things , i 've learned . 
  americans tend to like to compare the stuff available to the top decile rather than the average or the bottom . 
  i 'm not sure about the brands , but i 've heard from expat friends that good chocolate is certainly available at a premium . 
  there is a consensus that cheap , widely available , run-of-the-mill chocolate is generally inferior in the us , but of course there 's quality stuff around . 
  i think you may be overestimating the cost of a gap year . 
  most people stay at cheap youth hostels or travel to third world countries where lodging is cheap anyway and manage to live on 5 to 10 dollars a day . 
  the major expense is just the flight .
