  better relations happened organically in the wake of that . 
  i 'd say we all consider our predecessors dutch from the 80 year 's war onwards , so starting in 1482 or somewhere close to that . 
  our current national anthem is about those events and a unified sense of the netherlands started to appear and all territorial changes and constitutional reforms after that are just considered changes to an already existing netherlands . 
  before that it gets hazy . 
  i could see someone talking about when ` we ' had to fight off 10th century viking invasions or built our monoliths at around 3400 bc , but a lot of other people wo n't feel a dutch connection in things like that . 
  i suppose it 's simple psychology , people are more likely to identify with events here if they were significant or just cool . 
  i know - but i wanted to clarify that that 's what comes to my mind when asked about `` american television . '', 
  while it 's certainly accepted that a lot of great series are made in the us the * overall * reputation is n't good . 
  the dutch tv market is too small for much domestic production outside prime time , the viewing figures just are n't there . 
  networks usually fill their off hours with imported american stuff with cheap rights , which , well , is n't the quality stuff . 
  dutch tv gets swamped with endless reruns of * dr. phil , america 's funniest home videos , judge judy , * and a whole slew of mediocre comedies , reality tv and talk shows . 
  i think that heavily influences the overall reputation of american tv . 
  people love * game of thrones * and * breaking bad * , but if you put on a random american-made show on tv that 's not what you 're likely watching !, 
  it depends on their reason . 
  you 're unlikely to ever be fully comfortable in dutch society without speaking the language and i applaud serious efforts by permanent residents , but it 's just not necessary for any non-resident . 
  if you 'd learn more than a few phrases of dutch for tourism or business i 'd consider that unnecessary , and if you attempted to use them it 'd be unhelpful . 
  we 're almost certainly able to have an easier time communicating in english , and most dutchmen are more likely to take that as a source of pride in their own language abilities than a slight at our culture . 
  english is the more sensible , practical option , and there 's no shame in that . 
  many dutch cities have a very abrupt border , a relic of old city walls and other factors , but you 're defining ` big ' a bit problematically for my country . 
  my own city , groningen , is about 200k and almost entirely rural from 5km outside the city centre , but would n't qualify , and our very large cities happen to be in a very urbanised region . 
  are environmentalists that uncommon in the us ? 
  yes , i have one . 
  they 're very common in the netherlands , most households have one and shared laundry rooms in apartment complexes will certainly have them . 
  they 're not used all the time by everyone though , i know a lot of people with access to one that use clothing lines to protect the fabric or out of environmental concerns . 
  most of those people will still own one but only use it when they 're in a hurry or ( in case of garden clotheslines ) when the weather is bad . 
   are the people dramatically different ? 
  yes , very much so . 
  there 's a huge cultural clash between urban and rural dutch , which actually happens to be the reason people can be offended when our country is called holland . 
  as a rural dutchie i do n't personally mind at all , but it 's a loaded term in dutch precisely because it implies an arrogance related to a supposed superiority of the urbanised west of the country . 
  of course , there are huge divides within rural dutch too . 
  the difference between the catholic and protestant halves of the country are huge and more keenly felt in rural areas , and a lot of people would have trouble fitting in and adjusting to life in the other half . 
  on a more fine-grained level there are many interesting types of rural people , we 've got a very conservative bible belt where life still shuts down on sundays and it 's abnormal for women to wear pants , we 've got the far north-east where fracking-related earthquakes have caused a special kind of distrust of the rest of the country , and there 's the story of urk , the island with a very distinct culture based around the fishing industry that suddenly found itself part of the dutch mainland after some enthusiastic dike-building . 
  i 'm not sure there 's a single definitive answer . 
  zoning laws are quite common here , yes , but those small transition zones mostly appeared organically before they existed . 
  part of that is historical - towns and cities built around constraints of walking distances to jobs and obviously confined by city walls . 
  a huge part is cultural too . 
  here in the netherlands people still value a shop , restaurant and primary school within walking distance , and our very newest houses that are currently being built are tiny and packed tightly together with small gardens . 
  it 's not that people ca n't afford larger houses or a large distance to neighbours where i live , people just prefer living this way , especially people with younger children and the elderly . 
  with a temporal qualifier like `` for six weeks '' it can mean both : q : `` why did you miss football practice ? '', 
  a : `` i 've been gone for six weeks . '', 
  ( and i 'm back now ) q : `` did you emigrate a long time ago ? '', 
  a : `` i 've been gone for six weeks . '', 
  ( and i 'm still in another country ) * just * `` i 've been gone '' , without any time frame , does work in the first scenario but not in the second . 
  i thought we were talking about that specific sentence . 
  do you drop the last 2 letters from ` the ' too , or is that just south yorkshire ? 
  oh , that might have crossed the dutch border !, 
  that phrasing works perfectly fine in dutch - * zij is aan het lezen * . 
  really ? 
  my german is very rusty , but i 'd interpret `` ich bin weg '' as `` i 'm away '' . 
  `` i 've been gone '' on its own implies you have been away in the past but have now returned , i would never have caught that from your german phrasing . 
  that 's not uncommon in flemish too , in contrast with dutch-dutch . 
  personal liability insurance is widespread in the netherlands , mostly because it 's compulsory for people operating a motor vehicle . 
  combining it with car insurance is very popular , but separate policies are available too . 
  i have n't heard about renter 's insurance , unless you mean fire/break-in insurance , that 's common here too . 
  what kind of events would that cover in the us ? 
  pay-out is typically just something between you and your insurer . 
  it 's typically used for accidents - your dog bites a child , you spill a glass of wine on someone 's carpet , your kid throws up over someone 's suit . 
  i suppose courts could be involved if things escalate , but i 've never heard of them getting involved . 
  it 's certainly not typical , even in cases that i suppose would be a court matter in the us like a car crash with both parties being partially at fault . 
  in case you 're curious , some other types of insurance are common here too , and you might not be familiar with all : compulsory : * health * motor vehicle very common : * home ownership ( usually required by mortgage companies ) * travel * home fire/break-in * legal support * funeral basically , it 's common to take insurance against any potential surprisingly large bill . 
  we 're a risk averse nation . 
  hey !, 
  those are the pride of our nation !, 
  what else would we use to clog up french traffic ? 
  i 'd hardly call that second half culturally dutch . 
  it 's not like people do n't get undeserved death threats on making controversial statements in other countries . 
  i 'd join the chorus of no 's , but i 'm curious where you picked up that impression ? 
  it 's not something you have to be embarrassed about , it 'd be a deserved reputation based on usage statistics if it did exist . 
  oh , teachers can provide insight too , of course !, 
  i realise i framed my question ambiguously , sorry for that , but i meant this in the other sense - what event did you teach to kids that happened the least long ago ? 
  for example , are the 2005 london attacks part of the history curriculum already ? 
  the most popular english-language acts from the netherlands are a lot of dj 's , i 'd say that armin van buuren , afrojack and tiesto might be the best known ones . 
  also very popular but a lot more niche is within temptation , one of the most famous symphonic metal bands in the world . 
  in all these cases i 'd hesitate to define their singing accent . 
  people lose most of their distinctiveness when singing , they 're certainly not identifiable as dutch from the accent in their songs . 
  with dj 's it 's usually way too remixed to tell when they use their own voice . 
  since literally the only relevant thing you 've included is that you like to buy shit i 'd recommend rome and venice . 
  those have the most touristy shit available . 
  it 's a bit hard to explain , the best example i can think of is actually about a national stereotype . 
  i remember a bbc show i saw about some historical subject or other , quite serious and in-depth , where kirsty young made a typical ` scottish alcoholic ' joke . 
  i knew about the stereotype , i know about the self-deprecating humour , but now and then i 'm caught out by things like this . 
  a dutch upper class person would never make a joke like that in polite company . 
  it just seemed too crude considering the context and the speaker , i would have thought that it 'd be a more informal , lower-class type of joke , but apparently it was n't . 
  i 'm just missing some part of the puzzle about what it * means * to be scottish . 
  i should clarify first that i 'm an avid follower of british current affairs , radio , and panel shows , which makes me a rather atypical dutchman . 
  i 'll give you some personal opinions and offhand observations , please do n't take this too seriously . 
  these rankings are purely based on distinctiveness to me personally . 
  out of the 4 i 'm probably the least familiar with northern ireland . 
  i do n't seem to be able to pin down the accents reliably , i do n't think i quite understand the local mores , it 's the least predictable of the home nations to me politically . 
  scotland might be third . 
  i know the more common scottish accents but i am unable to distinguish between them , i know something of the culture but it can still be unpredictable , i sometimes get surprised by the scottish attitude to regional stereotypes , i do n't really feel i have a grasp of the significance of scots and scottish gaelic . 
  i feel i understand the regional politics better than wales , but overall scotland is still third for me . 
  i 'd place wales second . 
  i normally have no trouble identifying a welsh accent , i know some internal distinctions , and i think i understand the position of welsh in the country . 
  i 'd call wales the most english of the other 3 . 
  ( this could either solidify my points or highlight how little i understand , i suppose ! ), 
  england is a definite first in knowledge . 
  england , great britain and the uk are often used interchangeably here , and a large part of the reason is that england is much more well known here , particularly in historical contexts such as the anglo-dutch wars . 
  i feel that even though i know more about the uk than most of my countrymen this still holds , i 'm able to understand inter-english jokes much more often , i can identify a lot more of the regional accents , i know the reputations and political leanings of some cities . 
  in both english and dutch both refer to the us .
