  hmm , that depends on what you mean by ` committed ' , i think . 
  you do n't propose restricting punishment to just the person who literally pulls the trigger in any crime , right ? 
  in the us you ca n't hire an assassin to kill your spouse , the getaway driver gets prosecuted for bank robbery , and so on . 
  in lots of cases , both in the us and my own netherlands , we assign some of the blame to someone that did n't commit the crime but somehow incited or enabled it or even merely took no steps to prevent it while knowing it was going to happen . 
  we do say they are partly to blame for what happened and i think think that 's entirely justified . 
  i think we can agree on that one ? 
  i think , but do correct me if i 'm wrong here , that you disagree that someone talking hate speech is partly to blame for any hate crimes his audience might commit . 
  that 's a viewpoint i can understand , it 's also the american legal viewpoint , but i do disagree with it . 
  a useful parallel might be hiring an assassin - under american law it 's legal to convince someone to commit an act of terrorism by promising him 80 virgins in heaven , but it 's illegal to do so by offering him 50 grand . 
  i respect your point of view , but i hope you realize this is n't so black and white . 
  we are talking about local imams talking youths into jihad here - i think it 's fair to say that if they do n't spew their hatred and convince youths some crimes would not happen . 
  can you really say someone is completely absolved of all blame simply because an impressionable youth had a ` choice ' not to be convinced ? 
  i think a typical american answer would be `` yes , there 's certainly a connection , a relation between the imam and the jihadist , but i do n't believe it 's strong enough , causal enough , for culpability . '', 
  that 's fair enough , but i do n't think the european conclusion is immoral , unethical , or illogical . 
  well yeah , i understand what agency is , but what do you mean by believing in that ? 
  you feel it 's wrong to prevent crimes ? 
  i suppose i could add some more context . 
  first of all , hate speech laws are a bit like american jaywalking laws - they 're useful legal tools to combat excesses , but they 're not normally enforced . 
  i realize that judicial discretion makes this type of law probably even scarier in american eyes , but the fact of the matter is that you will get jailed for casual racism or an angry youtube comment . 
  people do n't live their lives carefully watching their every word . 
  the aim of this type of law is to protect the core belief that all people are equal , that there 's a certain amount of dignity and value in every person no matter how much you may disagree with their thoughts or actions . 
  the worst excesses of mankind like the holocaust can only happen when you stop seeing the other side as people , when you feel they 're some subhuman breed to be culled . 
  that 's where the line of legality is drawn - you 're not allowed to convince people that some group of people should n't be afforded some core rights on the basis of their humanity . 
  your words will be judged against this standard - why are you saying what you say , and what are you trying to accomplish . 
  the exact words do n't really matter . 
  an important part of this aim is that any political speech is held to a much higher standard . 
  are you allowed to call americans backwards savages ? 
  well , here are two example contexts :  * `` hunting hares and foxes is fun , a safari in africa is better , but i really hope i get the chance to hunt some americans . 
  they 're backwards savages anyway . 
  '' * this would almost certainly be illegal . 
   * `` whenever it 's about ` terrorism ' americans suddenly feel it 's ok to slaughter innocents and torture suspects . 
  they really are backwards savages !, 
  '' * this would be ok , i think . 
  i should emphasize that an important reason this can work is that we 've implemented the separation of powers differently than you . 
  our judicial branch is much more independent and the influence of the administration over prosecutors and judges is much more limited . 
  we are comfortable with prosecutors and judges operating with such a large amount of discretion because of this , and a law of this type would be much scarier in the american legal context . 
  my support of hate speech laws in my own country should n't be construed as a suggestion that the us should implement something similar , i think that would be a horrible idea . 
  are you aware [ how different mcdonalds can be in different countries ? 
  ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2012/01/24/145698222/why-mcdonalds-in-france-doesnt-feel-like-fast-food ), 
  like with all law , context and intent are everything . 
  all things you mention are n't just legal to say here , they 're popular , widely discussed mainstream views . 
  by a belief in agency , do you mean to imply a willingness to let hate crimes happen ? 
  because that 's not how i read the american situation . 
  could you elaborate on the chinese point of view ? 
  and am i understanding correctly that you consider the us to have more freedom of speech in the european sense of the term ? 
  why ? 
  by default it redirects to google.nl , but i 've changed the behaviour to send me to the . com version . 
  many of the advanced features work outside the us but are restricted to the . com version and i use those quite a lot , and the quick results are just so much better . 
  this one is oddly flexible in dutch !, 
  [ other common variants include : ] ( https://onzetaal.nl/taaladvies/advies/voor-de-kat-zn-viool ) for the cat 's violin , ass , raisin , left eye , bum and balls , all meaning the same thing . 
  i fully support them , i see them as a necessary limitation to protect other basic rights . 
  we do hold the same core values as the us . 
  we 're all in agreement that the exercise of free speech is of paramount importance for a functioning democracy and that it should only be limited in exceptional circumstances . 
  the us has a number of free speech limitations in cases where its exercise would cause harm to people or property , and we strongly believe hate speech laws belong in this category . 
  we do n't limit speech lightly , but we strongly believe that when someone with enough charisma is allowed to denounce a race as subhuman people will die . 
  we 've had it happen . 
  yes , it 's harsh to stop someone from saying to an audience that all niggers should die . 
  but what can we do when someone convinces an audience of this ? 
  we 'd like to think the best of our fellow people and rely on their good judgement , but some people will listen and act upon these ideologies if left unchecked . 
  waiting until people get assaulted and killed is possible , but surely limits the freedoms of the victims . 
  the american solution relies on heavy domestic surveillance , hoping to catch people just before they pull the trigger . 
  this surveillance limits other fundamental liberties and is n't perfect - sometimes a dylan roof slips through . 
  you 're paying a heavy price for an increase in freedom of speech that i consider incredibly minor . 
  i recognize that hate speech has its issues : you 're limiting speech , the line may be hard to draw , and most people are able to see this type of speech for the nonsense it is without government interference . 
  i firmly believe it 's the best solution we have , though . 
  you 've got to limit fundamental freedoms somewhere , and this is the best way in my opinion . 
  as a related point that may be a bit surprising , a lot of people here think we 've got more overall freedom of speech than americans . 
  remember that to us ` freedom of speech ' means something more broad than the american definition of ` protection from government interference ' . 
  to us , it involves the entire process of free thought , free expression and free reception of ideas . 
  we 've got stronger constitutional rights and laws on a lot of facets of this : stronger guarantees of internet access , more whistle blower protection , strong striking laws to protect employee speech rights , more checks and balances on restricting freedom of speech for inmates , better source protection for media , more lenient copy and distribution laws for written works , stronger guarantees of anonymity , guaranteed tv air time for dissenting political views . 
  we truly do hold the same values and ideals , there are just some minor differences in implementation . 
  why do you throw away the tasty part of the egg ? 
  a typical dutch breakfast will be very meagre . 
  we have a deserved reputation for serving poor fare and usually do n't include anything cooked or baked . 
  a standard breakfast might be bread with cheese , peanut butter or chocolate sprinkles , porridge , yoghurt with muesli or fruit . 
  coffee , tea , milk and juice are all common drinks . 
  a typical fancy breakfast involves stealing the best practices from our neighbouring countries : croissants , kaiserbrotchen , all kinds of egg dishes ( cooked , baked , scrambled ) . 
  pancakes are very popular here too , but those are normally served as dinner rather than breakfast . 
  there are countries outside schengen and inside the single market ( ireland and the uk , for now ) , and there are countries inside schengen and outside the single market ( norway , switzerland , iceland ) . 
  the two are not related . 
  do you feel motor sports are popular at all ? 
  i never hear anyone about it at all , and to my surprise i ca n't find any sports viewing figures to figure out whether that 's just a sample bias . 
  my list would look fairly similar , with a bit more capitals and a bit less pop knowledge . 
  state capitals are standard pub quiz knowledge , and beyond that you pick up quite a bit from movies , series and news . 
  it also helps that geography is a school subject of the same stature of history here , so people learn a lot more at school . 
  well , i welcome your interest !, 
  it might be important to emphasise that all these terms should be understood as relative to each other in a particular country , rather than a single global scale . 
  based on the above classical liberalism might appear extremely close to libertarianism , but over here a ` small ' government with focus on individual liberty that the liberals like to see includes hate speech laws , no guns for self defense , and support of climate measures such as the kyoto protocol . 
  our right wing is accepting of gay rights and socialised healthcare in a manner that would n't match the american spectrum either . 
  there 's not really such a thing as ` left wing socially ' in an international context and that 's why i felt you might be american . 
  i 'm sorry for poking around in your profile , but the question seemed rather confusing coming from a norwegian . 
  it appears you currently live in california ? 
  in general , a european political spectrum along a single axis will be defined as progressive ( left-wing ) - liberal - conservative ( right-wing ) . 
  `` liberal '' should be understood as * classical * liberalism here rather than a synonym for a progressive like it is in the us . 
  i believe our liberals are closest to what you mean , but i suppose i 'd better explain our spectrum and let you draw your own conclusions . 
  the liberals , in the middle , believe in a small government : low taxes , letting the market do its job , a belief in personal liberty . 
  conservative and progressive parties stand for more government interference , but for different reasons and with different aims . 
  conservatives aim to be more hands-on to protect traditional values and culture . 
  the core belief that good things are worth protecting usually unites at least traditionalist christian and anti-immigrant parties , although depending on the country the range of ideologies can be much broader . 
  progressives aim to be more hands-on in order to improve on the status quo .
