it 's cool . 
  you added me at at a discount . 
  and i brought daughters to help future population worries . 
  you 're welcome , germany . 
  a true pioneer of bold naming !, 
  go forth and multiply , freddie !, 
  yeah i seen eurovision this year . 
  dude was named freddie . 
  my kids were born with german citizenship . 
  the blue card i will get because of my educational credentials is just a stronger grip on staying ( and gives me more flexibility later ) . 
   but it 's part of the game , no , this is the failure of the american media . 
  the us media is driven by clicks . 
  they do not take their role to report facts and truth seriously . 
  they devolve into discussions of `` some say climate change is the most pressing danger to the world , some say it 's a hoax perpetrated by rich scientists paid for by the global anti-oil cabal , we will have to leave it there and agree that both sides have differing opinions ! '', 
  he does n't have any . 
  there 's nothing to not know . 
  this will ( terrifyingly ) end up being the mike pence regency , much like cheney , while the donald enjoys flying around on af1 and golfing with world leaders . 
  i hope this pushes europe to federalize more and become a power the world needs to reckon with . 
  this is the end of america as the lone superpower in the world , but right now it would leave none ( until china assumes such designation ) . 
  already live in germany . 
  make a lot less than i did in the us , and the divorce will wipe a lot of what i have out completely . 
  i assume i am going to need an inexpensive place to retire because i will never be able to replace what i have lost in moving and then divorcing . 
  thanks asshole , but i live in germany and have a very well-paying job which produces a lot of taxes while being still young and healthy and having replacement level children , so i am very much a contributor to this country rather than a taker . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  i stated numerous times that if trump won i would surrender my citizenship . 
  now that it looks like a trump commanding victory , i 'm recommitting to losing my us citizenship . 
  i have given up on the country and its idiocy of an electorate , its insane political systems and dysfunctions , and its terrifying bigotry , white nationalism , and false exceptionalism . 
  unfortunately as i am going through a divorce my short path to german citizenship is closed , but due to my divorce i am stuck here forever so even though i have to wait more years i will still pursue . 
  my eu blue card application is already processing . 
  the divorce will leave me in financial ruin , so i will just retire to bulgaria or whatever . 
  really i am just worried for my kids . 
  i honestly do wonder if they will live a full life before the climate change-induced end of civilization is upon us . 
  maybe he did n't step so much as shimmy or possibly even mosey ? 
  yes , that is clear , but the question is mainly about standing and whether swiss courts claim jurisdiction over what an org does outside its borders , even if based in ch . 
  i do n't understand the details here . 
  how does a dutch trade union together with a bangladeshi man get standing in a swiss court to sue over actions in qatar ? 
  i do n't know how to quit u. . . kip, 
  dude , you ca n't write that on the internet . 
  children may be reading . 
  please use g *** . 
  in a time of sporadic , random terrorist acts in europe probably not the best title . 
  hi every1 im new !!!!!!!, 
  holds up the telegraph my name is nigel but u can call me t3h ukip of d00m !!!!!!!!, 
  lol ... as u can see im very nationalistic !!!!, 
  thats why i came here , 2 meet nationalistic ppl like me _ ... im 51 years old ( im xenophobic 4 my age tho ! ), 
  i like 2 watch trump speechs w / my bojo ( im a brexiter if u dont like it deal w/it ) he 's our favorite american !!!, 
  bcuz he 's soooo nationalistic !!!!, 
  he 's nationalistic 2 of course but i want 2 meet more nationalistic ppl  like they say the more the merrier !!!!, 
  lol ... neways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so deport loads of polacks and mooslims !!!!!, 
  vote leave !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  love and strong borders , t3h ukip of d00m, 
  used in monster truck rallies for smashin ' . 
  i 'm not sure , guys . 
  mississippi is still mississippi 150 years later ... 
  yeah 500k cars per year ? 
  zero of those are going to the us . 
  i wonder how many actually even make it out of the uk !, 
  that seems pretty significant , and this is with you having not considered taxes and extra perks or insurances paid by the employer on behalf of the employee in those countries . 
  also have to consider the lower cost of a company in poland paying out for repairs to the assembly line with local labor , etc. 
  i expect the savings are therefore much higher per car . 
  oh my god , the population there has doubled !?!?!?!?!, 
  for those who do n't know , the npd is the neo-nazis . 
  i do n't know what to believe any more , so i choose to believe it all . 
  really ? 
  no way . 
  oh man that 's awesome . 
  so brit . 
  absolute madman etc etc. 
  is bricky a real british term ? 
  you could n't make that one up any more perfectly . 
  c'mon brah , there are several imo 's locations all over the greater st louis metro and you can pick any variety of toppings !, 
  this reddit user has clearly never tried st louis style pizza from imo 's , featuring provel cheese instead of mozz , and a crispy thin crust cut into squares . 
  it is , to summarize , fucking delicious . 
  this would make taxation literally impossible . 
   america needs to gtfo with its own protectionism gasp !, 
  countries make efforts to protect their own ??? 
  where is my fainting couch !? 
  this is literally why we have governments . 
  this is what politicians do every day in a million different ways . 
  their job is to do what 's best for their constituents , and in some ways that means the businesses . 
  which side gets the new c\u00e4l\u00e4\u00efs ? 
  is it a land route if it 's an undersea tunnel ? 
  something to ponder and argue about until someone gets compared to hitler . 
  i expect it is a very pan-euro thing . 
  my direct experience is with ze germans , though . 
  predictions of economic conditions years out , much less more than a decade , are worthless . 
  they have no idea what 's going to happen . 
  policy changes could make it overwhelmingly attractive for businesses to relocate there . 
  cheap living may attract young people or young families . 
  look at what 's happening with leipzig ( though the article guesses that sachsen will grow at a rate comparable to west german states . 
  but then what happens when leipzig becomes austin tx and the rents go loopy ? 
  where 's germany 's asheville nc or whatever ? 
  it wo n't be in the west . 
  it 's too friggin ' expensive here . 
  i often wish we had ended up in dresden instead of mannheim simply because of the cost of living . 
  if people want to go there for cheap living , business will follow to serve them . 
  if businesses want to go , there will be people willing to go to work for them ( though that 's the weaker argument ) . 
  i do disclose one thing - germans generally do n't move . 
  they do n't . 
  they are n't like americans ; lots of us grow up expecting to move , dreaming of it .
