  if india goes on to value only cricket , rugby union , quidditch , and underwater basket weaving , there wo n't be many medals . 
  a country has to grow and value the proper sports to do well in the olympics , and the olympic sport choices ( especially winter ) are pretty euro ( / western ) - centric . 
  he 's probably just angry because his country does n't have lots of medals . 
  qed they 're a buncha loserz . 
  sad !, 
  unincorporated areas . 
  most of germany 's unincorporated areas are in bayern . 
  partly because they are unpopulated , partly because bayern insists on being so special . 
  stores are open at home in b-w . 
  currently at work in r-p . would have preferred a holiday :(, 
  yeah but there 's interesting stuff to do . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  i 'll change it up a bit : heidelberg . 
  now i love heidelberg . 
  i live 10 min from hd . 
  the city is beautiful . 
  the castle is fantastic , k\u00f6nigstuhl is cool . 
  the university brings that wonderful youthful angle . 
  really great place . 
  so why do i list it ? 
  because for some weird historical quirk , if you ask americans back home which cities in germany people should visit , you 'll get ( probably in this order ) munich , berlin , heidelberg ... whaaaaaaaat ? 
  this sleepy little city ? 
  mannheim or ludwigshafen , just 10 min away , have a bigger city feel ( and i really like mannheim ! ) . 
  or what about k\u00f6ln , hamburg , leipzig , dresden ( criminally underrated is dd ) ? 
  what about stuttgart just an hour away ? 
  you want the link to american military ? 
  k-town and wiesbaden are close . 
  castles ? 
  literally everywhere . 
  yet somehow heidelberg ended up as the de facto `` mandatory visit '' of american tourism in germany . 
  weird . 
  anyway , feel free to stop in at my place after your inevitable visit to hd . 
  i have american snacks . 
  that 's politics . 
  clinton hired her like the next day . 
  the dnc is a private org . 
  they can nominate whoever they want . 
  the story is a nothingburger . 
  the dnc stuff was a giant nothingburger . 
  that 's not a `` publicity stunt '' - that 's politics . 
  i do n't think i really exists as a contraction in american english , but i someone wants to tell me it gets used in appalachia through the mississippi delta area i would believe it . 
  in new york ? 
  might n't not . 
  this fascinates me . 
  what is up with your compensation ? 
  what does `` a third '' mean when it 's different currencies ? 
  what happens to your pay as the currency fluctuates ? 
  is being paid in $ $ $ worthless to your everyday life ? 
  would n't you just prefer # # # ? 
  i 'm super intrigued . 
  well i will be goddamned . 
  and under carter , too . 
  never learned of this one . 
  but there 's no way it would happen again ... 
  right ??? 
  right ?????? 
  you do n't have to blame it on the west . 
  just blame `` others . '', 
  what planet are you living in where you can even fathom nato backing up a military coup against one of its member states ? 
  wind chill in chiberia is bad , man . 
  define better life, 
  just 2 or 3 minor whooshes . 
  in geopolitics there is no conch and piggy does n't know his vision is poor . 
  it 's probably more like the us , china , and everyone else . 
  too late !, 
  time to put on your lederhosen , start speaking with rolling r 's , and profess your love for fc bayern m\u00fcnchen !, 
  lol at sneaking stuttgart into `` greater bavaria . '', 
  oh the irony ... not available in germany . 
  gema is worse than herpes . 
  holy shit , it 's reagan 's welfare queens driving cadillacs and young bucks eating t-bone steaks all over again . 
  just fyi but `` high german '' in english does n't mean `` hochdeutsch . '', 
  you would use `` standard german '' ( or more specifically `` germany standard german , '' but no one would specify like that really ) . 
  `` high german '' means dialects like ... schwizerd\u00fctsch . 
  making mannheim relatively attractive since 1865 . 
  i 'm sorry but you are completely wrong . 
  parties set their own rules . 
  the democratic party has superdelegates . 
  there 's no bullshit there . 
  party decides party rules . 
  ( and superdelegates act as a check to ensure no trump-like debacle in the democratic party . ), 
  if anything it 's ludicrous that bernie joined the party a year ago and is now feeling entitled to complain about the rules . 
  as for bernie , he was n't sabotaged . 
  clinton won more votes , first of all . 
  second of all , i mean jesus go read bernie 's interview with the ny post where he had no substantive understanding of any of his main talking points . 
  that interview was disqualifying really . 
  now bernie has proven himself to be just a cranky old shithead egomaniac . 
  yes , egomaniac . 
  he can spout off all he wants about his principles to improve lives of the poor and middle class , but his legislative record is zero , and if he really cared he would switch into supporting hillary full-throated even if it 's solely for `` just not trump '' reasons . 
  nah it 's cool . 
  nobody would resist white english speakers immigrating . 
  and that 's not sarcasm . 
  i think this is a bit too pessimistic . 
  just a bit , though . 
  someone born in america trying to get into uk politics ? 
  yeah , that 'll be the day . 
  is there any honest person left in uk politics ? 
  serious question - i 'm an outsider looking in and the clusterfuck is unashamedly incredible . 
  wow , belarus does n't even try . 
  i guess they 've got their buddy in russia and that 's enough lukashenko . 
  well i think everyone needs to be careful , because income distribution in the us is much less equal than in europe generally , and there 's much less of a social safety net .
