  an gets pushed to the end in either , but the infinitive is anrufen . 
  that 's why the hague convention exists . 
  you wo n't believe me , but i was completely without fault . 
  the children were not consulted by the court . 
  we all lived in germany . 
  she up and moved them without my knowledge or consent to another part of germany . 
  courts said `` eh fine . '', 
  that is n't at all kindeswohl . 
  i 'm still in germany ; i 'll never leave my kids . 
  we all lived in germany . 
  she up and moved them without my knowledge or consent to another part of germany . 
  courts said `` eh fine . '', 
  i 'm still in germany ; i 'll never leave my kids . 
  i 'm talking about physical custody . 
  it 's a mess here , and it very much is an issue . 
  i should be clear : germany . 
  germany is like the 1950s , but maybe is pulling itself into the 80s or 90s . 
  maybe . 
  because i 'm an american in germany whose children were kidnapped by his german wife and the german courts said `` ok fine , '' but i guess i have no fucking clue , right ?? 
  i 'm in germany . 
  father 's rights in custody cases are far worse in germany than they are in the us . 
  custody, 
  because it 's csu playing a cheap political stunt . 
  otherwise we would be doing it at the same time . 
  how about we give fathers some rights that mean something first ? 
  wenger out of the eu, 
  still the dregs of the us . 
  boy do i love paying my solidarity tax !, 
  i see `` necros '' or something like it . 
  did n't even see it , but that is hilarious . 
  that 's a spicy maymay, 
  but bulgarians are bulgars who spoke a turkic language a family today primarily known through turkish which is spoken by the turks in turkey so this is really erdo\u011fan 's caliphate . 
  good on ya , erdo\u011fan !, 
  it 's amazing - i see a block , even in another script , i know precisely what it is . 
  copypasta sixth sense , the most worthless superpower possible . 
  yeah , i do n't see how the us is n't way , way , way above germany . 
  us is cheap as hell . 
  germany ... is n't . 
  europe for me status : ruined, 
  germany is finally very slowly getting their shit together and moving to at least the 1990 's on fathers and their importance . 
  the ruling this week out of karlsruhe on child custody is huge , imho , but incomplete still . 
  lots of work to do . 
  it is important to remember that when we are talking about fathers ' rights , really we are talking about * children 's * rights first and foremost . 
  and i believe they were the first europeans to popularize pants . 
  i 'm serious btw . 
  i think you mean in english the dative is sort of lost , but it is sort of collapsed onto accusative , too . 
  you just add a preposition , e.g. 
  `` to me , '' but i get what you 're saying because you can say `` hit me '' `` hit the ball to me '' `` give me the ball '' and they all use `` me '' . 
  i 'm no linguist , so who knows what the hell `` case '' means in english , anyway . 
  meanwhile , genitive is not used in large portions of the german-speaking world and is replaced by constructs with the dative . 
  english still has a whiff of cases , e.g. 
  i/me/mine and who/whom . 
  yes , genetically . 
  but proximity tends to produce relations that are not native . 
  english 's very large non-germanic vocabulary or slavic influences on romanian . 
  i bet maltese would have a line drawn to italian , though . 
  despite the fact that it is semitic , it has picked up a lot of vocabulary and i believe grammatical structure from italian . 
  kind of like how the chart above links some of these pie languages to uralic languages . 
  i do n't know about basque , but i 'd be surprised if there is no spanish/french influence to be found . 
  that might be the most turkish looking word i have ever seen . 
  sounds like your sister has a talented tongue . 
  then i should call it illanois, 
  there 's an east new york in brooklyn or queens ( ca n't bother to confirm ) . 
  i understand it to be a slum . 
  also the east bay in san francisco is the worse side . 
  the reason for this is to my understanding since prevailing winds in the us are west to east , when the whites started leaving the cities in the 50s , they moved to the western edge as it was cleaner and the air better , leaving the eastern sides to the poor , mostly black remaining population to spread into . 
  i do n't know the validity of this , but it seems logical . 
  what they did n't think of was since it became a car culture , people who moved west got stuck commuting into the sun both ways . 
  wyoming has < 500k people . 
  there are lots of towns with more people than wyoming . 
  true fact - in all of wyoming there is one escalator . 
  i want everyone to know that claiming east st louis is a seriously sarcastic joke . 
  this is a point of anti-pride , unless you like dilapidated urban prairie , murder , riverboat casinos ( ok sure ) , and poverty extraordinaire . 
  brother , in illinois those are * corn * fields . 
  it 's more yonkers . 
  only people from the city think that upstate starts at bucharest . 
  everyone knows it starts at kosice . 
  wooden shoes, 
  but you 're just german anyway , so basically it just becomes germany . 
  first estonian i ever met was living in switzerland . 
  i learned his first language had been russian , but he also spoke estonian , he just started that a little later . 
  i asked , `` soooooo ooooo ... are you ... russian ... or estonian ??? '', 
  his response was `` i do n't know . '', 
  yeah , obviously you 're all just slavic germans . 
  i get it !, 
  thanks . 
  what are those weird clumps in the northwest and southeast ? 
  also : illanois, 
  sorry - stbxw = soon-to-be ex wife sahm = stay at home mom, 
   as far as i know , these written agreements here are pretty worthless , are n't they ? 
  my understanding is that they are reasonably strong in germany , but i do n't know . 
   someone who did this and criminal law meant that he would meet more humanity when he deals with murderers than when he deals with anyone in a family-law-battle . 
  this is the sad truth . 
  i look at the person representing my kidnapping , stealing ex and wonder how he goes to sleep at night , how he can sit there and think it is ok to fight to keep children away from their father , just because someone is paying him money to do so . 
  i look at her as she lies in court and in mediation , and i 'm gobsmacked to think how long i was married to this unrecognizable monster . 
  marriage is a failure as an institution , frankly . 
   but about the concrete circumstances , i do n't really know much . 
  and hopefully you never will have to . 
  just know that it is bad . 
  if you ever want to have children in germany , make sure you have a pre-agreement with your partner about how you would share custody should you split .
