  just retire to alabama or mississippi . 
  all the poorness , none of the europeanness . 
  but what point is s/he actually trying to make ? 
  laws are different ? 
  are you implying that the us should come in and do some nation building ^ tm ? 
  because president trump may be willing to do that . 
  ah , the ol' us republican party strategy . 
  scream about how gubmint is broken and ineffective and the people should send you to washington to reduce gubmint , go to washington , enact laws to `` reduce '' gubmint that make it more broken and less effective whille making you personally more rich , scream about how gubmint is broken and ineffective and that people should ... 
  idk , there 's plenty that anyone can attack any politician with and try to embarrass him/her . 
  there 's a reason that this stuck so hard that clinton got impeached ( ! ), 
  over a nothingburger of an issue . 
  dm ; hs you old enough to remember how much press clinton 's beej got ? 
  it sells papers . 
  simple as that . 
  sex sells . 
  always had , always will . 
  uhhhh no australia ? 
  you tellin ' me they are n't closely associated ? 
  because i watched eurovision , bro . 
  i know the truth . 
  by the way , that 's like net # 2 per citizen per week . 
  now ask the question - do you think being in the eu makes citizens of the uk better off than if they kept their # 2 each per week ? 
  yes of course , so with simple logic this entire argument gets defeated . 
  i think `` lure '' is better here . 
  it 's more active than `` attract . '', 
  that took an exhilarating turn for the worse . 
  but if that 's the case and scotland 's independence requires an act of parliament then scotland legally could never be independent . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  it should n't be so hard to vote against referendums . 
  people are stupid , they do n't do this stuff full time , they dont have the info they need , etc. 
  and just look at california as a test case . 
  of course the larger it grows the harder it is to reach consensus , but we live in a world where growth for all is imperative , rightly or wrongly . 
  helping smaller countries helps the larger countries . 
  they do n't take away from a set pie ; the pie gets bigger . 
  the pie must get bigger , because if humanity has only a set pie to take from then horrible things happen . 
  it ai n't over til it 's over . 
  history can turn on a dime . 
  i disagree on the estonia example . 
  the population may be x , but it is one sovereign nation . 
  nations do not give up sovereignty to join the eu . 
  now if the eu were to become federalized ... 
  then he goes down in history as the man who ended it . 
  now he gets to be on the right side of history ( sort of ) and as a bonus gets to fuck over the next leaver to take his position by putting him/her in a loser 's position : go back on everything you promised or be the ( wo ) man who ended it all . 
  what a weird concept to have to commit to something after it has been promised . 
  oh well , at least the politicians will personally do well for themselves . 
  great link . 
  thanks for that . 
  shame that the uk threw all that away because of scary brown people . 
  after reading that , if that message can clearly be communicated within scotland and ni , i ca n't see any way they stay a part of the uk . 
  meant blanks, 
  yet they call berliners pfannkuchen and themselves berliners . 
  u so crazy berlin . 
  careful - there 's two congos ( republic of and democratic republic of ) . 
  centrafrique sounds cool . 
  we use dominican republic , central african republic , democratic republic of the congo , sometimes `` former yugoslav republic of macedonia , '' so it 's not like it 's this weird loner in the world . 
  what 's so awkward about that ? 
  i think it 's perfectly reasonable in english . 
  not to say that i do n't think the country should n't be called what it 's people want , but it is n't awkward imho . 
  some consider macedonian a variety of bulgarian rather than a separate language . 
  oh so now the macedonians are trying to co-opt the english language ? 
  romanian is n't slavic , though . 
  i 'm glad it 's not just me , an anglophone , that ca n't tell any difference between any slavic language !, 
  i would n't get it right if you spotted me the subfamily . 
  oh i read `` than '' instead of `` then '' . 
  and why exactly do you think that ? 
  i 'm curious what you 're basing this on . 
  so obama is a seekrit kenyin moosleem and erdogan is a seekrit armeenyin christyun ? 
  how did i fail to see before ?!?!, 
  live near the intersection of the a5 and a6 in germany . 
  can confirm absurd amount of truck traffic . 
  at some point the market has to up the salaries offered , right ? 
  or does romania have some bad governing/laws that are going to make that hard to actually realize in practice ? 
  it has a change in color darkness at the 80 % cutoff , so it has a lot of that info . 
  my however could you have guessed : /, 
  perhaps i simply did n't know and my existing knowledge of location and language led me to a logical yet ultimately incorrect conclusion . 
  perhaps when someone asks a question and you have an opportunity to teach them you ought not be so dismissive of that person asking . 
  it 's very 19th century to do so . 
  and so the answer to my actual question is what ? 
  they are n't ? 
  what are they ? 
  bulgarian is undeniably a slavic language . 
  edit : wikipedia says bulgarians are south slavic people . 
  wait i thought slovenes were just slavic germans . 
  chemnitz in the ddr was karl-marx-stadt for a long while iirc . 
  precisely the point . 
  food may be cheaper here in europe , but it ai n't covering the pay cut i took to come here . 
  but if you work in the us you might earn one of those sweet american incomes , and europe just ca n't compete on the higher end . 
  and i do n't even mean the top 1 % . 
  downvotes ? 
  do you doubt that top-end american salaries are higher than top-end europe ? 
  and that 's without considering taxes . 
  but those are the correct ones . 
  extra u 's , some irregularities of verbs ( see the other comment here that says `` spelt '' instead of `` spelled '' ) , non-rhoticism ( except boston and new orleans ) , in certain dialects the proper declension of `` to be '' is to drop it entirely ( so easy now !, 
  ) , silly wigs on judges , monarchy ... the list goes on and on, 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't speak esperanto . 
  well , i 'm not sure . 
  `` throw '' `` throw away '' `` throw up '' all mean quite different things . 
  iowa , actually, 
  it 's 40, 
  it does n't need to be a question to push the separable prefix to the end of the sentence .
