  i mean , a written agreement . 
  certainly not that shared custody is only granted `` at the free will of the mother . '', 
  the baseline of the law is that `` one parent cares , the other pays , '' and that 's supposedly the equal contribution of both parents to the wellbeing of the children . 
  it makes no sense when the only option is no-fault divorce and women are required to return to work if they had n't been before , thereby effectively meaning `` care '' is `` wake them up , take them to school , pick them up after work , give them dinner , put them to bed . '', 
  plus there 's no incentive to bring the father into normal shared custody as it reduces the child support the mother will receive . 
  it should be baseline 50/50 unless there is a strong reason as to why not . 
  it 's not even a father 's right so much as it is a right of the child to have a real relationship with each parent . 
  every other weekend is n't a real relationship . 
  in my case , my sons were kidnapped by my stbxw , and the courts said `` eh ok '' because she is a sahm and i had the luxury of a well-paid job that enabled that . 
  now , i have no legal basis to get more time with my kids , so the courts say that kidnapping is ok if it is a sahm doing it . 
  it also does n't even have real fathers ' rights . 
  germany is like the stone age , yet they pretend to be progressive . 
  nah too catholic . 
  catholic racists makes poland more massachusetts . 
  lol j/k no it means you suck , dutchies, 
  not all of it . 
  that 's buffalo area , syracuse , tug hill plateau . 
  eastern ny still gets a shit ton and it is n't lake effect . 
  so fucking cold . 
  boy oh boy , do you ever !, 
  i know that slovene has not just singular and plural forms of nouns , but also dual when there are precisely two of something . 
  ( right ? ), 
  stiff upper lip , lads . 
  actual father 's rights, 
  ok then , where 's my raise ? 
  are you writing real words ? 
  all i see is `` i aea ei oaaa a eae e ae . '', 
  i speak no danish nor any other northern germanic language , but when i hear my danish friends speaking their native language it sounds entirely like someone is throttling their throats while they have potatoes in their mouths . 
  thanks . 
  this is history i was unaware of . 
  this is two different points , though , legality and `` what 's right . '', 
  does n't make it legal . 
  for example , all the loonies arguing for texan secession could n't make it happen by a vote within texas ; secession is n't constitutional . 
  when was austria a part of germany ? 
  i know that austrians self-identified as `` deutsch '' fun until i believe the mid-20th century , but there was n't even really a `` germany '' until relatively shortly before then . 
  i 've wondered how much of that in america is true change in people 's beliefs vs. change in willingness to publicly state so . 
  it does n't * feel * like i has changed ... actually it feels more jesusy since i was younger , but that may just be because the god-botherers have larger platforms and enjoy shouting louder . 
  i suppose a lot of this is the leveling of the ability to communicate with the web . 
  sort this thread by controversial !, 
  i do n't know any torontonians , but what is your definition of midwest ? 
  because i thought southern ontario was like chris pronger accent and that guy was thick canucky . 
  well the southern accent thing , first of all there are lots of them . 
  new orleans is out on its own , but the louisiana and mississippi accents sound very round and floating , elegant i think . 
  alabama/georgia redneck i think sucks . 
  however , they all sound dumb , so that 's weird . 
  as for pride in terrible accents , honestly i think everyone likes their own horrible accent , but southerners do wear theirs as a badge of cultural and regional pride in a way that others do n't seem to . 
  for the record , i think buffalonian is the funniest , socal is the most absurd , and dakota/minnesota is annoying and hilarious at the same time . 
  it 's centered around iowa and nebraska to mid missouri , i would say . 
  used to extend across missouri when the st. louis accent went away , but st louis vowels are shifting for sure , so i would toss st. louis out now but keep kansas city in . 
  makes sense, 
  i think germans hold s\u00e4chsisch in worse regard than americans do alabaman honestly . 
  maybe the appalachian hillbilly twang of west virginia is comparable in its undesireability . 
  because germans haaaaaaate s\u00e4chsisch . 
  they also ca n't make the english z-like sound that would start the name `` simon '' in german , same for swabians . 
  it is all a soft ssssssssss , no voicing . 
  no , yours is sexy fo ' sho ' . 
  i just hear a lot of germans say they hate their accents , though ( even som hessians ) , and you listed 5 as horrible . 
  i hear this seemingly frequent from germans : `` good accent ? 
  bad accent ? 
  literally everything else , even the way i speak . '', 
   clinking bell-like this is the most unique description of speech i think i have ever heard . 
  i disagree . 
  proper england english is geordie . 
  ( the most proper of all englishes ^ tm is general american , of course . ), 
  i 'll have to look up viennese . 
  i 've always found austrian-type accents like bavarian on steroids , like characatures of lederhosen-wearing bouncy speaking farmers . 
  interesting . 
  wonder why that is . 
  i am one of those proud americans who would claim `` no accent . '', 
  saechsisch is my favorite german accent :(, 
  this is interesting . 
  i 've never heard anyone say about any language or region that there is no `` no accent '' spoken ( even though of course we all have accents ) . 
  `` ish '' for `` ich '' definitely extends down to mannheim ... 
  i mean monnem , too . 
  what 's `` stadi '' slang ? 
  is the helsinki accent ugly or cute or just `` weird '' ? 
  i was surprised that such a large area was assigned `` no accent '' . 
  it is german grammar applied to english, 
  around 4:40 mentions he that the grammar remains the same . 
  in other germanic languages is the verb always placed in the v2 position . 
  english has this requirement not . 
  in the future should anglish push to a v2 structure . 
  frustrated will many people be , that the verb always in the second position is . 
  however is this truer to the germanic roots . 
  this was delightfully frustrating to listen to . 
  the rhine shift looks neato . 
  are there no good single men ????? 
  all the good ones are either married or former gay porn star turned secret islamic fundamentalist spy agency double agents who are also married . 
  what 's a single girl to do !? 
  edit for correctness, 
  porn and apostasy . 
  i knew smartphones were the devil 's communication device . 
  i had no idea the state paid bishops ' salaries . 
  that i do n't like at all . 
  germany is such a weird mix of actual progressive equality and antiquated inexplicably vestigial systems . 
  technically you are stuck with the whole uk . 
  ni does n't get to stick around ... unless celtic union !, 
  are you implying that the uk * is n't * a planet ? 
  yes i know , but i think as an american i find it very weird that the government takes even this role in religion , much less taxation on behalf of two ( at this point essentially arbitrary ) churches . 
  does n't seem like it 's certain .
