  germans are much more firmly rooted in an area , primarily where their family is . 
  there 's a big difference in risk taking , and that means the pull to east germany has to be stronger , at least for now . 
  i would not be surprised if my kids ' generation ends up being super-mobile . 
  they 'll have grown up in a more cosmopolitan world without borders , really , easy movement , easy communication to anyone around the world , fantastic english to get by anywhere . 
  that will help east germany , of course right around the time this article predicts its takeoff . 
  i 'd be ok with this . 
  i pay an absurd amount in taxes here . 
  i think you have this backwards , actually . 
  it 's a common discussion point because of the paella of ethnicities that americans are comprised of that contribute to the regional differences in language and culture . 
  yes , there are a lot of fault lines in the race/ethnicity discussion , but in part it 's because of these inhomogeneities and because of the historical oppression . 
  europe does n't much have these discussions of race . 
  the continent is much more homogeneous , so why bother ? 
  there has n't been a civil rights movement in europe e.g. 
  however , what you see in europe , and well displayed in this sub , is a different racism , casual and almost dismissed as `` not racist '' because these discussions are n't had . 
  consider the turkish minority in germany . 
  i can tell you first hand the casual racism i see towards them , counting the 2nd and 3rd generations as `` not german , '' the making them `` other . '', 
  i think europe needs to have these discussions - it is a center of immigration now . 
  the solution needs to be pragmatic . 
  otherwise you continue to end up with the molenbeeks and outer-parisian ghettoes . 
  edit : i should add that religious differences and religiosity in the us are also greater than in europe and contribute to the fault lines especially in some cases adding to racial divide . 
  yes but that 's different . 
  the vast majority of americans do not describe their ethnicity as american . 
  there are parts that do , mainly in the west virginia and eastern kentucky areas , but it is not the norm . 
  `` american '' is entirely a cultural and legal meaning , and american culture is broad . 
  so for most americans , if you move from india to indiana at 30 and naturalize , you 're american . 
  we would give specificity like `` indian-american . '', 
  now me , i live in germany . 
  my wife is german . 
  she lived in the us for a decade , never naturalized nor wanted to , but had she done that she would have been american . 
  i can never be german ethnically . 
  i could become a citizen , but cant change my ancestry , which is the overriding factor in the terms as used in europe , and frankly that makes it tough to integrate immigrants imho . 
  as a side note this is something i love to rib my wife about . 
  my ancestry is overwhelmingly french , many generations removed . 
  so i describe myself as 3/4 french . 
  my wife says this is ludicrous , that i 'm american . 
  my wife has a mother who is ethnically croatian born outside of sarajevo and never took german citizenship ; her father is german . 
  so my wife describes herself as half/half german and croatian . 
  when i ask what our kids are , she has the nerve to describe them as half american , quarter german , and quarter croatian !, 
  i always say , so when do the ethnicities get transformed ? 
  if they 're croatian two generations removed , why are n't they 3/8 french , hmmmmmmmmmmm ? 
  this is when she just ignores me and walks away . 
  it 's an official language of india . 
  no i just want more medals in my pointless group so i can pointlessly improve my standing in an imaginary and pointless competition . 
  s/he was pointing out that you called it a non-anglo country when the original comment was listing anglo countries . 
  it 's just the joy of being able to commit athletically-sanctioned fierce acts of violence against each other . 
  looks like their ... 
  hunger for golds was satisfied ? 
  hello ? 
  hello ? 
  is this thing on ? 
  singapore ? 
  south africa ? 
  india ? 
  hopefully they would like to buy some vowels, 
  we should just change the state name to johwjuh for clarity . 
  i know this particular case is n't climate-change related . 
  my comment was that climate change especially plus the migrations it will cause , will exacerbate the problem . 
  just kidding . 
  on the most nit-picky of technical levels , this is a us/german co-production , and it actually aired in the us before it aired in germany . 
  that 's my quota for reddit-technical-complaining for the day . 
  i will attempt to not be a jerk again until tomorrow . 
  with climate change happening , expanding warm regions and inevitable causing mass migrations , mosquito-borne illnesses will spread further than ever . 
  this will be ( and clearly already is ) a new trend . 
  hopefully some day all disease-carrying species of mosquitos ( or better yet , every extant species of mosquito ) can be completely eradicated , but i 'm not holding my breath . 
  got it . 
  misunderstood your phrasing . 
  because the eu has decided to only selectively apply its laws . 
  i just discovered something new that i 'm totally into ... 
  l. o. l. 
  bulgaria 3 . 
  usa 4 . 
  marion jones 5 . 
  spain marion jones with yet another world record !!, 
  this whole sub is retarded on the immigrant issue . 
  `` do n't immigrate here !, 
  keep europe european !, 
  hey no we are n't shit at integrating them , they 're the problem !, 
  also : trump ? 
  what a dangerous demagogue ! '', 
  the mental gymnastics are astounding . 
  a continent that desperately needs population growth and ( like it or not ) is a place that people immigrate to , and this sub just wants to put their heads in the sand rather than discussing pragmatic solutions . 
  they 're so afraid of the 2 % minority populations . 
  that 's an overbroad brush , but it 's the job of governments to fix that and the job of the populace to demand integration ( and demand that their governments demand integration ) . 
  seriously though immigration is a good thing if a country hs a way of integrating immigrants . 
  europe is just shit at integrating people . 
  edit : and which part of this statement is incorrect ? 
  hmmmmmmmm ??? 
  the demographic crisis does n't solve itself unless population continues to grow . 
  that 's needed in an economy that is itself based off of a need to grow . 
  that 's a worrisome requirement in and of itself , but is worse when considering that germany is below-replacement in birth rate iirc . 
  to me , europe seems pretty manic in its collective opinion on the us . 
  like europe really likes and values the us and finds it of great importance to european interests , but they sure do hate that they like and value the us and find it of great importance to european interests . 
  seems weird . 
  considering germany is n't listed as jack wolfskin , your interpretation has to be right . 
  i 'm sorry , but in deutschland it is against the law to pick deutschland . 
  a real catch-zweiundzwanzig . 
  \\  no laws \\  deutschland pick one, 
  welcome to the internet . 
  dumb is what we do . 
  it depends .
