  read just about any newspaper article about the economy and you will encounter them . 
  the distinction is called the [ classical dichotomy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/classical_dichotomy ) . 
   a legal service is part of the real economy in the same way that a car is . 
  you can buy it , sell it , import it , export it . 
  but you can neither drive it nor eat it . 
  you need the real economy to provide you with food and transportation . 
  the whole point of the economy is the real , tangible goods and services . 
  what humans want at the end of the day is food , housing and goods . 
  that 's why we engage in economic activity in the first place . 
  banking is ( or should be ) providing a service for the real economy to function smoothly . 
  it 's not an end in itself . 
  that is true , but no other economic sector is providing a service that * all other sectors * of the economy need to use in order to function . 
  thus , if the monetary economy is disproportionately large compared to the real economy , that 's a huge warning sign . 
  it 's a service to the real economy , so of course you get a salary . 
  but where do you think the things you buy with your salary come from ? 
  the economy is about providing goods and services . 
  banking is a sub-service of the real economy . 
  in this role it does have its place , but if it gets disproportionally large , something is wrong . 
  as history shows , an overblown monetary economy leads to disaster sooner or later and can completely tank the real economy , the one that produces the tangible goods and services we humans rely on . 
  the great depression and our current financial crisis are examples . 
  the distinction between real and monetary economy is commonly used in macroeconomics and very real . 
  [ real economy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/real_economy ) means the production of goods and services , as opposed to the monetary economy ( or paper economy ) , which means buying and selling on financial markets ( i.e. 
  speculation ) . 
  these are common terms in economics . 
  edit : the german wikipedia has a much more informative article about it than the english one : [ realwirtschaft ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/realwirtschaft ) . 
  i asked if there are statistics that show the monetary economy vs. the real economy for the uk . 
  edit : if such statistics exists for europe as a whole ( broken down by country ) , even better . 
  i 've heard that the british gdp is massively inflated by banking , i.e. 
  it does not reflect the real economy very well . 
  is this true ? 
  are there statistics on the size of the monetary economy vs. the real economy for the uk ? 
  i think `` the us is responsible for the problems in the middle east '' is a very dubious statement . 
  are n't the actual people there responsible ? 
  the ones who join isis , for example ? 
  also , by your logic the neutral european countries that never had colonies ( e.g. 
  austria , switzerland and sweden ) would be exempt from taking refugees . 
  definitely looks like thunderbird . 
  repair costs 60 euros . 
  he should be fine . 
  i found the europe subreddit through google a year or so ago ( this was also the first time i learned about reddit ) and it 's practically the only subreddit i use . 
  i frankly do n't care about askreddit or anything else on reddit and found the move to set / r/europe to private a little bit perplexing . 
  yes , i read the thread linked in the `` this subreddit is private '' message as well as some online articles about the protest , but i still do n't get it . 
  someone was fired at reddit , obviously for a grave professional misconduct or something ( you ca n't instantly fire someone for anything else really ) . 
  so what ? 
  why would this cause moderators to lock out users who do n't have anything to do with it ? 
  that 's a questionable form of protest in my opinion . 
  out of curiosity : is paypal really used much in greek online shopping ? 
  in austria it 's totally uncommon , i only ever needed it for some international purchases ( like songs on bandcamp ) . 
  ( the usual payment method in austrian online shops is `` sofort\u00fcberweisung '' -- you choose your bank on checkout , log in , confirm the amount and enter the mtan that was sent to you ) . 
  virtually all eu countries have this kind of people who blame their general frustration with life on the eu . 
  `` my neighbor has a more expensive car than me !, 
  that would n't have happened if we still had the shilling ! '', 
  the difference is that it 's relatively easy to start a volksbegehren in austria . 
  most other countries do n't have this tool of direct democracy , and in those that have it the requirements for starting one and/or concluding it successfully are usually higher . 
  also , 260,000 people is only ~ 3 % of the population . 
  so while the parliament is now legally required to put it on the agenda ( since it exceeded 100,000 signatures ) , they can -- and will -- safely ignore it . 
  it does . 
  temperature difference between vienna and surrounding countryside is ~ 10 degrees in summer nights . 
  22:00 and still 26 degrees in vienna . 
  the city retains the heat really well . 
  forecast for next week is 39 degrees ( still below last year 's record though ) . 
  tips to stay cool ? 
  a well-insulated apartment and air conditioning once indoor temperature reaches 27 degrees . 
  also wearing short sleeved shirts outdoors if temperatures rise above 30 degrees . 
  at 38 degrees i * might * even consider shorts . 
  norwegians , watch and learn !, 
  `` not macht erfinderisch '' -  `` misery makes ( one ) inventive '', 
  not a chance . 
  i 'll emigrate to ~ ~ canada ~ ~ germany before i get drafted . 
  i might even return as a german tourist . 
  ice cubes are considered unhealthy and unhygienic by many people here . 
  personally i just do n't like them and would never order a drink with them , so i do n't care if these `` common wisdoms '' are true or not ( although i guess they can be unhygienic if not prepared properly ) . 
  i do n't care about aaa , i 'm more of an indie game guy . 
  personally i never liked cold drinks . 
  having that personal dislike confirmed by * science * just feels great !, 
  ( also , i 'm not german . ), 
  you 'd be surprised , but what you said is applicable to most , if not all , developed countries . 
  germans complain about the exact same things , for example . 
  cold drinks are actually counter-productive when it 's hot ; your body thinks it 's getting colder and will try to raise body temperature . 
  it took me a minute to realize you were not talking about military drafts ( aka conscription ) . 
  i was going to write something about fearing death by boredom for eight months . 
  drafts of cold air are considered somewhat dangerous , yes . 
  are n't they ? 
  i once got bad pain in my right shoulder after an a/c outlet in a bus blew on it for an extended time . 
  the cold , dry air produced by air conditioning is also known to facilitate throat infections . 
  it 's also commonly recommended ( e.g. 
  by doctor 's associations ) not to set a/c to a lower temperature than 6 \u00b0 below outside temperature ( i.e. 
  if it 's 32 \u00b0 outside , do n't set it lower than 26 \u00b0 ) . 
  we do have the lowest youth unemployment and second lowest overall unemployment in europe , though ( used to be lowest in europe for more than a decade until german unemployment dropped even lower ) . 
  i 'd rather have a stable society and little growth than the other way round . 
  also , being one of the richest countries on earth with a non-growing population does n't leave much room for economic growth anyway . 
  we 'd better start growing morally . 
  united states de facto defaulted in 1971 when they declared themselves unable to exchange dollars to gold any longer . 
  dear kind sir , thank you for your reply and kind offer to assistance . 
  unfortunately i am in dire situation right now because of poor condition in greece and lack of camera . 
  but pleas find kindly enclosed old photo of me which show me sitting on floor during greek government meeting in t-shirt and jeans while looking bored . 
  kind blessings mr varoufakis, 
   a lot of the stuff i 'm reading looks like it 's written by nigerian prince dear beloved sir , i know this message will come to surprise but permit me to introduce business relationship to you . 
  my name is mr varoufakis and i am finance minister of country of greece , i need your trusted help in transfering 6,000,000 million billion euros which was deposited in imf bank account to safe bank account in greece with your honest assistance . 
  pleas i will offer you 20 % of sum as reimbursent to your efforts and i also want to relocate due to poor condition in greece , to continue my education , i was economist and game theorist before the sudden death of my government .
