  reply to my alternate email at mistervaroufakis2@hotmail.com stay blessed mr varoufakis, 
  countries defaulting one way or another is really not that uncommon . 
  many countries , including developed ones , including the country i live in , have done it . 
  even the united states did in a way default when they declared they were `` temporarily '' suspending the exchange of dollars into gold in 1971 ( they got out of it relatively unscathed because the dollar was the only serious world currency at the time ) . 
  ah yes , echelon . 
  it was all over the news in austria back then , but people tend to forget . 
  still , us reputation has unfortunately dropped to historically low levels in the last decades . 
  in the eighties and early nineties the us was basically seen as a country that really lived up to its ideals , a shining beacon of freedom and justice ; that 's the way people talked about the us during my childhood . 
  now it 's more like `` former superhero who 's lost his reason to live after the main villain died , became mentally unstable and is set to become the next supervillain '' . 
  which is very unfortunate if you ask me , because americans are generally very nice people , but their last few governments have done some very stupid things , alienating even their best friends , admirers and allies . 
  you could ask turkey and greece , they are both nato members and have some experience in these matters . 
  obviously i 'm not talking about the government-sponsored world of military aircraft , where us companies are traditionally very advanced ( although the joint strike fighter seems to be even more of a disaster than the eurofighter -- but governments will pay anyway , and manufacturers know that ) . 
  what i 'm talking about is commercial aircraft which are sold on the free market and where cost-efficiency and delivery deadlines are paramount . 
  apparently this is the area where boeing has a significant weakness , which is however offset to some extent by being able to profit from industrial espionage conducted by us agencies . 
  an acquaintance who works in the aircraft industry ( subcontractor ) once told me that the only reason boeing was still able to compete in the aircraft market is industrial espionage on airbus . 
  i did n't quite believe him at the time -- i mean , it did sound like a conspiracy theory at the time -- but given recent revelations i now have to assume he was right . 
  and the same thing is probably happening in other industries as well . 
  thank god the us is in nato then . 
  phew !, 
  what always irritates me in these roaming discussions is that politicians consistently focus on calls and sms . 
  `` see , we 're making phone calls cheaper ! '', 
  well , i do n't care about phone calls !, 
  we 're living in the internet age , phone calls have become rare . 
  even in business we mostly use e-mails , messages , skype etc. , not to mention countless apps for public transport , maps , social networking , traffic information and so on . 
  you can make phone calls and sms ( haha !, 
  it 's been years since i last sent one ! ), 
  as cheap or expensive as you want , i do n't care . 
  i need affordable data . 
  at home i pay 5 euros per gigabyte on prepaid ( there are even cheaper options on contract ) , but as soon as i travel a few dozen kilometers , i suddenly pay ~ 250 euros per gigabyte ( edit : or a whopping 15000 euro per gigabyte if i travel to switzerland or another non-eu country in europe ) . 
  that 's just crazy . 
  you already are a roaming island . 
  when i visit any eu country , i can turn on data roaming at least from time to time to e.g. 
  check my mails -- yes , it costs ~ 25 cents per megabyte , but that 's affordable if you limit your internet usage to simple things like looking up an adress or a quick google search . 
  when i 'm in switzerland , however , i do n't dare to enable roaming and limit myself to my hotel 's wlan because i 'd have to pay 14,90 eur * per megabyte * . 
  checking my mails a single time could cost me 100 + euros !, 
  edit : yes , i could get a prepaid swiss sim card , but i 'm in switzerland once a year at most and it 's just not worth the overhead . 
  i do have a german sim card though as i 'm in germany on a regular basis . 
   can you think of any other non-utility industry that operates the same way ? 
  an industry in which legally nobody is allowed to compete without buying off their rivals ? 
  i 'm not sure about other countries , but in austria there are industries with regional controls , i.e. 
  only a certain number may exist in a certain area . 
  pharmacies and notaries come to mind . 
  until the mid-80s , many industries were regulated in that way , including bookstores , grocery stores and taxis . 
  this is called `` gebietsschutz '' ( regional protection ) and if you wanted to open e.g. 
  a bookstore , there was first a `` bedarfspr\u00fcfung '' ( necessity check ) if another one was necessary in that particular area . 
  if there was already a bookstore nearby and that store did n't exceed a certain number of customers ( population density was also factored in afaik ) , you would not get a license to open a store there . 
  i would imagine other countries had and have similar rules for certain industries . 
  i can second that . 
  goes for austria as well . 
  probably not . 
  i 've never heard of social security as a `` tax '' -- it 's a ( mandatory ) insurance . 
  i do n't know about myanmar , but there 's an interesting [ talk by slavoj zizek on buddhism ] ( https://youtu.be/latupff1r_s ) where he mentions some of the mental gymnastics devised by japanese buddhist leaders that enabled imperial japanese soldiers in ww2 to kill innocent people while still being `` good buddhists '' . 
  nafta is a trade agreement , not a political union . 
  happy independence day !, 
  by the way , we were the first country ( along with germany ) to recognize your independence after the declaration . 
  i 'll shoot down any and all gundrones i see with my gun . 
  no to guns in europe !, 
  til what condensed milk is ( by clicking your wikipedia link ; i heard the term before , but never bothered to look it up ) . 
  to answer your question : no , it 's totally uncommon here . 
  i did n't even know it existed . 
  i think the closest thing we have is [ kaffeeobers ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaffeeobers ) ( called kaffeesahne in germany ) . 
  well i was only looking for austrian brokers to be honest . 
  it never occurred to me that i could use an international one . 
  i did some research into this about a year ago and at least back then the only option to buy their etfs would have been through a single private bank that acted as a broker for them and took additional fees . 
  maybe that has changed in the meantime . 
  but is vanguard even available in europe ? 
  i know for a fact that they do n't offer their etfs in austria . 
  wow . 
  that 's almost new york levels . 
   in vienna there are around 4500 taxis , but that number is projected to drop to 3500 in the next years due to falling demand ( it was more than 5000 at one point , around 15 years ago ) . 
  the biggest taxi killer is probably car2go -- you see them everywhere and it seems they are replacing lots of taxi rides ( they 're also cheaper ) . 
  you can get rich as a taxi owner in denmark ? 
  here it 's considered an extremely low-paying job/enterprise ( drivers and taxi company owners are often immigrants ) . 
  are taxi licenses somehow limited or fares set artificially high in denmark ? 
  then maybe that 's the reason why uber is n't a thing in vienna . 
  the article about them was two or three years ago and i have n't heard anything about them since . 
  i guess if you asked 100 random viennese , 95 would have never heard of them . 
  but on the other hand , even taxis are not that big of a thing here either . 
  i 'm always surprised how many taxis you see in other european cities ( like paris , berlin or london ) . 
  i guess having the best public transportation network in the world leads to less taxis as a side effect . 
  it 's really something in between these two examples . 
  it 's not the same country , but it 's within the same union ( which is not the case with mexico and us ) . 
  but is n't uber more expensive than traditional taxi companies ? 
  i remember reading an article about uber in a viennese newspaper where they did a few test rides and uber came out more expensive than everyone else ( but also more luxurious ) . 
  by the way , i think the real threat to taxi companies ( this includes uber ) are car2go and drivenow . 
  you 're right , it does n't make sense , but it also does n't happen -- it 's just that we use the international abbreviations instead of german ones ( which do n't even exist because everyone uses the international ones ) . 
  fun fact : if you see someone using the abbreviation `` vsa '' vor vereinigte staaten von america ( instead of usa ) , he 's a ( neo-nazi ) conspiracy nut . 
  these circles like to use german abbreviations that are otherwise completely uncommon . 
  well , 11 and 12 have their own words in english too . 
  french even has separate words for the numbers 11-16 , only from 17 onwards it becomes regular ( well ... until 69 that is , from 70 to 99 it gets really weird , unless you opt for the swiss system and use septante , huitante and nonante ) . 
  in the end it 's all a matter of what you 're used to . 
  i found the german and english numbering systems easy to learn , but i might be biased since i both learned them more or less natively . 
  i still struggle with the french system . 
  and apparently the danish one is even worse . 
  vereinte nationen is abbreviated un or uno in german , never vn ( same with usa and opec , by the way -- we use the english abbreviations , but the full name is always given in german ) . 
  actually the german numbering system is more logical . 
  think about it : you say thirteen , fourteen , fifteen , ... , nineteen in english ( 19 -  9-1 , nine-teen ) , but suddenly , beginning with twenty-one , the order is swapped . 
  in german it simply stays the same : 19 = nine-teen , 29 = nine-and-twenty , 39 = nine-and-thirty etc. 
  spying on friends is a bad idea if you want to keep them . 
  mind = ~ ~ blown ~ ~ read,
