  it 's two different names for the same region . 
  hence there is `` czechia '' to distinguish between the country and the region . 
  if you feel german then you should paint again the renaissance city hall in black . 
  such western . 
  very progressive . 
  much german . 
  wow . 
  no no no she is an example of pefectly assimilated descendant of former poles . 
  there are no poles in germany . 
  no no no you do n't understand . 
  any polish immigration to germany is * always recent * by definition . 
  recent enough not to consider them a minority . 
  no maliciosity there or bad intentions - just pure coincidence and rule of law . 
  edit / s, 
  pozna\u0144 - the least german among the westernmost polish cities . 
  relevant . 
  the same applies to cheddar , mozzarella , salmon , gouda , and countless others . 
  branded perfumes or shoes do not miraculously cost 50 % less when you cross the german-polish border , no . 
  i 've heard that in bergen it 's mostly raining and a pint of beer costs 10 euro . 
  many producers and big retail chains are guilty of this practice ( e.g. 
  british , french , portugeese as well ) . 
  you are getting shit ? 
  well apparently you are asking for it . 
  israel receives massive aid from us , which then reinvests mostly in us ' weapons . 
  it 's not the case with poland . 
  stop this hysteria right fucking now !, 
  nope , seeing right-wing propaganda everywhere might be a symptom of being a troll , or of some kind paranoia . 
   cheap right-wing propaganda that it is . 
  are you a troll ? 
  language barrier , the trend of high and rising social contributions is rather eu-wide , also with growing older the chance of getting an attractive offer abroad is getting lower . 
  let 's say i 'll move from germany to france , will my situation improve ? 
  that 's a lot of words i did n't use . 
  you are free to relocate and create your family with lots of children in niger , somalia , or chad if you are so keen of them . 
  eu is not overpopulated . 
  baltics , bulgaria , spain and many others are mostly habitable but sparsely populated . 
  this is already happening in germany and sweden . 
   taxes are the fucking problem , the average income taker in sweden pays in total 54 % taxes in a month this make people lazy - `` why should i negotiate 10 % salary raise if the net increase will be only 3 % ? '' . 
  it also blurs the difference between employed salaried person , and person unemployed on social benefits - the financial situation of both is comparable , so why should i work in the first place ? 
  the migrants probably will take care of the elders but not in the way the elders would like to . 
  we limit access to the cigarettes by putting them into cages and containers without openings !, 
  and stick disgusting photos on them !, 
  someone make sex in eastern germany sexy again . 
  i traveled there and got none - only proves my point . 
  in e.g. 
  germany and czechia a single high earning professional gets only ~ 50 % of the total costs of his salary . 
  we are reaching a situation when people will start to say `` fuck it , no babies and i 'm going into unemployment , now you sponsor me '' . 
  they already are taxed higher . 
  dodgy banking practices and financial services . 
  expensive to the point that it invalidates its attractiveness . 
  can be really xenophobic towards e.g. 
  regular people from post-communist countries or even italy , while it welcomes worst dictators and criminals and their families with open arms . 
  then there is this `` neutrality '' thing - yeah , sure - who would bomb or invade the treasury ? 
  gib oil money, 
   every citizen is required to register himself  then those guys tell the gez - a private company - that you registered/moved to this address why i can not block sharing of this information ? 
  my address data is leaking like 20 years old vw leaks oil while all germans around me yell `` privacy , privacy !, 
   european broadcasting service let me guess - together with european broadcasting fee and european wide collection agency ? 
  i see what you are up to . 
  fuck no . 
   and when pluralistic media independence disappears in countries such as poland and hungary stop this circle jerking . 
  polish media are not any more biased or `` dependend '' from something than german , british , french , or italian ones . 
  just my funny observation about germany . 
  every most trivial communication is send there by post . 
  electronic communication has no legitimacy according to them . 
  occasionally , companies throw in additional paper leaflets bragging how ecological and `` green '' they are ( sic ) . 
  then there is poland , getting lots of bad press recently because of the air pollution ( although different kind of it ) , pollutes proportionally to its population and economy size . 
  once i had a very loose pseudo-political discussion with some arabs and they shared this idea . 
  many would be happier if israel was established in the old prussia or in one of the allied occupation zones . 
  i do n't think there is much of original architecture left there after wwii and communism ... 
  how convenient , is n't it ? 
   polish death camps go repeat the lie and we 'll get into the vaults one by one . 
  polish media speculate the vault is in switzerland . 
  polish authorities admit the painting is deposited and has `` an owner '' although do n't reveal the location . 
   that they are concerned about their privacy ? 
  in this case previewing the street view should be blocked in austria and germany . 
  if they value their `` privacy '' , they should respect the `` privacy '' of others , right ? 
  i 'm not aware of any initiatives in these countries requesting to block the service for them . 
   seriously you need to get your head out of your arse . 
  you seem like a lovely person . 
   firstly this is austria we are talking in both countries , the reasons seem to be of the same nature . 
   then they should vote for someone who says he is going to scrap the laws necessary impossible . 
  in germany voting for anything else than what already there is , is dumb and literally nazi . 
  maybe ... the citizens want it ? 
  that 's why , although ( some ) reparations are paid , the slogan `` gib wwii reparations '' is so catchy for media and many politicians - it resonates with the victims ' perception . 
  such a service would never be provided by german or austrian authorities . 
  the sap+s iemens would win the bid . 
  it would take decades and hundreds of millions of euro . 
  there would be more lawyers involved than gis and software specialists counted together ... and it would require flash + silverlight ( in 2027 ) . 
   not sure we gave it back to the jews , though ... that 's the case with german reparations as well . 
  they just threw the money at the problem with no interest or verification whether any victims got even a penny out of it . 
  let me tell you - they have no interest in clarifying any uncertainties ( e.g. 
  `` missing '' [ raphael 's painting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portrait_of_a_young_man_\\ ( raphael \\ ) ) is believed to be `` somewhere '' in a vault in switzerland ) . 
  * \\ - hey , we want to do street view in your place !, 
  * * \\ - sure , just change architecture of your system , give us some extra freebies - and you can do this for us for free * * \\ - ermm ... what about you go fuck yourself ? 
   `` switzerland never gave back the jews ' gold from ww2 '' did they ? 
  sounds impossible technically . 
  what budget austria 's authorities guaranteed to implement these ? 
  eastern european burglars obviously, 
  the german `` privacy '' laws and regulations have many most ridiculous outcomes and none of them i would call a privacy in a common sense meaning of it . 
  it 's their mentality - `` only stare , do n't show '' . 
  why austrians oppose street view ?
