  37 years ago, 
  v4 are in eu and i 'm talking about eu ? 
  v4 countries do not wish to have it , do not have it , and them not wanting it does n't lead to more terrorism . 
  i meant mostly separatism ( north of ireland , north-east of spain ) which virtually vanished . 
  islamic terrorism is `` imported '' and could be cut off if eu had will , far-right/neonazis it 's just vandalism/hooliganism ( well , except breivik ) and it applies to far-left/antifa as well . 
  in the last 1-2 decades there has been almost no domestic eu terrorism, 
  who will be wiping your butt , germany ? 
  so we are witnessing the birth of domestic eu terrorism ? 
  thanks germans/greeks !, 
  with more and more wealth concentrating in dach+l uxembourg corporations/companies/industries / economies i do n't see the situation soothing anytime soon unfortunately ... 
  oh and i forgot austrians . 
  we are not your `` brothers in crime '' , no . 
   should check maus  the americans are dogs who save the jewish mice from the german cats . 
  the most notorious german concentration and death camps were liberated by soviets , it 's a comic by american publisher so i 'm not surprised at all . 
  in terms of helping jews , the americans did almost nothing . 
  someone answer me why this narrative `` poles were in the jews-killing business together with germans '' is promoted so insistently by american and german publishers and media ? 
  the historical facts hurt you , my dear americans and germans ? 
  we will remind you the truth you can count on us . 
  one does n't become the richest on the continent/world by paying well . 
  i 'm not surprised by this , ikea has history of exploitive behaviours ( manufacturies behind the iron curtain during communism , buying forests in eastern europe ) . 
  seriously , fuck your scandinavian `` way of living '' , `` design '' , and choke with your * k\u00f6ttbullar * . 
  stop being poor , pay your debts , buy our stuff . 
  * ~ germany & switzerland *, 
  i would invest all my money in a property in vienna . 
  profit guaranteed , it 's not going to get any cheaper !, 
  in this case berlin * really * does n't exist . 
   generally 4k + for 1 m2 is so brutal for ownership stop being so poor , please . 
  for `` expats '' it 's a steal . 
  my hint is to avoid the `` best '' and `` most liveable '' places at all cost . 
  the rents and property prices went there through the roof long time ago . 
  one simply can not afford to live there . 
  good place for property speculators and property rental agencies who will sub-sub-sub-subrent a dark lair with the view at the backyard - then one does n't care how `` liveable '' the city as a whole is . 
  as for the german cities - remember to bring your own water tap when you move in . 
  we are in the same `` group '' with sweden . 
  just do n't think we 're gay or something - they secretly want to be like us . 
  did you or any member of you family enslave an african ? 
  is your company going to avoid taxes ? 
  do you have diabetes ? 
  edit bonus which is bigger - your mortgage or student loan ? 
  do you have any outstanding medical bills ? 
  when it comes to property market in uk , both renting and buying , i do n't see a single thing beneficial for an employed professional in his/her 20s/30s . 
  it 's fucked up entirely and beyond repair . 
   also poland received way more money than other former communist eu members also per capita ? 
  poland is the former communist eu member with the biggest population . 
  joining nato was essential for current stability and relative well being of the country . 
   just after the end of the cold war only half of this time poland has been in eu . 
  not everything good and not entire development in poland has happened thanks to eu and our most generous neighbor . 
  not everywhere people are as nice as in sweden , but i 'm glad you 've found friendly and accepting place in your life . 
   travel to the ukraine to find out how much poland profits from the single market . 
  ... and from not being invaded by russia , and from not having huge russian minority , and from not having oligarchs . 
  your comparison is irrelevant , sorry . 
  did n't know this . 
  in this case americans are just exploitive assholes . 
   with mr hollande saying that richer western nations were helping to pay for poland 's development . 
  polish consumers are helping to sustain fortunes of german and french individuals and families by buying in their retail chains and buying their car brands . 
  polish taxpayers also indirectly subsidize them in form of various tax breaks . 
  what 's his point ? 
  [ for me it 's not funny at all ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ), 
   while most citizens of eu countries can travel to the united states without a visa , those from bulgaria , croatia , cyprus , poland and romania must still obtain one . 
  citizens of these countries applying for b1/b2 visa get it by default for 10 years and permit to stay for 6 months on arrival to usa , so paradoxically they can travel to usa more comfortably and stay longer than countries within vwp . 
  there is range of problems with b1/b2 though . 
  americans are notorious for refusing the visa to certain demographics - are you studying/just graduated and thinking about seeing usa during gap year ? 
  forget about it , only if you volunteer to slave under work & travel program . 
  then there is humiliating application process ( pay to make an appointment at the embassy , passport sent back by regular letter , etc - practices which remind american prison ) . 
  please do n't drink and post . 
  good . 
  let 's , for a change , talk on the eu forum about important issues . 
  it 's kaczy\u0144ski , not tusk you dummies . 
  your idol left you . 
  honestly ? 
  i do n't know ... 
  had no idea that fish smokehouses can push innovation ahead so much, 
  that 's some serius blame shifting right there . 
  still i think it was germans ' fault . 
  there is a chance that , with catastrophe approaching , venice will be affordable for a while to visit , 
   i 'm not sure what do you mean with abortions , it 's more of a political/social issue ? 
  this is the most vocal healthcare related issue in poland , while other more essential do n't even reach the public debate . 
  the healthcare - both diagnostics and interventions/surgery waiting times are atrocious . 
  the 8 year life expectancy gap between genders could be fixed to the eu standards ( 3-4 years ) by better healthcare but yeah - abortions are the top priority apparently . 
  stress , weather , bad diet , no activities , women - regardless what media are saying , the things like salaries , sex ratio on management positions , education , etc are among most equal in europe and in the world , while some other things ( retirement age ! , divorce regulations ) blatantly favor them . 
  then there is the job market - a man in his 50s or 60s loosing his job has often only one choice . 
   on the other hand czech republic would suffer immensely if they 've left the eu and lost all access to the single market . 
  czech import partners : germany 29.5 % , poland 7.7 % , ... czech export partners : germany 31.8 % , slovakia 9.1 % , ... you do n't need access to single market - a one sided , submissive deal with germany would n't significantly worsen your situation . 
  you are sitting on the lap of an older german man , young czech lady  god forbid tighter cooperation with your other neighbors . 
  they do n't need to assimilate , they are europeans , they are in home, 
  italy and germany are gerontocracies with aging societies . 
  they need post-communist eu countries more than they think and more than they would like to admit . 
  it might be that in 10-20 years the only ones guarding their advantageous economical position will be a bunch of elderly lawyers and eastern eu will not want to subcontract producing parts to their mobility scooters for lowest wages possible . 
  if you do n't wait , expect to be left behind . 
   either that or they are n't making obscene profits at your expense i do n't claim they are making obscene profits . 
  it 's more good enough profits with very low effort ( geographical proximity , tax and other rebates by local governments and authorities ) , also having significant market share in a country can potentially have higher value in the future . 
  stop this free market smartassery right now !, 
  i have no knowledge either competence in running a supermarket or massive scale import of consumer goods . 
  why you just dont become a renown surgeon or movie star and dont start earning lots of money ? 
  it 's easy to praise the free market bollocks as long as one is not on the short end of the stick . 
  the point is there is no alternative , nowhere else to go and buy . 
  local alternatives has been often taken over or choked into bankruptcy . 
  ... and everything is smoothly passed from generation to generation ... is there any heritage tax payed ? 
  because the choice of peasants is : first take a mortgage to have a place to live and then return the property on reverse mortgage to have a decent retirement . 
  born naked , eat tat , die naked .
