  you revert the direct debit transaction - be prepared for extra charges and collection agency . 
  how to prevent them from bullying me into direct debit ( * lastschrift * ) ? 
   change your operator then ? 
  example from germany : two years contract , resignation notice period 3 months , resignation by letter ... oh and direct debit as the only payment method allowed . 
  a day will come when vodafone , tmobile and other scammy and extortive telecoms will go to hell . 
   some americans uneducated [ american president in office , during the ceremony ] ( https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office/2012/05/29/remarks-president-presidential-medal-freedom-ceremony ) of decorating post-mortem [ jan karski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_karski ) with presidential medal of freedom . 
   certain american jewish lobbies anti-defamation league with their [ `` anti-semitic ranking '' ] ( http://global100.adl.org/#map/eeurope ) regularly placing poland among the most anti-semitic countries . 
   what could go wrong ? 
  terrible and dangerous things : people posting stuff , saying things , communicating with each other , browsing websites , or - god forbid - torrenting !, 
  russians were mostly interested in infrastructure from nazi german occupied territory . 
  entire railways , power plants , manufactures were `` evacuated '' ... and for some weird unexplained reason wristwatches were very attractive for them ... 
   lots of art was plundered in both our countries i do n't care what was plundered from the country as a result of the war the same country started . 
   do you really want to compare them ? 
  you may not like the result . 
  please go ahead . 
  i do n't think the value of all stolen cars consist even a fraction of wwii loot hidden currently on german soil . 
   but many nazis and their descendants are not this willing of self-reflection ... and they are untouchable , covered by various `` privacy '' laws , often rehabilitated during the decades following the wwii . 
  modern day germans are more preoccupied with imaginary nazis . 
  there is this joke known in poland * visit germany , treasures of your grandparents are already there . 
  thanks magda, 
  stop reposting . 
   porn industry that 's not how babies are made , silly . 
  imagine all these sexy opportunities and no risk of unwanted pregnancy !, 
  funny that 's over squats and evictions . 
  the rental market in germany/switzerland has become so cutthroat in terms of upfront costs ( rent , furnishing , deposit ) , notice periods ( 3 fucking months ) , and documents required to `` apply '' that it became impossible for a young professional . 
  one whether works around the system ( squats , social housing ) , or sinks in tons of money , time , and nerves on dealing with exploitive , invasive , and predatory scum . 
  these countries are paradises for feudal lords , if you are or want to become one - invest in property there !, 
  that will be # 40 . 
  thank you come again . 
   moreover , since the euro crisis , more people from the south of europe are going to germany as do people from central and eastern europe ... and many of them are really irritated by the fact that they sponsor german elders while their very own parents and grandparents are stuck in home countries receiving inferior services sponsored by separate budget than the one they contribute to ( `` solidarity '' ) . 
  i simply do n't see this trend of eu nationals migrating to germany continuing , but rather reverting . 
   they will not be the hardest to integrate . 
  they are eu citizens , there is single market . 
  they do n't have to integrate , they are at home ( another thing is that germany currently treats eu citizens worse than middle easterners without any documents ) . 
  city centers are nice , shiny , full unesco certified and all , but who with local salary can afford to live there ? 
  economic difficulties , mostly old population , sex ratio disproportion among young population , now influx of even more 20-30 years old males from an alien culture - not exactly relaxing environment . 
  i have no idea what else the rest of germany was expecting ... are you planning to turn the entire former eastern germany into a virgin primeval forest ? 
  once you dig out entire coal from there of course ... 
  that 's hilarious . 
  terrorism in germany does n't threat the population or tourism because of `` statistical irrelevance '' , but `` xenophobic '' * ossi * s can turn entire freaking economy down ? 
  switzerland and austria are xenophobic as well and people go there so the problem likely lies somewhere else . 
  also there is no such a region as * ostdeutschland * so if someone is xenophobic , it 's entire germany . 
  it 's not cheap at all already ... and george clooney does n't get married often enough . 
    some americans uneducated  the uneducated   certain american jewish lobbies  the jews   some german media companies  the germans spot three differences . 
  some americans uneducated in this topic , certain american jewish lobbies , also some german media companies , yes . 
  i 'm going to burn entire brown coal on the european plain while yelling at the top of my lungs `` green , eco , renewables ! '', 
  as a smokescreen . 
  * ~ germany *, 
  i always felt more latino than polish . 
  eastern european chicks are hysterical when i talk with them , and when i start to dance they faint ... 
  what 's in your wine that it makes so many people radicalize ? 
  or maybe it 's because they do n't drink wine ? 
  i want to see the almanac hidden in a safe behind a desk in his office . 
  american businesses are very eager to hire specialists there for 30-40k usd instead of 70-100k usd without bothering with h1b visas . 
  `` eastern europe '' ( v4 countries + ro , bg ) fall into the `` life is cheaper here '' trap . 
  things are not cheaper there - they are shittier . 
  lower quality ingredients , lower percentage of meat in meat , chocolate in chocolate , clothes made of worse quality materials , new cars are equipped with less accessories , etc. 
  ... and this bullshit reasoning `` yeah the salaries are miserable , but life is cheaper '' - no , it 's fucking not . 
  compare rent prices in berlin , warsaw , krakow , and prague . 
  for prague 250-350 czk per square meter , is n't it ? 
  surprise - in berlin the rent is at the same level . 
  then of course there are munich , london , paris , zurich - completely different level of ridiculousness . 
  one greedy assholes chase other rich greedy assholes . 
  who cares ? 
  let them eat each other . 
  had he paid on time , the shipyard would cash the oligarch money with full discretion . 
  bloody spaniards with their sun and clear blue sky ... 
   millenials are the first post-war generation to have it financially worse off in the west than the previous generation it 's not true for `` millenials '' from post-communist countries . 
  our grandparents ? 
  they `` worked '' ( ehem ... were enslaved ) in germany as well . 
  our parents ? 
  hungary ' 56 , czechoslovakia ' 68 , poland ' 81 - ' 83 , etc. . . 
  i would say the problem is we work in richer eu countries paying for their well being , sponsoring their bloated social systems and aging societies , while having very limited opportunities to contribute in home countries . 
  living in a country where everything ( politics , internet , services , infrastructure , social system ) is catered for 50-70 years olds is infuriating but the same specialist job will still pay 30-40 % less in czechia or poland . 
  all this while essential costs ( rent ! ), 
  will be the same . 
  quite condescending ... porn can be disgusting as well but i 'll not post any links . 
  by `` traveling '' you mean changing the country/city to start another job ? 
   they still can not be forced out from the rented property , because that would be against the interest of the child good for hungary , because in some eu countries in such situation the children can be taken away from parents . 
  eu is not overpopulated . 
  spain is not overpopulated . 
  salaries are shit , total contributions are high . 
  to get even half decent job one has to move to big cities where renting anything livable costs little fortune . 
  then there is inferiority complex of post-communist countries - while a man from de/fr/es / it etc. 
  will find a partner in a post-communist country , a man from post-communist country has zero chance of finding a partner in a richer eu country ( where he goes for career ) . 
   `` unemployed '' , so i pay 170 $ every month for health insurance  and , no , i can not go on welfare , because i foolishly saved up money in advance . 
  :p that 's the problem with `` generosity '' of german social care system . 
  it screws badly those working or being able to manage their finances and savings . 
  i was talking about germany , silly . 
  in poland the healthcare is a cruel joke . 
  no prob, 
  `` free '' as paid by those employed, 
  they are a legend . 
  they knew how to fuck up everything . 
   independent greater poland nao !, 
  no * autonomia * for greater poland . 
  i 'm reporting you to * jaros\u0142aw * . 
   yes but bohemia was not a czech nation state . 
  bohemia region = = czech region . 
  pretty much the cradle of czech people .
