  yeah in summer it 's ice chocolate frapuccino, 
  not heritage !, 
  a pole , italian , spaniard . 
  native polish , italian , spanish speaker . 
  oftentimes not speaking german because the corporate language is english . 
  highly qualified specialist coming to germany purely for better opportunity with no intention to stay long term neither to change the surname into more german sounding . 
  i mean non-german eu citizens , specialists , educated in their home countries . 
  engineers , designers , software architects , data scientists . 
  it 's a very condescending attitude claiming that pole in germany is kuba working on assembly line . 
  the italian guy is a waiter serving pizza in bmw canteen according to you ? 
  if they decrease the salaries , their already inflated industry and economy will become even richer and even more powerful . 
  a deadlock , one might say . 
  `` we brain drain half of the eu '' --  that 's the common market , what 's the problem ? 
  `` we have to harmonize things because everything goes through germany and oftentimes stays there '' --  that 's our money !, 
  ours !, 
  ours !, 
   mexican buys a german car rather than a spanish one ? 
  german cars are increasingly designed and developed by spanish , italian , and polish `` expats '' in germany . 
  i find danish way of living adorable . 
  happiness is really about simple things : warm blanket , cup of hot chocolate , good book , bombing a school . 
  you are late to work !, 
  we want royal baby !, 
  --  this is very funny joke < --, 
  so maybe french-german ... royal baby ? 
  german chancellor needs a successor and new french president has particular taste ... 
  denmark is hygge , not cheap, 
  danish and german authorities want to revert their households to use widmills, 
  i do n't think the passengers can distinguish between boeing and airbus planes they fly in . 
  defence means nato for many eu countries . 
  colliding microscopic blobs with high energy does n't excite anyone anymore ( and the internet has been taken over by media and ad companies ) . 
  we need a symbol which will make people understand that the union is omnipresent , benevolent , and generous - the one who figures it out will be the president . 
  electricity for private use will soon become a luxury in germany ... perhaps should be provided by authorities after previous disclosure of all electric devices in the household ? 
  - just giving an idea , 
  what will be this symbolic `` european success '' - french-german car , electric bicycle , frozen yogurth ? 
  in the past the `` european success '' was rather french-british ( e.g. 
  chunnel , concorde ) . 
  germany in 2004 : gtfo post-communist peasants, 
  and for every dollar one earns in oslo , one gets 0.5 dollar net after deductions , 
  italy and greece had the problem with massive influx of people by the sea from maghreb and middle east for over a decade now . 
  nobody had cared until they decided to simply reroute the people northwards indiscriminately . 
  ee has fortunate borders ? 
  tell me about it . 
  * 's * is among the most confusing things in this bloody language, 
   they 'll have to watch the shitty little screens of the onboard entertainment system . 
  entertainment system with shitty touch screens , so that someone will always be hitting their seat for the entire fucking flight, 
  it 's not all european countries , it 's couple of very particular european countries . 
  us has no problem cutting one particular country out from e.g. 
  vwp , so why it applies to entire europe in this case ? 
  the internet-era-social-network celebrity peasants could learn so much from her, 
   merkel 's a strategic follower this means that there exist a follower who is for some reason strategic for merkel , in short the apostrophe here suggests possessive form , not a contraction . 
  the correct form would be `` merkel is a strategic follower '' . 
  not that it matters much , i 'm just bored at work . 
  the fact that young people crash their cars more often does n't mean that me while being young will do it as well , so yes it is juvephobic, 
  my pleasure, 
   that you have to leave the eu for that . 
  i would welcome this as well not at all , you can discriminate against post-communist countries without leaving the eu . 
  contempt deeply rooted in the society , bunch of skillful lawyers , and handful of bad will are perfectly sufficient . 
  ehem ... romania used to be second world . 
  ( western ) germany first , romania second . 
  maybe , if the brand attracts so many douches , this is the brand 's manifest ? 
  huh ?!, 
  being in eu and schengen area makes it easier for us to deal with such cases and with assholes advocating such practices . 
  yeah i missed this one - eastern europeans are are not only car thieves - they are salty and butthurt car thieves !, 
  well , * boufon * is a french word, 
  germans , austrians , and swiss entering poland should the thoroughly checked for old furniture , paintings , gold , books , and jewelry . 
  nothing personal , just following well founded experience to better our outcome and lessen our work . 
  i do n't drive bmw anyways , it 's a car brand for thieves , criminals , those corrupt , and assholes . 
  welcome to germany , where gypsies have minority status and privileges and the pickpocketers and thieves are poles and romanians . 
  as an `` eastern european '' you will get `` special '' treatment in germany and that 's why i got the fuck out of this `` benevolent '' and `` inclusive '' joke of a country . 
  german service providers , insurers , landlords , security etc conveniently ignore that there are 28 countries in the eu and their citizens can freely move to live and work between them . 
  what 's even more funny - they will always explain you thoroughly why they have the right to treat you in an inferior way , you do n't like it ? 
  call police or lawyer - good luck !, 
   he was treated decently and friendly funny because this is not how the slaves from the east were treated in germany, 
  yup , in my family there are stories of young males/females taken to germany as slaves and then killed in an allied/soviet bombing . 
  they were not warned beforehand as the native population , there was no place for them in the shelters . 
  pow camps in germany ( or territories occupied ) were not lethal , but oftentimes resulted with nasty lung diseases . 
  being taken to `` work '' for german agriculture and industry were more likely to result in death or at least serious psychological or physical abuse . 
  conveniently there is no owner, 
  well dunno mate , there is an american guy sitting next to me in the office and i work in glorious and benevolent eu . 
  employer is kind , employer is generous , employer is merciful, 
  you 'll have hard time convincing anyone in central europe or israel about the wwii related paragraph . 
  6.7 / 10 happy . 
  how americans give a birth ? 
  afternoon after work but before morning 's standup ? 
  do they have to take a loan to give a birth ? 
  the more one learns about sweden the more it 's recalling `` the girl with the dragon tattoo '' movie than a top-of-all-rankings paradise . 
  powerful families with dark secrets , `` social care '' which serves to pick up the vulnerable and abuse them . 
  what a cute idyllic mountainous city . 
  let 's burn the heretic here !, 
  funny that another one is portugal , about which people complain heavily in this thread , 
  first time i see floor plan in london with dimensions in meters ( !!! ) . 
  but yeah , mostly have an experience with flat shares from gumtree . 
  then stop selling maltese residence in an exchange for an investment in a property . 
  that might help stopping the prices . 
  i do n't believe it 's in london . 
  in there the square area is never specified and one can never calculate what 's the actual prize/m ^ 2 . 
  the size of the apartment is usually described by an adjective `` lovely '' or `` cozy '' . 
   more benefits for families will encourage people to have kids like one week of paternal leave ? 
  yet the property rental and acquisition prices here are skyrocketing ... `` it 's going to be only more expensive '', 
  no problem * polen * , now go back picking up asparagus and today you 'll have to stay longer .
