  it 's the complex coming from the derogatory attitude of germans towards poles . 
   he owes them a lot  there are concerns they could benefit from his presidency . 
  oh this is not a problem . 
  in germany it 's better not to be `` concerned '' . 
  as the * gl\u00fchwein * is very popular in germany , i thought * grzane piwo * is popular as well ( who drinks cold beer at -10 temperature ?! ) . 
  when i asked for * grzane piwo * ( * gl\u00fchbier * ? ), 
  in berlin , they had no idea what i 'm talking about ... 
  so after the elections the `` you are more likely to die in a car accident '' argument will come back ? 
  i was born and lived there . 
  ama . 
  i 've noticed that on the german airports ( or at least berlin 's airports ) the security check is not done by public servants but by a private security company . 
  sometimes they behave like security in a night club and some of them are dumb primitives . 
  btw if the woman was n't brown the incident would n't make it to the bbc . 
   privacy laws also apply to nazi guards luckily in this area the german `` privacy laws '' are impotent . 
  sue us . 
  like leberwurst, 
  lech should quit his pills . 
  ... and germans themselves spill over to the neighboring german-speaking countries . 
  this looks like american `` geography '' . 
   european accomplishment from 1400-1950 austro-hungary ( existing only during 1867 -- 1918 ) on the 5th place . 
  who was the pioneer and explorer who as the first reached the highest peak of denmark ? 
  then who is harvesting the identity and address data of the entire population ( or rather only of the legal and law abiding part of it ) , sending letters , and collecting the money ? 
  i 'm glad there are scenarios where this is working and helping someone !, 
  just outsource tracking of migrants to the same company which collects tv license in germany . 
  somehow , they always find a way to identify a person . 
   soviets rebuilt historic old town of warsaw no ... no no no no . 
  no no no no nope nope, 
  try to stand idle for couple of minutes in the main hall of naples ' train station - scammers everywhere , road traffic , in naples first time in my life i saw a dog excrement mounted vertically on the facade of a building . 
  naples is an insane place . 
  sex-shop metro station would be among least surprising actually . 
  [ i 'm looking at you , op !, 
  ~ ~ a very nice , but purely theoretical right . ~ ~, 
  the regions with most working age population have ridiculously low salaries , yes . 
  in a situation when one have both parents with income and an accommodation provided , it does n't make any sense to work actually ( neets , bamboccioni - you name it ) . 
  there are american military bases in poland ? 
  remember that this new president guy is descendant of german immigrants, 
  because it 's from the economist , not politico . 
  pray brother, 
  in the inaugural speech he was talking about how america makes other countries rich . 
  no wealth leaves america and offshore profits are tightly funneled to a dozen of american [ families ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wealthiest_families ) and [ individuals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_world's_billionaires ) . 
  even listening to this was an embarrassment . 
  that mediterranean diet works in the mediterranean , it does n't mean it would yield the same results up north , in a different climate . 
  so citizens of czechia are ... czechians ? 
  this is a good example of what happens when non-native english speakers are trying to create a catchy name for something in english . 
  it should probably be `` one market '' , `` united markets '' , or `` harmonized markets '' . 
  the average cost for prague was probably skewed by various dodgy establishments in the area from * v\u00e1clavsk\u00e9 n\u00e1m\u011bst\u00ed * to * karl\u016fv most * . 
  anywhere else the costs are comparable to warsaw . 
  switzerland is the synonym of deadly boring and and extortionately expensive . 
  it 's like belarus but better maintained and hundreds times more expensive . 
  looks annoyed and irritated - which proves he 's more polish than french  side note - who knows what else one could find in countless swiss archives , vaults , and bunkers ... 
  i 'm talking about berlin , car torching is very common there . 
   send secret police to their headquarters like tusk did in poland when he did n't like what they were posting about his dirty business interestingly when that happen no one in eu raised any objections regarding media freedom in poland . 
  my favorite thing in berlin 's `` political scene '' is torching a car as a political manifest , or ignoring begging and scamming mafias `` because history '' . 
  i just hope they 'll not introduce another quasi-tax ( see tv license ) to sponsor this thing , or i 'll manage to move out from germany before they do . 
  in european countries east from the iron courtain political terrorism was not a thing and hopefully will not become . 
  this is not how we do things here . 
  you are a funny person, 
  no , i 'm saying that germany is experiencing terrorism of all possible backgrounds . 
  so currently germany hosts active far-right , far-left , and muslim terrorist . 
  plus occasionally `` regular '' criminals blow up something . 
  what a mess . 
  i have a finnish colleague who got stabbed in finland by another finn , so checks out . 
   unless we can switch our economy model to produce more high-added value products , we wo n't be escaping the middle income trap either . 
  it 's gon na be interesting to see whether we or other cee countries will manage to do it . 
  personally i 'm also a bit sceptical about it , but we 'll see . 
  what 's the secret czech strategy to achieve this ? 
  i have an impression that currently for anything more advanced and for increasing the salaries you rely on companies with headquarters in germany and us . 
  the import/export dependency of cee countries on germany is already too high . 
  i always have mixed feeling when i see civilians welcoming foreign army on their soil . 
  what are they supposed to hack ?!, 
  everything essential is sent by traditional post in germany . 
  the infrastructure of deutsche telekom will collapse on itself , no need of malicious actors . 
  [ you must be new here ] ( http://www.zanzu.de/en/themes/sexuality ) . 
  sponsored by generous german taxpayers . 
  this can turn from lots of fun into a terrible tragedy anytime . 
  they publish guides on sexual life and on marriage ... so just like some eu countries ? 
  it just gives an idea how futile this educational attempt is ( `` they will appreciate our , better , ways '' ) and how wasted the taxpayer money are . 
  oh sweden , sweet summer child . 
  i 'm fine with poland being much lower in the ranking though , it 's much warmer and cosier here . 
  the greater good, 
  would you like a cup of hot chocolate with it ? 
  businesses need employers , how is apartment rental market in stockholm going ? 
  checks out for poland . 
  there is a plague of private hospitals , practices , insurances , and doctors/surgeons working 36 hours/day ( multiple contracts ) . 
  waiting times for specialist or surgery in months . 
  how anyone survives in good health is beyond me ... wait ... they do n't because suicide rate , especially among males , is among highest in the world . 
  the next couple of years in germany will be fascinating ... and then the demographic peak of current 50-60 years olds will retire . 
  the perspective is pretty uphill . 
  so romantic, 
  what if authorities recognize two classes of people ? 
  towards the first ( eu citizens , legal immigrants ) are very nosy and invasive . 
  towards the other they do n't even ask for legitimate documents , neither verify their identity . 
  at some point lying might become just a plain human self-defence . 
  hold on lithuania , you are guilty too, 
  sometime in the xvii century ? 
  probably during our `` love affair '' with your vasa dynasty . 
  too many of these countries count because poland was allied with napoleonic france ( hoping to reestablish poland ) , which was already after partitions so at that time the country technically did n't exist . 
  belarus < 3 , denmark - you are ok . 
  all these while law-abiding , taxpaying residents in germany are hounded by * meldegesetz * . 
  maybe not necessarily so heavyweight , but some serious and lethal deterrent would certainly help .
