  it does n't show interiors of your basements , only fronts of the buildings !, 
   it 's okay as long as you grit your teeth and carry on with your shit , w/o tuning in to the media for too long . 
  so it 's exactly like living in the role-model-eco-humanitarian powerhouse of germany . 
  we 'll never adapt the dutch ways of land reclamation . 
  in poland it would be unthinkable . 
  dunno , in the usual evil german way, 
  so we are teasing each other but overall we 're friends and all ? 
  ^ increase ^ ^ salaries ^ ^ ^ please . 
  ctrl + c , ctrl + v motherfucker , do you use it ? 
   just looking at the car insurance netherlands and denmark are not any better in this regard . 
  people ride bicycles there not because they like it but because that 's all they can afford . 
  i 'm really tired of hearing how cheap czechia or poland are . 
  maybe public transport , cigarettes - only bunch of things really . 
  food can be cheap in poland but the cheapest is indigestible for a human being . 
  things necessary for daily life like clothes ( winter clothes !, 
  ) , electronics , cars and countless others - one pays the same price as in germany or even more . 
  can we please increase the salaries in post-communists eu countries so they do n't have to work in germany ? 
  thank you . 
   evil evil taxes you are arguing against something i did n't say, 
  this gere guy should reside in germany for couple of years and pay all taxes and contributions here - i would love to hear his opinion afterwards . 
   solar plants  interesting how much less they provide in winter how is it surprising ? 
  do you live in germany ? 
  just look out through the window . 
  ... and how much from the conventional is brown coal ? 
   `` angela ka\u017amierczak '' i wonder what 's up with the fact that so many poles after arriving to germany drop their original surnames so swiftly, 
  there is no * \u0142 * or * \u0144 * on a german keyboard - do n't expect too much from hardheaded . 
  at least they got the characters in the correct order this time . 
  i wish polish media would `` accidently '' misspell german names , words , and start ignoring the umlauts * mekrel * , * agnela * , * brelin * , * deutcshaldn * , * bundesgat * . 
  no , she does n't - it was a regular visit, 
  are you suggesting that there are no high-tech vacancies in radom ? 
   every doctor is a sociopath for helping random people i thought i need a health insurance for it ... let 's do an experiment - while residing in germany cease to pay the health insurance and try visiting a doctor . 
  historical compensation , virtue signalling , and following some weird reasons while disregarding the historical context ( `` we were refugees once as well '' ) . 
  poland - have n't lived there for too long now , but when i visit the driving culture is atrocious and the car is the default mode of transport and commute . 
  consumer rights and buying physical/material stuff is a terrible experience ( look up in germany for a good example , well ... except online payments ) . 
  disgusting and insistent advertisements of medicines and pseudo-medical products ( the health care is very bad , people are desperate and uninformed , so the hienas from pharmacological and chemical industries have their prosperity period ) . 
  germany - i do n't know where to start , e.g. 
  service providers are predatory ( two year contracts , 3 months notice periods , cancellation by letter , bullying the customers into direct debit ) and could learn from polish ones . 
  no answer for overpriced and bloated social , health , and retirement systems - only additional weights are added onto them ( i want to see how it 'll work in 10 years ) . 
  basically the only thing keeping me here is engineer salary . 
  the refugee industry . 
  advisors , mentors , lawyers , security staff , volunteers are getting employed and paid . 
  it 's not about the refugees themselves , silly . 
  we do n't care what you consider a `` legitimate issue '' regarding poland , as you do n't care what we consider important issues regarding germany ( e.g. 
  migrant crisis vs hysteria about `` democracy crisis '' in poland ) . 
  it 's not a dialog , that 's for sure . 
   so you can scream and demand as loud and as much as you want  and now you can accuse me of being the typical arrogant and condescending german next time germans will moan about `` far right '' winning , `` media freedom '' , or `` democracy crisis '' in poland , we should say exactly this - stop throwing a tantrum and fuck off . 
   do n't you guys have actual issues to protest against in poland ? 
  this is irrelevant . 
  at the point i 'm forced to sponsor your tv i demand my nationality and home country not being associated with the camps in a context of who created and run them . 
  so then ... falklands are argentinian ? 
  it 's a race to the bottom i guess . 
  we 'd exchange the former camps for aqueducts anytime and let someone else deal with this `` heritage '' . 
   zdf one of the major tv stations in germany called nazi german concentration camp `` polish '' there are ~ 2 million of poles in germany . 
  extorted to pay the tv license to sponsor this joke of a tv . 
  one would expect more respect and consideration . 
  we should remind them the truth until they will cry like children in a corner of a dark room . 
   germany does not get someone like trump as chancellor what about the chancellor who is now executive in a gazprom subsidiary ? 
  was he more competent and reputable than trump ? 
  that 's the german way of dealing with opposition and with things which are not in line with their ways of doing things . 
  opposition is dumb , idiotic . 
  the terrorist murdered a dozen of people , but hey look - he was a loner , idiot , and * arschloch * so it does n't matter . 
  media , including extortionally expensive public ones , treat audience like children and give them opinions on a plate - only idiot would disagree . 
  deutsche bank is at their service, 
  why greeks just do n't buy new bmws instead of being so salty ? 
  you better buy more . 
  german industry , when hungry , might start hurting innocents . 
  big part fo the eurozone is to poor to buy from germans . 
  post-communist eu countries certainly are . 
  it 's not only this one newspaper . 
  german smugness is peaking . 
  if they decide to `` lead '' the `` free '' and `` democratic '' western world - run . 
  run away . 
  world health organization ? 
  france has been in a permanent state of emergency for over a year now . 
  laughing off the problem does not remove it . 
  do n't be surprised when the next elections will be won by people you do n't like and are afraid of . 
   cashless economy if all the money is virtual points , why not reset them from time to time ? 
  ... aaaaand it 's too late . 
  next maturity exam will be in a year . 
  i wonder if zero or negative interest rates in most of the banks in a country could cause a bank run - when it 's more profitable to keep cash than its virtual representation in the bank . 
  some people just can not stand lawful and valid results of democratic elections . 
  these are the people who are dangerous . 
  is this media sponsored from taxes or from some other compulsory contributions ? 
  i wonder how it 's possible such an inflammable installation was erected in the center of the capital city . 
  when i build a fucking garage on my own plot of land i need tons of permissions from authorities , including firefighters . 
  wtf is breitbart and why some are so obsessed about it ? 
  does it reflect the reality in russia as well ? 
  or do you just watch it as a curiosity ? 
  it 's not about being or playing a victim . 
  it 's about noticing and pointing out when one is treated much worse than one should be treated . 
  interesting trivia . 
  poland and italy mention each other in their national anthems . 
  how being sober and observant is playing the victim ? 
  germans have an idea of multicultural and multilingual society with explicit exclusion of polish culture and language . 
  i 'm not joking . 
  look around in berlin . 
  poles are 1st/2nd biggest foreign nationality there . 
  will you see any courtesy translations in the cash machines , information signs , leaflets ? 
  sooner will you find them in turkish and arabic . 
   on several occasions i 've dealt with germans of polish descent , and all of them seemed very dismissive of the idea of being poles .
