  it was n't so much an invasion but an effort to create north sea empire ( cnuth the great , the last `` viking '' king of england , was quarter polish and quarter czech ), 
  are they romanians or members of the minority which can not be named ? 
  i just rant around do draw away the attention and meanwhile i fetched the wallets of you all, 
   meeting a terrorist is less probable than meeting a eastern european criminal . 
  not everywhere , in e.g. 
  berlin or other independent city with major concentration of mena immigrants it 's debatable at least . 
  for the greater good, 
  not idiots , they are * statistically irrelevant *, 
  ... and your point is ? 
  let 's remove the word `` unintentionally '' from it . 
  you just know better , do n't you ? 
  i 've been in the european cities troubled with terrorist attacks during the very time when the terrorist attacks happened so in fact the the probability that i had met some is pretty high . 
  edit some people just can not stand the probability theory . 
  let 's just redefine what the car accident is and we 'll be safe again . 
  i have no idea what kind of romanians are you hanging out with , but all of them i have met so far in germany are regular and normal folks . 
   you 're far more likely to die in a car accident than a terrorist attack . 
  regular car accident or terrorist attack kind of `` car accident '' ? 
  sure , the only thing they are afraid and concerned about are eastern european thieves and burglars . 
  well certainly a lot of sex is happening in paris , but the details might be disappointing for redditors already planning the trip there , 
   apple computer has vanished !, 
  commodore computer as well , 
  [ consumer fireworks are categorized ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consumer_fireworks#europe ) and access to certain categories of fireworks is limited in some countries . 
  except germany . 
  no , it does n't . 
  in the rest of european streets the fireworks go vertically upwards . 
  in most of europe where fireworks are mostly legal nye is pretty civilized . 
  in countries where access to them is limited except nye , nye is like throwing fireworks and matches into a monkey cage in a zoo ( i 'm looking at you , germany and berlin ) . 
  instead of asking they should tell him to paint it, 
  you think you are smart . 
  i just buy the ticket from the other railway company when e.g. 
  one of the destinations is abroad . 
  50 % of the price without any `` special offers '' and without dealing with any of the deutsche bahn bullshit . 
  if everyone around you is a `` thief '' then maybe it 's not them who is stealing ... 
  i do n't have time to make a phd from pricing and discount plans of deutsche bahn . 
  i just want to get to freaking hamburg/munich/strasbourg / berlin without paying a little fortune . 
  no reason to be so smug from the german side because trains there are not much cheaper than in uk ... for costs reasons a person by default travels by car in both countries . 
   step # 2 should be announcing a `` no assistance '' policy towards anyone drowning outside of the southern italian waters   sighs exasperated for having to repeat this again it 's . 
  a.crime.and . a.pretty.bad.precedent.in.international.law the law is being obviously trolled and exploited here . 
  if there is a ddos attack one cuts it off , not increases the server and computation power . 
  in migrant crisis the islands of malta , sicily , and lampedusa are ( almost ) equally exposed yet people are trafficked mostly to lampedusa and sicily , interesting ... 
  they are literally human traffickers . 
  blonde fetish, 
   brides do n't dance this would be a perfect name for a folk band, 
  whoa , we need an exorcist here !, 
  st. mary had a child with unknown father ( `` god '' ) and nobody asks any questions ( `` virgin conception '' ) yet she becomes divine being ( `` mother of god '' ) . 
  it 's rather a promise of rehabilitation than madonna-whore complex . 
  not in every country there was an inquisition . 
  ( most ) post-communist countries are perfect example how diametrically a country can change within one generation . 
  partially it 's because the west successfully sold them the vision of `` civilization '' and `` europe '' . 
  nowadays the west is convinced they 've equally managed to convince mena immigrants and the signals like this illustrate how wrong they are . 
  i do n't think that working with a knife on daily basis excuses to any degree stabbing someone , because otherwise if i wanted to get away with stabbing i would open a kebab place . 
  incidentally they run mostly kebab places . 
   but they do n't `` assume they 're prostitutes '' . 
  those are tired generalizations . 
  the female is asked by the entrance to the cafe whether she is looking for a man 2 . 
  two females casually standing on the sidewalk immediately provoke a car to stop by and calling through the rolled down window so what do they want from them ? 
  in this case it would take one generation ( ~ 20 years ) to change the situation diametrically , why it 's not happening ? 
  it 's the exact paradox they are facing and which is causing their enormous frustration . 
  what do you mean , in italy ? 
  can you give some examples ? 
  the past of currently or formerly religious european countries is not always as in the community pictured in this material , some countries and regions had/have e.g. 
  very strong cult of st. mary . 
  this joke is dead, 
  rejected by a lady ? 
  let 's stab her . 
  someone stole two bottles from my shop ? 
  stab him . 
  allah is talking to me ? 
  quick , stab someone !, 
  someone put into the `` no touching '' and `` no groping '' educational materials that stabbing people is not an universal solution to every problem . 
  it 's not a solution to any problem at all , actually . 
  slovakia is a female . 
  the `` someone 's slovakia '' meme is funny . 
  oh yes , talk to me dirty, 
  something will boom for sure , not necessarily the italian economy though . 
  migrant routes are dynamic . 
  had the eastern borders loosened up the people would start to pour in . 
   yeah and she does n't even use protection she just plans to get one of them free abortions we love so much in the west . 
  wow , irina is a turbo slut, 
  irina is a slut ? 
  ... at least she is allowed to be if she chooses to , because fatima has to stay in a torn country . 
  incidentally eastern eu border aligns with eastern nato and schengen area borders , so there are multiple layers of protection . 
  in case of lithuania there is baltic air policing ( nato ) , frontex ( eu agency ) , and lithuanian border guard service . 
  i 'm saying that there are no boats coming ( as for now ) from russian territorial waters . 
  poland , lithuania , estonia , and finland ( all are eu and schengen area states ) have a sea border with russia . 
  consistent protection of eu external borders . 
  whether we protect them ( like the eastern ones currently are ) or we do n't bother with them ( like with the southern ones ) . 
  why amir can just jump in on the inflatable boat , but irina has to queue in the embassy and for the border check ? 
  also , amir has been quite naughty recently while irina works legally and pays taxes . 
  that 's a good point . 
  what kind of deal potentially could it be ? 
  poland and baltic states should in 2017 open wide the borders with russia , belarus , and ukraine ( eastern external eu borders ) . 
  let the `` human rights '' race to the bottom go full-scale . 
  is there any more valuable painting on the polish soil ? 
  it 's surely a masterpiece on the local scale . 
  perhaps if someone made an international ranking of countries returning wartime loot , they certainly would want to be on the first place ... 
  * united in diversity * . 
  the intrinsic diversity of european countries . 
  incidentally most of the countries he mentions are european , even members of eu . 
  not the the artificial , corporate , quota-based one , and opposing such `` diversity '' is not nationalism .
