  they just can not stand the possibility of loosing next elections . 
   barking down the wrong comment this is not an idiom . 
  i 'm done with you , troll . 
   you are barking down the wrong comment all people disagreeing with you are `` barking '' ? 
  this threat is about berlin attacker being killed , not an ama with specialist on social care tourism . 
  which of my points are incorrect ? 
  edit i feel the downvote wave already , it 's chilly and refreshing, 
  at this point i 'm not sure whether serious or / s. 
  he is believed to enter the eu through lampedusa and it will be quite hard to extract any information from a dead person . 
  schengen area is not going anywhere . 
  those from the european side helping to smuggle the people from the tunisian and other coasts are the opposite of hateful , also quite educated and qualified . 
  the poor , the hateful and/or the uneducated you are talking about are not even european . 
  this guy took full advantage of the schengen area , pity that its southern external borders virtually do n't exist . 
  not these high-tech thermal goretex things ? 
  european war of terror is basically [ attrition warfare ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attrition_warfare ) . 
  they get 20 of us - we can afford it , we get 20 of them - they can not afford it . 
   if the sides are nearly evenly matched , the outcome of a war of attrition is likely to be a pyrrhic victory . 
  my intention was to provoke reflection , glad it works, 
  late '90s europe did n't know or care who is conchita wurst ... and the chocolate was somehow better, 
   this whole refugee thing yes  free movement in europe no , schengen area has been working since 1995 . 
  there was hardly any problem with it until 2015 . 
   they wo n't get the satisfaction of winning . 
  it 's not a game you morons , there are no winners in this retarded game, 
  those who lost their limbs last monday are certainly more than impressed, 
  google translate [ he had already been detained in italy for four years because he had burnt down a school , the * radio mosaik * reported on wednesday , citing safety circles . 
   ` was jailed in italy for four years for burning down school ' -- as it emerges he was ` due to be kicked out of germany and sent back to tunisia today ' germans take too lightly shuffling people around . 
  they think they can bring people in , kick people out - just like this . 
  arab extremists are not eastern europeans or balkan people , if you try this with them they 'll cut you with machete , blow you up , and drive you over . 
  lesson learned i hope . 
  literally the only thing that poland and turkey have in common is the fact that both are in nato . 
   social media expert til codeword for professional internet troll, 
  the more they will push , the more the support for pis will toughen up - maybe this is their goal ? 
  the help poland does n't need with a problem poland does n't have . 
   `` it was not possible to deport this man because he had no valid id papers on him , '' so it was n't a joke - for a migrant from outside of eu , it 's enough to throw away the documents and the migrant can stay in germany and even travel freely . 
  seems that germany hideously and informally extended schengen area to the entire middle east and northern africa ... and silly romania , croatia , and bulgaria keep applying and bothering with official procedures . 
  i do n't think the authorities confirmed yet that it was a terrorist attack . 
  berlin 's wedding ? 
  ( that 's where supposedly the truck was hijacked from ), 
   the only native-born germans who he could see were those who worked in the firm . 
  around him were only `` muslims '' . 
  checks out , it 's berlin 's wedding . 
  casinos , sport betting places , money wiring places , kebab next to a kebab , and couple of fake italian restaurants . 
   he was called by german police yesterday , but because he does n't speak german well enough , he directed them to the polish police they called polish person based in poland speaking german to him ? 
  dear germans put int into your hard heads we do n't speak your language , as you do n't speak ours . 
   he finds it unimaginable that such a hijacking could occur in the middle of berlin yes it 's outrageous . 
  in germany law abiding and tax paying person can not get away with not paying the tv license , or parking a freaking car incorrectly . 
  here someone steals a lorry , drives it into crowd , and ... they can not find him !, 
  the eur has recently hit 4-5 years highest price against pln . 
  what are you doing , poland ? 
  my original comment from above , which was deleted :  this has been said already so many times . 
  germans are convinced the evil will dilute , blend in , and what we are witnessing are simply the symptoms of this process . 
  they do n't care about lifes of some random folks ( `` people die daily anyway '' , `` statistically irrelevant '' , and my favorite now `` you are more likely to die in a car accident '' ) . 
  at this point all these raise the question - how are they different from the terrorists themselves ? 
   it 's nothing personal or malicious . 
  well it 's my personal time , money , and nerves getting wasted so i consider it malicious . 
  but the victims at least , you got them ? 
  are they real or are they just a spike in the statistics ? 
  ... also aborigens , eskimos , norwegians and probably even chukchi people could do something as terrible as that . 
  what 's your fucking point ? 
  in germany `` the rules '' and `` the law '' are above the common sense and above anyone 's safety . 
  if they can make you wait , they will . 
  if they can make you confused and humiliated , they will as well . 
  as we see from the latest reports , polish maniacs and mentally ill are completely irrelevant in this case . 
   you are more likely to die in a car accident you mean a regular car accident or the terrorist attack kind of a car accident ? 
  oh you cheeki breeki, 
  i see no reason polish driver would do such a thing . 
  could be completely tired/fatigued ( plenty of such incidents on polish roads ) or the truck was stolen/kidnapped . 
  it 's the famous german `` privacy '' . 
  turkey is a total , utter mess, 
  i 'm not an aircraft carrier specialist , but it looks that it removes the debris and warms up ( better adhesion ) the runway . 
  never in polish history there have been large scale slavery of africans in poland . 
  racism in the western , colonial meaning does n't exist in poland . 
  people are getting beaten and robbed like in any other eu country , why the media pay attention only when non-whites non-locals are the victims ? 
  this back patting in the middle of the speech is uncalled for . 
  safe yourself the empty words of gratitude . 
  media in poland are free and yet somehow they decide to display , play , and print mostly advertisements . 
  i have no sympathy for them , sorry . 
  `` subtle '' and `` funny '' ... and this pun - on pair with the german `` po po polen '' `` joke '' . 
  * the hero poland deserves , but not the one it needs right now *, 
  gets his phone stolen 2 . 
  realizes the thief is not an attractive long legged female exhibitionist but a dude 3 . 
  tries to pity the thief dude 4 . 
  sees the thief dude in real life and it 's not only a dude - it 's ugly hairy but bold middle age dude 5 . 
  waits ehh ... dutch cinematography ... 
  because minorities get disproportionate attention from media , politicians , and corporations , sometimes even disproportionate priviledges and rights . 
  then , people living in cities are biased because minorities pile up in certain districts . 
  they do n't want potatoes , they want * kold\u016bnai * . 
  that 's why they do it - nobody understand them . 
   citation needed ? 
  no , it 's not necessary, 
  it 's not too expensive for telekom , they have tons of money . 
  forget about back ups using mobile internet while in germany, 
   when telekom is no longer required to share network infrastructure they created with their competitors . 
  they need monopoly to provide better service ? 
  it 's not like they 've created the infrastructure recently at a big cost - it 's ancient . 
  they usually keep this kind of furniture in the basement ( popular in austria as well ) . 
  here they placed in in the hotel room which might be a reason for misunderstanding . 
  it just does n't sound right . 
   it was the majority from the beginning . 
  do you mean all these 50-70 year olds in the street demonstrations ?
