  we are eurosceptic . 
  he let them enter state and supported unconditionally . 
  it was his fault . 
  also erdogan did some other good things . 
  he improved health care , housing ( toki is although corrupt successful institution ) , infrastructure , national arms industry etc. 
  obviously they do in syria . 
   they are 80 % of the sovjet though [ far from it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j0eroln.jpg ), 
  there are rumours erdogan wants to change strategy in syria and cooperate with russia and iran . 
  you are comparing apples and oranges . 
  just read two countries constitutions and see the difference . 
  even most progressive politicians are full blown islamists in iran while islamist parties are literally illegal here . 
  erdogan is our putin , not khomeini . 
  iranians are religious freaks . 
  iran is isolated because it is hostile towards israel , us 's 51st state . 
  erdogan is pragmatic . 
  he may be an authoritarian asshole but he is n't stupid . 
  i know . 
  i was just saying we have another option , although inferior one . 
  this may change in few decades but western alliance is better option than china/russia alliance for now . 
   however , this still leaves erdogan 's pro-islamist/jihadist foreign policy . 
  turkey 's foreign policy is imperialist , not islamist . 
  turkey is seeking influence in mena and does n't care who brings it . 
   since russia is a far stronger/more important power . 
  and now you are overestimating russia . 
  russia is n't soviets . 
  no but we have options . 
  nato is n't a must . 
  how ? 
  sink their boats , shoot them on border ? 
  they are civilian asylum seekers , women , children , not some invading foreign army . 
  you ca n't stop them . 
  that 's why you are sucking turkey 's dick . 
   i doubt how well turkey would find itself without the west . 
  you are underestimating turkey 's geopolitical importance . 
  eastern alliance will welcome turkey with open arms . 
  what will you do ? 
  block eu membership negotiations ? 
  you already do that . 
  sanction turkey ? 
  for what reason , because you do n't want asylum seekers who are coming from war-torn country . 
  less military cooperation ? 
  that 's what us is for . 
  turkey does that since forever and it [ works ] ( http://i.cdn.turner.com/cnn/interactive/2014/09/world/isis-explained/media/jihadi02.jpg ) . 
  turkey is n't blackmailing eu . 
  eu wants to bribe turkey and erdogan is ok with that . 
  the problem is that eu is cheap and untrustworthy as always . 
  trust the one who lives in turkey . 
  how highly of you !, 
  you let those untermensch use their civil rights . 
  what is your next generous gift to them ? 
  not genociding them . 
   we in germany , however , do consistently ban demonstrations that are known beforehand to escalate into violence . 
  we do that here too and eu keeps lecturing us about democracy , human rights because of that . 
  talk about hypocrisy !, 
  it was turkey 's fault . 
  fighting a proxy war with russia in syria is a mistake . 
  we are overplaying our hand . 
  also turkey should maintain good relations with eastern alliance . 
  we may end up leaving western one if it goes like this . 
  comparing turkey to afghanistan and malaysia is ridiculous . 
  turkey has very different history , political environment , internal dynamics and most importantly different [ approach to religion ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/gsi2-chp1-3.png ) . 
  and you europeans are biggest ignorant retards . 
  you do n't know shit about turkey and still think you know everything . 
  worse than americans , at least they know they are ignorant . 
  turkey is a secular country . 
  islamism is n't an issue in turkey . 
  only around 10 % of population wants islamic regime here . 
  you can find more fascist extremists in any european country . 
  just look at this sub . 
  btw i am not even muslim let alone islamist . 
  i do n't care what you xenophobic fucks want . 
  i meant it is n't not big deal to get schengen visa for turks . 
  it is easy to get visa unless you are unemployed or something . 
  eu countries , especially touristic ones , rarely reject visa application of turks . 
  turkey can decide who is guilty or not by itself but turkey and us will form a commision for deportation of gulen and we will present evidence we have to that commision . 
  some military officers committed suicide because of them . 
  eye for an eye !, 
  i hope they do . 
  letting them go europe is only way to get rid of syrians . 
  syrian civil war will not end soon . 
  that stupid visa-free deal is n't that important . 
  schengen visa is pretty easy to get . 
  i do n't understand why it is big deal . 
  you never call them german even when they call themselves german . 
  you know this is true . 
  freedom of assembly , freedom of expression . 
  they can show support whoever they want . 
  even `` democrat '' europeans do n't seem to get that 's a basic right in a liberal democracy . 
  `` civil liberties are for us , not for those muslims . '', 
  mass deportation of a religious group is ethnic cleansing , crime against humanity according to un . 
  you europeans never change . 
  staying at home is free . 
  they can stay at home since sweden is such a great country . 
  all that sophisticated cuisine , good weather , rich history , warm ( definitely not arrogant and racist ) people !, 
  believe or not despite it 's problems turkey is pretty good country to live in if you have some money . 
  i do n't see anybody going vacation to nordic countries but turkey gets 40 million tourists every year . 
  they are there for money , money . 
  for the same reason you suck russia 's dick . 
  eu will give you shitest deal possible to make bad example out of you . 
  otherwise more countries will try to leave eu .
