  gun laws are very strict . 
  i doubt coup government will give syrians citizenship like erdogan was planning to do . 
  they hate islamists , islamist arabs even more . 
  prepare yourself for a new refugee way . 
  they will rekt islamists and let a civil election happen 1 or 2 years later . 
  they will rekt islamists and let a civil election 1 or 2 years later . 
  f-16s are flying over ankara . 
  tanks are on street in \u0130stanbul . 
  tsk ( taf ) just made a statement . 
  it 's a full blown coup . 
   focusing first and foremost on stopping the rise of an autonomous kurdish entity and ? 
  every country has its own interests , priorities . 
  is may be bigger threat for you but pkk is bigger problem for turkey . 
  where do you get your news from ? 
  because all european countries signed un refugee convention . 
  if you do n't want asylum seekers withdraw from un agreement and join the ranks of saudi arabia , china instead of whining . 
  i read the comments but you obviously did n't fucking idiot . 
  what makes western world good guys while china is dark side ? 
  both sides are imperialists . 
  it 's interesting to see a lot of europeans defending this after they had complained lack of freedom to call erdogan goatfucker for days . 
  typical western hypocrisy !, 
  a turkish news site says at least 30 killed , 100 wounded . 
  you should do same in france for isis . 
  terrorists are people too , you know !, 
  and what were `` civilians '' doing there ? 
  were they hostages of pkk ? 
  why does pkk take kurdish hostages ? 
  i thought they are fighting for kurds ' rights and freedom from evil turkey . 
  they go to city , speak kurds , most are pro-pkk and later they share their side of the story as truth . 
  i remember this incident . 
  bunch of pkk militants were cornered and hid in a basement . 
  turkish security forces asked them to surrender for days , even sent ambulances for their wounded . 
  they kept opening fire , later called a pro-pkk tv channel and said they will never surrender ( there is a video of it on youtube ) . 
  security forces said enough is enough and made an operation and killed them . 
  let me remind you american police sent a robot with bomb to kill a terrorist after several hours . 
  turkish forces waited days hoping for surrender . 
  make russia bigger and rename turkey neo-ottoman empire . 
  american and african nations . 
  they all became christian and speak european languages . 
  btw most have much higher crime rates than muslim countries . 
  turks had ruled 1/4 of europe for 5 centuries . 
  they all still have their language , religion and national identity unlike countries which were colonized by christian nations for much shorter time . 
  it 's relatively high in turkey because extramarital birth is big taboo here . 
  i have n't met a single mother except divorcees all my life . 
  there is a civil war between sunnis and shias . 
  suicide bombings are daily occurrence . 
  half of the country is occupied by a sociopathic islamist group , isis . 
  erdogan government had an agreement with us to let coalition forces enter iraq from turkey but parliament voted against it because of public disapproval . 
  it was a big surprise since majority of members were from erdogan 's party . 
  i think it was one of the few instances our faulty democracy actually worked . 
  number of suicide bombings in iraq before bush 's war : 0, 
  greece is one of the few countries who acted decent and humane during this crisis . 
  i genuinely think turkey should leave nato , get some nukes and stay neutral during coming cold war . 
  our nato `` allies '' are n't very trustworthy as comments here proved , also working with both sides may benefit turkey more than picking a side . 
  because you are racist . 
  antisemitism and racism usually go hand in hand . 
  lol . 
  even our media would n't do that , they would just ignore , censor what he said . 
  what 's going on in poland ? 
  this is russia-tier . 
  polish prostitutes are somewhat expensive here . 
  moldovians are cheapest . 
  they work hard though . 
  if germany wants she can become major military power in less than 5 years . 
  they have manpower , money , industry and technical know-how . 
  ethnic cleansing ? 
  you europeans never change . 
  bush and other country leaders who joined his dirty war should be put on trial for war crime . 
  but we all know this will never happen . 
  yes , right !, 
  because saddam was a baddy . 
  world is full of cruel dictators and kings , most are backed and supported by western governments . 
  us supported and armed saddam too during iraq-iran war . 
  the iran who wanted to drop petro-dollar . 
  it 's probably already under 10 % . 
  some kurds are blaming pkk , in turn hdp , for bringing fight to their cities . 
  i doubt us will go to a war with a nuclear power even for uk . 
  devsirme was n't as bad as balkanites claim . 
  they became elite soldiers , palace bureaucrats , pashas , viziers . 
  there were instances muslims bribed ottoman officers so their children get collected . 
  there was slavery in empire but they did n't enslave all their subjects and use them as farm animals like colonists did . 
  it was a multi-ethnic empire like roman empire . 
  non-turkic citizens could even become grand vizier . 
  ottoman empire was n't a colonial empire . 
  they were citizens of empire , not slaves . 
  it 's 15 million city . 
  istanbul is anything but ghost town . 
  europe was never epitome of free speech . 
  it 's americans ' thing . 
  european court of human rights ruled against it though . 
  eurosceptic parties are getting stronger all over europe . 
  eu will bully uk as much as possible and make a bad example out of them to prevent other members try the same . 
  yes those priests need somewhere to rape children . 
  did n't a french teacher said something similar which turned out to be lie later ? 
  having a strong currency backed by advanced economies like germany , france has a downside . 
  you will have competitive disadvantage against other developing countries . 
  it will increase imports , decrease exports . 
  a little offtopic but boris johnson is grand grandson of ottoman journalist ali kemal . 
  during turkish independence war he sided with occupying greek army and wrote articles criticizing turkish forces leaded by ataturk . 
  his name is synonymous to opportunism and treason in turkey .
