  you will get nothing . 
  also there will be no uk soon . 
  scotland , ireland , maybe even wales will leave uk . 
  you are the one who does n't make sense . 
  you complain about some people using their freedom of assembly because they have different national identity than you and then you talk about how important personal liberties are . 
  are n't you aware how ridiculous you sound ? 
  they failed countless times . 
  cia does n't have a magical rod . 
  this !, 
  also they settle down in turkey when they retired . 
   i love how b\u00fc\u015fra erdal is arrested it 's hilarious i hope she gets a sentence . 
  i hope they hang her . 
  i still remember how she made fun of kemalist officers gulenists put in jail with fabricated evidence . 
  nobody cares about what your government wants . 
  us is the superpower , not you . 
  they own the nato . 
  probably it is n't related to us . 
  there are also turkish aircrafts stationed on that base . 
  turkish base commander sent some tanker aircrafts for rebel f-16s flying over ankara during the coup attempt . 
  they may search offices of turkish staff for evidence to see they were involved or not . 
  this comment shows how prejudiced you are . 
  why the fuck does anybody try to `` indoctrinate '' us about our diaspora ? 
  nobody cares about them in turkey . 
  actually we think they are annoying , pretentious pricks . 
  they are more european than you think . 
  i do n't care about downvotes . 
  asking for mass deportation of certain group is pretty fascist . 
  actually it 's ethnic cleansing according to un . 
  tbf all i know about baltic states is that erasmus office advises everyone stay away from them in my university because racist attacks are very common there and their police do n't help victims , they ignore complaints . 
  i had been in gulf countries . 
  only regional custom western expats ( economic immigrants ) adopt is keeping semi-slave asian servants in their homes . 
  you talk about secularism despite not knowing what it means . 
  your ignorance exceeds even your arrogance . 
  turkey is a secular country by constitution . 
  no religious laws unlike poland , no religious courts unlike uk , no official religion unlike norway !, 
  turkey still has free elections , next one in 2019 , but i would n't call elections fair since access of opposition parties to mainstream media is limited . 
  tbh it was always like that . 
  erdogan won his first election while almost all media was against him . 
  turks are victims of terrorism , not perpetrators of it in germany . 
  solingen massacre , nsu murders , munich shooting !, 
  if germany does n't want trouble , terror , it should get rid of likes of you instead of turks . 
  they are protesting coup attempt which `` democrat '' europeans supported for some reason and showing support to elected government , president . 
  you should allow nazi rallies unless they promote violence . 
  daesh is a terror group . 
  and baltics , eastern europe is almost as fucked up as turkey when it comes to humanism , equalism , liberal democracy . 
  western europe is going that direction too from what i see from upvoted comments here . 
   i still do n't get the point of a pro-erdogan rally in germany they have dual citizenship , they vote in turkish elections too . 
  btw turkey is still a secular democracy , although pretty shit one . 
  he is from hungary . 
  he thinks only pro-orban and racist rallies must be allowed in a `` democracy '' . 
  without people getting beaten , tortured by neonazis . 
  it 's gulenists . 
  gulen is an islamic cult leader . 
  his cult takes smart kids from poor families , brainwashes them with his ideology , helps them to enter universities , later get public jobs . 
  he tries to take over state from inside and later introduce islamism . 
  somewhat similar to evangelists in us . 
  they try to hold important positions in state and push their religious agenda too . 
  did n't they call some of them back with an emergency order ? 
  turkey is illiberal democracy like hungary . 
  is n't collective punishment against your famous european values and eu criterias ? 
  both true . 
  qualification is n't main criteria for any job in turkey . 
  nepotism is rampant here . 
  also unemployment among university graduates is pretty high . 
  i can think of 2 possible reasons . 
  he needs support of opposition parties for post-coup purges mostly targeted gulenists so far or he genuinely wants to make peace with opposition . 
  knowing erdogan a little the former is more likely . 
  erdogan is n't salafist . 
  salafism was never popular with turkish muslims . 
  you are living with them almost 40 years and still do n't know them . 
  turks are victims of terrorism , not perpetrators of it in germany . 
  solingen massacre , nsu murders , munich attack !, 
  also they gave up that ridiculous idea . 
  for the same reason why brexit happened . 
  most voters are undereducated retards who are prone to populist bullshit . 
  kemalists have been complaining about gulen cult since forever . 
  finally erdogan also realized how dangerous they are . 
  turkey is 2nd biggest contributor to isis campaign . 
  definitely bigger than every european country who did nothing so far . 
  bosphorus worths more than anything kurds can offer . 
  they are only cannon fodder for us 's isis campaign . 
  and you wonder why anti-americanism is rampant in turkey . 
  europe is better place to be if you are salefist and want to make friends . 
  [ foreign fighters in iraq and syria ] ( http://i.cdn.turner.com/cnn/interactive/2014/09/world/isis-explained/media/jihadi02.jpg ), 
  i am not muslim . 
  your `` self-victimization '' rant does n't mean shit to me . 
  is pkk terrorist ? 
  they kill because of ideological reasons . 
  this is n't first time something like this happens . 
  turkey warned belgium about one of paris attackers and france about another one before the attack . 
  i remember reading interview of turkish interior minister . 
  he complained about lack of cooperation of european countries and told a story how they caught a swedish citizen who wanted to go syria and join isis . 
  they deported him . 
  they caught him again one week later in turkey and contacted swedish authorities to tell `` wtf are you doing ? 
  put him in jail . '', 
  swedes told that is not a crime in sweden . 
  i think some european countries see all isis thing as opportunity to get rid of radicals in their countries and this is ok but you should stop blaming turkey for lack of action . 
  we try . 
  actually they gave up this idea , thank god . 
  as far as i know they are already doing that .
