  i like how kurds keep complaining about turkish assimilation efforts while trying to assimilate everyone in sight , assyrians , zazas , yazidis etc. 
  erdogan keeps talking about reintroducing death penalty . 
  first i thought he was bluffing but he may be serious . 
  you may end up giving them asylum . 
  somebody should tell them they do n't have a carrot . 
  even most liberal , pro-west turks do n't care about eu anymore . 
  electricity was cut because turkish commander of the base was involved in coup attempt . 
  he sent a tanker aircraft for rebel pilots ' jets . 
  using small tactical nuclear weapons for offence is part of russia 's official military doctrine . 
  actually better educated , more liberal ones are coming back to turkey while undereducated , conservative ones stay in germany . 
  so we have some cyber warfare capabilities . 
  good to know !, 
  that was an islamist revolt , not a nationalist one as kurds claim . 
  they were isis of their time . 
  evil secular nato is killing those poor isis militants too . 
  when will suffering of islamists end ? 
  he does n't have enough mps to change constitution . 
  he needs referendum . 
  he will not bother to do that anyway . 
  i really do n't see turkey hanging dozens of people for semi-political reasons in front of all world . 
  we did n't even hang terrorist leader ocalan ( our bin laden ) . 
  we have n't resurrected it yet and probably we will not . 
  experts say it 's against constitution . 
  they do n't support erdogan . 
  most people including most officers think coup is n't necessary yet . 
  turkey is still secular country by constitution . 
  no islamic laws , courts etc. 
  b-but deus vult , istanbul will be constantinople again . 
  that place is hold by israel , 52nd maybe . 
  eu has no power over turkish state or public . 
  us is another story though . 
  us has death penalty and they are basically the nato . 
  not really !, 
  you can find that many extremist retards in every country . 
  just look at far right wing , racist groups in europe . 
  turkish army does n't let even normal practising muslims in its ranks , let alone crazy jihadists . 
  hard-core secularism is integral part of their tradition . 
  only 12 % of country wants sharia law according to pew 's research . 
  this is a recipe for civil war . 
  coup is bad but failed coup is even worse . 
  because us and europeans also want regime change in syria . 
  qatar pipeline will let eu go free from energy dependance to russia . 
  russia is your biggest security concern right now , not islamists . 
  not by officials but some sociopathic civilians and they will be put on trial . 
  it 's illegal . 
  there is no death penalty in turkey and torture is illegal . 
  `` hey we europeans are better than you . 
  we are ubermensch . '', 
  yes they have oil money and their girls are much slutier than ours but turkey is legally more secular than norway . 
  the comment i replied is about secularism . 
  not really !, 
  they ca n't just blame army . 
  then we will have a successful coup . 
  big majority of generals opposed to coup . 
  they were the ones prevented it . 
  erdogan claimed all credit as always . 
  lol . 
  i think we just did . 
  bring it on burgers . 
  i am not m\u0130t agent , i ca n't know sure but imo they were ultra-kemalist officers but they will blame g\u00fclen . 
  they ca n't blame kemalism . 
  there will be public disapproval and army will not be happy about it since most army officers are also kemalist . 
  you westerners misread turkey . 
  secularism is n't under threat in turkey . 
  according to an independent public poll 91 % of people want to keep secularism in constitution . 
  turkey is still a secular country after 14 years of rule of conservative government . 
  no religious laws unlike poland , no religious courts unlike uk , no official religion unlike norway . 
  it was only a rogue group in army . 
  5 generals were involved in coup attempt , no force commanders . 
  there are 347 generals and admirals in taf . 
  actually army itself prevented the coup . 
  a jet shot down coupists ' helicopter . 
  special forces made an operation to recapture bosphorus bridge . 
  90 dead , around one thousand wounded so far . 
  finally somebody gets it . 
  erdogan is our putin , not humeyni . 
  it is n't banned . 
  egyptian army is also islamist . 
  egypt is a sharia country . 
  that was n't an official statement . 
  only imams union made a statement . 
  pokemons are mostly popping up in mosques for some reason . 
  imams are n't happy random people keep entering mosques for non-religious reasons . 
  according to pew 's research only 12 % of population want sharia law . 
  they are just small minority like racists , fascists and other shit in europe . 
  most of erdogan 's vote base is centre right wing . 
  he keeps get elected because people think he runs the economy good , not because he is islamist , conservative or whatever fuck he is . 
  only during wartime as far as i know . 
  erdogan 's airplane just landed \u0130stanbul airport . 
  military prosecutor started an investigation for 46 officers who was involved in coup attempt . 
  apparently it was really small rogue group in army . 
  taf was ordered to hunt down coupists ' jets and helicopters . 
  nothing will happen . 
  kemalist party leader also spoke against coup . 
  exactly !, 
  if they supported coup there would be no need to capture them . 
  it 's not army against erdogan . 
  it 's just a rogue group . 
  high commandership is n't supporting it . 
  no capital punishment in turkey .
