  they started to do that actually . 
   as a graduate i 'd never experienced as much rejection as in germany . 
  a certain degree of recognition came with the doctor 's profession . 
  but hearing people say things like ` i 'm not going to be treated by a turkish doctor ' , or having to put up with a judge who would n't pay his bill as a private patient telling me how i should behave as a foreigner -- experiences like that made it easier for me to leave . 
  they asked if they fight for their country , they did n't tell for what reason . 
  if somebody attacks turkey , i will fight but let 's say turkey attacks syria or iraq so erdogan can become sultan of neo-ottoman empire , i will not fight . 
  you still have conscription in finland . 
  the idea of joining army is n't strange for fins . 
  i am pretty sure coup was n't hoax but it is possible erdogan knew it and still let it happen thinking he can stop it . 
  m\u0130t ( intelligence agency ) learned there would be a coup at 4:00 pm and erdogan claims he did n't know until late at night . 
  it is unlikely they did n't inform him right away . 
  so called child bride problem is marriages between underages ( age of consent is 18 in turkey ) . 
  since premarital sex is taboo in conservative social circles , teenage couples marry at very early age . 
  those marriages are n't legal though . 
  [ age of consent by country ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ef/age_of_consent.png ) [ average age at first sex by country ] ( http://cdn3.chartsbin.com/chartimages/l_xxj_703979f5111feb3a13b37cc27e8d4919 ), 
   the local court said the law does not provide legal consequences for the `` consent '' of victims in cases where the child victim is from 12 to 15 years of age and able to understand the meaning of the sexual act . 
  `` this creates an imbalance between legal benefits and sanctions that should be preserved in crime and punishment , '' the application stated . 
  court does n't say sex abusers should n't be punished . 
  they say ones who abuse 4 years olds should get higher prison sentence than ones who had sex with 14 years olds . 
  it 's nothing to do with religion or ethnicity . 
  it 's socioeconomic . 
  western turkey and europe used to have high birthrates too . 
  we have a saying in turkey . 
  `` rich play with their money , poor play with their dick . '', 
  thoughts matter more than words . 
  each one has 4 reactors so we will have 12 nuclear reactors . 
  it 's called hate crime . 
  it happens in every country . 
  do n't tell me your politicians were n't fishing for turkophobic , islamophobic votes when commented on turkey 's eu accession talks . 
  he is right . 
  eu membership negotiation is only a rotting carrot on a stick . 
  it looks disgusting . 
  it smells disgusting . 
  it reeks racism and hypocrisy . 
  tldr : cyprus is for greeks , nobody else should have rights there . 
  turkey should n't have prevented ethnic cleansing of turks . 
  that does n't work that way . 
  if you want turkish clay you must pay the price we paid for it . 
  blood !, 
  it 's offshoot of pkk . 
  they are suicide bombing us . 
  they may be useful for you since they are fighting is but they are dangerous for turks , bunch of sociopaths who want to kill innocent turkish people . 
  terrorism is a method , not an ideology . 
  there are no good terrorists . 
  we do n't need your cheap bribe . 
  turkey will become concentration camp of germany . 
  for what ? 
  opening 5 new chapters of eu membership negotiation which does n't go anywhere anyway , 3 billion euros which is nothing compared to turkey spends for them and visa-free travel , schengen visa is n't hard to get anyway . 
  it 's a shit deal . 
  here is [ a picture ] ( http://www.kanalahaber.com/d/other/2-764.jpg ) and [ another one ] ( http://www.ulusalkanal.com.tr/images/upload/20160121_2_13903361_4751659_web.jpg ) turkish security forces confiscated it . 
  tc does n't own any of these , only us does . 
  turkey backed annan plan . 
  turkish cypriots voted yes in referendum while greek ones voted no . 
  if cyprus is n't unified yet , this is greeks ' fault . 
  turkey actually wants to get rid of northern cyprus . 
  it 's nothing but whiney parasite which keeps sucking turkey 's blood while complaining you blood is n't tasty enough . 
  turkey wants to join old dirty game of imperialism . 
  the problem is that we are very rusty , have n't played this game for a long time . 
  supporting salefist groups is a big mistake . 
  they are big threat for turkey too . 
  like assad said `` terrorism is like a scorpion , if you put it in your pocket , it will sting you . '', 
  they also found a small american military drone in a pkk cell . 
  i hope this changes soon . 
  housing 3 million refugees is a big problem for turkey and that problem was solving itself until this stupid deal . 
   it 's a coup true !, 
   the west is supporting terrorism against turkey !, 
  true !, 
  it is n't a secret some western governments support pkk . 
   foreign powers are sabotaging turkey 's gov ` t !, 
  do n't think so !, 
  they do n't like erdogan government though and this is perfectly normal . 
  he is n't erdogan 's heir . 
  he is a retard . 
  erdogan has 4 children and only his youngest daughter is active in politics . 
  turkey did n't grant them asylum so they are going next country , greece . 
  ottoman empire was n't a colonial empire . 
  they were citizens of empire , not slaves . 
  they even put quotas for non-muslim minorities to grant seats in their parliament . 
  not everyone is obsessed with people 's ethnicity and religion as much as you do . 
  it 's inhuman . 
  this is n't an enemy army . 
  they are civilian asylum seekers , women , children running away from a war-torn country . 
  by culture if you meant religion yes , everything else , no . 
  core of the empire was balkans and anatolia . 
  turks did n't settle in mena , they only sent governors , commanders and bureaucrats there . 
  ottomans made an alliance with france against germany , with france and britain against russia , with germany against britain and france at different points in time . 
  big chunks of europe was part of empire and christians were also citizens of empire . 
  ottoman empire was an european power like it or not . 
  it was useless anyway . 
  a fence can stop thousands but not millions . 
  yes , in less than one decade . 
  actually it may surplus even russia in mid-century according to some experts . 
  it 's an islamic cult . 
  they try to hold important positions in state and push their conservative , religious agenda . 
  somewhat similar to evangelists in us . 
  i think main difference between eu countries and countries like russia and turkey is that we know how corrupt our institutions are while europeans think everything is ok , perfect . 
  we get some eu funds also when erdogan does something stupid , he likes to say `` hey come on if i was a dictator do i run negotiations with eu ? '', 
  that 's not surprising . 
  it 's interesting how low support for israel though . 
  btw support for eu membership is pretty low in turkey too .
