  i had been in gulf countries . 
  i had met western expats ( economic immigrants ) who lives there 10 + years . 
  neither them nor their children born there know one word of arabic . 
  only local tradition they adopted is keeping semi-slave asian servants in their homes . 
  this incident is just ridiculous . 
  international community should pressure iraq to remove their diplomatic immunity . 
  you ca n't just abuse it to commit horrible crimes like this . 
  good call !, 
  just keep him here until their election ends . 
  do n't need to deal with populist , racist bullshit they keep throwing at turkey . 
  20 million seems exaggeration but it 's more than 15 million . 
  some people do n't change their permanent address when they migrate metropoles so they can vote in their birth places during elections . 
  i am surprised izmir is still growing fast . 
  government is ignoring izmir a lot because they vote opposition party . 
  it 's big . 
  i posted same article yesterday but mod removed because it 's off-topic . 
  it 's also important to note that us officials stated they are not ok with that . 
  incirlik is infamous nuclear nato air base in turkey btw . 
  it 's a joke image to make fun of ultranationalists but there are turkish nationalists who believe turkey may lead mena and create softer version of ottoman empire ( neo-ottomanism ) or form an union with other turkic nations ( pan-turkism ) . 
  tatars are really a turkic nation btw . 
  people tends to believe ridiculous stuff if it makes them feel important . 
  otherwise religions and most ideologies would n't exist . 
  according to our nationalists [ pretty much all world ] ( http://sarsochi.ru/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/4rcqxjz.png ) is rightful turkish clay . 
  it 's not about nato . 
  it 's about syria proxy war . 
  erdogan wants to change strategy in syria and prioritize preventing independent kurdish state instead of removing russia backed assad from power . 
  putin welcomed this idea since if turkey stops sending weapons to rebels , assad will win civil war for sure and kurds are us proxy anyway . 
  russia was eager to accept turkey 's half-ass apology . 
  there may be a secret agreement between two countries about syria . 
  they attack civilian targets but they do n't claim those attacks . 
  that 's tak 's duty . 
  it 's most likely pkk . 
  they say it was wedding of a pro-government , anti-pkk kurdish tribe . 
  definitely not !, 
  it means you do n't go to jail or get fined if you do it . 
  apparently that was n't the case in most european countries until late 20th century . 
  when did you join the eu ? 
  homesexuality was illegal in ireland until 1993 . 
  she was a prostitute and she was last seen entering a customer 's car . 
  is stating facts homophobic ? 
  those are georgian , circassian converts . 
  blonde greeks , seriously !, 
  even their white supremacist party leader looks like a gypsy . 
  we recently changed family law . 
  gay marriage was also genuinely discussed during parliamentary talks but rejected . 
  btw turkey ( ottoman empire ) is one of first countries which decriminilazed homesuxailty , in mid 19th century . 
  it was illegal in some western countries until late 20th century . 
   because she was a prostitute this is n't worrisome in your opinion i did n't say that but this may not be a hate crime . 
  it 's probably another homicide without political agenda . 
  also there is nothing wrong with prostitution . 
  it 's legal in turkey . 
   no turk will remain alive . 
  they will either be gassed ... oh god !, 
  and they wonder why turkish army is still in cyprus . 
  some random internet links do n't mean shit . 
  all your claims are wrong . 
   without statistics we have statistics . 
  google it !, 
   a raped woman needs several male witnesses according sharia law yes but turkey is a secular country . 
  we do n't have islamic law here . 
   and raped men and children are ignored we have laws , police force and courts here . 
  if there is a complaint , it must be investigated . 
  turkey is also member of european court of human rights btw . 
   without statistics cuz a raped woman needs several male witnesses , and raped men and children are ignored this 's not true for turkey . 
  i do n't know about other countries you mentioned though so i will not share my opinion about them since i do n't want to sound like ignorant retard . 
  no it is n't better and we know that . 
  that 's the main difference between austria and countries like russia , turkey . 
  we know our press is corrupt here and do n't believe everything we see on paper . 
   the balkan route must remain closed , because it can not be our goal that a refugee flees from an eu country like greece in a non-eu country like macedonia . 
  so greece is his plan b. 
  age of consent is 18 in turkey . 
  it 's just black propaganda like [ good old days ] ( http://www.peterdanpsychology.ro/ro/pagina/26/files/pages/jew%20as%20pedophile.jpg ) . 
  you austrians never change . 
  too late !, 
  in turkey 's case it 's actually true . 
  it 's unbiased and accurate article , something rare in `` free '' western media . 
   whether banning articles of clothing would help fight political islam remains to be seen . 
  we tried in turkey . 
  did n't work !, 
  it made things even worse . 
  by banning religious clothes from certain places , you ban religious people from socialization . 
  they get radicalized even more when they are isolated . 
  tldr it 's turkey 's blackwater . 
  those countries are small and weak . 
  they do n't have imperialistic ambitions unlike turkey , iran and ksa . 
  groups they mentioned are hamas , muslim brotherhood , rebels in syia . 
  turkey does n't list hamas as terrorist group . 
  they have official offices in turkey . 
  muslim brotherhood was legal political party in egypt until sisi 's coup . 
  so turkey basically supports elected government instead of putschists . 
  turkey officially stated it sends weapons to turkish minority in syria so they can defend themselves . 
  nothing new here !, 
  grey wolves are n't islamist . 
  there is a far right group called alperens which combines ultra-nationalism and islamism in turkey but they are n't very popular . 
  their party takes less than 1 % of votes . 
  reinstating death penalty is unlikely . 
  it 's another dirty political game of erdogan . 
  he knows chp and hdp will vote against it . 
  coup suspects were definitely tortured though . 
  you can see they were beaten in before after pics .
