turkey is one of few developing countries which have positive net migration rate . 
   hatice is the proud possessor of a turkish id card ... hatice speaks only turkish , and seemed irritated by my questions about her family history . 
   esat , was surprisingly cheerful when it came to the subject of integration . 
  under the shade of the veranda , he spread out an album filled with photographs of himself as a young man carrying out his military service in northern cyprus . 
   fehmi assumed , at first , that i had come to interview him about his semi-professional boxing career ... 
  he looked bemused at my interest in his family background . 
  `` what can i say ? 
  i 'm a local . '' his unspoken , uncomfortable question was : `` why am i so interesting , just because i 'm black ? '' coming from europe reporter does n't get they do n't face racism . 
  they are accepted by rest of turks and they feel uncomfortable when western reporter tells them they are `` different '' . 
  yes you are . 
  just look at the upvotes and downvotes . 
  https://www.amazon.co.uk/genocide-files-harry-scott-gibbons/dp/0951446428 i am gon na report your post just to see how hypocritical / u/moderatorsofeurope / are . 
  will they ban you or not ? 
   you also should n't have created a huge turkish flag across the kyrenia mountains how sad !, 
  do n't they teach you what eoka did to turkish cypriots in school ? 
  why do you think there are so many turkish soldiers in cyprus ? 
  because of your genocidal grandfathers !, 
  yes , everybody should pack their suitcases and go back to africa . 
  i had been in cyprus , both sides . 
  greek cypriots are nationalistic as fuck and they are full of hatred while turkish cypriots embrace cypriot identity . 
  unification will not work and this will be your fault . 
  if turks colonized cyprus , you would be a muslim and speak turkish . 
   their anchestral lands this mentality is exactly the reason why reunification of cyprus will not work . 
  he was talking about refugee crises before cnn cut off him . 
   `` united states says russia sent syrian refugees to europe , to destabilize europe . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  russia was not the one who invaded iraq in 2003 and destabilized the entire middle east . 
  russia was not the one who attacked libya and destabilized it some more . 
  they are giving weapons to strange people in syria and causing problems which they blame russia for ... 
  if samantha power wants to blame russia for everything , then i do n't know what more to say ... '', 
  :d this is actually pretty good advice but i bet russian loners would rather their state not call them loser . 
  maybe !, 
  source is wikipedia !, 
  imo the problem with methodology is that it ignores impact particular war created . 
  for example mongolian invasion was more destructive than roman invasion . 
  assyria and persia ( today 's turkey and iran ) were pretty busy according to map . 
  chinese empire was relatively peaceful as far as i know . 
  [ source ] ( http://battles.nodegoat.net/viewer.p/23/385/scenario/1/geo/fullscreen ), 
  i do n't like erdogan but i also do n't like europeans lecturing us about our problems . 
  most popular candidate is campaigning for ethnic cleansing in netherlands . 
  mass deportation of moroccans is ethnic cleansing according to un definition . 
  fascism is rising pretty fast all over europe . 
  solve your own problems first !, 
  it may be because of rising islamophobia . 
  western armies caused two million deaths in iraq only . 
  nobody cared . 
  some crazy arabs exploded , killed couple hundred europeans and suddenly 1.5 billion muslims became bloodthirsty warmongers . 
  that 's actually from a poem and erdogan was sent to prison because of reading it . 
  taxi drivers scum people in pretty much every touristic city . 
  i have yet to see an exception . 
  elections are free in turkey . 
  opposition party representatives are present during voting and counting . 
  elections are pretty much only thing which works in our democracy . 
  ataturk 's revolution was actually successful unlike others because he was a benevolent dictator . 
  people liked him . 
  they respected him . 
  they trusted him . 
  he did n't just change laws . 
  he changed people 's minds . 
  btw reformation of islam started in mid 19th century with mecelle jurisdiction reforms during tanzimat period of ottoman empire . 
  [ here ] ( http://wizardvarnish.com/wv/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/tumblr_o4s9zfqhn11udqvhuo1_500-866x1024.jpg ) is a joke image which makes fun of how westerners could n't understand arab `` spring '' . 
  the problem is that [ there is no public demand for secularism ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/gsi2-chp1-3.png ) in majority of muslim world , definitely not in arabic countries . 
  if you remove semisecular dictators from power , there will be a violent islamist uprising . 
  that 's what happened in iraq , libya and syria . 
  a coup saved egypt from same fate . 
  read some history books and if you are too lazy watch lawrence of arabia . 
  those cool , friendly arabs in the movie are actually pioneers of wahhabism . 
  ottomans were reforming islam with mecelle back then when europeans were promoting islamist extremism for their national interests . 
  they are n't telenovelas . 
  they are proper tv dramas . 
  for example one of most popular ones is about a girl forced to marry her rapist by her family . 
  another one is about palace politics , power struggle during sultan suleiman 's reign . 
  actually they have complex main plots , actors with theater background and other good production qualities but they fill them with soap operaish subplots to make episodes longer because of tv ad laws in turkey . 
  during my balkan trip i had met a lot of young people watching them to the point it annoyed me . 
   who fucked up the me ? 
  you did . 
  uk and france promoted wahhabism , salafism to weaken ottoman empire and one century later us removed semisecular dictators from power . 
  does it matter ? 
  germany pays for everything in eu anyway . 
  considering eastern europe is main source of weapons for isis , this is actually very fitting . 
  they should pay for humanitarian crises they are stirring up . 
  i do n't see any african trying to enslave french people . 
  he is also joking and making fun of your racist joke . 
  there are also rumours turkey is buying ballistic missile technology from ukraine . 
  [ `` elfs '' on action !, 
  ] ( https://iconicphotos.files.wordpress.com/2013/07/index.jpg?w=700&amp;h=402 ) admit it or not you guys got the long end of the stick during age of imperialism . 
  :d so you are telling me ottoman empire will never join eu . 
  so ottomans protected orthodoxs from catholic aggression . 
  yes , we keep asking loyalty from kurds too and they 'd rather suicide bomb us . 
  germans used to call southern europeans kanake when they first came as guest workers . 
  they are fellow christian europeans . 
  later turks became your kanakes . 
  i do n't think origin of immigrants is the problem . 
  biggest , most visible minority becomes main target of racism and they get alienated most . 
  turks do n't have trouble assimilating in us . 
   current turkey fetishizes the ottomans from what i see , hungarians are the ones who fetishize their `` christian kingdom which defended europe from muslim invaders '' . 
  speech of hungarian guy , orban 's statements on refugees , hungarians ' attitude towards muslim asylum seekers etc. 
  the same goes for some other european countries . 
  `` christian europe will prevail ! '', 
  btw ottomans never cared about religion that much .
