  cutting ties with diyanet ( institute of religious affairs ) is bad news for germany . 
  turkey uses diyanet to fight radicalization , prevent rise of salafism in turkish muslim communities . 
  for example after paris attack diyanet sent a speech all turkish imams to read during friday prayer . 
  it was advising followers stay away from that kind of bullshit by using religious references . 
  islam is unreformed , wild religion . 
  it must be kept under check . 
  despite its problems diyanet is doing pretty good job at taming islam . 
  actually court asked experts ( child psychiatrists ) if 12 years olds can understand what sex means or not . 
  it was 13 in spain until recently . 
  and there is actually ongoing restoration works in monastery . 
  it 's not bullshit . 
  1 bn is nothing . 
  they have an election soon . 
  erdogan is n't only populist politician in world . 
  poor you !, 
  i think you need a `` final solution '' to deal with them . 
  tbf eastern european countries are worse than you but you are leading the way in western europe . 
  denmark is close second . 
  come , find me when somebody publishes a lie about israel and his life is n't ruined with or without court decision . 
  i am all for freedom of speech , even insulting is acceptable but defame should be illegal . 
   turkey allows sexual intercourse with children under the age of 15 . 
  more like blatant lie !, 
  turkey has a lot of real problems . 
  if they want to shit on turkey , they do n't need to lie . 
  nationalist party is n't classified as far right in turkey . 
  everybody is nationalist some way or another here . 
  they do n't want kurds apply for asylum in mass . 
  here is a [ map ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/_ywz4yazqnanlb92pc2x3ds2tydkuqx26cgvlvvxgua.png?s=d435bc05e4d2cbdaa5a4bb33d5421177 ) which shows cult 's activities in various countries . 
  we have a saying in turkey . 
  `` barking dog does n't bite . '', 
  his anti-us rhetoric is just bravado . 
  he will step back like he did with israel and russia and his media will sell it to turkish public as victory . 
  us sells f-22 to nobody . 
  you are right though . 
  access to western military tech is pretty good reason to stay in nato . 
  erdogan is conservative , populist politician . 
  he is power-hungry authoritarian asshole . 
  gulen is full blown islamist who wants a strict sharia state . 
  erdogan is our putin . 
  gulen is khomeini . 
  you tell me which one is worse . 
  true but this does n't make gulen purge a bad thing . 
  sometimes two wrongs make a right . 
  who wears burqa in germany anyway ? 
  their muslim minority is from turkey . 
  even most religious turkish women do n't wear it . 
  turkey is a secular country so no religious cult should hold power over state . 
  gulen cult was declared illegal . 
  recruiting members for a criminal group is also illegal . 
  brainwashed or not , i am proud of my ideology . 
  this is how gulen cult operates . 
  they take smart kids from poor families , give them good education while brainwashing them with their ideology , later encourage them get public jobs . 
  they try to hold important positions in state and push their islamic agenda . 
  schools are their main source of recruits . 
  teachers are integral part of their cult . 
  there is no need for proof . 
  erdogan believes us did it and what erdogan believes is `` truth '' in turkey . 
  they are n't innocent . 
  gulen movement is anything but innocent . 
  also he did n't put them jail except few , he fired them . 
  there is no law against eating pork in turkey but abortion is n't legal in some `` secular '' european countries because apparently it 's unchristian . 
  according to westerners : secularism = eating pork, 
  pretty accurate !, 
  secularist army introduced religion into school system to fight communism . 
  i do n't like imam hatips but they are n't so bad . 
  they are somewhat similar to catholic schools in west . 
  most of their curriculum is modern but they also have some additional courses , reading quran , islamic history etc. 
  armenia is n't a threat for turkey . 
  it 's a poor , small country . 
  actually erdogan wanted to stop sanctioning armenia and open border but azerbaijan made a big deal about it so he changed his mind . 
  central asia is in russia 's sphere of influence . 
  this will not change soon and erdogan is well-aware of that . 
  he is n't pan-turkist anyway . 
  it 's nationalist party 's favored foreign policy . 
  actually erdogan invited pyd leader to ankara in 2013 and offered support against is with the condition of fighting assad too . 
  and exactly what will you do ? 
  sink their boats , shoot them on border !, 
  what 's your plan b ? 
  there is a meeting tomorrow between erdogan and putin . 
  turkey-russia rapprochement is important news for all europe . 
  just do it !, 
  who cares ? 
  i do n't see turkey joining eu unless we all convert christianity and change the country 's name into byzantium or something . 
   can you explain whats so wrong about his points ? 
  ignorance !, 
  if you want to talk about turkey , learn something about turkish history , culture , politics , judicial system etc. 
  first . 
  when you westerners look at turkey , all you see religion . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  lol . 
  this reminds me something a russian , who visited both countries , told me once . 
  `` greeks are turks who think they are italians . '', 
  almost all wrong . 
  your reply proved my point . 
  you do n't know turkey . 
  that 's true but also perfectly normal . 
  turkey , bastard child of west and east , is pretty hard to understand for foreigners . 
  it has unique history , social dynamics and political environment . 
  girls marry as early as age 15-18 while boys marry at age 18-21 after they complete their military service . 
  so their husbands are pretty young too .
