  if they did they would force their non-muslim citizens to convert . 
  they did pretty much opposite . 
  when spanish king expelled jews from his kingdom , ottoman sultan sent a fleet to bring them in his empire thinking they will benefit the economy . 
  it 's really sad . 
  this is n't so different than south african apartheid . 
  you ca n't go white people 's school . 
  you ca n't ride in bus with white people . 
  is n't poland one of most racist countries in europe ? 
  apparently they tasted their own medicine and did n't like it much . 
  you can use air force too if you are planning to kill them . 
  not the ones coming from turkey !, 
  most of them are syrian . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  turkey is member of eu customs union . 
  istanbul has pretty colourful nightlife . 
  they will be ok here . 
  better than 0 % which is what we get from apple now . 
  they will only open a small office here to abuse tax-cuts like they do in ireland . 
  they will not move all their engineering offices , manufacturing plants here . 
  values they claim represent france better than anything . 
  let all people decide what they wear by their free will . 
  is germany still bitching about this ? 
  it 's not like we kidnaped their soldiers . 
  they sent couple of unarmed jets here so they can say `` we joined anti-isis campaign too '' . 
  ethnic cleansing you say !, 
  very german , very german !, 
  to trick voters who would otherwise say they are undecided !, 
  germany is an european country , not middle eastern . 
  they have no say in syria . 
  yes , right !, 
  they were abducted by martians . 
  five million muslims died because of their religion after balkan wars . 
  is this enough or do you need more blood ? 
  we need more freedom in turkey . 
  i do n't deny it . 
   while small guy ypg had thousands of brave men and women killed in action fighting back isil . 
  who cares ? 
  big guy will destroy them with jets , helicopters , tanks , howitzers . 
  they should go back east of river and enjoy the show . 
  and everybody should be happy since there will be no more isis . 
  turks since its your speciality . 
  turkish army is most effective anti-is force in syria now . 
  ypg should go back east of euphrates and let big guy deal with is . 
  ypg 's pointless efforts to stop turkish army benefit nobody but is . 
  yes !, 
  people who tried to genocide their neighbors should solve their issues with their neighbors . 
  race is a social construct . 
  scientifically there is only one human race . 
  edit : why is this downvoted ? 
  you europeans are more racist than i thought . 
  turks do n't care about continental identity . 
  i have never met a turk who calls himself european or asian all my life . 
  we call ourselves turk . 
  nobody is stopping them . 
  operation 's official name is `` euphrates shield '' . 
  who wants to pass euphrates ? 
  who do you think turkey is planning to shield from passing ? 
  turkey 's objective is very clear and turkey does n't deny it . 
  turkey is very honest unlike most actors of this war . 
   kurdish territories which was captured from isis after they ran away when they saw turkish tanks rolling towards them . 
  those villages are arab majority , not kurdish btw . 
  freedom of assembly and freedom of speech are basic civil rights . 
  they can protest or support whatever they want unless they get violent . 
  those poor nazis were so misunderstood since judaism is a religion , not a race . 
  it 's like early 20th century all over again . 
  muslims instead of jews this time !, 
  europeans never change does n't matter how hard they try . 
  yes , you helped iraqis a lot by killing 2 million of them during 2nd bush war . 
  please stop `` helping '' arabs and let them deal with their own issues . 
  they are n't syria kurds . 
  ypg is offshoot of pkk . 
  it is lead by turkey kurds , significant number of their militants are turkey kurds . 
  turkey is n't against a semi-independent region in syria but we just do n't want a hostile one . 
  turkey has pretty good relationships with iraq kurdistan . 
  true , but still !, 
  taf will destroy everything on its way including is . 
  is is finished . 
  i am fixated on hypocrisy . 
  i am agnostic and i do n't care about religious people unless they try to push their bullshit down my throat . 
  i know it and you know it no german would object a jew who wears kippah or any other judaist symbol . 
  lets be honest here !, 
  i bet she would . 
  i think people should start to wear arm bands which show they are secular . 
  this will prevent misunderstandings . 
  why is n't this big news here ? 
  turkey enters syria with tanks and special forces to end is menace . 
  is n't is terror big threat for all europe ? 
  / u/moderatorsofeurope / did n't even approve thread i posted previously . 
  i am sure he would fire a jewish intern who wears kippah too . 
  good to know it 's all about secularism !, 
   western europe do n't try to force their beliefs upon others anymore . 
  ironically this 's exactly what they do by banning burkini . 
  that 's for sure . 
  it 's one of the reasons why turkey entered syria . 
  not main reason though !, 
  turkey still considers pkk offshoot ypg bigger threat . 
  turkey never supported isis . 
  turkey just tolerated , ignored isis for two reasons : isis fights everyone including assad and pkk . 
  turkey does n't want to become main target of isis terror . 
  you are no different .
