  racist , fascist parties are getting stronger all over europe . 
  this may change soon . 
  around 200 pilots discharged from air force after coup attempt . 
  munich attacker was iranian . 
  so do n't worry !, 
  you can call him terrorist . 
  you do n't need to call him lone wolf or mass shooter . 
  it will create terror and scare immigrants . 
  that 's what they were trying to achieve . 
  ironically we removed death penalty because of you . 
  us helped turkey to catch ocalan ( leader of kurdish separatist terror group pkk ) with the condition of not hanging him . 
  apparently only when turks do it , not when precious `` europeans '' do it . 
   cause i 'm sure nobody upvoted you you dumb fucking motherfucker . 
  this is the comment i replied and you did n't remove . 
  good to see sub has very unbiased mods . 
  no but this time hated brown minority is committing it . 
  so people care more . 
  good riddance !, 
  they are all gulenists . 
  they had defamed kemalist judges , military officers for their islamist agenda until several years ago . 
  war between erdogan and gulen is best thing happened to turkey last 10 years . 
   their constitution is giving the army the right to overthrow the government no it is n't . 
  stop bullshitting !, 
  trump does n't even know where bosphorus is . 
  usa should be run by an ignorant retard . 
  it 's so fitting . 
  do n't underestimate westerners ' ignorance about turkey . 
  this is pretty bad and unacceptable but coupists would do much worse if coup was successful . 
  they already killed several hundred unarmed civilians during coup attempt . 
  two wrongs do not make a right though . 
  they should be treated humanely . 
  21 billion service trade surplus is n't that much for an economy as big as uk . 
  pope stop wasting your time on reddit , go deal with pedophiclic sexual abuse epidemic in vatican instead . 
  yeah , right !, 
  like they came to help during cyprus operation . 
  like it or not turkey is much more valuable ally than greece . 
  retard !, 
  we are n't like european or arab pussies . 
  occupying turkey is n't as easy as occupying france or iraq . 
  turks may be most militant , most patriotic nation in the world . 
  i do n't think us was involved . 
  and about gulen i will copy paste a comment which summarizes all that gulenists thing pretty good . 
   there 's a general consensus in turkey that the coup attempt was orchestrated by g\u00fclenists . 
   the g\u00fclenists are islamists who were allied with erdo\u011fan and helped erdo\u011fan in power in 2002 . 
   their recruits are generally really poor kids who they give scholarships in their charter schools for , and who then become judges , lawyers , generals , politicians etc who remain loyal to them - because the g\u00fclenists `` saved '' the poor kid 's life . 
   g\u00fclenists who infiltrated the judiciary system , the army , and police placed thousands of secular-nationalist/kemalists generals , journalists , politicians etc in jail between 2009 and 2013 . 
  this was called the ergenekon trials or the sledgehammer ( balyoz ) trials . 
   in return for helping erdo\u011fan in power and consolidating his power , the g\u00fclenists kept asking for more and more favours from erdo\u011fan . 
   being tired of this `` burden '' and not needing the g\u00fclenists any longer , erdo\u011fan announced in 2013 that he would close all charter schools in turkey - charter schools are the main source of income and recruits of the g\u00fclenists . 
   in response , between 17 and 25 december 2013 , g\u00fclenists leaked various recordings proving erdo\u011fan 's corruption . 
   since then erdo\u011fan has been purging g\u00fclenists , and some in the army top were allegedly on the list to be arrested this week . 
  rather than facing a lifetime in jail anyways , they attempted a coup . 
   many secular-nationalists thrown in jail during the ergenekon trials are now out of jail and placed back in their old position in the army . 
   if it was would n't the rest of the army have come out against it they did after they realized coup was n't ordered by head of general staff . 
  a jet downed coupists ' helicopter . 
  attack helicopters shot tanks which were surrendering presidential palace . 
  special forces made operations to save force commanders who were captured by coupists . 
  jets bombed the air base which was controlled by coupists . 
  army itself prevented the coup . 
  erdogan claimed all credit as always . 
  he is not nationalist . 
  he started to act like one after losing votes to nationalist party because of peace talks with pkk . 
  exactly !, 
  our national identity is n't based on ethnicity . 
  turkish nationalism is anything but new . 
  it 's roots go back to young turks movement in ottoman empire . 
  us usually gets brain drain from turkey . 
  not europe !, 
  when you think about it , us is much better alternative than eu . 
  better job opportunities , better universities , higher salaries , lower taxes , most importantly less racism . 
  1st army ( the army which is stationed in thrace and istanbul ) commander called him and tell him `` do n't go to ankara , come istanbul . 
  i will protect you . '', 
  later sent some tanks to recapture istanbul airport . 
  he probably waited until loyalist forces control airport . 
  greeks have pretty good military equipment . 
  they are afraid we will go full ottoman and invade places again . 
  the idea of reintroducing death penalty was always popular with turkish people . 
  whenever i read comment section of a news piece about high profile crime ( violent rape , murder , terror ) , i see people cheering for death penalty . 
  china is building 4 supercarriers . 
  they will get more aggressive soon . 
  bookstore belongs to gulenists . 
  gulen is an islamist cult leader , old ally , new enemy of erdogan . 
  you europeans should create an unified eu army . 
  isolationism has been getting popular in us for a long time but this is the first time a popular presidential candidate talks about it openly . 
  they have a king . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  is n't right to protest basic right in austria ? 
  not the same thing . 
  our state of emergency law is different , much more undemocratic . 
  he basically declared himself dictator . 
  actually a lot of people , even kemalists , believe they are all gulenists here . 
  erdogan is controlling pretty much all media and has been brainwashing people for a long time . 
  [ a turkish transuxual who says he supports erdogan on a islamist youtube channel . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/draconian/status/755342286939095040 ) we need a coup by psychiatrists , not by army . 
   the only reason they have n't been kicked out yet is because they 're in a strategic location and have a sizable military are you aware that nato is a military alliance ? 
  because foreign conquerors still own the city . 
  obviously a honest mistake . 
  islam , we all know 1.5 billion of it 's followers are sociopathic terrorists , is a religion , not a race . 
  islamophobia is nothing to do with racism . 
  so yazidis are kurdish too now !,
