  whatever the eu was/is , they had the impression it was a negative thing and wanted out . 
  the most common reason i heard was immigration and the people i heard that from most were 1st & 2nd generation immigrants . 
  my dad still thinks the eu will give us what we ask for , because the uk buys german cars . 
  his belief is unshakeble . 
  he becomes increasingly angry if i attempt to disagree with him or bring some data into the discussion . 
  i 've tried explaining germany will likely exchange a potential dip in uk car sales in exchange for the survival of the eu and good trade relations with the other 26 members . 
  thank you . 
   which considering how such an arrangement would mean that the uk would have to follow eu rules and regulation on commerce anyway without the ability to vote on it , really makes we wonder how stupid the british general public is . 
  that was a criticism of the brexit claim by the remain side , during the campaign . 
  we can now see that the brexit side knew all along that the ~ ~ swedish ~ ~ norweigen model would be politically unacceptable , so would likely lead to a hard brexit . 
   it is difficult to be emotive about the eu , particularly when most of the benefits are economical . 
  that is the impression the leave campaign gave . 
  [ sheila hancock ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=384zhbdsv-c ) gave an example of how the remain campaign could be impassioned . 
  the eu & nato have given europe the longest period of peace in it 's history , i think we take this for granted . 
  referred to during the campaign as `` the norway option '' , [ several european countries are members of the eea , but not the eu ] ( https://www.gov.uk/eu-eea ) . 
   i think a lot of ordinary people are n't overly sure what the difference is between leaving the eu and leaving the single market . 
  that 's a good point . 
  from talking to both leave and remain voters there 's a big lack of understanding of what the eu is and what it does . 
  in particular , remain ran a weak campaign and leave a strong one . 
   so , is that mean a hard brexit ? 
  yes , it does . 
  this is a harder brexit than the vote leave campaign proposed . 
  during the campaign vote leave said the referendum was not about leaving the common market , it was only about our membership of the eu . 
  yet , it looks like the uk will leave several long-established big european agreements , none of which were included in the eu referendum . 
  i think that if people had known we would also leave the common market vote leave would not have won . 
   that 's would be no excuse of course not . 
  i was waiting for the workers to pile in and beat the crap out of him . 
  but , he has their money . 
  i 'm guessing his company has serious financial problems , which may account for his outrageous behaviour . 
  that 's a cypriot accent . 
  people often give away their true accent when they get angry . 
  we should also remember , when she was groomed online , she was legally a child . 
  for that to be true , the uk govt would need a strategy and some goals . 
  it has neither . 
  greece is a country in the world . 
  r/adri4n85 is correct to point out a lot of the money will not be paid back . 
  he/she is also correct in referencing the fact that greece has a history of not paying back a lot of government debt . 
  what is this , the_donald ? 
   how about a naval blockade instead ? 
  they 've been trying that for years . 
  [ does n't make any difference ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/07/11/eu-anti-migrant-naval-mission-med-failure-lords-report-finds/ ) . 
  in fact , it 's been dreamed `` a complete failure '' . 
  an [ improved version ] ( https://i.imgur.com/pc2p61g_d.jpg?maxwidth=640&amp;shape=thumb&amp;fidelity=high ) . 
  i liked [ the trump jnr one ] ( http://g8fip1kplyr33r3krz5b97d1.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/81_197799-1024x724.jpg ) . 
  summed up his defence very well . 
  a very good pre-brexit benchmark . 
  let 's see where london is ranked in 2 or 3 years . 
  i agree . 
  but there will need to be a big change in public opinion ; first , to allow the referendum , second to have a remain result . 
  uk politics is crazy now , anything can happen . 
   the graph in the article suggests that it varies between 0 and 40 % . 
  the 40 % coincides with blair pushing for the uk to join the euro - it 's referenced in the text above . 
  cameron 's referendum came at a time the british public were least concerned about uk 's membership of the eu . 
  so many brexiters go on about fishing rights and german cars . 
  it 's become a mantra . 
  i have a mate , who grew up in london , like me . 
  he talks about how great it 's going to be for the uk to get it 's fishing rights back . 
  i 'm pretty sure , he has absolutely no idea what he talking about . 
  and whether the uk does or not , will not affect him in the slightest , he rarely even eats fish . 
   who is going to be satisfied with a soft brexit ? 
  [ polls show ] ( http://www.politics.co.uk/comment-analysis/2017/03/21/fresh-polling-shows-britain-doesn-t-want-a-hard-brexit ) most brits will be accepting of a soft brexit . 
  there 's been a hardcore of 30-40 % who want a hard brexit . 
  we 'll see how long that lasts if some economic costs start to come into play . 
  before cameron called a referendum , less than 10 % of the uk public thought uk membership of the eu was one of the most important issues facing britain . 
  euroscepticism was an internal tory party issue . 
  here 's [ an article and poll ratings from 1990 - 2012 ] ( https://www.economist.com/news/britain/21570717-david-cameron-has-given-landmark-speech-europe-delighting-his-party-he-now-needs-change ) , when the article was published . 
  mate . 
  on the uk side there 's no plan , no goals , no wish list , no strategy , no end game ; other than to maintain a conservative party government . 
  the moment opinion polls show a lack of support for brexit , the uk negotiators will go for the softest brexit possible ; while polls show a reasonable support for brexit , the govt will push for a hard brexit - that 's all you need to know . 
  it 's a farce . 
  the brexit referendum was created to keep the conservative party together , the idea of a hard brexit was created to crush ukip support , now a soft brexit may be persued to keep the tories in power . 
  i 'm ahead of the game . 
  left at end of october . 
  hoping to be able to stay on in sunny deutschland and continue building my business after brexit . 
   took us long enough . 
  the construction technology has recently improved enough to allow very high buildings on london 's clay soils . 
  manhattan had sky scrappers early due to its hard bedrock . 
  op 's got a bit rhetorical with the title : `` corporate elite '' . 
  i can imagine them , sitting round a table , eating hideously expensive profiteroles , while slumped back in their golden chairs laughing evilly about their next dastardly plan . 
  i moved to germany last october . 
  i 'm learning the language , it 's an enjoyable challenge . 
  i 've rented out my london flat , difficult to sell it right now and it 's wise to take your time before deciding to buy in another country . 
  it 's possible to turn this self-destruction into something positive . 
  a new beginning . 
  members of the royal family , some politicians and reporters have been meeting the affected people . 
  does n't make sense that the prime minister did n't meet them . 
  let 's be honest , she 's not a people person . 
  i 'm someone who may well agree with most of his views ( btw : is he still an anti-vaxer ? 
  ) , yet his smug and flippant delivery means i can not watch him , so what 's the point of him , other than to massage his followers egos ? 
  this is the problem with many usa current affairs shows . 
  they use their position to appeal to the converted by making fun of those who do not agree with them . 
  you 've now got a situation in the usa where even having the truth does n't mean you 've won an argument , because you could n't resist humiliating your opponent , for entertainment purposes . 
  from across the pond here ( i 'm a brit living in germany ) the usa seems the most politically partisan country . 
  it 's not about what 's true , it 's about fighting for your team - frankenstein 's monster is the trump supporter . 
  politically , i 'm a centrist ; yet , i really ca n't stand bill maher . 
  he 's so very arrogant and smug , i find it impossible to watch him . 
  his type of show seems to be carefully designed to preach to the choir and make them feel superior . 
  it 's awful . 
  some of his jokes are n't actually jokes , yet the audience looses it . 
  usa current affairs humour shows are incredibly partisan .
