  i think the far-right and far-left of politics do n't like the eu , partly because they stop them from doing crazy things . 
  and some corporate lobbyists do n't like the eu because business life would be easier with fewer workers rights and no eu corporate oversight . 
  unfortunately , it appears [ there is no evidence of it being connected to longbowman at agincourt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/v_sign#origins ) , which i 'm really disappointed about as it 's a really good story that i 've been telling people for years . 
  btw : here 's [ the earliest ever recording of a v-sign ] ( https://youtu.be/i64ewblmtuy?t=57s ) - rotherham 1901 . 
   they 'd rather suffer further economic decline than continue to see their grip on power erode ... then farage would be useful if the dup want a balls-out isolationist , nationalist brexit . 
  bringing farage to the negotiation table means you are not looking to negotiate . 
  he 's a wrecking ball . 
  i ca n't imagine why the dup would want farage involved . 
  what can he offer them ? 
  he has no expertise and he 's in favour of a hard brexit , which the dup are against - due to the border with rep ireland . 
   i hope the recent election spells the slow death of this brexit madness . 
  with all my heart i hope you are right . 
  but , i fear things are only getting started . 
  a chunk of the uk population swallowed the brexit fantasy , hook line and sinker , they will not settle for anything less than a very hard brexit , no matter the cost . 
  i also listened to a farage interview today . 
  he says he will return to politics if a hard brexit does not happen . 
  tories often display a complete lack of shame . 
  it 's more likely to be that they really want to claim they 're back in govt . 
  they 're being impatient . 
  all political pundits i 've heard speak since the election are saying this . 
  you would hope so . 
  farron is a nice and genuine guy , but also a born again christian and often comes across as not serious enough , too much of a cheeky northern chappy . 
  they will have a new leader in a couple months . 
  unless there 's another election soon , due to a hung parliament . 
  agreed . 
  and i voted lib dem . 
  they got their election strategy wrong . 
  [ screaming lord such ] ( https://youtu.be/g8risvc1p-k ) was the charismatic cofounder . 
  unfortunately died in 1999 . 
  they may even be reduced to 3 seats . 
  that 's less than 1 % of mps . 
  as the original title states , it was a scuffle , not a fight . 
  may is nothing compared to thatcher . 
  it 's ridiculous to even think it . 
  say what you like about thatcher , she had an ideology and long-term goals . 
  she was a visionary and absolutely determined to achieve what she had in mind . 
  she developed her own political movement and was pro-european , she was a sheer force of nature who people will still refer to for a long time to come . 
  may is a temporary backroom opportunist , who always seems to be on the back-foot . 
  trump based his initial tweet on a false story from the drudge report . 
  khan was referring to an increased police presence , not the attack itself . 
  since then , instead of apologising , trump has doubled down , increasing criticism of khan . 
  there are many on the political left who perceive nato to be a tool of american imperialism . 
  it 's taken as a simple fact ; anyone disputing it is assumed to be naive and a victim of the right-wing media . 
  and the eu is believed to be a tool of global corporatists , designed to exploit the masses for the benefit of the rich . 
  at this point in history , much of the right and left have many of the same isolationist and nationalist goals , for different reasons . 
  until recently , he was a regular on rt. 
  in the uk far left , there are sympathies for the kremlin as it is seen as anti-american . 
  corbyn has also been a staunch critic of american and western foreign policy . 
  he 's generally anti-nato , anti-eu , anti-monarchy , anti-israel and has supported some of the left-wing populist movements in south america , like hugo chavez as well as being a vocal supporter of the cuban regime . 
  corbyn 's foreign policy views likely generally coincide with the kremlin 's . 
  cheers , mate . 
  it would be interesting to have someone describe for us the situation of all eu country armies , with regards to munitions and equipment compatibility . 
  perhaps it 's a nerdy request , but it has real practical implications in the event of a conflict . 
  i heard a lot of the point of the eu army is to get the different armies to start using the same ammo , small arms , etc. 
  as right now , it 's a real mishmash . 
  if nawaz wanted to be famous and wealthy , he 's chosen about the worst contemporary subject and a very strange path . 
  he 's been labelled an islamophobe by the southern poverty law centre and likely receives regular death threats . 
  only people who are interested in the subject of islamic extremism and religion in general seem to know about him . 
  he could have just done the interview circuit saying `` i used to be an extremist , now i 've reformed '' , telling everyone ` islam is a religion of peace ' . 
  most media would prefer that softer story . 
  maajid is one of the few voices in the uk acknowledging the extremism inside contemporary islam and actually trying to do something positive to reduce it . 
  almost all other public voices simply say that contemporary islamist terrorism has nothing to do with islam and anyone who says otherwise is racist/islamophobic , washing their hands of the subject . 
  this then hands the conversation to the far right , who do n't care about being called racist . 
  it would potentially be more to europe 's advantage to have its own replacement defence agreement , but that would weaken us influence in europe , which is part of the reason the us has historically said little about the underspend . 
  the disappearance of nato would mark a further decline in us geopolitical influence . 
   what a time to be alive exactly . 
  it 's worth taking a step back and soaking in what 's going on . 
  future generations will ask you to explain what happened and why . 
  very tough to answer , even now . 
  although , this headline is on the r/conspiracy front page right now ...  '' * is n't it fishy that trump sold saudi billions worth of arms and , in turn , saudi donated 100 million dollars to ivanka jr 's foundation ? 
  is n't this the same shit hrc was doing ? 
  * '' meanwhile , if you take a few mins to checkout the seth rich story , it 's so thin it 's laughable . 
  to the point that those peddling it are not doing it based on persuasive evidence . 
  it 's proper tin foil hat stuff . 
  i keep looking at t_d . 
  first , because i thought the subscribers were being honest , now i realise it 's self-conscious s ** t posting , for political reasons - a strategic decision , to spread doubt through the dissemination of fake news and conspiracy theories . 
  i think farage probably is a political fascist . 
  there 's a lower bar to fascism than many realise . 
  why are zero hours contracts always assumed to be bad ? 
  surveys of people on them show general satisfaction . 
  the tory party is the world 's oldest and most successful ( in terms of years in power ) political party of any democracy in the world . 
  i think it 's worth looking at how they 've managed it . 
  can some please explain what is significant about this video ? 
   glossing over '' misdeeds ' according to the article , they are rewriting the history of the invasions of entire countries . 
  no serious western historian denies the dresden firestorms or the atom bombing of hiroshima actually happened . 
  it 's [ charlie chuck ] ( https://youtu.be/pjzplfcoprq?t=38s ) . 
  i visit it occasionally . 
  it does n't look real/serious . 
  the entire subreddit is used by a handful of people with a multitude of bot accounts . 
  the number of upvotes per post and the language used is too uniform . 
  he sounds right in what he says , i just wish he was slightly less polemic in his delivery . 
  brexit looks like being a mess . 
  the tories will blame the eu and the tabloids will rile up the public into a xenophobic frenzy as england continues it 's march to the right . 
  the uk electoral system does not elect a leader either . 
  you can only vote for a local mp , as was demonstrated by may . 
  i use reddit to access a wider range of news and general information sources . 
  i usually try and avoid commenting , but as you can see , i give in from time to time . 
   * you needed three guys to beat up a guy that 's almost in his forties ? 
  what a bunch of maricas * i 'm a 44 year old living in berlin . 
  i run marathons and , until recently , did martial arts and boxing .
