brought peace . 
  and the wine . 
  irrigation . 
  medicine . 
  education . 
  it 's interesting that , during a time of very low confidence in the media , some journalists , have become senior politicians . 
  eg : bojo and banon . 
  there 's a long-established turkish-desent community here , particularly in neuk\u00f6lln and kreuzburg . 
  i think areas like wedding have a more recent immigrant population . 
  i 'm an immigrant myself . 
  perhaps a berliner can add detail . 
  you mean [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/a9l9wxgfl4k ) ? 
  should n't damage to a property be covered by the tenants deposit ? 
  that 's how the mail has become the top-selling uk newspaper . 
  it 's great at attracting attention to itselfand appealing to prejudices . 
  its goal is to sell newspapers . 
  two different focuses for the protests : in belarus it 's a tax on the unemployed , in russia it 's new evidence of gross corruption by the prime minister . 
  underlying factors are a sustained drop in oil prices and growing wealth inequality due to rampant corruption . 
  russia has by far the worst income inequality of any developed country . 
  just 110 people own 30 % of the country 's wealth . 
  russia is belarus ' biggest customer , by far . 
  so any drop in the russian economy has a knock-on effect . 
  large numbers forming at the unsanctioned moscow demonstration . 
  [ video ] ( https://twitter.com/gissisim/status/845980227176222720?s=09 ) . 
  you 're not going to get the lib dems , conservatives or labour ever suggesting welsh independence . 
  it will only ever start with a local welsh political party - as it has in scotland . 
  both the us election and the brexit result were within their margins of error . 
  frustrated by the inability of western media and politicians to accept that attacks by islamic terrorists are actually motivated by islam , last year isis published the article [ `` why we hate you and why we fight you '' ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/nabeel-qureshi/isis-is-killing-us-because-we-are-not-muslim_b_11793770.html ) . 
  their stated main reasons are in this order of importance : 1 . 
  because you do not believe in islamic monotheism . 
  because you do not obey allah . 
  because of the atheists among you . 
  because of your crimes against the religion of islam . 
  because of your crimes against muslims . 
  because of your invasion of muslim lands . 
  which is clearly stated below the article . 
  i posted this link as he does a good job of summarising the pros and cons , weaknesses and strengths of wales and its chances of independence . 
  ** the article should be judged on its quality , not the political membership of the author . 
  i 'm sure it 's been said before : trump speaks like a young boy . 
  his limited vocabulary and constant need to dodge responsibility and blame , seems pathological . 
   you do n't understand what i mean by proportionate . 
  i understand what proportionate means . 
  our disagreement may be about what constitutes spending on london . 
   high speed 2 is a planned high-speed railway in the united kingdom linking london , birmingham , the east midlands , leeds and manchester . 
  [ around a third of all uk tax revenue currently comes from london ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/a-third-of-uk-tax-comes-from-london-report-says-a7126756.html ) . 
  yet , it only accounts for ~ 12 % of the uk population . 
  [ 30 % of all uk taxes are currently contributed by london ] ( http://www.centreforcities.org/press/london-generating-30-uk-economy-taxes-serious-implications-post-brexit-britain/ ) . 
  remove ni & scotland from the uk and something close to 50 % of tax revenue would come from london . 
   lol fuck off . 
  i 'm in berlin . 
   the mayor does n't have that kind of power and london is not united in anyway politically . 
  sure . 
  a mayor or even a first minister of scotland can not self-declare independence . 
  if there is a hard brexit , expect the london mayor to jockey for a significant increase in power . 
  this is a first step . 
   you sound like a pretentious urbanite . 
  an urbanite ? 
  definately . 
  it 's what many londoners are . 
  added to that 33 % of londoners are from overseas . 
  they have little attachment to england ; many are like me and seldom go to england . 
  combine that with the aftereffects of brexit , ni & scotland leaving the union . 
  no more gb . 
  [ londoners know london generates 33 % of british taxes ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/money/2016/jul/07/london-top-taxpaying-city-uk-report ) and yet does n't receive its fair share of those taxes , as they are sent out to the rest of the country . 
  the seeds for discontent are sitting there , currently silent . 
   mind telling me where the londoners with these holier-than-thou-city-state attitudes are ? 
  because i have n't met any in person ( and i work in islington ! ), 
  meow !, 
  hardly any londoners speak about london independence . 
  there was a flurry of interest after the referendum , which was mainly an emotional response to the result . 
  the lack of interest in an independent/devolved london will change when scotland and ni leave . 
  the same mindset that caused brexit will drive that change . 
  is part of the reason for the current political stress in belarus , because russia wants to build at least 2 more bases in belarus and lukushenko wo n't let them ? 
  - what i was told by a belarussian living in the uk . 
  i appreciate there are also economic issues . 
  also born and bred londoner . 
  do n't underestimate how different london is from the rest of england . 
  if the govt achieves a hard brexit we will be in uncharted territory . 
  we 'd have scoffed at the brexit result and trump 12 months ago . 
  at the very least , the mayor of london , at that time , should leverage london 's financial strength to gain greater autonomy . 
  william the conqueror 1066 and all that . 
  rather than take anecdotes from people on reddit , you can read about the historic status of [ the city of london here ] ( https://www.cityoflondon.gov.uk/about-the-city/about-us/pages/history-of-the-government-of-the-city-of-london.aspx ) . 
  i 'm a third-generation londoner . 
  of course the city of london is a square mile - that 's it 's alternative name . 
  only 8k people live in the city of london . 
  i referred to london , meaning greater london . 
  politically , economically , historically , culturally , london is very different to the rest of england . 
  i am currently in germany , i self-identify as a londoner . 
  i do not identify as english , other than when the football is on . 
  living in london , i travelled out to ` england ' 3 times in the past 8 years , yet i travelled to other countries dozens of times . 
  my relationship with england is very common for a londoner . 
  anyone know why these people were allowed to protest ? 
  is it a sign lukashenko currently wants to look a little to the west ? 
  i know belarus likes to leverage its position : between russia and the eu . 
  if ni and scotland leave the union , look to london next . 
  that seems a ridiculous thing to say now , but there are very real differences between london and the rest of england . 
  also the city of london was historically seperated from the rest of england and londoners know that . 
  the border between ni and ireland is complex . 
  some of the roads connecting villages cross the border 4 times . 
  it 's practically impossible to implement a hard border .
