  \u0130sraeli-arab question is not a big cause for a turk . 
  its a foreign policy thing for majority other than minority political islamists . 
  even you couldnt find single rightist who support their muslim fellows who supported by turkish leftists . 
  you can not compare patriotism of turkish people with their nonguaranteed support for their muslim fellows . 
  these lands are not given to turks by anyone for free . 
  a lot happened in the last 1000 years . 
  its the history of a nomadic nation make a land theirs . 
  its pretty normal for turks to think their land is sacred . 
  you can not expect them to think their land is just a bunch of stolen land . 
  as for the israeli-arab conflict , i just dont care about any of them . 
  i dont understand why do you think all turks support palestinian cause . 
  if eu does n't want turkey to join why does n't they cancel the eu accession of turkey ? 
  there is two side of the game . 
  they make an exception for conscripts . 
  no religious funeral service thing is only for professional soldiers . 
  it is still wrong but i wanted to make clarify that . 
  why do eu countries make it look like they really want turkey in eu ? 
  it doesnt make any sense . 
  un ca n't even slam iraq . 
  they 're our refugees . 
  we should n't let them out even if they want to go to eu at cost of their lives . 
  we should consider shooting every refugee who attempts to cross greece . 
  we should defend eu borders no matter what it takes . 
  it 's our honorful duty as turks , 
  why should we want to integrate refugees in our society because it 's easier than eu . 
  they have entirely different mindset to us beside speaking different language . 
  you 're missing my point . 
  yeah that was n't the best song greece sent till now but i really like the kemenche and davul ( i do n't know what you call it ) parts , 
  poor cyprus . 
  her best buddy could n't into finals . 
  it 's not true . 
  turkish people maintains the secular mindset . 
  gdp of turkey in 2001 was 200 billion $ , now is 1 trillion $ . 
  reality is opposite of what you said . 
  people get richer and get in touch with outside world more often . 
  akp itself is not hardcore islamist by any definiton . 
  they 're bunch of corrupt guys wtih authoritarian leader with no alternative in turkish policy but nowhere near being hardcore islamist . 
  isis call it that way nowadays , 
  it 's a non-binding agreement . 
  where 's that been written ? 
  do n't swim too far :d, 
  if eu rejects that deal then we should also call them blackmailers . 
  afterall this is how the diplomacy works in these days . 
  yes i agree with you . 
  this is eu 's own problem . 
  first they should try to solve it by themselves . 
  as a turk i do n't understand those people think visa-free travel and 3billion euro are so big deal . 
  from my point of view being eu 's refugee dump is not worth visa-free travel and 3 billion euros . 
  what does turkiefied kurd mean ? 
   i just do n't understand . 
  why are we giving anything to turkey in the first place ? 
  if one is not a genuine refugee , he should be returned to turkey , same as happens literally everywhere on the planet nope . 
  it does n't happen anywhere on planet but eu . 
  if the migrants are not citizens of turkey , we have no obligation to accept them . 
  you have to send them to their home country . 
  i do n't see any isis controlled area near hatay on that map . 
  if you mean those two small pockets in rebel territory , it just does n't make any sense . 
  why would turkey give any weapons to them ? 
  to fight against rebels ? 
  nope . 
  there is not any logical or possible scenario for doing that also without being seen by anybody in the field . 
  trucks seized in hatay province . 
  it 's nowhere near isis controlled areas . 
  probably going to fsa rebels . 
  i think these guys did n't commit any crime but they did definetely a shameful journalism work there . 
  well a couple of days ago i looked at the list of non-eu countries exempt from visa . 
  i just wonder what eu demanded from those countries for example uae , israel . 
  you see this kind of attitudes makes me sick . 
  you ca n't just decide what is good for me . 
  also i 'm not supporting erdogan . 
  i even voted for hdp ( pro-kurdish party ) before conflict restarted . 
  as i said i 'm the one of the people who does n't like erdogan but he 's clearly right this time . 
  i 'm doubtful that eu terrorism laws will work in turkey . 
  i think also they are not efficient even in eu countries . 
  we learned hard lesson about terrorism in turkey since late 80s . 
  you may be right about civil rights manner but security situation in se turkey and isis cells are the main problem here . 
  whatever . . 
  i was actually against this deal from the beginning . 
  it was just absurd that putting refugee deportations , some money , visa-free travel , anti-terrorism laws in the same deal . 
  i 'm not happy with your concerns about refugee flow to eu but my country already suffers massive refugee and terrorism problems so i could n't care much for you guys . 
  you 're right we face so many problems but i was generally talking about refugee deal . 
  i 'm all for erdogan for this . 
  narrowing the definition of terrorism is not acceptable for now . 
  everyday we 're hearing news of a couple of soldiers killed . 
  monthy there happens a suicide bomb attack in cities . 
  it 's irresponsible move to weaken the anti-terrorism laws at the moment . 
  if that 's the must for a visa free travel , i 'm definetely against it . 
  it 's just not worth for a visa free travel . 
  cancel the agreement as soon as possible and let eu deal with their own problem . 
  it 's not turkey 's problem . 
  we have already 2,5-3m refugees . 
  what could be the worse ? 
  it 's awesome . 
  i hope she is rich otherwise it 's really cruel for her  ), 
  they do n't need to imprison hpd mp . 
  if they call for an early election , hpd is just too far from passing the threshold . 
  maybe they were commies , who knows ? 
  lol, 
  yeah you maybe right , people love the new shirt . 
  i 'm one of the minority who does n't .
