probably only one of those maps that bulgaria and romania did n't get the answer as `` poor '' . 
  lol, 
  author has no idea about secularism in turkey . 
  personally i do n't see secularism falling apart in near future in turkey . 
  secularism is well get into the minds of turkish people . 
  its not easy to tear it apart so easily . 
  many people in turkey have problems with akp government but turkish people never lost their faith to secularism at all even they voted akp for 15 years . 
  akp actually became mainstream party after turning from their hardcore islamist roots . 
  if they had n't done that they will end up a party with max 10 % votes . 
  today we are seeing country increases authocratic tendencies and pro moderate islamist foreign policy but as a citizen of turkey and an atheist i never feel secularism under a serious threat . 
  people did n't become radical islamist . 
  there 's not much difference in people 's lifestyle before and after akp at all . 
  european countries ' perceptions generally driven by foreign policy of turkey . 
  i understand that but it is quite misleading about turkish people . 
  a few weeks ago he was calling for a military coup in turkey . 
  this is nonsense . 
  i 'm pretty sure if azerbaijani isis members return home , they will start shooting azerbaijan forces first . 
  source ? 
  i do n't hear anybody speaking azerbaijani so i 'm not sure this is real . 
  because everybody has their version of ataturk . 
  in the short term 3billion $ will not stop refugee flow . 
  it 's imposible stop them flowing without increasing their life standards . 
  also you cant monitor thousands of kilometers sea border so they will keep going to greece another 2-3 years . 
  so we should get ready to eu politicians ' ignorant accusations . 
  this summer will be hotter than ever , 
  guess who let the 150k kobani kurds in when isis attacked kobani ? 
  yes , just a few of them pass through land route . 
  probably 99 % of them using the aegean route . 
  in turkey smoking is forbidden interior places . 
  big amount of places are follow the rules with adding a small internal open air place where people can smoke . 
  some of them did n't care about law . 
  some of them set free the smoking after midnight . 
  turkey is safe country but you ca n't send them to turkey . 
  i 'm happy for those who made it to eu . 
  they 'll have better lives for sure . 
  but i do n't see any decrease in refugees in turkey inspite of crazy amount of flow . 
  or maybe we 're not realising because they 're getting replacements from syria . 
  they should go to eu if they want a wealthy life . 
  turkey is a poor country syrian friends . 
  absolutely you will be more happy in germany . 
  do n't spend your precious years living in misery in turkey . 
  yeah probably  until 2009/2010 eu supported akp with all power . 
  hardcore secularists was more anxious about secularism in those first years of akp rule than now . 
  then they changed their mind in around 09/10 and withdraw their support for akp . 
  what happened and akp turned being islamists from being liberal democrats ? 
  they actually does n't give a shit about internal politics of turkey . 
  their attitude towards turkey formed by our foreign policy ( davos , mavi marmara , arab spring , syrian war , egyptian coup , kurdish question ), 
  believe me noone cares about merkel 's visit to turkey or eu report . 
  probably you ca n't find one single person who has sympahty with merkel in turkey . 
  she is basically enemy of the turks in people 's mind . 
  nobody cares about also eu commission reports because people lost their hope for joining the eu even if we have perfect democracy some day . 
  people just thinks no matter what we do , they 'll never welcome us . 
  carrot-stick policy will not work since there 's not any carrot, 
  man . . 
  it 's so embarassing to read most of turks ' comments . 
  most of them are childish and full of inferiority complex . 
   because they joined in on the syrian civil war almost exclusively to bomb syrian kurdistan , rather than daesh ( isis ) , despite daesh being far more dangerous . 
  ( kurdistan separatists only did a few car bombs , where as daesh is responsible for the worst terrorist attack in turkish history ) . 
   isis attacks does n't effect their daily lives but since the time ceasefire ended with pkk they 're badly affected from violence . 
  pkk made their streets a war zone . 
  shops are closed , curfews , bombs , rpgs in the streets , sabotages against electricity , water , telephone , internet infrastructure , tourists are gone etc. 
  conservative kurds mostly care about stability , economy . 
  they are also irritated by pkk 's anti religious and nationalist tone . 
  historically they 're tend to vote for conservatism blended center right turkish parties . 
  kurds are not under oppression in turkey . 
  there are lots of kurdish language schools . 
  they are free to publish books or songs etc in kurdish . 
  kurdish became preferreble lesson in public schools . 
  there are lots of kurdish tv channels . 
  they 're represented by more than 100 people under hdp and akp in the parliament . 
  probably kurds of turkey are so far most free and wealthy ones compared to other states in the me . 
  we may still have some more problems to solve but there is one thing im am sure turkish kurds are living in better conditions than uyghurs of china, 
  article is very misleading . 
  man calls the dead pkk terrorist as dog . 
  it is similar to call isis terrorist a dog . 
  i am not trying to say insulting a dead person is good but its not racism obviously . 
  your assumption is great but you ca n't apply it to turkish ruling party but its possible for pkk to rally kurdish majority even though i do n't think they 're responsible for the attack . 
  when your goal is to rally the ethnic majority behind your party , first you have to be victim or victimize your ethnic group by secret operations . 
  harming other groups will not give you support of your belonged ethnic group . 
  and you 're probably forgetting one thing erdogan is trying to gain kurds support . 
  turkish political scene is more complex than you can think . 
  people seeks strong man if they have a certain enemy but unidentified terror attacks wo n't lead people to vote for a `` strong man '' . 
  contrary to your approach people will hold government responsible for the security weakness . 
  i 'm not erdoganist but i ca n't answer what 's the akp 's interest form this bombing ? 
  i ca n't even find one . 
  this bombing will cause a rise in hdp 's votes but i do n't think also pkk do this . 
  please dont blame anyone before the investigation . 
  as a liberal atheist turk i want to comment on your false knowledge of turkish secularism . 
  actually secularism has strong roots in our country . 
  i do n't believe erdogan can phase it out . 
  in turkey secularism is well established and people internalized it contrary to other muslim states . 
  turkey established secularism slowly since the middle of the 19th century reforms . 
  erdogan is a wannabe autocrat and his foreign policy is disaster thats true but people vote him not because they want sharia . 
  they 're just conservative people . 
  day by day secular people are increasing by the urbanization and improving economy . 
  turkey probably become more secular than 15 years ago . 
  on the contrary anatolia was devastated and scarcely populated land when turks came . 
  population mostly settled in coastal areas . 
  when turks came hundeds of thousands ( probably one of the greatest migrations in history ) there was nothing to stop them . 
  number of turks coming to anatolia have just overwhelmed already settled indigenous people .
