  most do it because of the opportunities it provides them , as in you have a higher chance to become rich , because of the more pronounced extremes ( the poorer poors and richer richs ) . 
  still , much of it , at least among wealthier countries is but an idiolised relic of the past . 
  which is veeeeerrrryyyy weird imo . 
  it heavily depends on how proactive the individual countries are in proposing sites , not the actual absolute number of them . 
  it 's a somewhat faulty listing . 
  indeed , turkey seems to be in the same league as the latter you 've mentioned , i mean [ g\u00f6bekli tepe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g\u00f6bekli_tepe ) is still not listed by the unesco and anyone questioning the incredible value of those extremely ancient and meticulously crafted ruins must be a potato , although they do plan on changing that . 
  well , causation , one plays in the hand of the other . 
  furthermore no one ever questioned our choice of lifestyle and passion for food , 
  afaik countries themselves have to propose sites to be categorised and as the turkish poster below me semi-seriously noted , that does not seem to be as popular abroad as it is in europe . 
  besides , i 'm not convinced of the criteria that need to be met in order to classify them as cultural heritage , because there are some sites that put the official ones to shame and yet they are not listed . 
  satire show , they mock politicians , news broadcast , entertainers , etc. 
  silly me , of course , [ cheers !, 
  actually italy has the most of any country in the world , however the map is n't accurate at all , as the aegean is also full of it and i count merely four dots there . 
  also should n't turkey be bursting full with it ? 
  in fact we have the most in the [ world ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_world_heritage_sites_in_italy ) : `` as of july 2014 , italy has 50 total sites inscribed on the list , making it the country with most world heritage sites '' for once , number one at something that is n't negative . 
  crack the champagne open , we have to celebrate . 
  implying the paycheck is the only measurement . 
  cuba , or spain , the former because it has taken steps in societal development i am very fond of , as forced as they were and spain because it 's basically italy . 
  i 'm aware of it and that 's what i meant , there is at least one demographic who uses it that way , wheres abroad it just causes a `` uhhh '' look as respons all the time . 
  wait , is portugal light blue , or did it follow atlantis ? 
  did you eat too mean cereals this morning for being so serious ? 
  ease up , it was a joke , that phrase is n't used to pick a fight outside the british isles . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  burek and all the other pies are like the corner stone to start off a day well . 
  balkan cuisine is to me the perfect counter part to italian one ( although i have also a soft spot for spicy south asian and mexican one ) . 
  they are n't just `` pies '' . 
  our bureaucracy is crawling to say the least , like an ied victim who lost all it 's limbs save for one arm with the thumb still attached . 
  perhaps all limbs even , dragging itself forward solely with the teeth . 
  that said , it seems to me there are less bollocks convictions/acquittals than abroad from what i can gather . 
  edit : i might add that in this case it probably has more to do with the absolute disgrace of conviction of the geologists/seismologist in connection with the l'aquila earthquake . 
  that was just ... i have no words for it . 
  we do ? 
  last i checked our carriers had no fuel to operate . 
   bad-ass that 's precisely the point , not so much about paying respect as it is in idiolised veneration . 
  while leonidas might be seen as `` bad-ass '' , he was the king of a very rigid and unforgiving hierarchic society of slaves ( helots ) and chosen spartans , who made warfare their craftsmanship . 
  i 'm convinced this soldier and all the others are not paying respect to him and the rest for these qualities , nonetheless it can skew perception to a dangerous degree as our history showcases . 
  taking pride in the past is something anybody can do , regardless of our own actions , whereas i believe we should promote our own doings and uplift them in order to honour something we created , or did on our own . 
  we all have history , we all have a country of origin and while we should preserve those things and remember them as the things they were , taking pride in them seems to me almost as pointless as being proud of your skin , or eye colour . 
  this does not mean we should n't praise selected individuals , groups and achievements , however they should be a global constant not tied to a specific ideology , ethnicity , or nation but the collective human memory instead . 
  edit : spelling, 
  home is where you make it to be . 
  hmm , sounds fairly straight forward , [ to the liquor store !, 
  what exactly are you getting at ? 
  in case you have n't noticed , they 've been killing each other for a year flat in ukraine with thousands of dead and hundreds of thousands displaced , entire swaths of land ravaged and big parts of the infrastructure have been destroyed , while people left , or started fighting for their respective affiliation . 
  those are scars that will take a looooooonnnggg time to heal and the possibility of it to happen in an intact/united ukraine is close to nil . 
  the region i live in has experienced acts of terrorism and insurrection following the gifting of the former austrian territory to italy and the resulting fascist persecution , none of which has lead to a ( civil ) war and thus no separation . 
  i have serious trouble following your train of thought , or your point in general . 
  there was a civil war in czechoslovakia ? 
  til !, 
  seriously now , at least pretend reading my comment , no one said a peaceful split/coexistence is n't possible , merely that once shits the fan , there is no going back to normal . 
  to add a little bit : - low moral for ukrainians , while high one for the seps - home turf vs unknown terrain, 
  if by friendly you mean reserved and require a crowbar to pry open and engage in a proper conversation , then yes . 
  immigrant here ( from yugoslavia originally , bosnian part ) : the food but that 's nothing i can not fix with some special grocery and cooking , not that it 's `` better '' , merely different . 
  except for that , i ca n't really think of anything , i love italy and it 's people despite all their flaws and it 's more home to me than my country of origin ever was . 
   they do a lot of stuff themselves etc. 
  really ? 
  that 's also quite common in italy , i thought it was the norm for most parts of europe , except for the shittier places in each country . 
   do you believe results of 20 years old referendums make sense now ? 
  is crimea wiling to remain part of ukraine ? 
  because i brought that up as proof that the people there did not suddenly jump at the new government but that the plan for secession has been long in the making , the latest events were merely the straw that broke the camel 's back . 
  are the separatist just going to pack bags and say `` yup , good run guys '' after all the blood spilled ? 
  the animosity between the regions and the people there is gigantic by now and no coexistence for several decades is even imaginable . 
  name me a single country of the last century which has undergone a civil war split between two nations that did not result in a dissolution . 
  no matter how the conflict pans out , ukraine is fractured and wo n't recover , any further fueling of the fighting will just lead to yet another balkan , if all parties involved were seriously interested in what is best for the people , not the governments and other institutions , then they 'd step right in and organise a fully monitored , unbiased poll/vote/referendum . 
  i say this as yugoslavian , not italian , i 've seen this very war come and go already and there is no fixing it . 
  i think what / u/bananapeelslippers is getting at is the selective confirmation bias . 
  while russia is clearly supporting the separatists by funneling equipment and personnel into eastern ukraine , it 's still a civil war , a war among locals , one that did not just kick off last year but has a long history of attempted secession . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_referendum,_1994 whereas most of the posters on reddit paint it as direct invasion by russia , without any form of demand by the locals for intervention and the current course of action is just worsening the situation for the people there . 
  emotional and selective reporting is the bane of an objective world , let alone the loud mouth hypocrites on both ( all ) sides . 
   not in this country , nor do i have the impression that the will for vigilante justice ( is it justice at all ? ), 
  is widely spread throughout europe . 
  whether you believe there is a chance , or not is irrelevant , the possibility is there and if it happens , what will you say ? 
  shit happens ? 
   people that break the law go to jail - and no one misunderstoods that fact of life . 
  which is all nice and dandy , unless some wacko decides to burn down the house of his family , damaging property , or perhaps even killing somebody . 
  of course that is merely a very slim chance but if it were to happen , there would be no excuse for it . 
   the parents of the co-pilot should be able to go on with their lives as any other family member of the victims , even though his name gets public . 
  in the end , the name of the co-pilot would leak out some way or another , especially in today 's world . 
  just because it is the norm for the media to tear asunder ever bit of information to publicly start sensationalism campaigns , which are so common nowadays , does in no way mean we should tolerate , let alone support such damaging behaviour . 
   you have the right to face your accuser , so why should you not be allowed to know the name of the killer of one of your loved ones as well as information about his psychological state ? 
  the families of the victims should not be left behind with open questions out of the fear for some outdated vendetta event . 
  because he 's dead ? 
  he did not escape , he wo n't come back and haunt them , what purpose does a name serve ? 
  will they raise a shrine to damn him until the end of days ? 
  i would fully understand and support such a notion if the perpetrator was still alive , however he is n't and the possibility of negative backclash hitting innocent people ( well , unless his family instigated it too but that 's another story ) for no closure to the victims whatsoever is unacceptable in my book . 
  anger is irrational and undirected , as seen here : http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/09/14/ar2007091401650_pf.html, 
  i did , civil war happened :(, 
  look at mr.whiner over here , try 500kb/s in a city ... 
  [ obligatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtmih9ujtxm ), 
  i see you are not familiar with mob justice , if things go haywire , lots of angry family members and others will have a target to unload upon for a nice witch hunt , which is the entire point of concealing identity in such cases . 
  i quote myself from above :  while a nice change of pace indeed , i 'll smoke an elephant cock if this passes within the next decade . 
  no , perhaps the day cthulhu emerges from the great abyss and hell freezes over there might be a ttttttttiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnyyyyy streak of chance . 
  currently you are more likely to see murder legalised . 
  feel free to analyse portugal , the netherlands , uruguay , or dozens of societies that have handled all sorts of substances , not just weed , as an integral part of their culture . 
  if health risks are your only concern , you should target junk food first and foremost ( leaving aside the whole implication of what an adult should be allowed to put into his own body ) . 
  while a nice change of pace indeed , i 'll smoke an elephant cock if this passes within the next decade . 
  did n't you know ? 
  the world is black and white and there is only the right way for the right people . 
  oh wow and i thought my 40mb/s for $ 20 was shitty . 
  so much passion .
