  isis definitely puts the infant to try . 
  perhaps because the socialist adventures of the former warsaw pact territories had less to do with socialism and had more fascist tendencies . 
  not long ago greece was ruled by a ruthless dictator , they are just making a logical choice and voting for what has been ignored ever since . 
  if this fails , it 's back to the ultras . 
  $ $ $ it was n't individual farmers , small time businesses are still going strong and i 'm hoping for a revival but large swaths of land under corporate control were auctioned to the highest bidder and the inexistent political integrity did nothing to avert that . 
  when your economy is failing , short term victories are being focused on by politicians to yield palpable results , no matter how harmful in the long run . 
   what happened to that beautiful country the past years/decades ? 
  how did it come so far ? 
  i honestly can not say , for one a lot of the eu regulations hit several sectors pretty hard . 
  they were fairly productive but not very standardised and as such had to cut back massively to fit the new criteria . 
  the expansion of the schengen area and the eu towards the east has opened up market opportunities to transfer the industry abroad away from these tight restriction into gray areas and the crops to the south , who used to have high quality products under organic growing conditions have been sold to north american companies , disregarding eu regulations and causing fines on top of reducing productivity . 
  in the late 80s italy had it 's investments on point , however any sort of innovation has now abandoned the country with the worsening diaspora and brain-drain . 
  meanwhile the 90s marked the end of any organised leftist movement and as such the political balance swayed heavily in one direction , consolidating the status quo and allowed for the current stagnation to occur , resulting in the rise of our well known national icon , sir berlusconi the great , the impeccable , the honest white knight of the only moral institution in our country , the mafia . 
  alright , i 'm swaying off into hyperboles , to sum it up , tough luck fits it best , shaky politics , shady mentality ( read work ethos ) of a good chunk of the country and the way the eu developed . 
  years ago we used to joke eastern europe would solve it 's issues before us , now this vision is getting closer to reality each day . 
   well the lower euro will probably bring some relieve ? 
  hopefully , although knowing our competence , it will be wasted under thunderous applause . 
   what do you think is the real problem ? 
  corruption/bureaucracy ? 
  crawling bureaucracy was always a thorn in the side of the country but it 's corruption and the widespread nepotism . 
  heads and committees of failing , or failed companies make millions , while workers are being laid off their jobs en mass . 
  sacking of security fonds and slashing down on social services ( we are talking about people not receiving pensions ) , which are then directed to international accounts and no oversight of the governing/regulatory bodies , or the direction of their resources just spells failure in big letters . 
  if it were n't for tourism and cultural heritage , italy would have turned into the fiscal black hole it actually is behind it 's facade following the emigration of a great chunk of the industry . 
  even the agricultural sector is being sacked and sold for change . 
  people do n't want to face it but if it continues at this rate , the 70s and 80s will appear peaceful compared to the possibility of a crumbling political and societal landscape . 
  the coming years will be interesting to say the least . 
  children are leaving jack shit , a 13-year old is going nowhere on his own , his entire family went there and as such it 's their responsibility and their fault for being deluded beyond the point of no return . 
  have we forgotten the child soldiers in the african war theaters already ? 
  this is hardly a novelty , as sad as it is . 
  dogmatism does not care about your age , social standing , background , or philosophy . 
   i 'm sure they would like to have that back , that 's why i think this devaluation is very welcome for specifically italy and spain . 
  unlikely to happen , italy 's industry has been severely tackled and will most likely not recover . 
  i fear the country might remain in this perpetual limbo , or come crashing down eventually . 
  signs of recovery are at least no where visible on the horizon and the stagnating politics , coupled with the meager opportunities scare off investors . 
  what about your dimensional twin , c\u00f4te d'ivoire ? 
  the problem are the many conflicting viewpoints , ideas and approaches on this matter . 
  it 's literally impossible to come to a conclusion without someone strong handing it forcefully . 
  i for one am not convinced of a eu military force , or how conceivable it is , neither am i looking forward to an increased expenditure , as the objectives for a such an army should be solely immediate defense and no force projection in terms of foreign policy whatsoever , two points on which britain and france ( and those cheeky dutch ) would not agree on as long as they have ties to former colonies and oversea territories on top of being counter productive towards the general goal of demilitarisation . 
  there are far more points , some which would take pages to explain but / u/kin-luu has addressed quite a few . 
   try milan or naples next time . 
  ftfy, 
   it 's not too much though . 
  almost no military in europe has the infrastructure to manage a conflict outside of their borders , let alone continent why should they tho ? 
   how many transport aircraft , refueling ships , air tankers , satellites would it take for germany to fight a conflict in even ukraine ? 
  no country in europe , except maybe for france and britain ( both of which have at least partial force projection ) has real interests in military action in terms of foreign affairs ( alright , might be a generalistion , since parts of eastern europe have a slightly different approach , however overall it 's valid ) . 
  as such , what happens in ukraine , stays in ukraine . 
  the sole purpose of a military in this time and age should be immediate defence , nothing more nothing less and that sort of policy is also a first step towards a demiltiarised world . 
  it 's still many magnitudes ( even relatively speaking ) more than most other nations on earth spend and in general simply too much . 
  most countries hardly spend 2 % of their gdp , let alone the over 4 % of the us . 
  same goes for greece , i mean [ take a look ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/g/r.aspx?v=132 ) what countries are on the top . 
  eh , not so fond of it , i 'm actually glad most euro countries are slashing down on expenditures . 
  our history with warfare is long and bloody ... i 'd welcome the us to join in and funnel it 's immense funds towards it 's populace . 
  goddammit why is the hatred running so deep , the balkans will eventually have to start growing closer again , one way , or another . 
  my god , the russians have developed a working age of empires monk , the end is nigh !, 
   his comment holds no weight with me because it isnt based in reality . 
  so superpowers ( or rulers in general ) have never lied to their population ? 
  did you just fall out of a womb ? 
  the red scare and the imperialist pig-dog propaganda never existed and are fictional ? 
   he is whining about problems that dont exist and i find him weak minded . 
  that is your opinion and as such carries even less weight than what he said . 
   he can believe whatever he wants to . 
  it doesnt mean i will respect it . 
  you do n't have to , what you have to do is acknowledge the veracity of it . 
  you do n't have to like him to acknowledge the veracity of his statement . 
  if you can live off welfare , how can there be homeless people ? 
  i know what you are getting at , however that just showcases the incoherence of the laws and regulations in place . 
  if some can live a decent life off welfare , while others can not get even basic necessities something is terribly wrong . 
  that 's a mighty fine gentleman stash . 
  interesting looking fella . 
   i 'm not saying that immigration is a bad thing , it 's natural and necessary . 
  but it should be a process of integration and assimilation . 
  mass immigration does n't help anyone , it alienates everyone . 
  now that 's more like it and i agree . 
   we 're human beings , we 'll never truly abolish either of those things . 
  it 's in our nature . 
  `` human nature '' argument is a fallacy , sure we have a set of basic instincts since birth , however as locke put it , the human is a tabula rasa , we are shaped by the environment we grow up in . 
  grow up among head hunters and you 'll consider that normality , grow up among fascists and you 'll be one , grow up in a world without borders as one people and that will constitute your views . 
  if you do n't believe me , look at the [ feral children ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pr-cwz4cchi ) , they have been isolated during their formating years and have lost even key abilities that define humans , like faculty of speech . 
  http://understandingsociety.blogspot.it/2007/11/is-there-such-thing-as-human-nature.html http://www.epjournal.net/wp-content/uploads/ep023246.pdf  newspapers did n't fabricate anything , they reported on the claims made by the bush administration , but they certainly never delivered those claims as unmitigated facts . 
  what female american soldier ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jessica_lynch there is even a whole wiki page about it : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/journalistic_scandal if you wish i can bombard you with links but please refrain from asking me , i already wasted so much time here . 
  google is a nice tool , you should be able to discover something yourself too . 
   i never said anything about a global conspiracy , but when your community 's responsible for a new terrorist incident every other week it 's in your best interests to get yourself some good pr . 
  standing in front of a mosque is a nice gesture , but it 's fairly empty . 
  is that a factual observation , or an assumption ? 
  it 's also quite unnecessary when looking at it from a personal pov . 
  do you feel responsible for the torture by british forces in iraq ? 
  should norwegians feel responsible for breivik ? 
  it 's the same logic here , they are forced to act because people throw around the word muslim , encompassing nearly a quarter of the world . 
  if i were in their shoes , i 'd say feck right off , how is it my deed what somebody does ? 
  everyone is responsible for their own actions . 
   the `` biggest victims of muslims , are muslims '' claim has always seemed very dubious to me , particularly when india 's suffered more international terrorism than any other country on earth . 
  do you have an actual source for your claim or are you just repeating it ? 
  see for yourself : http://www.globaltimes.cn/content/852357.shtml http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/07/us-mideast-crisis-toll-iduskbn0lb0dy20150207 https://www.iraqbodycount.org/database/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casualties_of_the_2011_libyan_civil_war well over 220.000 in those three countries alone , add pakistan , yemen and the rest and you 'll choke on your own words . 
  do me a favour and give me a quick run down on how many non-muslim have died at the hand of them ? 
  some 400 people have died in islamic terror attacks on european soil since 1990 this is what ignorance breeds , a vicious circle at it 's best . 
  an eye for an eye and the world will turn blind . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/12/us/muslim-student-shootings-north-carolina.html  do you have a source for that claim ? 
  muslims make up about 1.8 % of the legitimate population of italy , so i doubt those people are being arrested as illegals . 
  i believe nationalism is a useful ideology , that does n't make me a nationalist .
