  the migration flows will have shrunk now that less economic migrants come , and legit refugees are invited . 
  the advantage is that after libya , they 'll be entering more functional states , states that are capable of cooperating more with us . 
  baseless assumptions not grounded in reality . 
  what makes you think libya will be more successful handling the situation on their own ? 
  the flow of migrants will definitely not stop and this way we are forcing a failed state to carry the brunt of it . 
   i might add the same thing about the thoughts you share , but i do n't , i suggest you follow that example , or move along if you 're not capable of having a decent conversation . 
  i 'm giving you real life counter parts to showcase the falsity of your train of through , if you can give me examples where such a policy has worked in similar situations , by all means , do not hesitate . 
   they do not make it to europe , smugglers have nothing to offer , people looking for work know it is n't worth the risk . 
   only refugees remain , after that , europe will set up administrations where people can register in libya and invite refugees . 
  people will be processed in libya , every month we will allow x hundred people in of the most dire people in need . 
  the risks with the boats are well known , yet people take that risk , even those who are not displaced refugees and as long as there is a slim chance , it wo n't change . 
  anyone coming to libya wo n't remain in the country , because of obvious reasons and routes to the country via land are controlled and/or blocked , denying any possibility to escape from it . 
  the only effect this will have is undermining current smugglers and push them even further to the edge with the migrants being double at risk . 
  it 's a similar pattern seen in the war on drugs in latin america , you do n't solve an issue without tackling the roots of it , instead ending up merely shifting , or delaying it . 
  besides , if you believe the boats are the worst part of the journey , you are gravely mistaking , for those coming from war torn countries it 's self explanatory , however for sub-saharans the journey through the sahara is the single biggest hurdle , during which many of them perish . 
  what i 'm getting at is that this can not be solved by simply reducing the means for the human traffickers to get more over the mediterranean , it needs cooperation with the fragments of the libyan government and ensure the land routes for those who wish to go back are open , or any additional concerns are addressed . 
  you 'd be surprised how many sub-saharans are trapped in the country , in the literal sense of the word and how many traffickers are working with local warlords to make sure the only way out of the country is by boat . 
   giving us full control of the situation , the migration flows become much smaller , security risks smaller , and everybody is happy . 
  that 's a naive thought merely hard soil under somebody 's feet is necessary for satisfaction , this will unload responsibility from euro countries , to me that does not involve `` everyone '' . 
   europe has indeed never had any solutions , because there are no solutions except one ; tow all boats back to where they came from . 
  i 've heard this line so often , yet no one actually elaborated on it . 
  explain to me how this is a solution ? 
  delaying an issue does not solve it . 
  torturing your auditory and visual senses is fun ? 
  i must have thought of it differently all my life . 
  i ca n't speak for coming together and spool that up , as no one i know watches it , neither do the local pubs broadcast anything of the sort but the four and a half minutes i glanced into it three years ago just felt like a hot nail poking right through my skull . 
  the music was average at best and the cultural topic of the individual nations basically inexistent , unless poland 's heritage is the stereotype of slavic girls being easy . 
   83 % watched it last year in iceland ... 
  this is the only sad part about your post . 
  seriously , i 'm surprised anyone but pensioners watches that shit . 
  perhaps , however i meant it mostly in the sense of not losing the only country on the continent with enough legal gray area to sell it publicly . 
  . . but . . but all the dank weed !, 
  oh i 'd love to plasters those pricks out of existence alright . 
  thanks for the reply , it 's notoriously hard to find news on the actions of syriza within greece that does n't involve sarcastic retorts in regards to the outstanding war reparations and of course the never ending discourse about `` to default , or not to default , that is the question '' . 
  out of curiosity , have they achieved anything palpable at home yet ? 
  perfect solution : plaster denmark with wind turbines , that way we rid ourselves of two major problems plaguing our existence , power/pollution issues and people with potatoes in their throats . 
  i did n't mean to say it 's german hardware but us hardware stationed on a us base in germany , hence the insignia . 
  edit : seen your edit , as said , merely an assumption , i do n't know if germany fields any , or if the us adopts foreign symbols . 
  probably from a unit stationed at a german base . 
  spot on , i 'm not going to crack a smile for a 3 month growth but it definitely is something . 
  and that is related how ? 
  it 's a fitting example because it covers a similar set of issues , cultural aversion , lack of language faculties , a big amount of migrants in a short period of time , concerns about labour market and economical stability . 
  i can also talk about the exodus of some african countries , or the irish-italian migrations to north america , however those are harder to relate to and mostly in a different time . 
  the banality of your comment is just mind boggling . 
  asylum seekers = / = effective number of migrants . 
  few that land in italy actually choose the stay here , of the many , many who come by boat , a fraction receive asylum , others either get swept up into the bureaucratic nightmare that is italy ( basically a legal limbo and in some cases literally open air prison depending on the camp , i 'm not even kidding , our system goes as far as offering full housing and pay for a few , meanwhile others lack even basic necessities ) , while others avoid detection to reach wealthier countries as target destination . 
  this leaves a gigantic sum of people basically exempt from the labour pool due to their status as illegals and unregistered , creating homeless and increasing rates of crime , that 's what the policies are aimed at . 
  many were non-religious , others adopted either orthodox traditions , or non-religious practices and hardly anyone spoke hebrew , religions in general were not well looked upon in the ussr , so the knowledge remained mostly confined to a few echelons of the clergy . 
  it 's the reason why so many looked upon the immigration as negative thing , while prejudice and stereotypes started spreading , much like it is today . 
  148.000 soviet jews came to israel in 1991 , many lower class , with utter detachment from capitalism , the predominant societal traditions , religious aversion and not knowing the language , amounting to a total of almost a million by 2006 . 
  the equivalent of the net immigration of that time would be around 50 million people for the entirety of europe . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990s_post-soviet_aliyah many predicted the complete collapse of the labour market and soaring unemployment , funnily enough within two years production in israel skyrocketed and unemployment went down . 
  now , one can argue a bigger chunk of the refugees we take in are even less skilled , with an even bigger cultural gap , which is partial true , however we are nowhere near close of what is possible , the main issue being the fractured policies , lacking , or badly organised assistance and sporadic assignment to the labour market . 
  we can keep avoiding the central topic and shift blame on whatever else might fit , however it does n't change a damn thing about the bad inter - and intra-national policies in place to deal with this crisis . 
  the union , or even better , the whole continent should be united on this matter , instead of wasting time bickering and tip-toeing around it , because it 's not going to go away . 
  sarcasm , have to confirm those stereotypes , 
  fun fact , bp ( british petroleum ) used to be called anglo-iranian oil company , up until the very events you listed . 
  afghanistan early 70s , iran mid 60s and the last i 'm not sure , 60s as well i suppose , since it was the time of most movements and uprising and that looks like a protest . 
  most of it came from inner regional movements , iran for example was changed by the shah who ruled before and through wwii , after that he had been struck down for his poor choice of allies by the western powers , although he followed atat\u00fcrk 's example . 
  him succeeded his ruthless son and after that the democratically elected government had been toppled by the us , which reinstated the brutal regime of the shah . 
  afghanistan had been heavily invested in by the soviet union before anti-communist sentiment spread among fundamentalists supported by the us , which then lead to the first catastrophic war . 
  find me a comparable example today , even better , i 'll give $ 14.370 to any woman who walks kabul without a veil and a knee long dress . 
  of course they are not meant to be representative of the entire country/region , as if even here everything is homogeneous , i can still find places that are lterally frozen in time in certain parts of italy , however given that those pics are between 60 to 50 years old and that legislation at that time regarding women rights and other aspects was creeping close to western standards , seeing into what it has devolved now half a century later instead of progressing , is nothing short of utterly disheartening . 
  you seriously believe italian diplomats/agents are competent enough , or can be arsed to spy on others ? 
  not to argue about the current state of some parts of the me and asia but have people forgotten what [ afghanistan ] ( http://www.amnesty.org.uk/webfm_send/135 ) , [ iran ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/59/78/88/5978888f9ece82f7250145b5e6695765.jpg ) and [ others ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-zrg1sukiuae/tbcaw34gzhi/aaaaaaaadps/i3xxgfbc__m/s1600/66%2byears%2bago%2biran2.jpg ) looked like before they fell prey to geopolitical power games ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.popsci.com/environment/article/2012-10/daily-infographic-if-everyone-lived-american-how-many-earths-would-we-need ) is a simple graphic , [ this ] ( http://environmentalresearchweb.org/cws/article/news/54791 ) is a slightly more detailed article and if you have an hour to spare , [ this documentary ] ( http://www.disclose.tv/action/viewvideo/194765/cowspiracy_the_sustainability_secret_2015/ ) titled cowspiracy gives you a good general overview . 
  there is ? 
  i love you oh great saviour . 
  also time to clean my eyeballs and check the sidetab more often . 
  at the current animal product consumption , assuming free-range would become more common and industrialised animal farming were to decline , it would take more arable land than available on the planet to feed the current population by average us standard ( i ca n't provide you with eu one , since i 'd have to look over some numbers first , you can assume it to be lower but not by much ) . 
  thus , at the current consumption rate and habits , it 's very unlikely we 'd be able to sustain ourselves without utterly degrading our environment . 
  in contrast , by severely reducing animal products , earth would be able to permanently sustain about 11 billion people . 
  italia invicta !, 
  ^ at ^ ^ shitty ^ ^ ^ stuff ^ ^ ^ ^ as ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ usual, 
  hashtag attack ? 
  shits about to get real , they seem to be more western than they 'd like to admit . 
  but family reunion !, 
  now you just need to drag along that lazy fuck bosnia . 
   and yet , here you sit on a highly-developed machine created by the work of child slaves who scratched the precious metals needed in it 's creation out of the earth with their little hands . 
  why do n't you sell this product of injustice , and everything else you own , and give it to those poor oppressed peoples ? 
  indeed , i also have a decade old cell phone built by force labour in china . 
  if there were a way to mitigate these devices built under deplorable conditions , i would be right behind it but alas there is no fair trade market for that , yet . 
  i 'm bound to use them , because without a pc , or a cell phone i would not have been able to participate with the red cross , i would not have been able to work in ethiopia and the west bank and i would not be able to effectively coordinate with members of our local community in providing assistance to unfortunate members of our society and especially lately , migrants fleeing from horrors you can not even begin to grasp . 
  on top of that it is a requirement for my work , as much as i 'd wish to avoid that , i can not , because if i were to stop working , i 'd be unable to actively sustain myself ( perhaps if i walked on gums ) and consequently become a burden to others , rather than offering relief . 
  frankly said , i 'm appalled by the banality of your train of thought , no one has said you have to relinquish everything , however there is a difference between owning a phone and following the urge to buy the newest flashy version every year . 
  why do you have to think in extremes only ? 
  there is a sane middle ground and i 'm inclined to believe you are n't straining the boundaries of the possible to actually contributed to a shift in the consumer driven mentality that plagues the western world so much . 
   hahahaha , yeah , right . 
  you grow your food yourself , right ? 
  actually i do , not everything of course but most of vegetables , some honey and plenty of fruits , i also dug my own well , collect water and i 'm off the grid electricity wise . 
  not that i assume everybody is in the adequate position to do the same , nonetheless you 'd be surprised how easy it actually is when the personal motivation is present . 
  unless your are profiting from your grandfather 's action . 
  a more fitting analogy would be if your grandfather stole something you still use to this day and gives you an advantage over others , is it actually yours ? 
  this is not about the sins of our forefathers but the ongoing injustice our ancestors started . 
  we enjoy cheap goods , certain resources and we thrive on the wealth erected upon the shoulders of exploited people in developing countries . 
  leaving aside the geopolitical ballgame and ensuring conflicts , which are a gigantic topic all by itself , if you buy stuff at the discounter , it 's your sin , not your grandfather 's . 
  just because it 's out of sight , it should n't be out of your mind . 
  gentlemen , read the comment i 've responded to , it says population , not citizen , i was being nit-picky . 
  just about as much as portugal and a third more than ireland . 
  sweet , sweet petrodollars make the world go round .
