  `` oh i 'm not a nazi , i merely think they are useful '' . 
  is n't that a somewhat contradictory stance ? 
  at any rate , this census from 2011 shows 2.0 % ( 1.4 ~ ) of the pop are muslim . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_italy 2012 saw 70.000 migrants coming , 2013 , 50.000 and in 2014 170.000 migrants landed on the shores of italy , thus the census is way outdated . 
   as someone who escaped the holocaust , i sympathize with him , but it does leave him slightly biased . 
  ethnic nationalism is a good thing , it ensures cultural cohesion and a strong sense of group identity . 
  especially that `` deutschland \u00fcber alles '' and `` viva il duce '' . 
  you can believe what you want , none of my business that you belong to a dying breed . 
  you can assume that nationalism will save cultural values but then you ignore how certain cultures came to be in the first place . 
  much of the culture you consider `` yours '' is far from it . 
  i trust a brilliant mind , who has gifted quite a bit to humanity over a random internet dude at any time . 
   personally i think multiculturalism is destructive , and ultimately only benefits corporate interests . 
  whatever nationalism has unleashed upon the world pales in comparison to stalinism or maoism . 
  what was stalinism and maosim rather than a fascistic perversion ? 
  instead of the state , it was the party , ironic that two `` communist '' countries have ignored one of the key pillars of marx 's theories , the abolishment of hierarchy and idolisation . 
   you mean the poll that was published in several very credible newspapers ? 
  whatever , / r/conspiracy is that way . 
  god . 
  so news paper never lie ? 
  they do not have an agenda ? 
  immigration and particularly islam are hot debate topics and they squeeze whatever bit of sensationalism they can out of it . 
  it 's their job , at least in mainstream media . 
  remember the whole fabricated story about wmd 's in iraq , or the kuwaiti ambassador daughter `` testifying as nurse '' the murder of newborns at the hand of saddam ? 
  or the female american soldier praised as hero for ? 
  or that birmingham is literally a caliphate ? 
   do you have data to support that ? 
  you ca n't just say `` they do n't do that here '' and expect me to believe you . 
  besides , moroccans and tunisians cause plenty of trouble in france and belgium . 
  can you read italian ? 
   that 's a pr move , plain and simple . 
  one of the organizers of that event has gone on record blaming the jews for 9/11 . 
  today foreigners make up more than 34 % of inmates in norwegian prisons , up from 8.6 % in 2000 , this is largely due to the influx of pakistanis and somalis ( who make up the two largest non-western immigrant groups ) . 
  ah , you are one of those guys , you believe muslims have a global conspiracy going on and they all communicate with each other . 
  newsflash , the biggest victims of muslims , are muslims . 
  they can not fucking stand each other , let alone plan things on a large scale together . 
  italy 's muslim make some 3 % of the pop but 35 % of the prison inmates . 
  shocking , except when you look at the charges . 
  most have been arrested for being illegals and evading the accommodation centers . 
  frankly said , i 'm not interested in talking to a nationalist and you 've confirmed to be one . 
  have a good day . 
   we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  i happen to believe that nationalism can be a very good and useful thing . 
  not so much . 
  `` nationalism is an infantile disease . 
  it is the measles of mankind . '', 
  - albert einstein . 
  you are no different to them then , you merely adhere to a different dogma . 
  have you forgotten what that has unleashed upon the world ? 
   out of an estimated 20-31 ,000 isis fighters , foreign fighters make up 15,000 or 50-75 % of that number . 
  of that number , fighters from western countries make up 20-25 % , or 3,750 figuring liberally . 
  that means that western isis fighters makeup between 12-19 % of isis . 
  but you 're right , i totally made up those numbers . 
  i mean the poll  actually there were 43 convicted perpetrators , keep in mind that not all of the gang members were convicted . 
  experts estimate that only 12 % of rapes are ever reported , couple that with the fact that many of these cases only came to light after more than a decade of abuse , and it begs the question how many more are getting away with it ? 
  can you really argue that this kind of sexual abuse is n't incredibly more common in muslim communities ? 
  i can not speak for the uk ( besides , how the fuck did this slip off into a discussion about the uk , i was talking about immigration and the handling of the bordering countries to begin with , a topic i 'm versed in , not what goes on on your little island ) but in italy they are not . 
  both countries have nearly the same amount of muslims ( although with the recent events of the arab spring , the numbers have certainly increased a lot in italy , spain , etc. 
  ) , the mere difference between them being ours are mainly moroccans , albanians , libyans and tunisians . 
   i 'm not saying it would entirely disappear , but it would fall dramatically if we kept these people out of decent countries . 
  and by `` those people '' you mean these too , or just actual cunts ? 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/denmark/11427713/muslims-form-ring-of-peace-to-protect-oslo-synagogue.html that 's what the problem is with generalisation , you 'll hit more innocent people than anything else . 
  oh yeah , i did n't post the original french article , because i assumed you do n't speak the language : http://france3-regions.francetvinfo.fr/pays-de-la-loire/2015/01/17/charlie-hebdo-nantes-un-adolescent-de-16-ans-poursuivi-pour-apologie-du-terrorisme-sur-facebook-634720.html this was the photo the boy had been convicted for : http://robot6.comicbookresources.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/charlie-hebdo-parody.jpg, 
   no it is n't , flag desecration is already a crime in many western countries . 
  while i do n't think it should be , it does n't contradict secular values . 
  you 're comparing apples to oranges . 
  you 're also comparing a slim minority ( people who support the criminalization of flag burning ) to a significant 2/3rds majority . 
  sigh , what nationalism is to the us , is religion to them . 
  neither of the two would be anyhow offensive to me , however a close equivalent would be somebody spitting in my mother 's face . 
  it 's a matter of perspective and as such saying `` zomg they 'd jail you for insulting a religion '' is in my eyes on the same step as insulting a nation , both are but relics of dogmatic ideologies . 
   the majority of which fell across ethnic lines , and they never made up more than 5 % of the forces . 
  compare that to isis in which western fighters make up 2-3x that . 
  again , you are making baseless assumptions , what areas have been asked and how many people have been polled ? 
  your article does not even show basic data on what basis they 've come to that conclusion . 
  to return to my ice-cream example , on top of laying out the questionnaire wrongfully , i also just ask some 10 people and the proclaim `` chocolate is the favourit ice cream '' . 
  quite sloppy journalism ( it 's the same for the guardian article btw , hence my previous comment about polls being shit ) . 
   but they both have very different approaches to free speech . 
  i 'm not saying that the judgement against the 16 year old was right , i think it probably depends on the content of the cartoon , but i think the only reason you used it is because you could n't find a comparable british case . 
  i 'm not british , neither do i follow what goes on in your country , the only reason i knew about that case in france was because it echoed in the aftermath of the attacks . 
  i could start googling but i ca n't be arsed do that , since it would merely lead to you shrugging it off and dismissing it . 
  italian cases are plenty but then again , it is n't the uk and a such the same dilemma as before . 
   one only has to look at the oxfordshire and rotherham cases to know that ignoring widespread criminality is systemic if accusations of racism can be leveled against the authorities . 
  some 30 perpetrators in a country with over 2.5 million . 
  following your own logic ira is a showcase of northern ireland and the edl is what constitutes england . 
  look at how much rape there is in the us relatively . 
  besides , were n't you talking about people that came off safely ? 
  the oxfordshire and rotherham gangs had been charged afaik . 
   india 's a country of over a billion people , and while it has it 's problems with sexism , gender equality is better in india than anywhere in the islamic world . 
  i 'm not sure why the media insists on publicizing every rape that happens there , but the rapes that have been publicized are certainly not `` identical in execution and context '' . 
  most of the cases i 've read about have been assault gang rapes , whereas the english cases are systematic grooming of hundreds ( sometimes over a thousand ) victims . 
  they 're very different scenarios . 
  true but so is everywhere , rape in tunisia , jordan , or morocco is statistically lower than in the us , or serbia . 
  as such finding a direct correlation between islam and rape is somewhat faulty . 
  not saying it does not play a role , any culture that encourages sexism facilitates the transition to a perpetrator , however you are painting it as if all of it would vanish if islam were to vanish , which is quite frankly not only naive but also ludicrous . 
  i know that on absolute numbers india is fairly low on rape cases , however they are particularly fond of gang bangs and ensuring murder , often followed by no conviction at all . 
  so there 's that . 
   i 'm not sure what point you 're trying to make other than americans are incredibly nationalistic ? 
  i do n't disagree . 
  perhaps this ? 
   yet , today , polls show about half the nation consistently supports a ban on flag-burning . 
  and it is a vocal half .
