  all countries which have either just recently come out of a war/insurrections , or are actually still engaged in one . 
  hell , there are more ukrainians than people from mali and about as many russians as nigerians . 
  numbers are n't your strong-point as it seems . 
  lots of stones , lots of sheep and loooots of spare time . 
  here , i found it for / u/beboola : https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2qjohv/what_did_your_parents_show_you_to_do_that_you/cn6pn30?context=3, 
   with all due repsect i do think you 're trivalising the matter . 
  this stupid county alone takes about 20 % of the migrant inflow to eu-28 . 
  it is not sustainable . 
  that is irrelevant to our debate , nowhere did i mention that current policies are adequate , the eu needs to sharply overhaul it 's immigration and distribution laws , we were merely talking about refugees and their impact on crime levels and social stability , nothing else . 
  besides , `` not sustainable '' is nothing but a buzzword , israel welcomed over a million soviet citizens ( a country of 4 million , did not speak english , did not speak hebrew , or yiddish and there was a substantial cultural rift ) within a few years and it did n't end up imploding , on the contrary , it profited massively the next decade . 
   they ought to be sent to the arabian peninsula , the countries that sponsor stuff like isis . 
  `` they '' ought to be sent nowhere , since it 's not cattle you can treat how it pleases you , especially when exposing them to risks . 
  you think saudi 's are kind to non-white immigrants ? 
  we claim to uphold the rule of law , as such we will follow international conventions and treaties . 
  you know what 's funny , when a saudi , or qatari prince comes to europe we throw open the door for him , regardless that he owns two dozen slaves , four wives who hardly exceed the status of personal property and ends up causing environmental degradation worth a village . 
  then all of sudden cultural differences are irreverent , because they are rich . 
  western governments are very much complicit ( sweden too , since the billions worth of arms sales are nothing to scoff at ) in the situation of saudi arabia and other gulf state kingdoms enjoying security , despite funding extremist across the board and disregarding the most basic of human rights , next to being a major source of instability though out the region . 
  let 's be honest here , more than a question of mentality , it 's about wealth . 
   we do n't like difference or people that differ and fail to conform to general society . 
  do n't generalise your countrymen so easily , `` we '' applies to you and your acquaintances , since i know plenty of swedes who are well in favour of it ( in fact i do n't know a single who opposes immigration , criticizing the implementation , sure but not opposing ) , hell , the majority of the swedish posters disagree with you as well and / r/europe is not the bastion of level-headed thinking . 
   yeah , i can only give you links in swedish though , the average time to get the first job is 8 years for an average migrants . 
  couple this with our labourmarket , that is the one with the smallest low skill sector in eu-28 . 
  please do , my swedish is nowhere fluent , however i have basic proficiency . 
  i just hope it does n't turn out to be some shady source , since major ( inter ) national issues usually can also be found in english . 
  failure to find one hints towards a very biased agenda . 
   there is , you can ( should ) find all the information you want here . 
  also , my point was in over-representation of migrants in crime categories , i never laid any claims to total crime . 
  you know which demographic is usually overrepresented in the crime statistics ( at least for non-white collar crimes ) ? 
  [ poor and disenfranchised people ] ( http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/a-primer-on-social-problems/s11-03-who-commits-crime.html ) , pray tell , do you know who 's in general also poor and disenfranchised ? 
   the thing is taht we have white flight everywhere . 
  local people do n't want these people here , a sizeable chunk of white americans do n't want people of colour , or hispanics in their community , italians ardently shat on romanians until they proved to be more than hardworking and warm people , the brits claimed poles would overrun the uk , dispose the royal house and eliminate all `` britishness '' , in the last decade shifting towards the bulgarians and romanians up until the arab spring . 
  the list goes on , migration and social tensions are no new phenomenons but are as old as human civilisation itself . 
  despite all sorts of cultures and ethics clashing , the complaints are the same , the only constant being socio-economic standing . 
   they will never be integrated as we in general do n't care for them , their religion or culture . 
  a substantial part of them will end up getting social welfare permanently , running some kebab-shop , drive a taxi at most . 
  they will never be integrated . 
  they will remain a burden , especially in small districts where services are cut to accommodate their needs ; social welfare , medicine , language aid , housing et.al . 
  people view these foreigners as nothing but a burden . 
  is there any scientific evidence for that aside from your personal perception ? 
  i 'm yugoslavian and i remember we were the target of the very same accusations across all of europe two decades ago . 
  same rhetoric , different people . 
   we should not serve as a role model in anything , want a good functioning society look at finland ? 
  but not us . 
  stop idolizing this country , it is nothing to look up to . 
  perhaps you should take a look at a few statistics : http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/finland/sweden/crime the homicide rate in finland is almost four times that of sweden , the suicide rate more than trice and a not marginally higher violent crime rate . 
  sweden has a lot more petty crimes and thievery , true , however that 's about it and this last point plays perfectly fine into what i said before . 
  compare sweden to how many refugees finland has taken in , in what situations many of these refugees live and where they find themselves in when inspected by the unforgiving lens of immigration opponents , or xenophobes . 
  lacking the means to sustain yourself can lead to crime ? 
  who would have thought !, 
  at least the swedish government does n't consider itself too good to address the underlying issues , rather than to brush it aside as many of the other european countries do . 
  sure , because every refugee is a bloodthirsty vagrant , who seeks to spread death and despair . 
  come on man , the generalisations are not only an insult to human rational but can be negative to yourself just as much . 
  imaging if people were to equate brevik to scandinavia as a whole , instead of the narcissistic , ideological lunatic that he was . 
  i know that i 'd be disillusioned at best , furious at worst if that were the case . 
  there are thousands of them , if even a slightly bigger fraction were to become problematic , you 'd be living in acapulco . 
  it 's this selective analysis that causes so many issues in the cooperation and coexistence of people ( s ) , when somebody from a different ( read poor ) place on this planet comes here , people are quick to toss thousands of individual humans into the same pot , working of prejudices , no , even worst , associating them with the very vermin that has caused them to flee their homeland and leave all their possessions behind . 
  do refugees and economic migrants commit crimes ? 
  of course they do , statically even higher than locals , however there are a multitude of factors at play here , leaving aside the usual argument of `` culture '' and the like , many ignore how traumatised some are , which can have a severe impact on their effective functioning as a productive member of the society . 
  ostracising and/or demonising them further just exponentially worsens the situation . 
  all that aside , in italy you can receive social support and basically use all public transports if you fall in the lower income bracket ( from trains , over buses , to gondolas ) , i assume sweden with it 's much more extensive safety-net programs has the same , as such i do n't understand how granting these sorts of benefits to people who can not work legally can be seen as negative on the grand scale . 
  on the contrary , by finding some comfort in their new environment they are more likely to better integrate and cause less trouble in the long run . 
  in my personal opinion , aside from the over the top sensitive nature of swedish rhetoric , trying it 's best to avoid any sort of butthurt by basically any demographic , scandinavia , more precisely sweden , should serve as role model for many other european countries in a wide spectrum of their policies . 
  unless sweden handles this differently , refugees are not eligible for work , add to that cultural/social isolation , unfamiliar climate , lack of language faculties , etc. 
  suddenly paying that bus ticket does n't sound like much of a big sacrifice , does it now ? 
   drive from latvia all the way to portugal or greece without stopping that 's some impressively efficient fuel consumption . 
  i meant that the labour-market is so attractive to people it literally sucks them away from the neighbouring countries too . 
  of course commuters do n't count towards the net immigration . 
  ever seen the wages in switzerland ? 
  i have a few friends who cross the border for work , one works as a waiter and earns just under $ 5000 . 
  living a few years in switzerland and trying to save up can help you make quite a cushion , besides , it is in the schengen area . 
  i 'm going to take a blind guess based on the original map and say the two major marked towns/cities are genoa and venice , since those city-states interfered with the ottomans quite a bit . 
  the one to the west on france 's coast is most likely marseilles . 
  as for the map itself , shit be quite accurate yo . 
  did i say anything of the like ? 
  i merely countered the platitude of `` them immigrants be bringing all the violence '' , however sarcastic it might have been with the fact that the underworld is fairly violent in certain parts of sweden and violence breeds , or attracts like minded fellows . 
  sure one can come to the conclusion that a reduced immigration would reduce also acts of crime , however that does n't address the underlying issue , which is bikers playing war in average neighbourhoods and little ( read not enough ) law enforcement intervention . 
  when italy went through public bombings those years were called `` the years of lead '' , leaving a deep imprint in people 's memories , so it 's not a thing that is really common abroad . 
  secondly , [ this ] ( http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=2054&amp;artikel=6216372 ), 
  because most of the scandinavian bikers are nordic , i only know of some former yugo groups next to those . 
  gender roles have been heavily contested in countries that went through socialist periods , russia for example , a country usually not known for it 's progressive streak , has among the the most equal percentage of men to women in leading positions . 
  that part of your comment is utterly wrong , women rights in eastern europe had historically a higher priority than in the west . 
  lgbt and mental health on the other hand , not really . 
   more like we are sending it to italy for peanuts , they mix it with their ** bad olive oil ** and sell it to the market . 
  we just really really fucking suck . 
  there is no standardization happening in here . 
  you what ? 
  greek olive oil is by far the worst when you compare the three major mediterranean producers ( spain , italy and greece ) . 
  while it pains me to say this , the best olive oil has spain , followed closely by italy and a long stretch to greece . 
  i can not speak for portugal , since i never dug through their selection . 
  in fact only two greek producers have been nominated in the 2014/15 contest : http://www.worldsbestoliveoils.org/worlds-best-olive-oils.html unless you merely meant the cheap labels here add it to their products , in which case you are right . 
  malm\u00f6 used to be a battleground for biker gangs too ( and still is afaik ) , soooooo ... 
  yep , it stings , on the other hand thanks to two decades of this fuckface i 've become a true poet at cursing . 
   my point is simply that the criteria you used earlier of `` unnecessary '' is too weak to be useful ; almost everything we do is `` unnecessary '' as far as that goes . 
  i clearly stated what defines unnecessary , did i not ? 
  you can burn tyres to smoke some meat if you ask me but be mindful that others will judge you based on your actions . 
   i like my ac ; i plan to continue to use it , but i certainly do n't expect other people to do the same if they do n't want to do so . 
  i assume everyone who 's wasteful likes their habits , otherwise they would n't be like that . 
  it 's exactly this habit of self-entitlement that makes `` non-issues '' cascade into global concerns ( just because i argued recently around it and it 's a fitting example , [ animal product consumption of developed nations vs the rest of the world ] ( http://cdn3.chartsbin.com/chartimages/l_2515_b2fc0d32aa81e96f6527e59f91ef696c ) and [ top meat consumers ] ( http://cdn3.chartsbin.com/chartimages/l_12730_e68f23369835a5394ce533eff1a0cf83 ) ) . 
   it 's probably true that in today 's world its cost is still not yet realistic for everyone on the planet , by far , to give you an example ; if the entire planet just lived like the average frenchmen , we 'd need almost double the arable land present on the planet and come closely to fully exploiting all conventional means of energy production . 
  almost 4 times more if you take the average american as measurment bar , despite the fact we 'd be able to feed 9 billion people at our current technological level and production rate by merely adopting a more efficient production and distribution .
