  he chose the path through sudan ( alone as foolish as he was ) and ended up captured by militias operating near the south sudanese-north sudanese border after he departed from ethopia . 
  they held him for ransom but he had no real family left , as such they beat the ever loving shit out of him ( that guy had like 3 teeth left ... ) and threw him into a ditch . 
  thanks to some miracle he survived and aid-workers for a refugee camp found him wailing there on the side of the road . 
  they patched him up and he came to egypt . 
  now at this point i need to highlight a fact many westerners are not aware of , the racism sub-saharans experience even in african arab countries is enormous , literally inferior human beings to some ( not to generalise but this has been a way too common account by so many to be isolated incidents ) . 
  his way to cairo was one odyssey of abuse and spite , yet a friendly egyptian welcomed him in his home and even paid him generously for a hand in his workshop . 
  he stayed there , however egypt went through a lot of inner turmoil and still does actually , coupled with the tense relations with the locals , his option was to either go back , or try europe through libya . 
  at the time the exploitation migrants experienced in the likes of libya when they entered wrong territory was little more than mouth-talk , some even called it simple scaremongering but i digress . 
  so he joined up with a few other migrants , a funny mix of sub-saharans and went to libya . 
  they met migrants who had either shipwrecked , or had been apprehended by the authorities and heard horror stories of people drowning but also from the violence within libya 's detention centres , which apparently make the worst gulag appear cosy . 
  nonetheless he pushed on and set sail from garabulli . 
  the boat was a slightly larger , double-decked one , which made the conditions for certain migrants on board even worse , around 20 suffocated during the trek below , some 230 made it . 
  eventually he landed on lampedusa , got process by the authorities and `` dumped '' in calabria . 
  his goal was germany , something he found out during his journey when discussing with others . 
  while he was not averse to the thought of staying in italy , the stories about a shaky economic situation and the circumstance he witnessed when he first arrived changed his mind . 
  many of his co-migrants who had been trapped months , even years in our bureaucratic nightmare warned him not to waste his time here , as such he moved north and eventually came here . 
  he did n't stay for long and the sole reason he even remained here was because austrian authorities had turned him back on the brenner pass ( pass through the alps ) . 
   i assume once they get some sort of refugee status they would be able to bring their families along ? 
  from the people i 've interacted with around 2/3 want to stay indefinitely ( which can mean anything from permanently , or until the situations in their home countries notably improves ) , often sending money back for the family to take a safer passage , while the remaining third just wants to earn some decent money and go back asap . 
  a few years of saving here can make a lifetime of difference in their home countries for entire communities . 
  ultimately it 's a question of stability , just about every syrian was if not contempt , at least basically satisfied prior the war and would go back if things were to return as they once were . 
  few ardent either fsa , or assad supporters make it even this far . 
   also , any idea why getting a visa takes so long ? 
  is there something like a temporary refugee visa , or do they have to apply for an immigrant / permanent resident visa ( which then would explain the long wait ) ? 
  i can not say for certain , however from what i 've gathered it 's a mix of crawling bureaucracy , amount of requests and , i do n't know how to express it , disdain perhaps ? 
  by , in this case , eu ( national ) authorities to review certain request depending on the place of origin . 
  it is already hard for non-eu citizen from european countries to receive a visa ( thus the many russian and kosovar asylum seekers ) , even more so when trying to apply for a us visa but as it seems , the sketchy book-keeping and , simply said , sometimes absent responsible authorities in the countries of origin lead to many requests being denied right off the bat without proper evaluation . 
  edit : apologies for any typos , i 'm tired and it 's late , i do n't feel like skimming through this wall of text , 
  i have been working at our welcoming centre since 2011 , so i have a rather good grasp on what sort of demographic comes through . 
  in general my experience has been very pleasant , of course the little time i had ( have ) available to spend with each person individually was fairly limited , however i gained some valuable insights about their motives and their voyage , like the perilous track through the sahara for the sub-saharans , constantly exposed to militants and traffickers , or the abuses some faced in the likes of jordan , lebanon , libya and turkey . 
  ( if you want me to go into detail , please ask , especially in regards to motives and personal stories , i do n't want to write down a wall of text if there is little interest ) . 
  i have some interesting data from a nice sample group ( just under 2000 people ) . 
  the crushing majority are young and able bodied men , due to the dangers and length of the way , it is not uncommon that whole families , even communities throw together to fund the journey , yet many get robbed , or abducted on the way , as such it 's very dangerous for women and kids . 
  in libya all sub-saharans i 've talked to who came through the western rebel territories had their documents taken away and many had been literally offered to militants and then sent onwards to smugglers , while being threatened to not return home , or risk getting shot . 
  about a 6th had full academic education ( master , or phd ) and ~ 20 % higher education ( bachelor , professional degree ) . 
  at this point i wondered why the academics at least did n't go the legal way and applied for a visa , the answer was that receiving a visa from a developing country for any western nation is either a terribly slow process ( up to a decade of waiting with resulting rejection ) , or incredibly expensive . 
  in worst cases both , as such the legal way , despite it 's risks , was the more viable option . 
  what needs to be said , almost everyone spoke at least basic english and not few spoke a secondary language ( french was the most common but even some german , italian and plenty of spanish for some reason ) . 
  needless to say , just about everyone who had spent more than a month in italy had picked up the language enough to communicate sufficiently . 
  as for the local situation , little has changed , the police presence has increased and they are constantly searching ( not seldom actually harassing ) migrants on board of trains , in parks , even just outside the centre . 
  there was a small surge in petty crimes but no violent acts whatsoever in my region . 
  one year and a half ago a mentally ill migrant from the first wave ( 2012ish ) smashed up a few relics in a small church in a psychotic breakout in his guest-village after having run out of meds . 
  of course the further south you go , the more the tension increases . 
  certain city majors have denied the requests by the regional representatives to fulfil housing and support requirements , thus creating a rift with the government and actually contributing to the deterioration of the situation . 
  there have been also plenty of occurrences in regards to the welcoming and detention centres , with vast sums vanishing , despite the terrible lack of staff and funding for these types of programs . 
  at the moment , in my humble opinion , the way some spending is done , it 'd be more efficient to hand out half a year worth of salary and temporary work permit to anyone stepping off a boat instead of this charade . 
  mooooooooommmmmmm it 's just $ 25 , it 's for a good cause , i swear !?!, 
  jokes aside , i just meant it adds insult to the injury . 
  mind answering some questions on slovakia ? 
  i 'm severely under informed about the local situation , especially the perception of the general population except for the occasional comments coming from some wacko politicians that make headlines . 
  * how is the agreement with austria and the temporary refugees playing out ? 
  * what is the perception by locals towards migrants ? 
  ( in general , no need for fringe opinions ) * is there any political consensus by the leading party towards the crisis that does n't involve barricade all the borders !?!, 
  * how is the opposition , what proposals do they have ? 
  * is euroscepticism on the rise even when disregarding the active propaganda campaigns ? 
  i 'm not sure what 's worst , the enticement itself , or the ridiculously low sum he puts up per head . 
  definitely not , you are absolutely correct , italy has been also an active actor in libya . 
  i am , working nearly every day at the local shelter and welcoming centre , donating 15 % of my paycheck straight on payday , plus aligning myself fully ( most likely for the first time ) [ with my pm ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jun/15/we-will-hurt-eu-if-migrant-crisis-is-not-fixed-says-italian-pm-matteo-renzi ) . 
  i preach what i practice , despite having being vocal already in 2003 , even after my head had been caved in by a cop during an anti-war protest . 
  what have you done so far , except for voicing your disdain for the needy online ? 
  athens could n't match sparta on land battles most of the time ( military prowess and tradition , all that jazz ) but their formidable fleet , trade partners/vassals and consequently wealth , coupled with the great wall pericles extended around the city , assured it was usually an even match , occasionally triumphing as hegemon over sparta . 
  walking away without saying anything coherent , how typical , i expected nothing less . 
  so what about afghanistan , iraq , or the spectre of the past , kosovo ? 
  humanitarian aid and training that went to fsa groups , [ who in great deal defected to ] ( http://www.almasdarnews.com/article/3000-fsa-fighters-defect-isis-qalamoun-mountains/ ) , or became absorbed by the is . 
  besides , syria is just one of the countries in question , what about afghanistan , iraq , or the spectre of the past , kosovo ? 
  unlike your empty rebukes ? 
  keep those poor away from us . 
  we did nothing wrong !, 
  actually you are right , none of us did , neither did any of the people who 's homes are rubble now , tough shit , right ? 
  why do i feel like this ai n't coming full circle ? 
  sure , sure , now look at the date it has been published , do you remember by any chance what happened shortly after that ? 
   you were really trying to sell 3 uk pilots being embedded with coalition forces as a ` the uk intervening in syria ' . 
  that 's laughable and like i said pretty desperate . 
  no , that was merely the direct official military action , there is plenty of dirty laundry in form of this : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-19205204  no saying '' gets way too little flak for the shit it does , '' tells me you 're just looking for an excuse to moan about the uk . 
  so you are telling me after all that has come from uk 's leadership , in regards to eu policies , in regards to continent wide-spanning measures , that it has received adequate criticism ? 
   not really : that is not `` not involved '' , very little , yes but not completely unscathed . 
  even worst considering this has happened in direct violation of two parliamentary votes . 
   oh look another uk hater . 
  how predictable . 
  criticize something --  must be hating . 
  how does it feel to live in that black and white world of yours ? 
  you do realise most of the same critique applies to my government , minus the hard-line euroscepticism and refugee question , right ? 
   thankfully the uk did n't intervene in syria though , eh ? 
  [ it did n't ? 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/jul/19/vital-questions-about-uk-involvement-in-syria-air-strikes )  my stance ? 
  i am not my government . 
  do n't conflate the two . 
  uhm , this was your previous question :  and how do your figures place the blame on the uk which was ops original point ? 
  was it not ? 
  `` your '' refers to your country , unless the uk is not your country , in which case , my apologies . 
   oh i 'm fairly used to the uk being the point of blame here . 
  you really should n't , because your government gets way too little flak for the shit it does , in - and outside of the eu . 
  last i checked the uk was heavily involved in afghanistan and iraq , was the leading force in the latter case , supported quite vocally the intervention in lybia and has more than it 's far share of historic baggage . 
  the uk is not alone , or excursively to blame and the parent comment is not the reason i replied in the first place ( your inaccuracies and false claims were ) , however the stance on your current policies coupled with your politicians ' rhetoric makes you a prime target for finger pointing unlike some other european nations that also have quite a few skeletons in their closet . 
  those numbers only count the people crossing the sea border , not the absolute number of asylum seekers . 
  make sure you read and understand your sources . 
  are n't you contradiction yourself there ? 
  according to you less than 26.000 are from sub-saharan nations , yet except for syria you just named sub-saharan ones as the main places of origin . 
  syrians make up the bulk of the migrants by far , followed by afghanis and then a gap to kosovars . 
  after which eritrea , serbia , pakistan , iraq , etc.
