   i have hopes that we will get ever-closer to being able to provide things like ac globally ; we wo n't , not for everybody , unless we finally break dependency from polluting means of energy production . 
  until then , all we can do is contribute as best we can by saving up wherever we can . 
   our ability to provide food , for example , has significantly increased over the past hundred years . 
  at a gigantic cost for the environment tho ( mono-crops are a dead-ends for biodiversity and soil regeneration f.ex . ) . 
  not saying the improvements were n't significant , however technology alone without the adequate culture and mentality behind it to sustain it is virtually useless . 
  you have to walk the line between benefit and cost/efficiency , for of a work place where crushing heat and humidity can affect not only your productivity but also your health , the choice is obvious . 
  for people without any health concerns outside of that , not so much . 
  an a/c consumes more than three average fridges when used alternatively through out the day , as such using one most of the time ( perhaps even night ? ), 
  just for the sake of a minor commodity equals the decadence of basking in caviar because it `` makes life more pleasant '' . 
  imagine now what would happen , if the majority of the people were to follow suit . 
  before you make some snarky remark , the same logic applies to many , many other things , we as a species need to become a lot more conscious about our resources and the planet we inhabit , the wiggle room we had is getting smaller by the day . 
  and no , not having one in one the hottest parts of italy has n't affected my quality of life , definitely not as bad/non-nutritional food would . 
  countries that went through a socialist period do not have as rigid gender roles as their western counter parts . 
  please , 33 \u00b0 c at 4 in the morning and over 80 % humidity last week . 
  ac are unnecessary for private homes and while i have nothing against them per se , their consumption plus pollution footprint make them unattractive to me . 
  for certain workplaces , however , i 'm all in favour of it . 
  side note , the killer is not the heat but humidity , 30 degrees in the desert is nothing like 30 in a tropical jungle . 
  one situation you can easily escape by hiding in the shade , the other just murders you and drains all life away . 
  ai n't civil war and unfathomable corruption nice . 
  turkey has taken in just under 2 million refugees since the syrian civil war has started , an additional 200k iraqis and afghanis and a few thousand other asian ethnicities from the surrounding regions . 
  lebanon , a country of 4 million has taken in a million flat , and jordan , with it 's meagre 6m and still present palestinian camps , 750.000 . 
  for what it 's worth and despite their socio-economic situations , these countries have accomplished a monumental task . 
  meanwhile , mighty europe with it 's wealth , power , or tradition for rule of law and human rights , is hell bent on finding loopholes wherever possible in an attempt to offload the issues elsewhere , just to make sure others do n't get a bite of our sweet pie . 
  demanding from people escaping poverty , violence and persecution to settle for the first minor improvement over their initial circumstances is like asking an inexperienced carpenter to perform a brain surgery . 
  sure , you can try it but only when there is no alternative , why do you think there is an incessant stream of spaniards , italians , greeks , bulgarians , etc. 
  pushing north ( west ) wards ? 
  definitely not because we are witnessing genocides . 
  `` wise men speak because they have something to say ; fools because they have to say something '' - plato ca n't wait to see what sort of shit slinging the arm chair economists and strategists will unleash . 
  i can not even begin to comprehend the hollowness of your comment . 
  it 's not about whether the atzec 's rituals yielded any result but what constituted a ritual in itself . 
  calling any socialist nation communist is like offering me a red apple and handing over a piece of charcoal instead , or defining crony capitalism as the natural state of that ideology , since none of the points that constitute communism have been established/aspired to . 
  actually it saves time and spares one from arguing with a meathead . 
  considering something as unrealistic usually implies it 's absence from existence . 
  you are right , however that within the current framework of modern societies , even when disregarding any meddling by capitalist nations , communism outside of total isolation is impossible to achieve . 
  a stateless , classless and moneyless society with a free movemement of labour ( force ) has existed within the last 2 centuries ? 
  til !, 
  seeing how marx based much of his views of `` public domain '' on primitive societies , it 's not only realistic but proto-communism has actually persisted in various societies for centuries . 
  shhhh , we are inverted hungary now . 
   i did n't say they check make ups ( though they do ) , but taste . 
  what does it matter if there 's powdered milk if it tastes the same ? 
  and if it does n't , consumer can tell . 
  consumers most of the time ca n't tell the difference , our senses dull and more often than not it comes down to preferences . 
  i 'd wager the majority of the people do n't actually care what 's in their `` food '' . 
  http://www.eufic.org/article/en/health-and-lifestyle/food-choice/artid/how-taste-preferences-develop/ http://www.businessinsider.com/dog-food-spam-blind-taste-test-2011-11?ir=t  quality products have their buyers , cheap products too . 
  for the consumer , having the choice is always better . 
  is that why so many americans are plagued by obesity and other food related health-issues , despite having an alternative high quality market of various products to fall back to ? 
  by subsidising certain ingredients you drive the price down for the substitute products , this in return drives the price up for the traditional products , which makes it not affordable for people in the lower income bracket and an occasional pick for those just above , leaving only high ( er ) income families to enjoy it continuously . 
  rinse and repeat , vicious circle . 
   i thought that we had a single market and everyone agreed that it 's a good thing , i must say i find it worrying to hear a defense of protectionist policies within europe . 
  a single market should be profitable for the economies of all our countries , however not at the cost of throwing certain standards out of the window . 
   what if other member states started saying that the quality of machine equipment is compromised by imported components ? 
  what about it ? 
  they would face higher total cost , perhaps not even have the ability to fall back to nationally produced components . 
  most industries do n't enjoy that kind of lobbying power as they do n't have the necessary union behind it , in italy questions of food products are more often than not unilateral . 
  you 'd be hard to find anything similar in an international company like vw . 
   a faulty component in my vw can kill me a lot faster than a slightly less nutritious cheese . 
  what prevents the vw component from being faulty if it is , or is n't produced in germany ? 
  the question should be rather who would this benefit ? 
  no consumer , not the local producers , merely some third party producers , or even worst , the likes of kraft . 
  protectionism has it 's reason and frankly said i 'm appalled `` the unrestricted movement of any goods mostly large corporations profit from '' to be a viable argument for a diminishing quality of edible products . 
  this is far from being the first case of it 's type . 
   it would n't harm quality exports , and it 's really just a protectionist measure - i 'm just surprized it 's been allowed to stand so long in the single market . 
  is that so ? 
  then why did our grain product sales go to shit after imports from north american farmers came in place that did not meet standards , following the sever cuts to our local industry ? 
   consumers may chose yoghurt made using powdered milk if it tastes the same and is cheaper , but this would not harm them , they can still chose something else . 
  implying the majority of european consumers check the product make-ups instead of relying on the quality seals . 
  you can make sausages in germany using italian meat and say they 're made in germany . 
  you are missing the point , if somebody buys an italian diary product he is certain it wo n't contain anything else but the traditional ingredients , here and abroad . 
  if i buy a german sausage , i expect a german iteration of an italian product , if it is a traditional product , the better but it 's not guaranteed . 
  taking the example of parmigiano reggiano , it being a prestigious trademark and guarded as only accessible to parmesan made in the region of emilia-romagnia , it 's name paved the way for many smaller producers of italian parmesan to score success abroad . 
  this way there would be no guarantee for the associated quality with the products wearing seals of origin , as policies guarding those would fall short . 
  it has already happened with our grain . 
   also , like i linked , this does n't apply to mozzarella because you 're not allowed to use powdered milk and still call it mozzarella . 
  mozzeralla alone is not protected and can be made with `` any '' milk , `` mozzarella di bufala campana '' is a protected trademark . 
  the law established in 1973 constitutes , among other things that no dairy products composed out of anything else but the traditional core ingredients would be allowed to enter italy , neither are local producers allowed to make use of them . 
  this policy , if it was to come into effect , would work two fold , for one it would damage the local market for the consumers in italy and second , it would allow producers on our soil to make use of milk powder and other derivatives , while also retaining the brand `` made in italy '' , thus harming italian trademarks and quality standards abroad , effectively tanking our export goods with no palpable gain to non-italian consumers . 
  as said , it would affect all dairy products , not just mozzarella . 
  it would allow for non-registered producers to sell stuff as `` made in italy '' without using actual milk ( and other ingredients ) . 
  the article is incomplete and i could n't find any better english source . 
  this `` request '' would affect all diary products made and/or distributed in italy , or abroad not guarded by official trademarks ( like let 's say permigiano reggiano ), 
   those are entirely different languages though , not different dialects of the same language . 
  they do n't even have the same linguistic origins . 
  that 's the thing , it blurs heavily in most of italy , for example in my region there are four distinct language groups present , three dialects and two official languages . 
   why is everyone here calling different languages `` dialects '' ? 
  dialects are variants of the same language , not different languages that descended from different languages . 
  because the map showcases only `` dialects '' . 
  what it does n't show are the other language families , which are just as common ( overlapping many parts of the map ) . 
  this specific example is only about variations of italian , which is a rather sketchy definition in itself , since many dialects arose contemporaneously to standard italian . 
   yes there are dialects of english , we just do n't put anywhere near the same amount of emphasis on it as you 're seeing in this thread ... and we did n't leave england with the two examples ... 
  throw belfast , dublin , swansea and glasgow in there . 
  can you give a direct example , or comparison for a few ? 
  by that i do not mean accent variations but factual differences , much like the same to the example below in the different `` dialects '' of this sentence : `` meglio un uovo oggi che la gallina domani '' * mior un of ui che une gialine doman ( friulian ) * a l' e mej 'n euv ancheuj che na galin-a doman ( piedmontese ) * menzus unu ou oje chi no una pudda crasa ( sardinian ) * megghiu i 'd osce cca la caddina crai . 
  ( salentino ), 
  fruilian is not italian , it is a romance language , has , however , closer ties to ladin of the valleys to the north and counts to the rhaeto-romance family of languages , in fact many of the dialects you see have no direct ties to standard italian ( as such can be arguably considered languages in itself ) . 
  yep , same here , being from the north , listening to a thick mazarese dialect makes as much sense to me as mandarin . 
  time to seal all the passages through the alps . 
  my fault , i mixed up the stories , i meant the case about snowden in austria with the bolivian president, 
  the presidential jet enjoys ( partial ) extraterritorial status , much like an embassy and is thus off limits to interference by the host country , unless it poses an imminent threat ( used as a kinetic weapon f.ex . ) . 
  as such , violating that neutrality with unwarranted seizure and search is a grave breach of international law and a major political faux pas . 
  consult the `` diplomactic immunity ' section of wikipedia for a thorough summary , because i 'm on my mobile and ca n't link anything .
