   no it is n't . 
  it 's a sea border of a few dozen miles , it can easily be held . 
  it 's not comparable to a land border of 3145km . 
  now it 's getting ridiculous , pulling numbers out of your ass , the coast line of florida alone is over 2150km , half of which is constantly assailed by boats . 
   because there 's no authority that controls libya there 's no need to . 
  they ca n't control their waters , that has consequences . 
  if they do n't want us there , then they should be looking after their coast . 
  it 's still a casus belli to breach waters of a sovereign nation , no matter how you twist and turn it . 
   no , they 'll stop eventually . 
  they 're not retarded . 
  and even so , it will be a waste of resources no matter what we do , be it pick them up or push them back . 
  i see now that you are not only detached from rationalising consequences but you also severely underestimate the amount of desperation driving these people . 
  a little tip , volunteer at your nearest shelters , or welcoming center and engage with them in a conversation . 
   also , the refugees will be invited , so they will register instead of climbing in a boat . 
  the economic migrants will run out of money and patience , and return to their families , leaving the smuglers out of business . 
  again , for the fifth time , on what basis do you come to that conclusion ? 
  refugee situations through out history prove you wrong time and time again , even abbott 's recent radical shift of policy is not nearly as effective as expected , with rising tension in and with indonesia , disregarding the amount of backclash it has generated . 
   we ca n't help these countries , we can not accept this immigration , we do not need this immigration neither do we have room for them nor do we need another burden on society . 
  incorrect , we can but we do n't want to , there is a difference between being incapable and unwilling , or lenient , your `` out of sight , out of mind '' mentality just underlines it further . 
   but this is an ideological stand of you , which , considering you have a bad temper and ill manners i 'm not going to discuss with you . 
  we are not debating , you are exercising mental masturbation by vehemently opposing reason in favour of some far fetched assumptions that are being contradicted day after day all around the globe in similar circumstances . 
  so far you have not provided one single piece of evidence that supports the policy you defend , not only that , you 've been trampling on the rule of law and the ideals our nations claim to uphold . 
  i repeat myself , prove the effectiveness of it to me and spare me the frustration of yelling into the wind . 
   that explains why you disagree with this . 
  you do not want to stop this immigration , but you want to keep these people . 
  of course i do n't oppose immigration , it 's the same lunacy as attempting to stop the sun from setting . 
  it 's a basic societal dynamic occurring since the dawn of human civilisation , people have always flowed towards the place of most wealth and opportunities and as long as there is injustice and inequality in the world , it wo n't change . 
  i 'll be damned if i waste half a second on actions that are either ineffective , or counter productive even , while disregarding the suffering of fellow human beings , that is my personal responsibility for the chances i 've been given because of where i was born and how i have been raised and i shall uphold those ideals with every fiber of my being . 
  life is not fair but i can do my best to introduce some justice to it , instead of wallowing myself in self-pity about the `` hordes of uncivilised brutes , who are about to overrun our cities , rape our women , murder our kids and steal our jobs '' . 
   no it is n't . 
  the reason they are poor is because of their culture , history , the climate and demographics . 
  has nothing to do with imaginary capitalists coming to scare innocent communist children . 
  oh boy , you just opened up a can of worms you wo n't be able to hide : http://www.siliconafrica.com/france-colonial-tax/ https://www.globalpolicy.org/component/content/article/211-development/52662-development-aid-to-africa-negligible-in-comparison-to-illicit-outflows-.html http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/20/ethiopia-human-rights-groups-development-programme-world-bank-villagisation http://www.ifpri.org/publication/revisiting-agricultural-input-and-farm-support-subsidies-africa-case-ghana https://www.globalpolicy.org/social-and-economic-policy/international-trade-and-development-1-57/agricultural-subsidies.html http://www.un.org/en/africarenewal/vol17no1/171agri4.htm http://www.nytimes.com/2002/07/05/opinion/farm-subsidies-that-kill.html for more in depth : [ 1 . 
  book ] ( https://books.google.it/books?id=vdkuwa_me7ac&amp;pg=pa67&amp;lpg=pa67&amp;dq=africa%27s+importance+to+france&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=azyaepdr6x&amp;sig=vtuvu9f62ljqvcs7d2o_uf-bypm&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=dgvkvk7_ejlgam-igsgf&amp;ved=0cfeq6aewca#v=onepage&amp;q=africa's%20importance%20to%20france&amp;f=false ) [ 2 . 
  charter ] ( http://www.chathamhouse.org/sites/files/chathamhouse/public/research/africa/0513pp_franceafrica.pdf ) [ 3 . 
  oecd review of recent changes in subsidies applications ] ( http://www.oecd.org/derec/49231998.pdf ) the relations have been improving for a while now , however the basic attitude has hardly moved away from the dominion over any possible competition . 
  the farm subsidies for imported foreign perishable goods had the single biggest impact on the development of african nations , having effectively crippled the agricultural sector through out most of the continent , turning a branch that could be at the very top globally to an irrelevant activity unable to sustain it 's own people . 
  not that other things did n't play an important role too , however if the basis is shaky , nothing can be erected upon it and what else is more vital to a society than basic necessities . 
   so it 's less concentrated , involves more nations , and so increases the chance of managing it , i would consider it yes . 
  not when those nations already involved have a very hard time and breach human rights on a daily basis ( precisely morocco being one of the worst offenders around the two spanish enclaves ) . 
   i do n't know why you keep bringing up the mexican border . 
  first of all , the us mexican border is a land border , a land border of 1000s of km 's . 
  i understand you can not stop it there . 
  there is also the entire gulf of mexico , florida , or the peninsula of baja , if you are merely after one-one comparisons . 
   second , more people cross the us-mexico border per year , then they recently do from libya to italy , third , more people die on the journey to italy than on the mexican border . 
  as you see , this is an ill comparison to make , both because these are two fundamentally different situations , and the dynamic is n't all that different , given that most people that try to cross make it a cross , and only a handful ( relatively ) die , just as in italy . 
  it 's not entirely different , in fact it 's a frighteningly similar situation , even more so when you look at the measures put in place . 
  the us has been caught up in a cat and mouse game for the last two decades in an attempt to prevent the inevitable , they apprehend , detain , process and deport the migrants , yet it has not slowed down , they keep coming and coming , because there is always a slim chance . 
  the crushing majority of the central american migrants are not displaced war refugees but economical migrants , poverty is as good as a reason as it gets for most to risk their lives . 
  if there is a chance for a boat to make landfall , it wo n't slow down in the mediterranean either and we can never assure 100 % success rate , not only because of moral obligations but also simple due to the very nature of the issue . 
  the only difference it will make is the body count . 
   if they 're sticking around in libya , then that 's the problem of libya . 
  if libya needs help and wants to cooperate , we can help them ( send food , medicines , water whatever ) if not , it 's really not my problem . 
  that 's the thing , no one asked libya if it wishes for others to fool around in it 's waters , let alone receive a viable offer of support for it 's much more pressing problems . 
   yes , and reach a tug boat attaching a cable that will be towing them back . 
  leaving aside the thing mentioned above and my original point of this being merely a delay , or shift tactic , the [ convention protocol relating to the status of refugees of 1969 ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3b66c2aa10.pdf ) , of which all eu member states are signatories , does n't allow for deportation without proper processing and confirmation of the needs of the migrants . 
  you are not only morally bankrupt on this matter but also legally in the wrong . 
   yes indeed it will be an inspiration . 
  hundreds board an overcrowded vessel in the morning with thousands who are waiting to do the same looking at them , and a day later the same boat returns with the hundreds departing the vessel again . 
  this will inspire many of these people , though perhaps not in the way you meant it . 
  this will go on as long as their places of origin offer them no prospect for the future . 
  no wall has ever prevented people from seeking fortune when their life is bleak . 
   it will not be a part of a voyage anymore . 
  wether it acts as a deterrent is n't that interesting , if they enter a ship , then we tow that ship back , rinse and repeat . 
  ... until eternity , what a brilliant mind you are , that does in no way sound like an enormous waste of resources and time , at fucking all . 
  it 's not that we do n't have better things to do , things that could actually help a myriad more people and create potential trading partners , which would in return help us grow , while also giving migrants a stable place to stay , no , let 's flush our money down the drain in the spirit of what the us has began years ago , because we are obviously a bunch of dimwitted imbeciles unable to think a year ahead of us . 
   an alternative will arise , but i suggest the next time it does , we wo n't be debating this issue for 4 years until we do something , but we act right away , and in a matter that is consistent with what we 've been doing just before . 
  the underlying problem here is not a few years old but dates back to the very market economy the western world has been actively `` promoting '' since the fall of imperialism , undermining so many african and middle eastern nations , especially sub-saharan ones . 
  old mistakes coming to bite us in the ass , the increase of people reaching us is merely thanks to the bordering countries that served as buffer and collection pool having become severely destabilised in the arab spring , opening bigger gaps . 
   but libya is the one with the biggest issues and the biggest coast line . 
  for a very obvious reasons , so you wish to scatter the problem along the entire coast of north africa ? 
   i do n't know how much times i need to say it , but people make it across from mexico to the us , so there 's a risk , and a chance to make it . 
  which is precisely my point , a vast desert , tight control , the danger of being shot/abused by criminals and border control alike , slim chance of success and high chance of deportation , on top of a long fence . 
  it has not prevented the people from coming . 
   there we go again , same riddle , though you still do n't comprehend it , the sahara is dangerous , but many , probably the majority , make it through . 
  as long as people think it 's worth the risk , they 'll make the trip . 
  temporarily less boats and less traffickers will solve what ? 
  you think people who lost relatives and friends on their journey will simply turn around because there is no immediate boat at hand ? 
  those who reached a boat would still make it across , anyone who made landfall after that would become a glimmer of hope for the rest , an inspiration . 
  this part of the voyage is not the biggest hurdle and it wo n't ever be , as such it will never work as deterrent in the sense this campaign and you believe it to be . 
  the mass immigration waves we are witnessing are happening because a myriad of countries have gone through massive destabilisation the past few years . 
  all that aside , even if it turned out to be somewhat successful , how long do you think until alternatives arise ? 
  a week , a month ? 
  libya is n't the only country with issues and a coastline , corruption and instability plague algeria , egypt , morocco and tunisia as well . 
  in the face of such odds even relatively stable countries like turkey are turning a blind eye to the mass of people fleeing for greece and bulgaria . 
   some will never stop . 
  but the goal does n't have to be 0 migration , any decline is a step in the right direction , and as such it will be a chain of actions and reactions we will need to guide along that path . 
  and we will see vast declines for europe if we execute this . 
  i 'm asking you for palpable confirmation , or examples , not your word on it . 
  i 'm well aware of what the idea behind it is , all i 'm saying is the conclusion is false . 
   we 're not talking about risk-benefit anymore , we 're talking about a situation where nobody makes it . 
  the reason why they keep coming is because there 's a chance of succes . 
  take away that chance , and many will stop coming . 
  on what basis do you come to this conclusion ? 
  has the harsh border control of the us , legitimatising even the use of lethal force , deterred migrants from latin america ? 
  the deportation and even cooperation with mexico in breach of human rights , has it subdued the onslaught ? 
  has the vastness of the sahara desert , being at risk of dying of thirst , starving , getting lost , or getting abducted by militants and traffickers alike deterred the hundreds of thousands of people ? 
  did the suspension of mare nostrum reduce the number of boats ? 
  as previously , said , as long as there is a veeeerrryy slim chance , desperation drives people onward and even when there is no chance some wo n't stop . 
   then we 'll find an adequate response to any new openings .
