  pr is more a pull method to present yourself , propaganda is more a push method to present yourself . 
  pr is literally a subset of propaganda , here is the latter 's definition :  official government communications to the public that are designed to influence opinion . 
  the information may be true or false , but it is always carefully selected for its political effect . 
  in case you are interested : http://www.encyclopedia.com/doc/1o126-propgndndpblcrltnsgvrnmnt.html, 
  regulation still requires legalisation and / u/shenkey is perfectly on point . 
  many of the substances we get in contact with even on a daily basis are more dangerous than some of the hard drugs , whereas they are merely ( should have put quotation marks on the merely , since regulation is a more effective protection of the populace than criminalisation ) limited either by prescriptions for pharmaceutics , or licenses in the industrial use . 
  it 's already beyond ludicrous that untreated plant substances like mescaline , dmt , cannabinoids , psylocin , lsa , etc. 
  are prohibited and people often barred from taking advantage of their properties , yet in my book it 's a far bigger crime to sweep up everything under this umbrella term of `` drug '' and demonise them with the negative connotations of it 's colloquial usage . 
  studies are proving more and more the medical value mdma , amphetamines , etc. 
  as well as far reaching advantages recreational use in therapeutic sessions have that it 's a massive insult to the human intellect to just ignore them out of spite , or simple delusion , especially on a national , global level even . 
  besides , getting hands on heroin for teens is easier than booze with older acquaintances , or parents who are reluctant to acquire the latter for them , which showcases the absolute waste of money and manpower towards a pointless cause . 
  indeed , you had to mention it , did n't you ? 
  seeking attention perhaps ? 
   okay . . so the oldest discovered towns in the europe , competing for the oldest in the world , which are in bulgaria , are n't interesting to you ? 
  not really , phoenician colonies in the western mediterranean and early mesopotamian cultures ( such as the city states of ur , followed by the sumerian and babylonian cultures ) intrigue me . 
  i 'm not quite sure what 's your point , stonehenge is one of the oldest sites with complex architecture on the north western part of the continent , yet it hardly catches my attention compared to say the minoan culture . 
  furthermore , please do n't talk shit , competing for the oldest in the world ? 
  [ jericho ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=jericho ) is known to have been settled for 11.000 years , twice the age of the excavated sites in bulgaria , athens and argos also have also been continuously settled since well before 5000 bc . 
  the area around aleppo dates human settlement back 13.000 years , do n't get me started with some settlements on the iberian peninsula . 
   at what point does history become interesting ? 
  at the point i decide it 's interesting to me , some people fetishise over wwii , others over the interregnum following the collapse of the western roman empire . 
  to me it 's either early far east asian cultures , or stone , to bronze age middle eastern cultures and it 's descendants . 
  there are exceptions of course , very ancient sites like [ g\u00f6bekli tepe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g\u00f6bekli_tepe ) , the controversial sites off the coast of the [ former harappan kingdom in india ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marine_archeology_in_the_gulf_of_khambhat ) , or the [ civilisation of the ubaid period ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ubaid_period ) are incredibly fascinating in itself , however mostly due to their fairly complex societies despite their age . 
  * phoenician colonies --  great !, 
  * primitive proto-bronze age dwellings --  interesting as far as the archaeological importance goes , however little personal value . 
  does n't help that the thracian culture , especially in the form of the odrysian kingdom is merely a footnote on my list of favourites . 
  although the pre-thracian settling of the area surrounding byzantium does nudge me somewhat , however that 's in turkey . 
   and , no , i would n't exactly trust yugoslavians to know the history of bulgaria . 
  you guys got a very biased view of bulgaria just the same way bulgarians get a biased history of serbia and the western balkans . 
  i 'm not basing it on schooling but personal interest , one can educate itself all by himself , often better so since the view point does not get restricted by a specific curriculum , i like history in general with varying degrees . 
   as adenauer put it : anything east of the elbe is ~ ~ the asian steppe ~ ~ lebensraum . 
  sorry , could n't resist . 
  same / firstworldanarchist, 
   what is an illegal pushback ? 
  throwing somebody back across the border in violation of the echr . 
  http://www.euractiv.com/justice/commission-push-back-refugees-il-news-531791  also , does n't have the cultural heritage of spain ? 
  this is such a strange concept . 
  the only thing i can conclude is that you are not acquainted with bulgaria 's history or culture . 
  not that i 'm criticizing , there is no need to learn everyone 's history . 
  do n't let the italian flag fool you , i 'm a native yugoslavian ( bosnian ) and well versed in the history of the balkans . 
  every single patch of land , every society on this planet has a rich history , some , however , have more than others . 
  italy has a lot more heritage than sweden and spain , or turkey a truckload more than bulgaria , especially considering i prefer the antiquity over early middle ages up to modernity . 
  in that light the millennia old sites in turkey are a wet dream of mine to explore , nothing personal bud , just preferences . 
   the eu was created in the first place ; that 's a pretty big deal , and the disagreements are over the extent of it . 
  with the intent to avoid europe 's favourite pastime , brutal wars . 
  that 's what it was at it 's core ( although the architects planned for a fiscal union from the start ) , to link markets and make intra european wars unprofitable , impossible even . 
   europe is vastly more similar in social policy internally than it is with most of the rest of the world . 
  and it 's vastly more different than the us , which took a civil war to unite . 
   adopting english seems to have become pretty widespread , and watching how much people in the us kick and scream over the not-remotely-plausible-threat of spanish becoming more-prevalent , that seems like a pretty big barrier to have gotten over . 
  heck , trying to people get the metric system was pretty tough here , and europe did that without problems . 
  language is but the smallest issues that would arise in the shaping of the federation , pressing issues like societal and immigration policies would never get agreed on with polar opposites such as sweden and the uk plus eastern europe . 
  even a simple fiscal union would demand linking the national treasuries and devote them to these type of things , at least partially , as it currently stands , it 's more likely you 'll become king of earth before that happens . 
  ever seen europeans agree on anything domestic ? 
  immigration policy , as in illegal pushbacks , breaches of human rights , cooperation with turkey on that matter , the same reason i painted morocco the way i did . 
  sadly bulgaria does not have the cultural heritage of spain ( seeing as it 's in the same boat as bulgaria in terms of illegal pushbacks around it 's enclaves in morocco ) and turkey , or the fascination of scandinavian nature to make up for it 's shortcomings . 
  barcelona is a horrible tourist trap and i happen to constantly stumble into acquaintances there , which annoys me as it comes across being in your own back yard instead of another country . 
  also majorca ... * shivers * portugal has awesome places to surf , galicia not so much and while i 'm not as comfortable with the portuguese as i 'm with spaniards , with portugal being in general a more boring country compared to spain , galicia seems to be infested with the pessimisms that plagues portugal so much , at least that 's how i experienced it . 
  http://i.imgur.com/nso1rs7.png i tried to be as complete as possible , taking into account personal experience , political situation , geography , cultural heritage , etc. 
  did n't know that italy annexed corsica either . 
  edit : gentlemen , if you ca n't take opinions without downvoting , you should plug out the internet and seal yourself in with concrete in your basement . 
  without a fiscal union and loss of power for national governments the eu wo n't go much further , perhaps even collapse in some worst case scenario . 
  being able to effectively mount a push against that within the current generation is but a pipe dream , most of the leading parties and sizable portion of the population do not wish for further integration , let alone a federal union . 
  people like to throw shit at brussels , yet the most ridiculous statements and idiotic policies come from national governments , just listening half a second to british , french , or italian politicians makes the want to scoop my eyes out with a rusty spoon and stuff them in my ears . 
  besides , the us did go through a violent armed conflict precisely because some did not want to relinquish power before it formed the union of today ,, 
  because half of the union is against it . 
  conservatives are not necessarily famous for their clean cut logic . 
  the eurozone as `` unified '' market would crumble and revert to former local markets , with the disappearence of the schengen area european governments would lose any leverage in talks with the us , as they would be utterly dependent on trade with it . 
  on top of that you can be certain the resulting bickering among the individual nations in absence of any coherent super structure would effectively sink the continent as a major trade partner/hub . 
  actually [ transport has far less of an impact than industry , or household consumption if you count it 's chunk of energy supply ] ( http://www.epa.gov/climatechange/images/ghgemissions/globalghgemissionsbysource.png ) and on a global scale , agriculture with the adjacent forestry , as often deforestation and timber production are used as disguise for more farmland to sweep the carbon footprint under the rug , the by far most damaging sector when you sum everything up . 
  reducing the consumption of animal products , something anybody can do ( given they are willing of course and the fewest are ) would have the single biggest impact on our emissions and overall pollution , on top of slowing down and/or preventing the degradation of arable land . 
  there was a group of eritrean at central station suspected to have malaria , a young guy from that group has been hospitalized ever since . 
  no confirmed cases so far . 
   i do n't really think it 's anyone 's position to punish anyone through effectively the destruction of their society or stability by mass immigration . 
  a war is a war , a change in demographics can be forever 1000s of years . 
  and i 'm not exactly sure how you think it 's alright to punish ordinary folks via the irreversible change of their communities and society because a bunch of politicians decided to go to war . 
  it 's not about punishing somebody but giving the surplus we have to those who do n't have even the basic needs . 
   the situation could 've been very different than what you imagine . 
  however people were told that they were necessary , and many protested , but if you are told a war is needed then you will support it . 
  every war in history has been justified by some god forsaken reason , there is no just one and using the excuse of simple indifference , or ignorance of the population towards indisputable facts does not strengthen your position . 
  during the first speeches of rumsfeld and co. people outspoken enough have heralded the consequences it would have on the entirety of the region , yet many glorified an act even illegal by international law and quite a few euro nations have partaken in it , funnily enough some of those which are the loudest when it comes to immigration . 
   it 's pretty indicative of modern european society where people would rather watch the world burn in the name of morality than to have a society where humanity can flourish . 
  humanity encompasses much more than europe , we make up less than 1/7th of the global population , yet the g7 alone have contributed to almost 50 % of the global carbon footprint . 
  we throw away immense amounts of food , around half of the total production for the eu and 2 thirds for the us with a billion starving world wide . 
  we have the means to make a change , not just in this specific scenario but globally on many , many issues that will affect all of our children , we are merely reluctant to do so because it requires effort . 
  you can not ask ethiopia to spearhead major changes , we , however , can and should , because if we do n't , no one else will . 
  the migrant flood and death toll climate change will cause makes today 's crisis pale in comparsion . 
  iraq happed in 2003 , afghanistan in 2001 , just over a decade , not wwi . 
  name me one islamic terror group beside al qaeda that made news before 2001 , whereas africa has been actively butchered economically up to almost this day : http://www.siliconafrica.com/france-colonial-tax/ http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/20/ethiopia-human-rights-groups-development-programme-world-bank-villagisation https://www.globalpolicy.org/social-and-economic-policy/international-trade-and-development-1-57/agricultural-subsidies.html it 's not about original sin but ongoing exploitation , cheap textile products are being sold to discounters bought by consumers in the developed world . 
  basically slave labour is producing most of our electronics , we still benefit greatly from the lack of development of certain parts of the globe and if you are profiting form it , it is also your responsibility to alleviate the bad situation for many of those suffering under it . 
  funny , the main argument i hear about immigrants is that they are unskilled workers , kids and elderly , yet here you are afraid of a brain drain . 
  in all honesty , brain drain happens due to economical circumstances ( see the diaspora after the fall of the soviet union ) , not just war , when you finish university and then can not find a job , it 's nothing short of utterly disheartening , the tragic story of so many cameroonians , nigerians and senegalese i 've talked to . 
  as said , i 'm not advocating a wide open door policy but the current measures in place are basically worthless and united effort by all members of the eu towards tackling this crisis is basically inexistent ; it will most likely continue this way until there is no firm system of cooperation , which can not be achieved with so divided perspectives as say sweden and the uk have . 
  as always it will be the people to pay the price for the ineptitude and glacial pace of politics , nonetheless `` they '' , or `` we '' are partially at fault , there was not enough resistance against the military dominion of the western world through out the last century , particularly the latest war in iraq that has served as catalyst for the current situation in the middle east , you reap what you sow and on a global scale the repercussion of the wrong doings of one generation are to be fixed by the following . 
  i 'll have to chip in here with a little anecdote , i left at the end of the war , late ' 94 . 
  why did i leave once the conflict was over ? 
  because i had to cook shoe soles and use flour made up of basically sawdust ( and probably worst ) to come by , the fighting and ethnic cleansing were n't as dramatic , in fact after a while it became routine . 
  poverty , however , is a lot scarier , being worried about if you might have something to eat the next day will drive any human to the edge and as such making the plain distinction between war refugees and economical refugees is not as simple , as the latter can be far more dangerous to ones well being , although they usually go hand in hand . 
  on top of that many sub-saharan face persecution even outside of warzones . 
   okay , well if we are taking refugees then immigration quotas should be cut accordingly . 
  i do n't think local communities can really be expected to take refugees + immigration .
