  there is nothing to expect but to follow , leaving aside the ethical ramifications and basic human dignity , the echr clearly states that sending boats back is illegal , nations are bound by treaty to adhere to the proper procedures and all this immigration crisis is showing , is that our policies set in place to handle large number of migrants in an economically ever more troublesome growing world are inadequate , in dire need of change . 
  stagnant politics and constant bickering is not improving anything at all . 
   i do n't see why this is the argument , refugee camps in turkey/etc will provide support for these people . 
  they do n't have to come to europe , where they are only really coming in the hope of living here forever . 
  turkey has taken in ~ ~ over a million and a half ~ ~ two million , lebanon with a meager population of 4m has taken in over a million , jordan with just under 6m has accommodated 750.000 people , the equivalent of that for europe would be between 50-200m people , all of that with far worst human rights record and economical situation . 
  do n't you see the insanity of your request ? 
   i know that 's harsh but the war will not last forever . 
  if they come to europe with the purpose of being refugees here and then returning when it is safe , fair enough , but we all know that is not going to be the case . 
  did the italians who left for argentina in the wake of wwii return , did the irish , italians and germans that left for the us return ? 
  did the people of the balkans return after the war in the 90s stopped ? 
  as yugoslavian myself you have not the faintest idea what it means to return to a former spot of conflict , all the rancor , all the loss , it 's just unbearable for most and rightfully so . 
  except for the handful of warzones and god knows how many human traffickers and militants . 
  do n't forget these are asylum seekers , they do n't travel by legal and somewhat safe means . 
  thousands of sub-saharans perish each year in the trek across the sahara , when you are already putting your life at risk it should be worthwhile , do n't you agree ? 
  because going to a nearby continent with the wealthiest nations does not equal traveling to the other side of the globe across a gigantic ocean to a country that went bankrupt a few years back . 
  let me turn around that question for a moment , why do you buy cheap goods , cheap electronics , why do you insist on having luxuries that are crafted under despicable conditions merely because you want to have it comfortable ? 
  i do n't see them going to japan much either . 
  this , lebanon and jordan took enormous masses of refugees , every forth guy in lebanon is a syrian now and jordan took in ~ 750k at less than 6m inhabitants . 
  that would be the equivalent of 50-200m people for the entirety of europe , let that number sink in for a moment . 
  the second part of your previous comment does not support your claim . 
  if botswana was a rich , stable and a reasonable target destination , you can bet your ass they would go there regardless of their position on it , just like the us took millions of poor italians and irishmen during the great diaspora of the 19th century and early 20th century , despite both ethnicities being treated worst than dirt in the new world . 
  first of all it 's `` chlorine '' , not `` chloride '' ( not a compound but pure cl `` shower '' ) , secondly , hydrochloric acid , a very potent acid is merely hydrogen and chlorine ( hydrogen chloride ) . 
  chemistry does not work like you think it does . 
  exactly , switzerland is the realm of the mountain dwelling jews sitting on their golden thrones . 
  it 's just a matter of time until they dig too greedily and too deep , thus awakening an ancient terror slumbering in the dark bowls of earth ready to consume us all . 
  our people were bigots long before that , you ca n't deny there is a perpetual tendency for scapegoating present here upheld by xenophobia . 
  it 's a sad world when late seniors (  60 ) are more welcoming than the younger ones , despite a colourful `` interpretation '' of the usual prejudices . 
  i ca n't but feel italy is one of the western countries still mostly gripped by newspapers , tv and radio , thus exposed to a very one-sided view of matters . 
  said literally every nationality ever . 
   feel free to check our national census or our wiki , we actualy do n't have a lot of muslims in portugal . 
  i did n't question the veracity of portugal 's numbers , it was merely unexpected , what i did question was malta , since 1 % there is about 5k people , which is a few boats of migrants and malta has seen a lot of those in recent years . 
  that 's what the numbers say , yes , however , as said , plain assumption would point otherwise , just like slovenia has a buttload of them . 
  bordering one of the major gateway countries would let one assume otherwise . 
  malta ca n't be right and surprised about portugal , this census seems outdated . 
  your google-fu has failed you : http://www.uemp.eu/en/haber/manufacturers-association-turkish-doner-europe-atdid-general-board-chairman-aziz-shahin-joined noodles are also ancient chinese inventions , yet a small change made `` pasta '' an italian dish . 
  nonetheless arguing over this seems to me quite pointless , as anyone could take a loaf of bread/pita , slap meat and some vegetables into it , just as somebody could have taken dough , rolled it out thinly and threw some stuff on it , tada , pizza . 
  it 's more of a circlejerk rather than anything else to go all `` x nation stronk !, 
  wholeheartedly agreed , all variations of kebab are awesome . 
  yeh , i was mainly talking about d\u00f6ner , imo no fast food comes anywhere near it in terms of taste-eating speed-eating comfort-satiety-variation-cheapness ratio . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-24685617 do n't confuse it with regular kebab , the d\u00f6ner is the sandwich type with lost of stuff thrown into it , the basis for it is of course a centuries old turkish dish , however apparently it 's credited to a turkish immigrant to germany . 
  [ uhm , yes ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-24685617 ) kebab and all different variations originate from turkey but the thing most people refer to with `` kebab '' , at least around here , is the german d\u00f6ner . 
  pizza was invented in the us ? 
  because d\u00f6ner kebab was invented in berlin . 
  besides , that salty cake hardly qualifies as one , they lack finesse and proper dosage/ratio of ingredients . 
   i mean , the only difference i see is that germany is being open about it . 
  actually no , other countries are not doing it like that . 
  if the money is lacking , roads are shit , there are no hidden costs and if a country wants to keep it 's roads in shape , or improve them , it sure as hell needs to tax , you know , ** it 's citizens ** . 
  motorway tolls are there for a reason , so that each and every user contributes equally to it 's maintenance , not the funding for the entire infrastructure itself . 
  this whole policy has been merely a publicity stunt to cash in without pissing off voters . 
   i do n't see why germany should n't get away with it if the others can . 
  no one else is doing it tho , in fact , germans this way do n't pay a dime in terms of motorways , since it cancels itself out in form of a tax break . 
   all drivers using highways , or `` autobahnen , '' in germany will have to pay the fee , including motorists from abroad , but the german-registered drivers - who will automatically pay the toll for both highways and major roads - will receive the money back indirectly by paying less motor vehicle tax . 
  relax and take a deep breath , your butthurt is shinning through , he was merely being sarcastic . 
  what heathen would claim the opposite ? 
  kebab is a godsent gift , a true delicacy , that is as long you buy it somewhere in germany and a few other places . 
  edit : i meant d\u00f6ner actually , not that kebab is bad , on the contrary , however d\u00f6ner is the best fast food and i do n't qualify the latter as such . 
  fine by me really , the arguments of lack of maturity fall short when you look at the average spectrum of older voters and their mindset . 
  i 've been facepalming for the last 20 years straight in that regard . 
  watching fox news equals traveling the world ? 
  10/10 troll sir , hat off to your straight-face rectal probing ... ^ ^ you ^ ^ still ^ ^ have ^ ^ to ^ ^ recompense ^ ^ for ^ ^ all ^ ^ the ^ ^ tea ^ ^ however ^ ^ ^ 31/05 ^ ^ ^ never ^ ^ ^ forget, 
   yet you 're speaking our language there go all english tea and crumpets . 
  noway is n't in the eu and as such the eu laws do n't apply to it , 
  you pay the taxes , which then get ( partially ? ), 
  refunded through the tax break , effectively making the toll the average german pays nil , laying an exponential burden onto foreign drivers . 
  http://www.dw.de/germany-approves-contentious-road-toll/a-18345291  all drivers using highways , or `` autobahnen , '' in germany will have to pay the fee , including motorists from abroad , ** but the german-registered drivers - who will automatically pay the toll for both highways and major roads - will receive the money back indirectly by paying less motor vehicle tax ** . 
  unless of course there is a fundamental difference to the vignette system of other countries , in which case , please enlighten me , as i 'm not aware of it . 
  do you pay the motorway toll regardless if you drive on it or not ? 
  if that is the case , i can somewhat understand the idea behind the implementation , although it 's still sketchy in it 's current form . 
   to treat non-residents equally they 'd have to start paying the german car tax first . 
  you can hardly give a tax rebate for a tax that is n't applied in the first place , can you ? 
  the tax break itself is obsolete , in slovenia , no matter if resident , or not , you have to pay for the vignettes , on top of car tax for locals . 
  same in austria , they pay their car taxes and highway toll , while foreigners only pay the motorway toll , germany is the only exception in this club . 
  austria had highway tolls ( vignettes ) before anybody else and car taxes are universal to all eu countries , i 'm not sure what you are trying to say . 
  edit : austria , not slovenia . 
  you are missing the point , the downside and counter argument against this type of highway toll has always been the preferential treatment of locals over non-nationals/residents . 
  with germany 's position and role as transit/trade hub it 's extremely damaging to non-germans the way it 's currently implemented , unlike say slovenia 's policy . 
  also this : http://ec.europa.eu/justice/discrimination/law/index_en.htm, 
  because the whole debate surrounding the highway toll is geared towards the preferential treatment of germans over foreigners , which is absent in countries abroad with similar systems in place . 
  thus germany is abusing it 's central geographical position for personal gain , instead of implementing a neutral toll that affects everybody equally like slovenia has in place . 
  it 's stands in contradiction to the laws of discrimination of the eu . 
  weirdly enough slovenians , frenchmen , or italians do n't get a car tax break . 
  what makes yours so special ? 
  is it that expensive ? 
   this is what you sound like . 
  it 's funny because you were even patronizing in your reply to the american poster yet your reply was so utterly childish . 
  you misunderstood me , i praised you , i consider you both beacons of wisdom , icons all of humanity should aspire to and if fate shines fortune upon me , i shall be granted but a fraction of that knowledge to enrich my life . 
   meanwhile other people , even in your country i 'm sure , are working hard to change the status quo . 
  but that 's probably too much effort , better to keep on complaining on the internet and continue perpetrating the oh-so-hilarious self-hating italian trope , that will surely help . 
  there are , people like myself , vermin who work tirelessly to change things by alternative means chosen ones like yourself would never stoop down to , since they lay well beyond your area of commitment . 
  foul actions like community initiatives , awareness and education campaigns on top of societal and environmental preservation efforts , nothing a noble of your caliber should be anyhow concerned with . 
  what vile scourge , however , am i to even illustrate that to you , obviously you are perfectly versed in all matters of life due to your inherent divine omniscience , granting you the ability to come to conclusions where others merely wander helplessly in the dark . 
  how else would you be able to to judge and picture other , utterly unknown people hundreds of kilometres away with a short glance at two sentences tossed into the room with little context , a truly magnificent talent all mortals are invidious of . 
  you 'll have to excuse me , i am not worthy of your majesty , as such i shall avert my gaze and return to my humble life as clueless peasant scrabbling in filth . 
  oh you have to forgive me , i was unaware racketeering , deception , ignorance and corruption were prerequisites for democracy . 
  silly me was about to champion better effectiveness and the rule of law but your thoroughly insightful comment luckily averted that , you have my thanks . 
  as citizen of [ a country that used to have one of the highest turn-out rates ] ( http://www.idea.int/vt/countryview.cfm?countrycode=it ) in the developed world , nope , it just gets worst . 
  when the voters are oblivious and the system manipulative you do n't stand a chance to gain anything significant through legal means . 
  it 's a societal issue , not a political one . 
  besides , [ serbia ] ( http://www.idea.int/vt/countryview.cfm?id=190 ) does n't fare much worst compared to some western countries , better than the us at least . 
  on a final word , be a bit more lighthearted , crack a smile and enjoy the joke instead of shitting all over it .
