  except that sweden is a social democracy , a train of thought divorced from all other socialist currents with the goal to reform capitalism , not abolish it . 
  indeed they are and not by a small margin , barely ahead of italy , the issue however is that china is an industrial centre for a quarter of the world with well over a billion people , which drives up the absolute pollution to the very top , even past the us . 
   til the earth actually is flat , the universe does revolve around the earth , knowledge about the spherical shape of the earth dates back more than 2000 years , i 'm not surprised you believe a [ modern misconception ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/myth_of_the_flat_earth ) to be indicator of the historical reality . 
   and people who are paid to study `` global warming '' do n't have any ulterior motive to find it . 
  glad you cleared that up for me . 
  are you sure you are blaming the right people ? 
  he called an entire field of science `` fairy tale '' , how does that sound to you ? 
  we had catastrophic climate pattern changes to base ourself on in recent years ? 
  you seem to compound the issue with what * historically * and * currently * drives migration and how a major change in climate * could * influence migration in the future on a global scale detached form regional disasters ( localised famines f.ex . ) . 
  if you want to be accurate , you need to select periods with major weather anomalies ( like the small ice age of the 1600s , or the `` year without summer '' following the eruption of mount tambora ) to be able to describe the impact on societies . 
  what we have coming at us is without precedent in modern history . 
  respect goes both ways , i do not intend to give him the pleasure of getting treated like somebody of importance when he acts like a complete cunt right off the bat . 
  i 'm not sure if you actually bothered to read your links but here is the relevant part from your very source :  `` the impact of climate change as a driver of human migration is expected by many to dwarf all others . '', 
  nowhere have i claimed climate change will be the * sole * driver behind migration , nor that it currently is the main issue surrounding this subject but that a change in regional whether patterns can heavily affect the basis of our societies , food and water supply at the forefront , even more so in impoverished and underdeveloped countries . 
  there is never one reason for anything , however we can identify factors which contributed more to this issue and what else is more common than similarities between the socio-economic conditions of the different emigrant countries ? 
  a society that has difficulties feeding itself is prone to be stricken by even more internal strife , thus culminating in unrest , or war . 
  we are far away from the extremes we fear when talk about climate change as a global concern . 
  it 's not the fact he 's questioning climate science as infallible , because it very much is n't , we are n't omniscient and we can only base ourselves on the knowledge we have right now , work off predictions and models that might be accurate , or less , however the way he worded an entire field of science as `` fairy tales '' , one of huge proportions and immense importance to our species as a whole , just dismissed as some child fantasy born out of monotony is the pinnacle of disrespect and egoism . 
  i cherish critical thinking , questioning words of authority is always welcome in my book , however there needs to be substance behind the critique as well , not just a delusional dismissal . 
  til science is fairy tales , pack it up boys , our job is done and entire generations of experts who have come before us have been found wrong by the illustrious / u/jack _ tukis , there is no point in accepting near consensus when criticised by a genius of that calibre . 
  http://nationalacademies.org/onpi/06072005.pdf http://climate.nasa.gov/scientific-consensus/ http://www.climatechange2013.org/images/report/wg1ar5_ts_final.pdf http://www.theguardian.com/environment/climate-consensus-97-per-cent/2013/may/16/climate-change-scienceofclimatechange i take personal insult in your attempt to spread misinformation , not only due to your condescending and downright abusive tone towards people who have invested infinitely more time in getting educated on this matter than you ever will but also because i too work in this field . 
  it 's even ironic that the point of most concern , ( im ) migration , will be exponentially exacerbated by climate change . 
  thinking farther ahead than you can spit really does not seem to be a universal quality . 
  hell yes , rock-bottom , italy stronk !, 
  squatting now counts as annexation ? 
  huh , i should bestow upon myself the title `` conqueror '' then . 
  i have , a good dozen in the last 4 years . 
  holy fuck , i ca n't believe the downvote barrage on / u/slyratchet 's and your entirely reasonable and from my pov , completely correct assertion . 
   why , i 'd vote for palin and trump for the same reasons as to me it 's obvious those in power are trying to lock things down via increasing moves toward a police state . 
  why would it be anyhow different under those two candidates ? 
   i 'm not going to wait until they have full 1984 surveillance to tell the guys in power `` sorry capitalism is n't working and it 's destroying the planet so can we just stop now '' you do n't have to , however there is good reason why accelerationists are looked down upon in left circles . 
  thatcher , or reagan did not bring us anyhow closers to the abolishment of capitalism , especially since reformism is not the path to revolution . 
  yes , the comintern perpetuated this line of thinking heavily during the 20s and it has failed spectacularly , resulting in the exact opposite , i.e. 
  a reversing towards more conservative and reactionary thinking . 
  precisely , a knee-jerk reaction that appears logically sound to the mind in distress but is divorced from the real repercussions . 
  which is accelerationist bullshit , anybody who calls for that without being at the very spear tip is a hypocrite ready to throw the most vulnerable members of our societies under the bus for personal gain . 
  i do agree with him on the rest tho . . mostly . 
  sadly this , the camps have a high standard , however only a fraction of the over 2m refugees in turkey are housed in them and the policy the government has pushed for is n't exactly helping . 
  the situation is far worse in lebanon and jordan , the former being virtually choke full . 
  oh yes , there have been quite a few brawls in the italian parliament : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fz3q5jmn3u https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hznstetykns https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2u7osh0dim, 
  is n't punching somebody merely aggressive debating then ? 
  actually , i can see some having used that as excuse ... i better shut up before it turns out to be true . 
   but is home defence actually required in europe ? 
  i second this notion , i do n't even lock my door . 
   a referendum on sovereignty was held in the crimean oblast of the ukrainian ssr on 20 january 1991 . 
  [ 1 ] voters were asked whether they wanted to re-establish the crimean autonomous soviet socialist republic , which had been abolished in 1945 . 
  the proposal was approved by 94 % of voters . 
  to me that sounds they first aimed for independence and then took the path of autonomy three years after the former proposal had been shot down by the ukrainian parliament . 
  [ pretty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_sovereignty_referendum,_1991 ) [ much ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_referendum,_1994 ) ( in relation to crimea that is , not the entirety of donbass ) . 
  true , just over a thousand civilians have died in us strikes , however the war started in 2001 , under direct supervision and encouragement by the us , it funded the isi and pakistani army , provided some of the best domestic intelligence specialists and was the driving force behind the war on terror . 
  nonetheless i did not intend to paint anyone as guilty of anything , neither was the original poster asking for any culprits , merely for the conflict itself . 
  perhaps i should have posted this instead : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_in_north-west_pakistan, 
  that 's far from the truth , the ttp unifies most of the taliban groups in pakistan and their officially declared goal was the complete annihilation of all nato and nato-friendly forces in afghanistan and the destruction of pakistan 's control over ( at least ) the northwestern region . 
  the grunts constantly walk back and forth across the border , smuggling supplies and gear with them , depending on how successful their operations are , national borders have little meaning in the remote valleys of pashtunistan , the durand line is hardly more than a line on a map . 
  the figures the report addresses are , the strikes , however , are still ongoing , with the taliban somewhat having drawn back , due to the gains they made in the last two years in afghanistan , it currently being a more favourable battleground . 
  nonetheless there is still a conflict in full motion . 
   this is why we have countries and unions in the first place . 
  otherwise we 'd be all a single global union actually we have those things precisely because people were and still are reluctant to work together . 
  human society came to be long before the first guy drew a border into the dirt , or claimed the first shrubbery his property . 
  it 's absolutely fine that you disagree with our choices , no one is pressuring you to do the same , neither do you have to encourage it , however it is utterly insulting the way you condescendingly scoff at it . 
  we are well aware of the risks , yet we do it out of free pieces and without a second afterthought , no regrets whatsoever , some people need more urgently help than others . 
  pakistan has nuclear warheads , us wants them to have a good military in order to not succumb to rebel forces . 
  the us wants it as a staging ground for interventions in central asia and the middle east ( china is doing the same ) , the threat of the arab league pulling its support after a potential interference by israel following iraq 's scuds attacks during the first gulf war showed the us leadership they can not rely solely on the gulf-states for that . 
   about egyptian and israel , go read something about camp david agreements because , just like those dumb commenters , you sound like someone who does n't know anything and still talks . 
  the agreements that have not been fully fulfilled ? 
  what about them , or are you going to tell me the palestinian disputes are all settled ? 
  besides that is not what i meant , those two countries have openly acted against the better interests of european and north american countries , yet you hold up our alliance to them as some sort of unquestionable benefit . 
   about your rant on not using the carriers : why the hell would have we used the aircarriers during the lybian war , lybia is a spit away from italian coasts . 
  and about the war in syria , our participation in the war is really limited , as it should be , and we sent four tornado to bomb just iraq , as we refused to bomb syria . 
  would you move an aircarrier for four airplanes ? 
  that would be stupid . 
  name a situation that could likely arise which would warrant the use of our aircraft carriers to their fullest extent . 
  the coalition of the willing of 2003 was our biggest military intervention in * decades * , if that did n't warrant the full deployment of our carriers , i do n't know what does . 
  besides the garibaldi was used during the kosovo war , pray tell , how much farther away is kosovo compared to libya ? 
  their effective use of operation is not limited by distance , although it is their biggest strong-point . 
  also a small correction here , we did deploy harriers from one of the carriers during libya , i forgot about them . 
   we 're not intervening in the syrian war because we do n't want to . 
  it 's not like nato does n't want us , and we have the power to make them respect our decision . 
  where do we want to intervene ? 
   having those carriers idle is better than having none . 
  because if ever some european country needs to use one , they either ask france , or ask us . 
  i did n't say scuttle them , merely stop wanking over them as some sort of collective achievement you can take pride in , especially given the mismanagement surrounding their operation . 
   we could 've even had them nuclear powered , but thanks to some idiotic people that voted against nuclear power plants we did n't . 
  the same people that now complains that we have no political power and have to buy energy from russia . 
  i guess i can thank you as well for that vote , ca n't i ? 
  do n't shift the object of discussion , if we had nuclear-powered ones like cdg , we 'd be stuck in the same pit france currently finds itself in , that it merely has the capability to field one carrier and has to rely on other countries to fill in during its down-time . 
   you 're like those dumb people in a thread about where the us military and economic aid is sent , who kept on saying `` why are we giving half a billion $ to pakistan ? 
  with that money we could build a giant bridge !! '', 
  or `` think of all the taxes we could cut if we spent the budget we give to egypt and israel for us . . '' excellent examples , pakistan a notorious safe-haven for the enemies of the so-called western world , egypt an unstable dictatorship and israel with its stellar track-record of human rights abuses . 
  you want to have those people on your pay-roll ? 
  be my guest but do n't pretend it 's anything more than plain business , mostly benefiting investors/major companies . 
   projected power is even more important than the actual one . 
  having two aircarriers ( and a shitload of other combat-ready ships ) means we are , besides france , the most influential navy in the mediterranean and in the eu , and that translates itself in more decisional power over important geopolitical issues . 
  the same applies to our military , which is one of the most modernized on the planet . 
  as bad as it sounds , money invested in the military is well-invested money , as the us proves . 
  that 's all nice and dandy on paper , yet our power-projection is barely above zero , with our realpolitik needed power-projection being exactly nill ( at the moment , we are not france with some overseas territories and neo-colonial interests ) . 
  remember the most recent debacle in libya a couple years back ? 
  guess where the fighters that established the no-fly zone took of from ; hint , it was n't one of the carriers . 
  or what about our participation in syria ? 
  unless my memory is failing me , neither of the two aircraft types we sent there for support ( tornado and eurofighter ) are carrier-borne and thus required land-bases in turkey and elsewhere to deploy .
