  of course western nations could n't give less of a shit , since the country in question is irrelevant ecuador . 
  and as un member they broke international treaties , just as they violated diplomatic immunity . 
  belarus seems to be the netherlands of eastern europe . 
   or snow covered mountaintops throughout the year  ( unless they have other reservoirs like lakes ) edit : apologies , just noticed my previous comment was incomplete , phone cut out half of the text . 
  glaciers , or snow covered mountaintops throughout the year are always the source of fresh water in mountainous regions , notice the apennines in italy , the alps , or the carpathians . 
  the regions without any notable mountain chains and lack of groundwater are at danger ( unless they have other reservoirs like lakes ) . 
  as if people have n't been bitching about `` dem immigrants '' since the dawn of time . 
  also quoting a former refugee and author of [ `` why socialism '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/why_socialism%3f ) on this matter ... the irony is sure lost on you . 
  \u00c8 la copia identica dell ` governo tedesco , con un avanzo di sbava liberale . 
   so their solution is effective . 
  indeed it is , as much as throwing a carpet over dirt equals cleaning something up . 
   and please stop citing the guardian in discussions about immigration . 
  this newspaper is partially the cause of the problem . 
  they have been lobbying for letting in immigrants into the europe for years . 
  they have been lobbying for granting them benefits . 
  and now we see the payoff . 
  i did not cite solely the guardian , read the official reports by unhrc , additionally amnesty international and all sorts of experts say the same . 
  i 'm sure a well informed and level-headed subject like yourself will be capable of finding information on your own . 
  however just to be sure : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-australia-32478378 most credible media says the same , just not as elaborated . 
   you wrote `` a body that is subordinated to the unhrc , a part of the un , you know , the institution encompassing nearly every nation on this planet '' . 
  so i reminded you that australia is an un member as well . 
  http://theconversation.com/explainer-australias-obligations-under-the-un-refugee-convention-16195 as said , you can only push something aside so long until it comes back to you when everybody does the same . 
  laws only work if the are universally respected , otherwise they are as meaningless as a promise you gave somebody without the intention of following through with it . 
   i agree . 
  the main problem is an unelectable body of bureaucrats , who think they can impose rules to other nations , like in this case . 
  it is called the european commission . 
  point in case , i 'm not interested any further in this exchange , as your shallow train of thought , non-existence counter points and populist rhetoric is nothing i do n't hear people lacking understanding on the issues at hand regurgitate on a daily basis . 
   if the goal is less arrivals in italy and greece , there is in my opinion only one option . 
  most pay anywhere between 3k and 10k for the trip - and they do so with the expectation of archiving a legal status in the eu , and then the family can often join by legal means . 
  the question is how many of those are unwanted elements in the first place ? 
  to give you a perspective , receiving a visa in developing countries for any european nation ( let alone the us ) is expensive , sketchy and takes not seldom years to process , often resulting in rejection . 
  this causes many to take the illegal way , since it 's faster and offers a higher degree of success . 
  i 've seen plenty of educated people come and go , shit , a few of them had a higher academic degree than myself , from journalist laureates , to industrial engineers and even doctors . 
   today the chances arent all that bad . 
  but if the eu made it sufficiently clear , that absolutely noone who does not qualify under a narrow definition of refugee can not stay , most would not pay that kind of money for the trip in the first place . 
  on what basis do you come to this conclusion ? 
  no border and no law has ever stopped people from seeking fortune and escaping their bleak situations . 
  for many , sub-saharans especially , the mediterranean is the least dangerous part of their journey , thousands die each year in the sahara , tens of thousands fall prey to human traffickers and militants from the ivory coast to pakistan . 
  after dodging death , they 'll not be satisfied with being treated like dogs in the likes of libya and turkey . 
  it seems that many of you here do not understand how non-arabs , especially of colour , are perceived in the countries in question , racism and xenophobia exists just as much between brown and black , or between ethnicities and nationalities , as it is often the case with turks and arabs , even more so when the countries are fucked and the people utterly disillusioned about their prospect in life . 
   i am not saying greece and italy do not need way more eu funding/assistance in the short term . 
  but the underlying problem is the risk/reward ratio for investing $ 3k to 5k is now in favour of taking the trip , and that needs to change to stop this migration wave . 
  which is somewhat ironic really , if we offered a proper alternative to it and hear me out on this one , by actually organising effective transportation ourselves , they could use that half a year worth of salary to start off a new life and/or provide the funding to our facilities , instead of enriching unscrupulous traffickers , or even militants . 
  with the world becoming increasingly unstable and warfare turning less into a nation vs nation and shaping more into civil wars all around , the legal status of non-citizen needs to be addressed and changed/improved . 
   australia was able to successfully solve the problem by deporting migrants back http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/22/could-australia-stop-the-boats-policy-solve-europe-migrant-crisis have they ? 
  they 've brushed the issue aside , unloading further burden precisely onto the the rest of the developed nations , us included , on top of shrouding any information regarding migrant vessels movements in mystery as a `` matter of national security '' . 
  that does not make the issue disappear , just because it 's out of your sight does not mean it 's gone for good . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/may/12/fears-up-to-6000-south-east-asian-boat-people-are-abandoned-at-sea the tensions with indonesia have been constantly rising , a country that unlike half of the north african and me nations is n't in complete turmoil , let alone ravaged by war , refuses to be the sole carrier of the burden . 
  they are contemplating support for those who seek to reach australia if the situation does not improve . 
  furthermore the sweet rhetoric they use seems to be effective , hardly ever mentioning their detention facilities spread across multiple islands and cooperation with papau-guinea authorities . 
  they are honest in a certain way , no illegal immigrant has stepped foot on the continent , because they are being locked up on small islands off the coast . 
  https://www.humanrights.gov.au/our-work/asylum-seekers-and-refugees/projects/immigration-detention-and-human-rights https://www.humanrights.gov.au/our-work/asylum-seekers-and-refugees/publications/immigration-detention-christmas-island http://www.theguardian.com/business/2014/dec/10/serco-australian-immigration-detention-centres-contract-christmas-island which is all complete irrelevant to us , since : http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/eu-wont-adopt-australian-model-turning-back-immigrant-boats-314312  and no one kicked them from the un , nor they returned to the good old `` might is right '' europe of the past . 
  australia is under legal obligation of the echr and they are european ? 
  til !, 
   this is the constructive solution you are looking for . 
  the sooner you realize that , the better for you , your country and the europe as a whole . 
  as constructive as it is to drive a nail through the palm of your hand to ease a migraine , or using band-aid on an amputated limb . 
  postponing an issue does not solve it , inter-eu relations and policies are in dire need of an overhaul , international support needs to be adjusted and not just shrugged of with `` i 'll subsides agriculture a bit here , throw a sack of flower there and all will be good '' mentality , or we 'll have to live with the consequences of corpses pilling up on our shores . 
  which is utterly irrelevant to the convention itself , since it clearly states no deportation without analysis and classification of each case is allowed . 
  before you can deny entry/asylum you need to process them , `` simply tugging the boats back to africa '' as many here say clearly does not include that . 
  as such there are two options , you fund a gigantic off-shore welcoming and processing center , or you bring them to the facilities on land , the latter being so horribly overcrowded , underfunded and understaffed that they are forcing hotels to take them in , or leaving people to rot in the depths of our bureaucratic nightmare altogether . 
  the crisis is way more than italy can handle and requires the support of all other member countries of the eu if it 's not to turn into a humanitarian disaster . 
  besides : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/oct/21/ten-myths-migration-europe http://theconversation.com/factcheck-are-asylum-seekers-really-economic-migrants-15601 while it 's true that many are economic migrants , hunger is no less of a reason for people to move than war and persecution . 
  most african nations have been more in ( economical ) recovery the last decade than in any period since the end of colonial times and yet there are more people on the run than ever before . 
  there are many , many facets to the subject of migration and diluting the debate with simplistic arguments does not bring us any closer to alleviating the crisis . 
   that 's exactly the leftist dream i was talking about . 
  look , i know your polish bleeding-heart-nationalist chest pounding is very enjoyable to you behind your desk but you can spare me from reading that filth . 
   delusional conventions , which simply ca n't work in the real world . 
  ah , human rights convention being delusional , what 's next , sentencing for murder to be abolished because it is too much of an incision into your personal freedoms ? 
   you can always revoke it , but you need to wake up first . 
  no we ca n't , because the european commission on human rights is a body spanning all member states of the union , from portugal to estonia , even your little country and is not related to the made up ideals you have in your head about italy and it 's government . 
  a body that is subordinated to the unhrc , a part of the un , you know , the institution encompassing nearly every nation on this planet , so unless you wish to return to the good old `` might is right '' europe of the past , you 'd be well served not to question the rule of law and instead try to find constructive solutions to the issues at hand before spouting such deceitful nonsense . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/court-fines-italy-for-deporting-migrants-to-libya/a-15761455 http://www.unhcr.org/3b66c2aa10.html speaking in strictly legal terms of course . 
  moral duties are another story . 
   the day after that the northern countries will close their borders with italy . 
  austria and france already have quite some time ago . 
  well , not fully closed but heavily checked in direct violation of the schengen treaty . 
   leftist dream you have not the faintest clue about italy , do you now ? 
  if by `` people '' you mean the one guy downvoted to oblivion , then yes . 
  ah , pardon me , it 's indeed two of you , forgot to count yourself . 
   you know you linked to an article in a book over history of american 's military ? 
  which matters how ? 
  it 's a concrete example of pr and propaganda , without trying to encompass all different nuances of it through out history within all the various countries . 
  the us military employs both , hence it being a perfect example . 
   and that the article itself is pretty old , and links to older stuff ? 
  http://www.nancywmendoza.co.uk/blog/nancy/propaganda-or-public-relations-whats-difference-anyway ( sources are in the article ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/outline_of_public_relations  and that it state only one theory ? 
  do n't forget , propaganda and pr are parts of social studies . 
  those almost never have one theory . 
  a definition is not a theory . 
   i am sorry , but your link to a definition that could easily be outdated . 
  and your presented definition is the conclusion of the writer of the article , after reading only one article over the subject . 
  so to get this straight , a tomato is not a fruit because it 's definition has been coined 250 years ago and therefor it 's outdated ? 
   but yeah , pr and propaganda are close related . 
  but please get of the pedestal that you never can trust press releases from a western country . 
  they are not closely related , pr spawned from propaganda . 
  furthermore i never said anything of the like , i 'm not the other poster you are talking to . 
  all i 'm getting at is that pr is a very specific subset of propaganda that does not rely on `` falsities '' ( which is not entirely accurate , as pr does tend to twist facts and present a one sided view , however it hardly , if ever , outright lies ) , since propaganda can be both , true and false , the main point being it 's based on emotional investment of the audience and it 's carefully selected to have that desired effect . 
  edit : sorry , phone fucked up the formatting . 
   jezus christ . 
  since ww2 there is a difference .
