  i already posted the definition of commend , here it is again :  verb | 1 . praise formally or officially . 
  to which you replied ( relevant part in bold ) :  maybe it 's just your god awful english , but you said `` when people commend the founding fathers they do not think of rich slave holders '' , people often think of them as slaveholders when they 're being commended . 
  while the ** official commendation may not include it ** , the ensuing discussion often does . 
  stop interpreting things your way and start reading instead . 
  it 's as redundant as saying the red red apple , or the black darkness . 
  when you use commend , `` officially '' is not needed , since it 's within the word itself already . 
  praise officially --  commend . 
  unless this is a quirk of the english language i do n't get , you must have potatoes on your eyes . 
  in case it is the former , here it is what i meant in plain language : in no speech , or text has mandel been praised for bombing shopping centers . 
  in no speech , or text have the founding fathers being praised for holding slaves . 
  mandel has been praised for abolishing apartheid , while he also placed bombs . 
  the founding fathers have been praised for trying to establish a fair and open country , while being slave holders ( bunch of hypocrites ) . 
  you see the difference between acknowledging and praising ? 
   that 's working out really well in the middle east is n't it ? 
  or in england where 2/3rds of muslims believe that insulting islam should be an arrestable offense ? 
  source ? 
   again , if he were just a politician that would be fine , but he 's seen as a model muslim . 
  hence why contemporary islam has such a problem with misogyny , free speech , free religion ... etc. 
  for the umpteenth time , i am not discussing religion , or it 's meaning and use , the sooner dogmatism leaves humanity alone the better and while you have a point that quite a few of the issues present in the muslim world have spawned out of it 's religion , you can not draw a parallel between them and christian europe , or america but parts of the world that face similar societal issues , like christian africa and latin america . 
  alternatively draw a parallel between muslim countries that are closer to western ones , like malaysia . 
  the one and only thing i am getting at is your idea of muhammed = is . 
  that is a gross oversimplification , because the way you put it mexican drug cartels are isis ( actually worst if we just start from the premise of murder and rape ) , many contemporary soldiers within the western armies , especially during and prior to world war ii were/are isis and just about every men able to bear arms before the turn of the last century would fit in there . 
  is is not in the spotlight because they rape and murder ( except for political sensationalist reasons ) , that has been going on in latin america ( and let 's be fair , everywhere in the world under all sorts of pretenses ) under the guise of `` war on drugs '' for decades with the world hardly taking notice . 
  no , the real threat they pose is the erasement of history , at the very least in that region . 
  remove that ayy lmao , it 's the sad truth , often the most twisted individuals end up in a position of power . 
  this comment section is like the aftermath of verdun from the middle downwards . 
  it 's slovenia , not slovakia ... 
  i think you missed portland and a few other things he sneaked in there . 
  i see you have a `` special '' taste of beer and absolutely zero grasp of sarcasm . 
  did you notice the corona cardboard box in that [ desolate pic of atlanta ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hgdgyxu.jpg ) ? 
  despite the bleak perspective , the worst thing in that image is the fact someone consumed it . 
  [ shitty mexican beer ] ( http://www.drinksmeister.dk/wp-content/uploads/corona_bottle_set.jpeg ), 
  what an appalling picture ... who in the right mind drinks corona ? 
  not at all , just different societal dynamics , seeing how here people virtually throw themselves at empty seats . 
  really ? 
  i mean i can fully understand the wish for lots of personal space and limited interaction , however that is just pushing it to the extreme if merely asking a stranger something that simple makes people uncomfortable . 
  usually if people are standing while the are spare seats left it either implies one has to get off on the next stop , or somebody is hogging the seat ( s ) , hence the high probably of a self-absorbed person . 
   just like in the netherlands you usually see that in a bus all couches have two seats , with usually one person on it . 
  it 's not rare that if all dual benches are occupied with one person , the next one will just stand . 
  that would pass a super douchey and entitled behaviour around here . 
  that said , i do n't recall having seen this phenomenon in the netherlands . 
   in the usa , racism is a horrific thing they try to stamp out , in europe , racism is considered a `` feature '' . 
   if i had the choice to be born american , or european , i 'd probably want to be born canadian or in the uk . 
   in either region of the usa or the eu you 're taking a huge leap of faith that you 're going to be born into the right family . 
  good on you , however when i struck up this conversation i was n't eager to hear your opinion , neither is it my intention to share mine . 
  personal perception and facts are two quite different things , if you are going to keep trotting that line , do n't bother replying . 
   i would n't want to be a poor person in europe . 
  live in a big shitty apartment tower , make 125 euro a month . . . 
  have no hope of a better life . 
  sorry , but i 'd take my chances with being poor the usa . 
  is that because child poverty in the us is [ among the worst in the developed world ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/10/29/child-poverty-in-the-u-s-is-among-the-worst-in-the-developed-world/ ) ? 
  is that because it has [ a very weak safety net for the most vulnerable members of society ] ( http://www.epi.org/publication/ib339-us-poverty-higher-safety-net-weaker/ ) ? 
  [ or is it because the majority of it 's population ca n't handle a surprise bill of meagre $ 500 ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/most-americans-cant-handle-a-500-surprise-bill/ ) ? 
  there is a reason why people say in the us you go big , or you go down , it 's a country of extremes . 
   europeans tend to have a habit of stating it like `` if you 're an excellent person like me then ... oh those people no they 're uneducated we do n't worry about them '' now now , you are compounding their country 's mentality with ours , having a degree from high school/university is no measure of success , let alone a societal necessity like they treat their colleges . 
   mobility is higher in the eu if you 're a middle class person who is a member of the right ethnic group . 
  in the usa you can arrive as a migrant of any race and find success based on hard work . 
   in europe if you 're not a member of the right ethnic group with perfect language skills you stand zero chance of success . 
  even then there is an unwritten law that foreign people and minorities are not accepted into well paying office jobs , like software engineer or developer . 
   i could learn perfect german but i would never be accepted by one of them and would never get access to a wide range of jobs . 
  this happens to the german-turks who are only allowed to manual labour type jobs . 
  then they germans wonder why they 're angry . 
  it is a viscous cycle as the turks are no angels either . 
  that is all based on the countries ' individual histories , europe is old and founded on the principles of nation-states with borders established through countless bloody wars , while the us is an immigrant nation per se . 
  the treatment of natives is a whole other ball-game . 
  besides , in the wake of major tensions in the black community and the recent comments by your presidential candidate in regards to the entirety of the muslim and mexican population , your point holds no water . 
   in the usa , you ca n't be member of the elite society , this is true , but you would n't anyway , in europe , you 're denied access to mainstream society as a migrant of the wrong race . 
  if you are denied in europe is usually based on being an `` alien '' , i.e. 
  an outsider , which is detached from racial discrimination seen for black and hispanic people in the us . 
  not to say racism does n't exist , it 's thriving horribly once more , however here it 's a remanent of general european vanity/exceptionalism born out of nostalgic imperial times , or more commonly , plain xenophobia due to lack of exposure . 
  this difference is clearly visible in the dynamics between nations , regions and even cities within europe . 
  you can be of the same ethnicity , however you can experience discrimination based on those factors of being a foreigner to the region even in your very country . 
   the usa is bigger than large sections of the entire eu , it has a fabulous range of people and of environments and of economic regions with varying levels of prosperity . 
  parts of the us are really , really good . 
  parts of it are really , really bad . 
  utterly irrelevant to the debate , the macro - , or microscopic scale does n't matter , you have huge discrepancies within nations itself ( italy north-south divide , germany east-west ) , on top of the pluralistic structure of the eu , homogeneity through national unity is far easier achieved in the us than in europe . 
  you only require one current of nationalism to keep the majority complacent , yet it took you a civil war to establish the federal government . 
   in the eu , you can be a white guy with the right race or the right face , a high iq and do well in school and end up with a decent job , when your parents were poor . 
  they call that social mobility ? 
  social mobility is the actual capability of people to advance from their original class , or income bracket . 
  this is achieved in most of europe through intensive support for education , to the point you are actually being paid to go to university without having anyhow remarkable grades , or having received any special scholarships , in an absolute and universal blanket statement , free of racial profiling ( like `` african-american scholarships '' f.ex . ) . 
   in the usa you can be a total no one and end up in a really good situation through hard work and good luck and being willing to look for a better situation . 
  that 's not how statistics works , comparatively speaking , if you were born a nobody in the us , you are more likely to stay a nobody than in either uk , germany , sweden , or even spain . 
  that 's the very definition of social mobility and it 's lack thereof in the us . 
  you are , nonetheless , correct that classes are far deeper entrenched in europe than they are in the us . 
   furthermore , once you make it , europe will tax you out of prosperity . 
  never mind the old money families sitting on millions of euros and property making a fortune from rents though ... nah tax the workers . 
  this is the only really valid point , although for accuracy 's sake , when accounting federal plus state tax , the us comes close to quite a few euro countries in terms of absolute taxation ( disregarding the absence of vat and therefore an increase in state tax ) . 
  it 's not as if the middle-class centred model in a country with the richest people on the planet has n't it 's own myriad of faults and shortcomings , which ends up causing repercussions far outside it 's own borders . 
  since when is public perception an indicator of factuality ? 
  if i were to extrapolate that from reddit comments europe is either hardline left communist drooling at the mere thought of bordiga , or deeply entrenched fascist on a whole new scale , none of which applies . 
  most of the continent has been centrist ever since the end of the cold war ( a notable number even since wwii ) with a few anomalies here and there . 
  their official position is centre-right , that falls in line with the conservative economic policies , sprinkled with some liberal environmental and welfare trends . 
  it 's easier to make more when you have desired skills , true , however that it no way covers the blanket statement of on average offering more opportunities to obtain that and sustain oneself . 
  christianity , the key pillar of all socialist movements ... wait , what ? 
  uhm , you do realise social mobility in the us is quite a bit lower than in most eu countries ? 
  the myth of `` getting rich in the states '' has died somewhen in the 80s . 
   oh , one last thing : i 'll rip the throat to anyone that dares seasoning fresh mozzarella with balsamic vinegar . 
  there is only one greater sin a human can commit , grana on fish . 
  i always carry a stake with me just in case i have to dispose of those daemonic spawns .
