  italian politics i do n't know that much about , but generally i think smaller countries have better functioning democracies . 
  i 'll give a crash course on the recent history of italy , it 's severly simplified but should give you an overview : for one a lot of the eu regulations hit several sectors pretty hard . 
  they were fairly productive but not very standardised and as such had to cut back massively to fit the new criteria . 
  the expansion of the schengen area and the eu towards the east has opened up market opportunities to transfer the industry abroad away from these tight restriction into gray areas and the crops to the south , who used to have high quality products under organic growing conditions have been sold to north american companies , disregarding eu regulations and causing fines on top of reducing productivity . 
  in the late 80s italy had it 's investments on point , however any sort of innovation has now abandoned the country with the worsening diaspora and brain-drain . 
  meanwhile the 90s marked the end of any organised leftist movement and as such the political balance swayed heavily in one direction , consolidating the status quo and allowed for the current stagnation to occur , resulting in the rise of our well known national icon , sir berlusconi the great , the impeccable , the honest white knight of the only moral institution in our country , the mafia . 
  jokes aside , this discrepancy is not necessarily abnormal , the us has it , germany has it , etc. 
  the main issues , be it north , or south are crawling bureaucracy horrible corruption and the widespread nepotism . 
  crawling bureaucracy was always a thorn in the side of the country but it 's corruption and the widespread nepotism . 
  heads and committees of failing , or failed companies make millions , while workers are being laid off their jobs en mass . 
  sacking of security fonds and slashing down on social services ( we are talking about people not receiving pensions ) , which are then directed to international accounts and no oversight of the governing/regulatory bodies , or the direction of their resources just spells failure in big letters . 
  if it were n't for tourism and cultural heritage , italy would have turned into the fiscal black hole it actually is behind it 's facade following the emigration of a great chunk of the industry . 
  please tell me more about my country , next you are going to tell me we are plagued by corruption and there 's immigrants coming via boat ... i 'm sorry ... i do n't intend to be a dick but god do i despise april fool 's . 
  on a serious note , except for some random voices , a separation wo n't happen , at least not in this century . 
  never , the north would n't be able to last a day without the beautiful beaches and rich agriculture of the south , they 'd be merely a dysfunctional german/austrian rip-off . 
   man , if i could i 'd run to italy and live there any day of the week . 
  it 's easily the most beautiful county in the world !, 
  it is , if you look at it from the outside , like an arsenic pond , beautiful colours but utterly toxic otherwise , 
  because spoiled rich brats in an autonomous region can cash in even more than corrupt fucks elsewhere . 
  this is the most reasonable and realistic idea . 
  in / r/askhistorians the star wars discussions cracked me up tbh , however otherwise i agree with you and i 'm usually the type that likes shitty puns . 
  of course there are differences , i never claimed otherwise , i merely said it 's hard to cast a veil and encompass all people . 
  you might as well say english here is standard , while it 's arabic for them . 
  look at the muslims in indonesia for comparison , if it was a purely islamic trait and not regional culture , it 'd be just as present , if not more . 
  not saying it is n't a contributor but the motivation that drives people to those actions are more complex than that , as in societal infighting and inequality being the important ones . 
  hah , the former governor of my small region earned more than obama , or merkel , fucking cunt . 
  but that 's the thing , a gigantic generalisation . 
  summarising `` british '' values for some 60 million people is already hard enough , generalising europe another and generalising islam , or christianity , which stretches to some very dark places in africa , is literally a fallacy . 
  we are talking about more than a billion people , there can not be a unifying trait , merely similarities and differences . 
  jumping from one extreme into the other , what could possibly go wrong . 
  not so much `` creative '' , as they have a reserve to fall back to and can choose from a wider pool of offers . 
  giving more choice to the people enables them to find labour that fits their desires better and it return , makes them more happy , which drives up productivity and in certain fields , creativity too . 
  somebody without social safety net will have to take the first offer he runs across . 
  i am from the alps brother  and i 've been to sweden and norway a few times . 
  beautiful nature and countries , still , not my cup of tea for more than vacation . 
   that is n't really consumerism , it 's a marketing ploy to get people to spend more and buy more than they need . 
  that 's the very definition of consumerism . 
  it 's not as if we are spared from it , however it 's not as bad . 
  i did not say they do n't sell them , merely they appeal less than bulk purchase , with many `` special offers '' in regard to it and no , i meant stores in general not just wallmart , or costco , with the exception of small business you occasionally run into . 
  see the emphasis in my previous comment on the `` commonly '' . 
  or i could stay away from the cold ? 
  you know what 's enjoyable ? 
  to go out camping in the woods in the midst of march and not be afraid of freezing to death just because i pass out on the ground , be able to have your windows wide open most of the time , not have to carry around tons of clothing , not have to transition from moderate clothing to full arctic equipment when going out in the after noon and staying out the whole night , etc. 
  cold climate sucks to live in , i 'd be off to the tropics if i were to get a decent job offer , especially since insects and the like do n't bother me in the least . 
  leaving aside the shorter days and longer nights , all i have to tell you is praise the sun !, 
  yes , however by choice and i have not endure the climate , or the wrath of the weather gods  nothing wrong with snow as long as it 's for a short time and far in between . 
  personal anecdote , compare a supermarket in the us to an average one in europe . 
  everything is supersize , a pack of batteries here is like 4 aaa , whereas there they are commonly sold in bulk packs of 40-100 . 
  here you can buy a six-pack of soda cans tops , in the us an entire box of 20 or more , etc. 
  everything is geared towards elevated consumption , be it the dosage , or pricing and people often measure you by it as it seems . 
  planned obsolescences aside , it pushes people to be wasteful . 
  the necessity for a car is yet another factor , the constant bombardment with ads and `` advisers '' of popping a pill for this , happiness for that , you can not live without those , the list goes on and on . 
  humility , if you will , is less important and this is just for the average people , the policies in place and the general market mentality are far worst . 
  source : 4 months all across the ne and 6 months in california edit : cuz spelling, 
  got ta discredit those filthy leftists for pushing social change on a broad scale , regardless of their actions . 
  i 'm not sure it 's needed but / s. 
  i 'd kill myself , not because scandinavia is bad , on the contrary , some of their services and especially the political landscape are far better than ours but i despise the cold , i really , reaaaalllly do n't like the cold weather . 
  here i 'm slightly more than an hour from the beach and likewise can go skiing within some 2 hours if i feel like it . 
  [ bravo ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/got_joffrey_approves.gif ) , seriously tho , regional restrictions are some of the most retarded things i 've seen . 
  `` oh what , i 'm sorry , it seems like the data stream cuts off right at the border , how strange '' , bloody licenses . 
   the tension was palpable as itv and the like made estimations about the millions of possible immigrants that could follow this onslaught , and when the bus came the doors swung open and a single person got off . 
  i just had a hearty chuckle , thanks for that . 
  we have to bitch at something , might as well be that blue carpet and the flaming ball up there , since they are always present when there are no other italians around . 
  goddamn italians , they ruined italy !, 
  no , for the simple reason that the society on average is more self-centered and individualistic than i 'm comfortable with . 
  also the even worst consumerism just kills me on the inside , i can barely stand it here in that regard . 
  amen , those notions are nothing but modern iterations of tribalism, 
  i think you dropped [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e4/butthurt_ointment.png ) . 
  definitely , however tito knew how to play others against each other and was well aware of yugoslavias precarious situation . 
  he was buddy with everyone he could . 
  of course not , they merely paid others to do it :p, 
  i see a constant here , what sort of witchcraft does the ural emitt ? 
  social disk self-gratification, 
  that did n't answer my question . 
  i asked specifically because my cousin in law is by definition `` jewish '' , although he does not identify as one and merely his mother is . 
  i used that as starting point . 
  as far as the navajo goes ( funny you mentioned the only tribe i 've visited ) , they consider you only one if you adhere to a certain set of beliefs and heritage , or at least somebody within your close family does , not merely because you happen to have distant family , or cultural links . 
  they are more stringent in that regard , as are most cultures and your example of x-mas is pretty much what i 'm getting at , it 's detached from any ethnicity and goes well beyond the western world , because it stems from the religion , a panethnic construct . 
  romani have a distinct religious orientation ? 
  although fair enough , they do fall into the aforementioned category . 
  out of curiosity , would a jew who converted to another religion still be considered as such merely based on genealogy ? 
  edit : also you seem to have confused my intermingling merely with procreation , i meant culturally too . 
  you are missing the point , name me an other group of people that falls into such a category , because they were n't the only persecuted , isolated , or even eradicated ethnic groups on the planet . 
  what i 'm not aware of are similar ones and it comes to down whether it 's an exclusive definition that they adopted , or merely my ignorance of others . 
  i quote my previous point :  it 's one of those special quirks of judaism . 
  in regards to this quote from your source :  [ ... ] the term can refer to people of diverse beliefs and backgrounds because ** genealogy ** largely defines who is `` jewish '' . [ ... ], 
  that 's one of the points exclusive to judaism and i 'm not aware of any other `` ethnicity '' practicing it so meticulously . 
  ethno-cultural perhaps but to define an ethnicity in the broader sense more points are needed , which was my original point in the first place , hence i 'm puzzled by such notions . 
  edit : spelling, 
  then please , enlighten me , because it seems to me like you think phoenician , assyrian and babylonian peoples who adopted a new form of belief suddenly altered their genetic sequence to the point that after thousands of year of intermingling with peoples all across small asia and europe are still able to retain their traits unchanged and clearly distinct . 
  i wonder how they can be ( nordic ) caucasian then too . 
  saying you are culturally jewish is perfectly fine , ethnically for those that have emigrated , however , is simple intellectual masturbation . 
   in other words , even though a person is jewish , has jewish parents , but does n't go to the synagogue , you have decided in your wisdom that that person is as much a jew as an italian is an african ? 
  in other words a european jew is of european ethnicity as much as a european christian , muslims , or whatever is . 
  yes , yes , i know about the maternal line in judaism but after some two thousand years of intermingling they are as much of `` jewish ethnicity '' as italians are `` latins people '' . 
   by the way , have you seen that scene from true romance ? 
  hardly , you can not convert , embrace , or renounce an ethnicity and unless you want to arbitrarily trace back lineage millennia back , it 's as valid as saying we are all africans . 
  it 's one of those special quirks of judaism . 
  * [ tasse e servizi sociali in ritorno ] ( https://lightwater.files.wordpress.com/2012/10/effective-tax-rates.jpg ) * [ paga media ] ( http://medlines.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/othar-avg.jpg ) * [ disoccupazione giovanile ] ( http://www.statista.com/statistics/266228/youth-unemployment-rate-in-eu-countries/ ) * [ livello di corruzione ed evasione fiscale ] ( http://www.statista.com/statistics/266228/youth-unemployment-rate-in-eu-countries/ ) * [ crescita ( o recupero ) del pil ] ( http://www.fdbetancor.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/eugdp.png ) [ e debiti ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/gdp-growth ) * [ velocit\u00e0 internet media ] ( http://www.ispreview.co.uk/wp-content/gallery/2013-internet-statistics/akamai_q1_2013_average_eu_broadband_speeds.gif ) * le orrendi condizione dei nostri mezzi pubblici ed infrastrutture una miriade di altre cose . 
  only an imbecile would emmigrate to the us because of it 's political system .
