  this is an equivalent to what insulting islam is to a conservative practicing muslim . 
  as you can see half of the `` enlightened and educated '' population of the us would be in favour of punishment for such an act . 
  it 's a pot calling kettle black situation , since bigots tend to be hypocrites just as often . 
   you 're comparing what are fundamentally ethno-religious conflicts to all out holy war . 
  what connection besides religion do british somalis or pakistanis have to syria or iraq ? 
  how many swedish christians came down to fight in yugoslavia ? 
  quite a few actually , there were greek and russian battalions for the orthodox serbians , italian , spanish , even british catholics for the croatians and jihdists for the bosniaks . 
  the yugo war might have started as something different but turned into an utter religious strife . 
  i personally knew a dane who fought in a croatian unit . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_fighters_in_the_bosnian_war  why are we suddenly discussing a french case ? 
  the english and the french do n't share a legal system or set of laws . 
  in this case the charges are n't even the same . 
  find me a similar english case . 
  france and britain are both in europe , they are both western , both secular and both share the same view on human rights and basic laws . 
  especially after the charlie hebdo attacks when people fell over each other crying out for `` muh freedom of speech '' , that conviction is the very pinnacle of irony and hypocrisy . 
   i mean lenient like letting three somali girls viciously beat an english woman whilst yelling racial epithets and being let off because `` they 're muslims and are n't used to drinking alcohol '' , or the case of the 18 year old muslim who had sex with a 13 year old english girl and was let off because he said he did n't know it was wrong because his islamic education taught him not to respect women . 
  would any white non-muslim get away with those things ? 
  i already said there is a metric fucktone of issues with pc ( especially when it comes down to lawmakers ) , however i ask you if that is the norm ? 
  do muslims get a free-pass in those things the majority of the time , or are those rather exceptions ? 
  because if those are just exceptions , there are plenty of them for non-muslims too . 
   what ? 
  they were predominantly pakistani with a handful of somalis and arabs , but all muslim . 
  i meant that the common rapes in india are identical in execution and context , despite not being muslims ( and in general the religion being less sexist ) . 
  it 's almost as if the religion is used as an excuse . 
  if islam were to disappear , those who slip off into radicalism would choose another `` excuse '' , fascism , etc come to my mind . 
  the underlying issues that lead to radicalisation are omnipresent and detached from single ideologies . 
   i trust a reputable polling agency to take accurate sample sizes . 
  you clearly do n't . 
  as you wish http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/washington/2006-06-26-poll-results_x.htm http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/sep/14/flag-desecration-free-speech-censored  well that was a wonderfully built strawman , but it did n't address the point i was making at all . 
  do you honestly believe that educated , western christians would be running off to fight in a holy war if only there was one ? 
  educated and wealthy westerns have waged the most destructive war and perpetrated the very pinnacle of bureaucratic genocide . 
  so yes , in fact , as born yugoslavian , i have witnessed first hand how quickly civilised people turn into bloodthirsty monsters when you push the right buttons . 
   christ , i can name at least 3 cases off the top of my head in which muslims were treated more leniently by the english justice system than white non-muslims would have been . 
  this is n't a case of racial bias because he did n't have any specific plans to act , for someone to be charged with terrorism there needs to be clear intent , and they did n't find any plans . 
  try finding one similar case of a muslim convicted and i 'll believe you . 
  you mean like this : http://thesheet.ng/16-year-old-high-school-student-jailed-in-france-for-ironic-charlie-hebdo-comment/ i know there is a lot of tip toeing around `` political correctness '' and this pisses me off equally , nonetheless just because there are some cases pointing in one direction , you can be sure there are just as many , if not more , being the complete opposite . 
  by that standard half of / r/europe and all of / r/worldnews would get jailed . 
   and as horrible as that is ( and aside from the fact that none of the allegations have been proved ) , power has always allowed people to get away with horrible things . 
  what 's so fascinating about the rotherham , oxfordshire , rochdale , derby , telford , and bristol gangs is that the perpetrators were all working/middle class muslim men . 
  they did n't use their special connections to engage in the obscene , this was just a normal friday night for them . 
  so , like most indians ? 
  fascinating , i thought they were hindus . 
   well excuse me for not taking your example of an internet poll as seriously as a channel 4 poll conducted by a professional polling organization . 
  honestly though , this is the excuse everyone makes when the data does n't reflect their preconceived beliefs . 
  believe what you will , the information is there clear as day , but i 'm sure these tricky pollsters just wanted to make the muslims look bad . 
  well if they did n't , they should have posted the questions and the areas they 've asked the muslim communities . 
  because if you venture in one of the quarters that has those wannabe sharia policemen , you 'll definitely get a different answer than a family elsewhere in `` normal '' places and i 'm inclined to believe they 've done precisely that . 
  if i go to bergamo and ask about fascism , i 'll get near opposite results than in bologna , despite both being in italy and merely some two hours away from each other . 
  because one is a stronghold of right-wing extremists and the other a cosmopolitan center . 
   alright , let 's go back to the holy books . 
  better yet , let 's consult one of the most prominent islamic scholars on whether or not muslims have an obligation to destroy idols . 
  hint , they do . 
  i 'm sure you 're going to tell me you know more than he does , or the books he 's citing , i ca n't wait . 
  again with those goddamn religious texts ... have they destroyed those artifacts ? 
  because i wonder how all the mesopotamian relics lasted a thousand years of islam then . 
   everything 's always the fault of the west is n't it ? 
  these poor oppressed brown people are just victims with no self-determination at all . 
  sometimes i wonder whether people like you hear how incredibly patronizing and inadvertently racist you sound , but i doubt it . 
  god i am so fed up with you polarising fuckwits , why do you think only in extremes ? 
  `` oh i 'm not against it , so i must by in favour of it '' , the world ai n't black and white you muppet . 
  no , it 's not the `` poor brown people '' , it 's the poor people , of all belifes , ethnicities and backgrounds . 
  the same reason that leads muslims to extremism , leads other people to commit crimes too . 
  the only difference between them is that they have some `` buddies '' fighting a war abroad and the very nature of ideologies allows complete strangers to find a sense of unison , despite having nothing in common . 
  if there were a crusade going on somewhere , nutcase christians would go ahead and join too . 
  things like this are sure as hell a contributing factor : http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/nov/28/soldier-jailed-nailbomb-ryan-mcgee-manchester-bomb http://www.salon.com/2004/07/15/hersh_7/ but do n't you dare calling him a terrorist ey , cuz he ai n't brown . 
  or programs similar to this which are yet undisclosed : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoenix_program  i know you probably did n't mean to link to that , but the oxfordshire gang , as almost all of almost all of the organized sex grooming cases in england have been , were made up entirely of muslims . 
  nah , i meant to link that to show the small time thugs , these gentlemen have been working behind the curtain for decades , probably employing small time guys like the oxfordshire gang : http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/dec/18/police-claims-vip-sex-ring-murder-three-boys?filtered, 
   mohammad destroyed all of the other idols inside of the kaaba , if that 's not cultural cleansing i do n't know what is . 
  so smashing up things in one specific place , to be precise in the holiest site of the religion counts as global cleansing ? 
  did n't jesus smack the shit out of a certain temple too ( although out of a somewhat different reason ) ? 
   `` seventy-eight percent support punishment for the people who earlier this year published cartoons featuring the prophet mohammed . 
  sixty-eight percent support the arrest and prosecution of those british people who `` insult islam . '' '', 
  http://wdyt.com.au/polls/punishment-for-burning-australian-flag/?comment_page=6#comment__151026 polls are as an accurate prediction as a rats anus , especially when the questions and their very wording are not shown . 
  if i ask what 's your favourit ice-cream flavour , chocolate , or vanilla but you like strawberry , the results will be automatically invalid . 
  it 's a very simple trick to fool people down a certain train of thought . 
  lawyers employ this rhetoric very often . 
   why ? 
  the salient difference is that the only kids from developing countries of a religious identity are muslims going off to do these horrible things . 
  what 's their excuse ? 
  they did n't grow up in horrible conditions , in fact many of them are from educated , middle class backgrounds . 
  if poverty was the sole reason people do bad things , we 'd live in pre-heaven . 
  you are once again simplifying a very complex issue , treat someone like an outsider ( and this is bound to happen , because bigots exist everywhere ) and eventually he/she will become one . 
  not saying there are n't plenty of cunts around but no one is born a cunt . 
   i do n't think that 's why most people are shocked over isis . 
  in any case i 've already cited an example of mohammad engaging in similar behavior . 
  similar behaviour , yes , identical , no . 
  do you want me to show you viral videos of the latin american headhunters ? 
  they 've made a sport out of executing , with chainsaws , axes , shovels , hammers , machetes , buzzsaws , grenade launchers , etc. 
  people are outraged because they do n't know better , or do n't wish to . 
  since the dawn of the internet those clips have become to them what social media is to the rest of the world , they even stage competitions on who gets the fastest and cleanest beheading . 
  similar behaviour , yes , identical , no . 
  if it were just for the rape , a good chunk of the british elite would be isis . 
  i apologise for the incessant and late edits , typing on a phone is really painful . 
   if you do n't understand why a rapist , murderous , slaving warlord should n't be a model for contemporary morality i do n't know what else to say . 
  nowhere did i say he 's a role model , i merely picked up on you equating him to the is . 
  afaik he never started cultural cleansing ( and if you have proof for that , then i stand corrected ) , whereas isis is determined to purge their area of all monuments , peoples and views that are not theirs . 
  the recent destruction of a great part of the museum in mosul showcases that . 
  many of those pieces have been openly displayed for centuries at the heart of the islamic world and were regarded by many as piece of pride even , let alone damaging , or destroying them . 
  yes , looters have always been around but it was never a systematic destruction . 
   not even going to keep trying to explain what 's wrong with the language you used , let 's just move past it .
