  in a competitive environment a capitalist society will always outsource a heavily socialist one , hence unless this change happens globally , it is bound to fail , or at least be less effective ( from an economic point of view ) . 
  however we are approaching an era , due to the very nature of our societies , due to the limited space and resources on our planet and due to technological advancement , where a monetary system will drive humanity against the wall . 
  a concept built merely on growth in a shrinking environment , growing population and increasing automatisation will devour itself . 
  we are poisoning not only our one world we have but also the very foundation of the social nature of our species . 
   also , comparing to warsaw pact , yugo was n't that bad , so i can still be condescending and claim you know nothing john west . 
  i know very well of the faults of the ussr , hence i in no way defend the elongation of the russian empire in form of the soviet union , neither do i excuse the faults tito had , what i 'm defending is communism , or marxism in it 's theoretic form , not the interpretations of flawed human societies . 
   unfortunately , too many supposedly modern communists still seem to identify themselves in soviet-era heraldry and symbolism ... not realizing that , this a way , they are still paying historical homage to what other cultures have fully experienced as an oppressive regime . 
  i wholeheartedly agree , i 'm so fed up with people just picking up phrases and declaring themselves communist , unable to recongise and anaylse the faults of the past and instead just blindly pressing on on an idealogical path , instead of improving on the massive short comings of the past . 
  while i 'm not a reformist , i despise , yes , despise people who pick up teachings at face value and vehemently refuse to improve upon them , like , let 's say , the short coming of marx in his manifesto at addressing the issue of corruption and the seizing of power by some people within the society . 
  as always , the stubborn and shortsighted attitude of mankind marks it 's failure . 
   your country can go true communism whenever you want but please spare us bullshitting about wonders of communist economy . 
  i 'm yugoslavian , bosnian to be prices , nice try at scoring with the `` you know nothing '' card but i already lived in a semi-communist system much better than the warsaw pact 's version , or the iterations in asia and latin america . 
   bla bla bla , stalin/mao/pol pot 's atrocities are n't the fault of socialism . 
  yes , we know . 
  indeed , then do n't water down the discussion to merely that , those were results of an absolute disregard for human life towards the goal of an economic growth and political advancement , whereas the very idea of communism is to improve life through the economic system , not the other way round . 
   poverty , food shortages , low standard of living , poor economy are `` gifts '' from communists ' gift regardless of oppression . 
  no thanks . 
  i disagree , because of my history , my family had a better living standard and life prospect in the 70s than i have now in a progressive , supposedly rich western country with a high degree of education . 
  same goes for let 's say cuba , compare the living standard of cubans to countries in a similar level of development and you 'll start to realise people actually value access to health care and education , perhaps even housing more than a new fancy good . 
  i in no way intend to imply those examples are free of fault , on the contrary , however i merely ask you to not be so one sided , or biased . 
  do n't really like it , i already lived for so many years in s\u00fcdtirol and i 'm not really eager to get simply a larger version of bozen without the additional cultural variety , it might be a frustrating situation and economically worst but i still like mediterranean countries the most . 
  ... i already live in bozen , while yes , the autonomous region here offers some break from the incessant abuse by governmental bodies , it 's still italy . 
  i find it more amusing people who equate anything with a label slapped on it as the theory postulated by marx , especially considering one of the key pillars of his ideology has been violated mercilessly in every single `` communist '' country on this planet , the abolishment of hierarchy . 
  yes , some took certain elements from his proposals but failed to implement the entire structure of it , as such , they were as much communist as much as one is rastafari for smoking pot , or the democratic people 's republic of north korea is democratic . 
  call it what it was , stalinism , marxism-leninism but do n't mutilate an already severely abused term further , even more so when it goes against the direct wishes of it 's creator . 
  so a plain red flag is still allowed , as it 's a symbol older than the ussr ? 
  sounds reasonable in that case if it merely covers totalitarian symbolism, 
  hold on , does this just cover totalitarian symbolism , or expands to all communist symbols , even those predating the ussr , like a plain red flag , etc. 
  and very wealthy in general , same goes for austria . 
  while the oecd statistic shows austria slightly ~ ~ above ~ ~ ( edit : quite a bit [ below ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/rankings_by_country.jsp ) even ) italy in terms of living cost , wages are not seldom the double of our national average , on top of less taxes and more social services in return . 
  this country is so fucked i can not bring myself to even make a sarcastic remark about it , our wages are shit , our political landscape is shit , our labour prospect is shit , our tax rate is shit , our social services are shit , our infrastructure is shit , our purchasing power by western standard is abysmal , for god 's sake , most of my mates , myself included , received a much better job offer in spain even . 
  if anyone considered moving to italy , do n't , unless you are economically well supported , or ridiculously rich , you 'll just end up loathing yourself . 
  edit : for more clarity : http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/income/, 
  germany cheaper than italy . . * smashes keyboard *, 
  yep , i aced africa and asia but oceania just straight out murdered me . 
  you 'd be surprised how much stupidity remains on the former yugo territories among certain demographics , not just in serbia/among serbians . 
  the sole fact it 's still a thing would have annoyed me to no end , i went berserk back in high school just because of the bloody crucifix hanging on the wall . 
  which is as an accurate description of his burial place as saying `` he 's buried on planet earth '' . 
  you say that as if germany did n't just waltz over it . 
  yes , belgium exists , it 's a speedbump to the conquest of france . 
  100 % 1:07 masterrace, 
  ah , what a glorious percentage and that is merely accounting for those who registered , there are many more who try their best to remain clandestine and make their way to more prosperous countries . 
   but im happy that if shit is fucked look , if you want to water down this discourse to merely that , i ca n't but say you are stubborn . 
  no one said you ca n't be happy there , as if wealth is all there is to joy . 
  however from a relativistic point of view , it 's worst than it could have been , that 's about it . 
  a back-thought , a reminder which can not be changed and now that i can draw a comparison between the balkans today , big parts of the world and these memories , it turns to a tragedy that would sour my experience . 
  you might not have that outlook because you either have a limited experience about the past and other parts of the world , or you indeed did endure harder times back then . 
  important is that you enjoy yourself wherever you are , regardless of how it is , some people elsewhere in much worst situations are also happy , it merely was n't for me and wo n't ever be . 
  under what pretense was it bad for you ? 
  and i 'm not a serb , i 'm bosnian . 
  you are starting from the premise life would have not improved alternatively . 
  my father earned upwards of $ 1500 back in the 70s , now wages on average how dropped to meager couple of hundreds dollars , perhaps 2 grands if you are lucky with a severly inflated currency , we , my rather poor family had a bloody microwave in the mid 70s , when i came to italy it was still rare to find one in households and one thing particularly stuck with me , there were `` no '' homeless people back then . 
  our former system assured almost for everybody housing , education , healthcare and holidays . 
  spending paid time in croatia nearly every summer was awesome . 
  yugoslavia was far from perfect and especially slovenians have every right to complain about some of the bad policies but do n't compare the 80s with 2015 , compare the hypothetical 2015 without the war with today . 
  we were well ahead of eastern europe in terms of living standard , lifestyle and goods availability , now , on average , we are scooping behind most of the other countries . 
  i do n't understand why it had to be garden eden to be remembered in a positive light , other countries were n't as great as you might imagine at the time , remember the years of lead in italy , franco in spain , salazar in portugal , thatcher in the uk , the fighting in northern ireland , papadopoulos in greece , the crisis of the early 90s . 
  no , life was not amazing but better and only few people can make the exception , namely those who recieved the stick from tito 's deportation policies . 
  that omlet never came however . 
  i do n't want to imply the region is a wasteland no but almost the entirety of the balkans have been set back decades in a senseless shed of blood . 
  as such , to me it is but the rubble of it 's former form . 
  then in what form has the war brought improvement ? 
  i assume you were n't around before the 90s ? 
  i challenge you to find a french website promoting obesity , or even mere chubbiness . 
   the truth is : yes there were a lot of foreign powers pushing for yugoslavia 's dissolution , but we 're fucking idiots ourselves . 
  this is the most accurate one sentence summary . 
  glad i bailed out of there , ca n't stand the animosity between the bigots and the finger pointing hypocrites , enjoy the pile of rubble you errected with blood . 
  no , not because there is something negative attached to it but i do not enjoy taking pride in something i did not contribute to . 
  i was born on this continent and like it for what it 's worth , that 's it . 
  edit : i see quite a few share my sentiment , which is nice . 
  i facedesk 'd as never before , this will backfire so hard , it 'll blow belarus all the way to siberia . 
  cheers !, 
  interesting . 
  yes , moved recently and now i 'm in south tyrol at the border with austria and switzerland . 
  oh hey , an alps brother , you are very welcome to come over !, 
   what about u.s. flag ? 
  noone has even considered being that a criminal act ? 
  i 'm not sure i read your comment correctly but burning the eu , nato , or kosovo flags is not a criminal act . 
  the only one , afaik , with a law surrounding it is the us flag . 
   never been french in the first place . 
  so you may only have dishes if you are the inventor ? 
  i demand all italian deliciousness back !, 
   common ** yankee ** mistake ... . so in the end i just feel love for you , mate . 
  how dare you , do i look like a burger to you ? 
  but no freedom fries , checkmate freedom . 
  some people simply want to see the world ~ ~ burn ~ ~ go butthurt, 
  the reasons it does not work are not confined to the south tho , milan is n't the hooker and coke capital for nothing , nepotism and stagnation plague the entirety of the country . 
  same can be said about any country really , the north east of the us and california would be better without the recessive south , west germany could move forward by dumping east germany , instead of funneling funds their way , spain could get ride of the impoverished rural areas of the sw but splitting a country is no easy task and especially in the case of italy , what would you do with the people flocking north once the south becomes and independent and unsustainable country ? 
  they have nowhere else to go but north and then a myriad of other issues would arise . 
  leaving aside all the societal , economic and political issues with it , it 's not what people want . 
   this is not april 's fools , the only problem is i might be clueless . 
  so do you really think north of italy would n't last on its own ? 
  i do n't see a reason why not , honestly . 
  because it 's mainly an economical rift , few people are aware of how actually fragmented italy is , as in all the different nuances from city to city . 
  sure that is not an abnormality , as each country is a happy mix of customs and habits , however here they are much more pronounced . 
  the big north-south rift is just an expansion of it , until the 90s the mafia was in certain parts the de facto government , which caused after the crack-down on them a collapse of many services and a disillusioned population . 
  the situation is not much different to east-west germany situation , merely that our economy sucks more and issues are on average bigger . 
   beautiful beaches are for tourism , which is nice , but does n't really bring in that much money . 
  and agriculture today is not very productive sector of the economy . 
  north has industry , and a lot of it , it 's part of the blue banana [ 1 ] .
