please , we have claimed the title for dick long ago . 
  state corruption stronk !, 
  italy has a very big old ( er ) population . 
  same with portugal iirc . 
  they usually swing polls in one direction , or the other but you have to keep in mind the general country is fairly conservative , not to say bigoted . 
   what have you done about this ? 
  been to a protest in rome and online blogging . 
  how much can you claim for your table except for trolling on reddit sites ? 
   pot kettle etc. 
  now i 'll hold you personally responsible for random shit that happens in your country . 
  pick up that trash please . 
  not from southern italy and i like to keep my environment clean , thank you for worrying . 
  i know it might be funny for someone like you to admit mistakes and actually try to fix things , instead of saying `` but muh , they too '' . 
  contrary to other people i have no national notion whatsoever and i 'm the first and strongest critic of my broken country . 
  continental europe = / = eu . 
  edit : i see due to the downvote that i rustled your jimmy . 
  how about you ask yourself why turkey has n't joined the eu yet after 2 decades of fruitless attempts , while countries like romania have ? 
  good thing we all like fallacies and addressing things by pointing out other issues . 
  open & shut case , johnson . 
  flying is currently cheaper but a railroad network is more cost efficient on the long run , has a lower emission rate , can transport more people and more goods , while at the same time being able to be directly linked to new energy forms ( fusion - , volcano power-plants , etc. ), 
  making it an ultra cheap , fast and persistent form of transport . 
  yes but we are a country of bigoted imbeciles , do n't expect anything coming from our way . 
  we are ( were some 3 decades ago ) the 3rd biggest economy , because we are being exploited so hard . 
  guys , guys , calm down , it 's not just parts , our whole country is a train wreck . 
  do n't fight against each other , smile at the upcoming downfall together , 
  because our internet sucks , like big times . 
  you sir deserve gold . 
   well youtube is arguably the worst place on the internet . 
  ftfy . 
  youtube comment section , not even once . 
   you have got to be kidding me . 
  you 're quoting the hadiths now ? 
  what happened ? 
  i thought they were n't credible sources , they were written hundreds of years after his death ? 
  you 'd actually be funny if you were n't so serious . 
  my apologies , it 's hard to find short lines that get a point across without copying wall of texts : * introduced a treatment for prisoners of war * liberated the newly formed muslims form the oppression of the meccans * introduced axioms for the treatment of people of other creeds * introduced axioms for the treatment of non-combatants * various societal and political , on top of economical reforms that allowed the arab world to expand in a very short period of time , leading up to the golden age of the islamic world and the preservation and improvement of various occidental teachings . 
  these are the things he 's being commended for , even nowadays warfare tends to abolish all written laws , let alone during the antiquity . 
   maybe it 's just your god awful english , but you said `` when people commend the founding fathers they do not think of rich slave holders '' , people often think of them as slaveholders when they 're being commended . 
  while the official commendation may not include it , the ensuing discussion often does . 
  sigh , no , when you commend someone , you do not do it for the things he did wrong , you commend him for what has been done right . 
  i commend hitler for being a vegetarian and caring deeply for animals , that does not mean the rest of his actions are undone , or forgotten . 
  they are merely not commendable but despicable instead . 
  same for the founding fathers , same for mandela , same for muhammed . 
   oh , so you want me to point out the nice things that isis is doing ? 
  well , if they run into any christian monks we 'll see how they treat them , maybe mohammad would disagree with them over the way they treat christian monks , but raping and enslaving yazidis ? 
  beheading infidels ? 
  do n't tell me he would n't be on board with that . 
   which would be fine if he were just a historical figure and not the founder of a faith that 1.5 billion people follow . 
  how is this not getting through to you ? 
  what is getting through to me and not to you is that people will take what fits their views and ignore the rest . 
  assumptions , i do n't know what he would do , i know that when you bring in a figure of centuries past , they 'll act `` wrong '' , one way or another . 
  i 'm fairly confident lord krishna would act quite differently now than he did 2000 years ago . 
  projecting present cultural values upon past things skews perception , hence my previous comment about gandhi . 
  he lived in a time where racism was the norm , as such blaming him particularly for that makes no justice to the rest of his doings . 
  muhammed lived in a time where rape , pillage and execution was the norm and he actually improved on that matter . 
  hence what he 's being commended for . 
  i 'll end this , since it 's getting nowhere and before you add something , the day political and religious ideologies finally loosen their grip on humanity , i will be unbelievable joyful , ecstatic even , if i live to see it . 
   holy shit , your reading comprehension is god damn awful . 
  christ abrogated those parts . 
  do you know what that word means ? 
  look it up . 
  which was my point ...  holy shit , your reading comprehension is god damn awful . 
  christ abrogated those parts . 
  do you know what that word means ? 
  look it up . 
  you mean the same qur ` an that has following parts ? 
   `` in one of prophet muhammad 's battles , a woman was found dead . 
  upon this , the prophet prohibited killing women and children in battles . '' ( buhar\u00ee , `` jihad '' 146 ; muslim , `` jihad '' 24-25 ) . 
   `` three kinds of people are not responsible for what they do : a sleeping person until he wakes ; a senile or insane person until they regain their mental health ; and children until they grow up . ''  `` set out in the name of allah . 
  fight for the religion of allah and in the name of allah . 
  do not kill the elderly . '' cherry-picking sure is nice , especially bloody religious text . 
  it seems like you have more in coming with isis than you 'd like to admit . 
   hahahaha you 're criticizing my english ? 
  yes , they commend them while recognizing that they were slave holders . 
  they do n't conveniently ignore it as you seem so willing to do . 
  find me an official document that states the founding fathers are being praised for being slave holders , acknowledging and commending are two different things . 
   i 'm not , he was a bloody murderer , a rapist , and a slaver . 
  til nearly every warrior/soldier up to the last two centuries would fit in with isis . 
  emperor nero must be the godfather of is . 
   i 'm sorry , it 's just that every time you make reference to that document you use a new word . 
  i know english is n't your first language , but pamphlet  look like this , it is n't just `` any piece of paper '' . 
  do we understand ? 
  i asked for the tiniest bit of official declaration by isis in similar fashion to the testament by muhammed , not the same caliber , just a tiny bit of paper , a pamphlet . 
  do you have anything at hand ? 
   again , forget about the hadiths , everything i quoted in the hadiths can be found in the qur ` an . 
  there 's absolutely no dispute that he killed women and children . 
  it 's in their god damn holy book . 
  for fuck 's sake , i 'm going to take your name at face value and make this my last reply . 
  there are parts in the bible which say stoning homosexuals is a duty , just like punishment by death for adultery :  if there is a man who lies with his daughter-in-law , both of them shall surely be put to death ; they have committed incest , their bloodguiltiness is upon them . 
  13if there is a man who lies with a male as those who lie with a woman , both of them have committed a detestable act ; they shall surely be put to death . 
  their bloodguiltiness is upon them . 
  14if there is a man who marries a woman and her mother , it is immorality ; both he and they shall be burned with fire , so that there will be no immorality in your midst . ...  `` if a man practices homosexuality , having sex with another man as with a woman , both men have committed a detestable act . 
  they must both be put to death , for they are guilty of a capital offense . 
  that does not mean it was jesus 's wish , neither are the hadith muhammed 's wish , is that finally getting into your thick skull ? 
   plenty of people do . 
  so when they commend , they do that on the basis that they are slave holders ? 
  are you sure you are versed well enough to communicate in english ? 
   yeah again , plenty of people do . 
  commending has a very specific meaning :  verb | 1 . praise formally or officially . 
   seriously , is your only argument , most people are too ignorant of history to know any better , so we should ignore all the shitty things that mohammad did too ?
