  is only $ 17,90 with flixbus . 
   i never stated that yugoslavia was soviet , i said exactly what you quoted : `` we lost whole european civilization to a soviet one . '', 
  if you read about goals of communists you can clearly see that they succeeded in the west , we build in their way ( west is full of commie blocks ) , we live like they wanted us to ( everyone is dressed same way , nationalism is a sin , family is not a value , etc ) give me a direct source , either from theoreticians , or high-profile figures . 
  i want to see exactly where they have written in stone we have to `` dress the same way , living in quick-build apartment blocks , etc. '', 
  furthermore , how come you complain about conformity and lack of variety when the thing people most complain about now-a-days is aggressive individualism , non-conformity and so forth ? 
  what if i told you the dislike for nationalism stems unquestionably from the fact it was a * direct * cause for the two bloodiest and devastating wars this planet has ever seen , while also sporting the worst of crimes humans have ever committed . 
  honestly , that sentence above of yours alone has gob smacked me back to reason , you are not only wilfully ignorant of the past but also blind to the present . 
  consider this my last reply . 
   `` the us is '' - that is my point . 
  we had european culture , now we have soviet , globalistic one , you just proved my point . 
  you massive bellend , whether we are liberals , fascists , communists , or macguffinists is irrelevant to that fact that all of those things are ** inherently ** european . 
  merely because you oppose it does not change the reality of it being born from europeans in europe . 
  it is ours , the good and the bad , so even if and to be clear here , i am adamant that you are full of shit , however i 'll let it slide for the sake of presenting the argument , even if we were `` soviet '' , we 'd be 100 % european culturally speaking . 
   european culture can easily be defined by anyone you ask on a street , there is a set of rules and customs that used to be present in europe and yes it was forming for centuries , but it was suddenly ended about 60 years ago by a critical theory followers and right now everything that we used to love is hated and everything we used to hate is loved . 
  sudden sovietisation of europe 60 years ago has put an end to an european values and culture . 
  what customs , what rules , there are peoples with strong ties to liberalism , others with strong ties to socialism , some go to continental philosophy , others have found their answers in the analytical one , we have republicans , monarchists , we have atheists and religious zealots , we have people who have unshakable ideals of pacifism while others cheer for the death penalty . 
  it is precisely during the last 70 years , following the enormous collective trauma that was wwii which caused european cultures to greatly converge like never before , we were far more different in the past , we shared far less and were much harder to throw into a pot of superficial similarity you labelled `` european culture '' . 
  just cut to the chase , you are as transparent as your initial comment showed you to be , drop the cultural marxist , atheist , muslim , feminazi conspiracy bomb delusion that haunts that head of yours . 
  do n't be shy . 
   i did not conflat yugoslavia with the soviet union `` we lost whole european civilization to a soviet one . '', 
  yugoslavia was never soviet , nor was it anyhow influenced by it in any meaningful sense . 
  in fact , one of the quickest ways to get into trouble was explicitly voicing support for it back in the day . 
   european civilisation was spread across the ocean so were a dozen others , which in returned mingled and created a new one . 
  the us is just as much european as iran is turkish , sure , there was and still is plenty of cultural overlap due to historical circumstances but the divergence is by now centuries old . 
  calling it the same is disingenuous , much like calling italian , or french contemporary culture roman is . 
   there is nothing ahistorical in what i said culture is a dynamic and transitive occurrence , with various factors of reciprocity at play . 
  anybody who claims something is lost because it was replaced by another has no historical , let alone social understanding of the mechanics at play . 
  what you define as `` european culture '' , whatever you might imply with such a monolithic statement incorporating diagonally opposed mindsets and hundreds of different peoples , is in equal measure a product of the roman empire , the rise of the muslim world , european expansionism and imperialism , the enlightenment , the world-wars and all other things that played into it , political movements of all shapes and forms included . 
  the social movements of the 19th and early 20th century which ultimately resulted in the birth of the soviet union have greatly shaped the mindset of the people on the continent and to a lesser extent world-wide . 
  without it we 'd be stuck in a perpetual state of stagnation , the very stagnation the people in the past rose up against , ushering in the era of relative stability and wealth we have been enjoying for the past years . 
  in conclusion , spare me the reactionary romanticism of `` the past '' before you yourself approach the topic with at least a fragment of integrity and self-reflection . 
  what the fuck is this post , conflating yugoslavia with the soviet union , posting exclusively pictures of the us to highlight european architecture and social structure with some more ahistorical rambling on top ... just wat , i must have taken the bait . 
  oh most definitely , it 's merely that i see people use byzantine empire ( particularly among anglo-speakers ) more often for the eastern half , rather than rome . 
  the latter is obviously absolutely correct , i was just elaborating for those that might get confused . 
   slavic lands that you called empty forests and shit farms . 
  small correction there mate , slavs came much later , they settled in the eastern parts of the empire after the western half had already crumbled and justinian was trying to re-establish it . 
  slavs actually conquered the lands of say thracians , illyrians , etc. 
  unless you are referring to territory which * today * belongs to slavic peoples , in which case disregard my comment . 
  or the greeks , or the phoenicians , or the berbers , or the myriad of other peoples . 
  eat a dick wankstain , if you ca n't get your shit sorted out yourself , do n't bitch at me for trying to point out your hypocrisy . 
  you 've been derailing the point of discussion since your first comment , it 's time to step away from the keyboard . 
  i did , nothing showed up , i even found a facebook page of a french freshman highschooler named like durn ( thus born post 2002 ) , otherwise i would n't use it as an argument you twat . 
  so are richard durn and eric borel , have those combinations been prohibited ? 
  have the names leopold , borel , \u00c9ric , richard , etc. 
  been blacklisted the same ? 
  i genuinely do n't know , if they have , then fair enough , i was wrong , if they have n't , my point still stands . 
   what was the outcome ? 
  iirc a couple of families profited from the offer during the crisis and and received the money , no courts intervened . 
   this is from 2007 : italian court : child can not be named friday fascinating , i did not know about that , shows again my country 's warped priorities when naming kids after our last brutal dictator is not a big deal but friday apparently is . 
   * discretion is the word you 're looking for . 
  a digression is a temporary departure from the subject at hand . 
  thanks , auto-correction . 
   it is not about ill-intent but about the child not suffering undue hardship . 
  then so should all other names that fall into the same category . 
  the discussion is about selective prosecution , not the legislature itself , names of people that have gone down in history as the worst our species has to offer remain virtually untouched , while others are have to endure major scrutiny due to the current ( hysterical ) social environment . 
   yeah ... it played wtf !, 
  i do n't follow , what has this to do with legislating names ? 
  i can offer you some more examples of archaic italian law if you wish , however i do n't quite understand what it has to do with the topic at hand . 
   if mr and mrs mussolini tried to name their child benito , would the italian authorities respond that it 's not in the best interests of the child ? 
  a few years back we had a campaign organised by the neo-fascist movement fiamma tricolore that offered $ 500 to any family that named their child benito , or rachele and $ 1500 to any family that carried the surname mussolini . 
  ~ ~ our state does not play the nanny when it comes to things like this , it is at your own discretion if you wish to make your child a possible target for ostracisation/ridicule in the future . ~ ~ do n't you dare naming your kid friday or nutella though !, 
  particularly in this case , where their surname is merah and the first name the most popular name * on the planet * , while also being a highly regarded sign of respect among religious people , i simply can not openly assume ill-intentions by the people doing so . 
  edit : correction, 
   i presume the references are to the belgian king , british pm , and us president ? 
  i understand that you may consider them ultimately responsible for atrocities carried out in their names , but they did n't commit the acts themselves , and the acts are not the only thing that they are known for . 
  by that definition neither hitler , stalin , nor mussolini would be considered mass murderers . 
  hit me up when the name anders gets banned . 
   nazism ( nationaler sozialismus ) was also socialism . 
  [ god ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1sx674/how_socialist_was_nazi_germany/ ) [ damnit ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2414w2/what_exactly_makes_the_nazis_not_socialist_isnt/ ) . 
  do n't tell me this nonsense is spreading , less than a decade ago i heard this bollocks only from absolutely ignorant americans ( no offence to you guys across the pond , it 's merely that due to their vocal nature and pure numbers , your bigots tend to receive more exposure ) but i keep stumbling over it time and time again in recent years . 
  the nazis were as socialist as the democratic people 's republic of north korea is democratic or a hamster is made of ham . 
  eh , bolzano is among the hottest cities in italy and it 's located square in the middle of the alps . 
  thermic traps in basins between high peaks make for some quite wonky climates . 
  i laughed way too hard at `` kaputnik '' , fuck my juvenile humour . 
  a new space race would be quite fantastic , of course without the whole cold war baggage and ideological posturing , just a global cooperation for a common goal . 
  you ca n't make that statement without breaking a logical deduction , tautology does not strengthen your argument , you ca n't say progressivism can radically change society without revolution without it actually having occurred ever since , it 's a shaky assumption at best . 
  there was no instance in the us since the revolution where society changed in such a dramatic fashion , the closest was the abolition of slavery and in that regard the us was among the last to do that , following non-progressive entities such as the various european monarchies , on top of a domestic war . 
  so following the track record of all radical changes in societies , they were always preceded by a great upheaval , either from within , or without , beyond that any assumption is incongruent . 
  that ignores the very event which lead to the creation of said republic , which was a violent revolution against the british crown , quite convenient of you to choose a starting point where your definition can take hold without the drawbacks of having to face the consequences . 
  especially since no event since in the us has been as radical . 
  let me rephrase it , how would you make the transition from pre-republicanism to republicanism without abolishing what is ? 
  i do n't perceive keynesian economics to be as bound by the rigidity of pure calculus like the neo-classical are , they indeed operate under quite a large margin of error . 
  of course i fully agree that they will never come close to achieving accuracy like lets say any engineering field . 
  historical materialism means that the situation of the respective classes determine their actions , it has nothing to with material concerns , because materialism here means in contrast to idealism , which stipulates thought/the mind itself shapes reality instead of vice-versa . 
  and that is relevant how to the situation in europe ? 
  the us has such a deep political understanding to label obama a socialist , a classical liberal if there ever has been one . 
  [ ariel offers a solution to that . 
   well it 's just like they say , the grass is greener in ~ ~ europe ~ ~ ireland . 
  grass is on fucking fire around here . 
  til , i always assumed the wolf was merely the symbol of rome rather than the whole country . 
  that 's because many european ( and by extension north and south american ) powers adopted roman imagery to either establish a continuum , or give legitimacy to their claim to power , particularly through the legions ' aquila . 
  that is the case for the austrian empire , the spanish empire , fascist spain , the hreogn , the russian empire , the us and so forth . 
  much in the same manner the double-headed eagle heraldry of the eastern roman empire was adopted by various countries within and outside of europe as well and can be spotted in some coats of arms , or national flags to this very day . 
  oh great , another earthquake ... nope , just poles and balts losing their shit as always . 
  resource extraction , disproportionate exchange agreements , heavy-handed monopoly control of said resources and exchange routes on parts of predominantly western , in the last decade also chinese investors/businesses on top of ham-fisted `` aid programs '' have never stopped , or helped for that matter in the grand picture . 
  it is almost two decades since the un started condemning agricultural subsidies for exacerbating problems across multiple regions in africa by demolishing upstart entrepreneurs in the most basic activities all societies rely upon , yet they never fully stopped ; ever since the `` decolonisation '' the resources and wealth flow from the so called independent african nations have never been surpassed by the investment brought back into them . 
  in comparison to what has been and still is happening down there , the soviet regime was a blessing for eastern europe . 
  furthermore this does not exclusively apply to africa but to most developing nations across all continents who are at the mercy of foreign powers , south-east asian nations and poorer latin american countries as well . 
  http://www.gfintegrity.org/press-release/new-report-on-unrecorded-capital-flight-finds-developing-countries-are-net-creditors-to-the-rest-of-the-world/ what some here are trying to paint as benevolence/guilt-based compassion is the equivalent of me stomping somebody , taking their wallet and then demanding from them to be grateful because i dropped a dollar on their bloodied face . 
  what used to be a military stranglehold in colonial times has now become economic dominion through monopolies and market dependencies with various means , some blatantly oppressive , others more devious but also far more common , such as trade misinvoicing .
