  you can go ahead and stroke your ego with some feel-good toys and pointless chest-pounding , however i sure as hell wo n't , just as little as italy will become a major player on a global scale in terms of military intervention given the enormous dysfunction within and without the armed forces . 
   as bad as it sounds , money invested in the military is well-invested money , as the us proves . 
  sure , if you maintained a hegemony with that money , any and ever cent poured into the us military comes back in from of subjugated foreign interests , through national contractors , or as an extension of the research that then flows back into the private sector . 
  even with those advantages the general cost , domestically and especially abroad , is far too high when applied to the people that have to endure this nonsense . 
  so spare me the pseudo-realist bollocks , our carriers have been docked for months because we could n't afford fuel for them , what a fantastic use of resources that is and this is merely the cheery on top of the shit-pie . 
  furthermore considering how the world is moving farther away from conventional warfare due to the intertwined nature of the global economies , the overlap of business interests which transcend national ones and the explosive rise of the efficacy of insurgencies and civil wars in major population centres to disrupt potential opponents , these kinds of armies are inching closer and closer to becoming obsolete by the day . 
  i 'd rather not pour my pride into carriers that sit around doing fuck all most of the time given the mountain of other issues we have . 
  what the fuck did i just read ? 
  please tell me this is n't true , no , actually i do n't want to know , i 'll just needlessly get worked up over this calibre of stupidity . 
  we fucked off to other places in order to get away from the nationalistic bigots who started the war ( s ) and from what i remember `` yugoslavian '' was not tolerated as a denomination even during the war , i do n't expect it to be valid now . 
  disclaimer : personal anecdote . 
   ` marxian economists ' are like ` creation scientists ' last i checked there is no curriculum even in theological studies that involves creationism , so that comparison is moronic beyond doubt . 
   they do not have any credibility because they are seeking to validate their marxist predispositions rather than independently observing what is actually going on he 's precisely being cited * for * his observations , not his theories . 
  the foundations in anthropology and sociology are based on his methods as well for example , it is the rigorousness of the analysis that makes him still relevant . 
   marxian labor theory of value is extremely discredited not only as a philosophy but also in explaining the price system mathematically because real world data does not correspond . 
  true , yet that 's the entire point , the methodology behind it is being praised and employed , rather than the theory preceding it , for example commodification and the impact it has on the behaviour of an agent within a market , unlike hayek 's `` markets always reveal the truth '' , or the godawful game theory of the completely rational actor , anyone who has been merely grazed by marketing training knows what bollocks the latter is . 
   modern economists are not good at predicting the short term macro economy because it 's extremely complex and when you have seven billion individual decision making actors , a couple of hundred nation states with different economic policies , that all coupled with invalid or a lack of actual data , it 's hard to make short term predictions . 
  this does not mean that long term general predictions ( usually greater than 30 years ) can not be made . 
  it has been so since the dawn of time and although modern markets operate at a greater level of complexity , some still make reasonable predictions and deductions , for example piketty and kahneman . 
  why ? 
  because they do not operate on that specific dogmatism found within post-classical economics ; as my staunchly keynesian professor said in regards to their zealousness when trying to apply mathematical precision within a fleeting and complex system with loads of unknowns , `` neo-economic studies are merely classified as sciences to make meteorology look good '' . 
   progressivism on the other hand is expands on the existing . 
  and not only that but it does n't demonize alternatives such as conservative or libertarian ideas . 
  which means it works great in a democracy that seeks compromise and broader coalitions . 
  how would you say , reform monarchy in order to abolish it in such a system of development you define as progressive without smashing the pre-existent ? 
  do n't you think your view is a bit reductionist in the general sense ? 
  why do you north americans always assume our universities are as thoroughly purged by the chicago economists as they are in australia , canada and the us ? 
  the bocconi university in milan , ludwig-maximilians-universit\u00e4t munich and even the austrian-school 's former playground , the london school of economics , to name a few top universities , have all economic curricula based on quite a few works by marx and lesser known ones like david harvey , samir amin and wolff . 
  it is certainly not a central subject among the things treated , however all of them have still considerable relevance in the academic discourse , especially when modern gurus like krugman keep making atrocious predictions and analyses . 
   and yet , every communist experiment ever ended pretty much exactly as if somebody told people exactly this . 
  could make you think ... because every single experiment has either been funded , or directly influenced by the ussr , ergo in nature and execution they were leaning towards marxism-leninism with the heavy focus on a vanguard party and the idealised version of the industrial worker as the role model . 
  the ussr legitimised its existence as `` the first socialist country '' on the global stage by putting on the mantle of `` how socialism should be done '' , despite numerous opposition elsewhere ( italian , dutch and french socialists in western countries , yugoslavia among the so called socialists to name a few ) , yet ultimately not sufficiently strong enough to compete with the resources and strength of a superpower like the ussr in any meaningful way . 
  stepping outside that mould would have been a conflict of interests so to speak . 
  besides me being from yugoslavia , having travelled extensively both the eastern bloc and western europe , the things were far from the homogeneous idiocy often portrayed by `` enlightened redditors '' such as yourself , let alone from actual political and social analysis as provided by scholars , or countries in the global south like say burkina faso . 
  but who needs nuances , a healthy dose of the argument to moderation and we are golden , right ? 
   and the communist crowd shows it 's lack of intellect and arguments in the form of downvotes . 
  proletarians of all countries the downvotes come from your lack of coherence ( unless you want to tell me there is this hidden cabal of leftist suppressing dissent anywhere on the net and the real world ) , seeing as comments painting communism as worse than nazism have a positive score , you merely tried to play the smartass with the question in regards to crimes committed by christians allegedly being written down in the bible and then double-backed when it got turned around on you , thus also the above comment in response . 
  obviously they were n't as they were a product of the time and place , with the religious doctrine playing a secondary role at best , a cover for other , more hidden grievances and aspirations . 
  same for `` communism '' , especially when treating marx , who came openly into conflict with french and german marxists ( kautsky and guesde to name two ) in his lifetime over what would amount to what lenin would do a few decades after his death . 
  as such associating his writings with failures committed by people long after his death based on ideas he critiqued intensely beforehand is , according to you , a logically congruent reasoning ; i hope i do n't have to tell you how laughable that is . 
  it is also from that very time-period his famous quote of `` ce qu'il y a de certain c'est que moi , je ne suis pas marxiste '' ( `` what is certain is that i myself am not a marxist '' ) stems , precisely because he was unsatisfied with what conclusions other drew from his and engel 's works . 
   lol , so when hell freezes over ... 
  compelling argument , were we talking about the posthumous execution , or the outlines of this own works ? 
  perhaps you enjoy moving the goalpost ? 
  i still have n't seen the passage where it says `` establish gulags and label anybody you do n't like as counter-revolutionary before you proclaim yourself the god-emperor of the working-class '' , be so kind and quote me that section , i seems i have missed it . 
   the irony !, 
  i bet in a capitalist society the number of owners of means of production is a million times higher than the number of rulers in the communist party . 
  that 's why ml ( m ) s get blasted mockingly as `` red fascists '' among far-left circles . 
  however seeing as your grasp of the entire theory behind it is weak , to say the least , i 'll skip on taking your wild guesses of how many stand in relation to what at face value , if you do n't mind . 
  i 'll paraphrase chomsky on this dichotomy when approaching the two ideologies and the underlying hypocrisy . 
  a capitalist society is by default romanticised as the concept , any deviations in practice are seen as `` flaws '' from the perfect state , whereas for socialist societies , their flaws are seen as `` features '' of the system in place . 
  on is an unfortunate circumstance , the other an inherent evil , yet both are positively and negatively affected by the respective historical and social contexts but only the latter carries the full blame for them when the deviations occur . 
  he 's going on about the fact that turks are not an arab ethnicity but they are , unsurprisingly , a turkic ethnicity . 
  what you just stated before would be the equivalent of saying `` even germans are divided into good ones like austrians and bad ones poles '' . 
  those are distinct ethnic groups , germans and slavs , turks and arabs . 
  it is unsurprising given the general ignorance on most of the middle east and central asia , i 've seen persians being conflated with turks and arabs more often than i can count . 
   translated to reality `` class that enacts it '' means : the communist party . 
  and there we are ... why guess what the he might mean instead of simply quoting the relevant passage ? 
  `` as soon as there is no longer any social class to be held in subjection ; as soon as class rule , and the individual struggle for existence based upon our present anarchy in production , with the collisions and excesses arising from these , are removed , nothing more remains to be repressed , and a special repressive force , a state , is no longer necessary . 
  the first act by virtue of which the state really constitutes itself the representative of the whole of society -- the taking possession of the means of production in the name of society -- this is , at the same time , its last independent act as a state . 
  state interference in social relations becomes , in one domain after another , superfluous , and then dies out of itself ; the government of persons is replaced by the administration of things , and by the conduct of processes of production . '', 
  - socialism : utopian and scientific  presenting nietzsche as a nazi is obviously ridiculous . 
  just as ridiculous to denying any relation whatsoever between him and nazi-ideology . 
  but the most ridiculous ones are those who try to make nietzsche compliant to liberalism/democracy/etc . 
  quite , so is the conflation of a thinker like marx who sought to abolish the rule by the few with a society for all , free of states and hierarchic domination with a totalitarian interpretation of the likes of the soviet union . 
  christ , the `` dictatorship of the proletariat '' refers to the decision making in society and the class that enacts it . 
  according to marx , we are currently living in a `` dictatorship of the bourgeoisie '' , because that is the leading class , which cements the status quo and its own position firmly in place . 
  the amount of misunderstanding in regards to this simple concept is equal to nietzsche being called a nazi for using the term '' \u00dcbermensch '' , in both cases nobody who read either authors would have misunderstood them , only those who have read 3 , or 4 disjointed sentences , then jumped to conclusions would . 
  as far as the revolution itself goes , it has always been an inherently violent affair , be it the split from an empire , theological change , or the abolition of monarchy , therefore the radical change of the social structure by abolishing states , classes and the value concept was ( is ) equally unlikely to occur without resistance . 
  if you ca n't even read statistics , how would you be able to understand political and economic theory ? 
   however , after the 1960s quality began to decline as did the general standard of living in russia . 
  this decline sped up after the collapse of the soviet union . 
  in the first four post-soviet years , that decline was typified by significant increases in infant and maternal mortality and contagious diseases and by decreases in fertility and life expectancy . 
  the life expectancy of men fell from 64 to 57 from 1990 to 1994 , and throughout the 1990s alcohol-related deaths increased 60 % and infectious and parasitic diseases increased by 100 % . 
  http://missinglink.ucsf.edu/lm/russia_guide/russianhealth2.htm same goes for the majority of the former soviet republics and satellite sates ( romania , hungary , kazakhstan to name a few ) . 
  shit , here i thought i was sneaky * glances at flair * i 'd be a shoddy spy . 
  sure thing but jewish ancestry is passed down through the maternal line , ergo his mother and for all intents and purposes , the nazis would have consider him a `` pure-bred '' jew , because there was no ethno-religious mixing in his imminent ancestry . 
  he himself was n't fond of any religions , especially in the perpetuation of a class-based society . 
  [ fractals in action ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/685/582/a14.jpg ), 
   so maybe with hitler too . 
  a self-hating jew then , you do realise his family was jewish , right ? 
  `` on the jewish question '' was a work that came as response to bauer 's analysis and tied in with `` the holy family '' as a mockery of the perpetuated class-conditions within an intertwined value concept . 
  [ i 'd like to know based on what in-depth anthropological studies you 've come to this groundbreaking conlcusion . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p55spy0.jpg ) for real now , every time somebody invokes `` human nature '' what they want to say is `` the way i 've interpreted my very limited understanding of social dynamics '' . 
  only once i 'd like to see this statement sourced and not blatantly contradict academic understanding . 
  leaving aside that `` kapital '' has fuck all to do with theory , since it 's a critque of the contemporary capitalism . 
  * desire to seize the means of production intensifying *, 
  please stay where you are , a digos unit has been dispatched to your location to make you answer for your crimes against humanity . 
  oddly i ca n't find any concrete numbers for triton , i do remember reading it was something like 2,8 million euro per month ( those were estimates at the time ) , while mn was around 9 . 
  perhaps now it 's even less than that ? 
  on a side note , now that i 've scratched open the events of the last years , the eu 's obsession with `` cost '' is absolutely deplorable , be it the migrant crisis or the eurozone crisis with greece , etc. 
  i do n't see a stable future for the eu if we continue drawing lines of division among bean counters . 
  edit : [ found the ec estimates from 2014 putting it at $ 2,9 millon per month . 
  ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-14-566_en.htm ), 
   so ` mare nostrum ' was carried on by the eu border patrol agency frontex as ` operation triton ' , but instead of patrolling the sea the ships and planes only monitored the areas close to the shores . 
  more dead people , fewer refugees . 
  operation triton has less than a third of funding at disposal compared to mare nostrum , despite it being a pan-eu operation , whereas mn was funded exclusively by italy until outside political pressure and interior desire to cut funding spelled its death . 
  interrail really only pays off for prolonged journeys across several countries , not for relatively short border-hops . 
   but i ca n't seem to find any cheap flights from the uk during spring and summer months ; i 'd have to fly to a neighbouring country and get a train take a bus , especially german companies like eurolines and flixbus offer a broad variety of destinations all across europe for a very reasonable price . 
  if you find a cheap flight somewhere to northern italy , austria , or southern germany , a bus to slovenia should be no more than $ 40 .
