  no , i said you should not accuse him of things he was n't . 
   what pamphlet ? 
  if i 'm incoherent it 's only because your worldview is so incredibly skewed . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/achtiname_of_muhammad this one , is your memory fading ? 
  has isis issued anything of the like ? 
  are you sure there is no dispute ? 
   in addition , the hadith collections are accounts of the verbal and physical teachings and traditions of muhammad that date from several generations after his death . 
  [ 39 ]  western academics view the hadith collections with caution as accurate historical sources . 
  [ 39 ] scholars such as madelung do not reject the narrations which have been compiled in later periods , but judge them in the context of history and on the basis of their compatibility with the events and figures . 
  [ 40 ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muhammad at any rate , the world ai n't black and white but a sea of gray , when people commend the founding fathers they do not think of rich slave holders , when people commend mandela they do n't think of the terrorist , when people commend gandhi they do n't think of the racist prick . 
  same here , when people commend muhammed as founding figure they do not talk about him as warlord but the reformist who changed societal issues , improved the class system and eased religious tension in a very precarious region of the world where the 3 of the biggest ideologies ( or 4 if you count hinduism ) met . 
  you can be all defensive and wave your arms around , wo n't change anything of the fact that i already stated i 'm not interested in discussing religion and merely out there to get factual things straight . 
  starting from following premise ( as in your statement ) :  he would have fit right in with isis . 
  has isis issued similar pamphlets to the one mentioned beforehand , because if they have n't , your previous claim is wrong . 
  quite frankly this is incredibly tiresome , you are obviously not interested in discussing but merely out there to spout your views , regardless of veracity and your incoherence and lack of comprehension leaves me unwilling to reply anymore . 
  and i quoted a script by muhammed himself that contradicts that . 
  analyse the scripts written by him and go off that basis , not the rest . 
  if i refer to jesus and his actions , i 'm not going to drag into it the popes of the 14th century . 
  how many more times do i have to tell you the hadiths were written after his death and are as much testament to himself as some dude 200 years in the future writing down `` my thoughts and ideals '' . 
  all these verses and commandments were composed by people who added a personal twist to the text long after his time and are as such no confirmation for his view . 
  analyse the scripts written by him and go off that basis , not the rest . 
  if i refer to jesus and his actions , i 'm not going to drag into the popes of the 14th century . 
  do n't worry , there are more of us , we just have to stay strong until the loudmouths get tired of yelling and move on to the next hot topic . 
   south tyrol this movement has died down a lot recently , it has been years since i 've heard any news from that front , seems like all the secessionists movements have lost their momentum gained using the crisis as spring-board . 
  no complaints there . 
   can you really argue that the founder of a religion is n't ultimately the most important person in the direction it takes ? 
  look at early christianity and the way it is today . 
  arguably the worst years were between 700-1500 . 
  beginning with the renaissance the church began seriously nurturing humanism , which is ultimately what contemporary european values are based on . 
  now it 's almost come full circle . 
  islam on the other hand has n't changed very much at all , it started out as violent and fascistic and that 's the way it is today . 
  certianly , however i do n't like black and white painting and considering what happened to many `` founding figures '' and their ideas after the masses started twisting it to their own views , it 's not really a fair evaluation . 
  lenin was a bitter enemy of hirarchy and glorification of figure heads , yet the ussr turned the revolution in the dominion of `` the party '' , uplifting his veneration to a legendary scale , conserving his body as sort of puppet for almost a century in direct violation of his wishes . 
  we are talking about people who interacted with him personally . 
  imagine now how that goes for religious scripts with centuries inbetween them . 
   i 'm in awe , really . 
  i 'm citing a text that 's recognized by the vast majority of muslims as one of the most trusted ones , i 've cited verses from the qur ` an that support it . 
  what fantasy land do you live in where they are n't relevant ? 
  where exactly did i go on about the entirety of islam ? 
  i asked you a simple thing , you keep avoiding it : `` on what basis do you equate muhammed to isis ? 
   this is such a silly argument . 
  christianity and islam are both addendums to judaism . 
  christ specifically abrogated verses like that in his sermon on the mount , which is why for the first 400 or so years after his death christians were strict pacifists , so much that they would n't even go to war to defend their own lives . 
  mohammad on the other hand , forged his legacy in blood and steal . 
  ah , jesus is relevant in his actions when shapping pre-scripts religions but others are n't ? 
  the only difference why they initially started differently was due to the situation of the two figure heads ( oppressed worker , vs `` liberating '' warlord ) . 
   giving protection to people of the book as long as they do n't defy you is a pretty low bar . 
  bukhari is one of the most sacred and trusted hadiths in islam , it is n't `` some random haddith '' , and similar verses can be found in the qur ` an . 
  for someone so insistent on sourceable material you sure do like to pick and choose what counts to suit your argument . 
  look , i get you are n't best buddy with reading and comprehension but stop being so incoherent . 
  i asked from you to source me `` he would fit in right with isis '' , to which you reply with a hadith written three hunred fucking years after his death . 
  if that is a more valid testament to him than his own actions , i do n't know how to take it further with you . 
  he was a warlord that introduced new reforms and some lasting differences , not a butcher . 
  as such he should be treated , as a figure from the 7th century , not gandhi , neither am i approaching this from a teologic angle , merely the historical figure . 
  since you seem to have shown your true colours by reducing the discussion to merely religion , which intruiges me as much as a wet fart , i will conclude this now . 
  cheerio . 
   at everything , from organized systems of rule to the ability to forge quality steel , to sailing and shipbuilding , tell me what you think any conquered society did better . 
  even at being considered to be gods by the natives , psyops at it 's finest . 
  you should give credit where credit is due but analysing history without acknowledging the dumb luck and coincidences of it is laughable at best . 
   have you read the qur ` an and the hadiths ? 
  from the justified killing of innocent women and children to their enslavement for the purposes of sex ( among other things ) he was a terrible human being . 
  the older parts of the abrahamic religions are near identical , example from the bible :  the people of samaria must bear their guilt , because they have rebelled against their god . 
  they will fall by the sword ; their little ones will be dashed to the ground , their pregnant women ripped open . 
  ( hosea 13:16 ) as such going further into a debate neither me , or you are versed in , especially a topic so full of shit and prone to interpretation , i sincerely doubt serves any purpose . 
  considering the [ achtiname of muhammad ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/achtiname_of_muhammad ) was also one of mohammed 's own creation and not some random haddith decades after his death , your previous statement is a direct contradiction . 
  what i merely i 'm hinting at ( except for your biased approach towards this whole matter ) is that the undertone of most religions the same and the abrahamic ones are just blatant copies with their same mistakes and commendations . 
  as such demonising , or uplifting one over another just skews reality . 
   i do n't believe we 'll have true wealth equality until production of everyday goods has become largely automated and very cheap . 
  absolutely , we already have the capability to automate a great deal , the mere reason why it is n't set in place is due to profit margins . 
  this requires a radical shift in mentality in the entire population , that is achieved through education and spreading of awareness , not throwing your hands up and yelling how the end is nigh . 
   my ancestors were better at killing , plain and simple . 
  ftfy  i 'm sorry , i did n't know you needed sourcable material to know that wahhabism is a revivalist movement , i kind of thought that was common knowledge . 
  it was founded because muhammad ibn abdul-wahhab was upset with the idolatry ( something that the prophet did n't like at all ) that had become common in the region , and he wanted to bring islam back to its roots . 
  yet again , no , source me this phrase :  just look at the way mohammad lived his life and tell me i 'm wrong . 
  he would have fit right in with isis . 
   do you know what the difference is ? 
  africans , europeans , asians , were all playing by the same rules when that accumulation of wealth happened . 
  might was right . 
  i know very well by what rules the world plays , does not make them in any way less wrong . 
  people like to sit on their hands and proclaim how nothing will change and we are all doomed , remaining blind to the fact that it 's us , the system is us , we carry it , we empower it , we defend it , instead of leaving our petty differences aside and focusing on the real threat to our species , insurmountable greed and egoism , we keep infighting among each other . 
  common people vs common people and you just join this tragic comedy in order to enable it to continue further . 
  nothing just happens , everything starts somewhere , rome was n't built in a day and you sure as hell can not expect global changes to come into effect within years , decades , even generations , especially when everyone is stuck in this defeatist mentality . 
   the accumulation of wealth in the west happened because our ancestors were strong , but they were also smarter and more capable . 
  they deserved everything they took , and i do n't have any duty to `` fix it '' . 
  the western world is responsible for the idea of modern human rights , retroactively applying these ideals to colonial powers is ridiculous . 
  no it 's not , if you sit on the balcony exclaiming that was what you achieved , you need to be willing to accept the cost of it too , all the bodies erected upon . 
  the romans were stronger than all of europe , yet they crumbled and failed . 
  the germans nazis were `` stronger '' than the jews , yet are regarded now quite differently . 
  you are romanticising plain and simple brutality , or violence as a noble cause to aspire to . 
  who knows how many einsteins , how many newtons , or how many da vincis have perish under this savage rule of blade . 
   so keep making stupid , snarky comments without pointing out exactly what you think i 'm wrong about . 
  i do n't , in fact i try to remain factually neutral , whereas it is you painting a very biased perception of the world , let alone the utter absence of any source-able material . 
  congratulations at being a hypocrite , the very core issue i addressed in my op . 
  i see your faculties of speech are no better than your intellectual development , here , what i state in my second post :  i 'm not trying to water down a very complex issue , tearing down every and any border at the moment would have a counterproductive effect even . 
  keep up interpreting and spinning written text your way , instead of reading and comprehending it , i 'm sure that wo n't lead to any misunderstandings in future . 
  furthermore the insults are the icing on the cake . 
   i disagree , no son is responsible for the actions of his father . 
  unless the son inherits the wealth his father accumulated with his actions . 
  while i agree with you on the general idea of that notion , it is not one to one applicable . 
  under no deeds of yourself did you earn to be born with running water and a safe society , just as little as you deserve to be judged by the actions of your ancestors .
