thats 5:45 to 23:00 utc by the way . 
  well , fuck you . 
  but yeah there 's a lot of religious people here , though in fairness the religion has been politicized because of ... well ... we all know why . 
  thats ok , we didnt want you anyway . 
  what other way would there be to word the question ? 
  it seems a fairly unloaded way to ask it which is good for a poll , i think . 
  well in all fairness the uk started this shit so the government dont really have a moral right to do that . 
  i would agree we 're missing out but not hugely , we do n't have a very large population and the initial cost of building one would be out of the republics reach . 
  i 'd sooner like to see a move to building tidal and wave energy . 
   the danger of nuclear power lays more in long term large scale habitat contamination which are words you could easily apply to oil rig and tanker spills . 
  the tall building in keilaniemi / k\u00e4geludden kinda looks like ps2 . 
  if you 're employed that is . 
  yeah but doing an ama on reddit is n't part of her job . 
  i would really like an answer on that as well . 
  the commission is the only thing i really do not like about the eu . 
  that said , the way you 've worded your question is kind of confrontational . 
  hills and rain , mate . 
  makes biking a chore . 
  i knew i was missing out on something after i posted this , thanks . 
  they still need to be sure where you are purchasing from to properly declare their vat , [ also swedens vat is 5 % higher than the uks so that is quite significant . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_value_added_tax#vat_rates ) steam does the same thing for their video games , for example : i ca n't use my uk credit card on my steam account unless i change my country of residence to the uk . 
  again , this is standard procedure and not at all illegal , you are overreacting . 
  in fact them doing what you want them to do would be illegal . 
  it 's not illegal at all it 's due to tax reasons , different countries in europe have different tax rates for things . 
  lots of online-only companies do this , it 's standard . 
  i 'm sorry but :  did you read the article or the actual directive ? 
  they are mentioned in the directive . 
  the bbc article is not going to list every piece of legislation in the directive as it relates to electronic cigarettes . 
  read my reply to / u/just __ aidan to see where i have problems with it . 
  furthermore whats wrong with more 24mg/ml of nicotene ? 
  are you a toxicologist ? 
  the upper limits for danger of ingesting nicotine are not clear , but believe me its much , much higher than 24mg/ml . 
  did you read the article or the actual directive ? 
  they are mentioned in the directive . 
  in the actual directive :  3 ) f ) electronic cigarettes deliver the nicotine doses consistently this is odd to me as it seems to be legislation better suited to a medicine , however havent many courts in the eu already thrown this idea out ? 
  why is the commission trying to pass legislation for a consumer product with medicine-type restrictions on use ? 
  this piece is also odd in that it would be almost impossible to properly enforce , akin to passing legislation stating that an electronic kettle must release a consistent amount of steam when boiling water . 
  furthermore it is completely devoid of any purpose , even in relation to tobacco products : when i smoked i sometimes took a long drag , sometimes a short drag , it is an unnecessary piece and one that tobacco products do not even have to adhere to , the ad-hoc method of the user determining the length of the `` drag '' on an electronic cigarette currently works fine with no need for restriction . 
  and lastly , many electronic cigarettes ( and the vast majority of the most popular ) provide a function to change the wattage or voltage output to the atomizer there by changing the amount of vapour produced  article 12 . 
  1 ) c ) refers to taste , smell , any flavourings or other additives or the absence thereof ; how on earth will i know what i am buying if i do not know what flavour the eliquid is ? 
  this is truly one of the most bizarre regulations relating to electronic cigarettes and seems to be useful only to tobacco itself , not the electronic kind !, 
  i also find the entirety of paragraph 5 ( 5 . 
  member states shall ensure that : a ) commercial communications with the aim or direct or indirect effect of promoting electronic cigarettes and refill containers are prohibited etc. ), 
  to be completely unnecessary and a total overreaction . 
  when electronic cigarettes are present a less harmful means of using nicotine , is it prudent to allow discussion and promotion of this product ? 
  certainly adverts and discussion have no place on children 's television or child-orientated websites etc , but a total ban seems to be counter-productive to harm-reduction potential . 
  furthermore it seems to be unfairly weighted against electronic cigarettes when substances which can cause great harm ( ie , alcohol ! ), 
  can be freely advertised on television , radio and the internet to adults . 
  finally part 11 ) is odd in that makes reference to a refill mechanism . 
  why is one needed exactly ? 
  when we have needle-nosed bottles already available and if one spills an amount of eliquid on their hands it is very easy to wash off with water , water alone is capable of removing it from the skin . 
  this really does seem like the comission has imagined a problem that does not exist , even if some of the liquid spilled on your skin the limits proposed by the commission on the concentration and volume of tanks and cartridges would not be even close to dangerous let alone lethal . 
  in the actual directive :  3 ) f ) electronic cigarettes deliver the nicotine doses consistently this is odd to me as it seems to be legislation better suited to a medicine , however havent many courts in the eu already thrown this idea out ? 
  why is the commission trying to pass legislation for a consumer product with medicine-type restrictions on use ? 
  this piece is also odd in that it would be almost impossible to properly enforce , akin to passing legislation stating that an electronic kettle must release a consistent amount of steam when boiling water . 
  furthermore it is completely devoid of any purpose , even in relation to tobacco products : when i smoked i sometimes took a long drag , sometimes a short drag , it is an unnecessary piece and one that tobacco products do not even have to adhere to , the ad-hoc method of the user determining the length of the `` drag '' on an electronic cigarette currently works fine with no need for restriction . 
  and lastly , many electronic cigarettes ( and the vast majority of the most popular ) provide a function to change the wattage or voltage output to the atomizer there by changing the amount of vapour produced  article 12 . 
  1 ) c ) refers to taste , smell , any flavourings or other additives or the absence thereof ; how on earth will i know what i am buying if i do not know what flavour the eliquid is ? 
  this is truly one of the most bizarre regulations relating to electronic cigarettes and seems to be useful only to tobacco itself , not the electronic kind !, 
  i also find the entirety of paragraph 5 ( 5 . 
  member states shall ensure that : a ) commercial communications with the aim or direct or indirect effect of promoting electronic cigarettes and refill containers are prohibited etc. ), 
  to be completely unnecessary and a total overreaction . 
  when electronic cigarettes are present a less harmful means of using nicotine , is it prudent to allow discussion and promotion of this product ? 
  certainly adverts and discussion have no place on children 's television or child-orientated websites etc , but a total ban seems to be counter-productive to harm-reduction potential . 
  furthermore it seems to be unfairly weighted against electronic cigarettes when substances which can cause great harm ( ie , alcohol ! ), 
  can be freely advertised on television , radio and the internet to adults . 
  finally part 11 ) is odd in that makes reference to a refill mechanism . 
  why is one needed exactly ? 
  when we have needle-nosed bottles already available and if one spills an amount of eliquid on their hands it is very easy to wash off with water , water alone is capable of removing it from the skin . 
  this really does seem like the comission has imagined a problem that does not exist , even if some of the liquid spilled on your skin the limits proposed by the commission on the concentration and volume of tanks and cartridges would not be even close to dangerous let alone lethal . 
  the legislation for electronic cigarettes is ridiculous . 
  it looked like the shots came from inside the building , thats weird . 
  this may have been true in the beginning and for a long time but you and i both know that northern ireland has been able to hold a referendum since the good friday agreement . 
  furthermore all or most of the shit that went down most likely happened before you where born , unless you 're in your 80s and if you 're not from northern ireland then the troubles would n't even have affected you , so i 'm not really sure what basis you have for calling the british cunts . 
  we also beat wales 26-3 in the six nations , do n't forget about that !, 
  this seems so unnecessarily dangerous to me . 
  the shop owners are pretty irresponsible in letting them all stampede in there . 
  they 're all just there for one product , no earthly reason why they could n't just make them all line up and let a set number in at a time . 
  fairly good news . 
  but it will be a long road to recovery and may never be like it was in the good ole days . 
  i think they do get social welfare benefits , do n't think it would be the full adult amount , though i 'm not sure . 
  this kind of thing happened to every other nation in western europe , itll slow down eventually . 
  they just need to make it more difficult for people to take advantage of the system in this way . 
  i 'm on mobile atm , can somone give me a tldr ? 
  i 'm all for free trade between the us and eu , that is a friendly and profitable relationship . 
  the us spying on what i do , or any other nation other than my own spying on me is so wrong it boils my blood raw . 
  til ireland is europes fourth largest supplier of weapon firing eqpt . 
  whatever weapon firing eqpt . 
  whats worse is when they bag it and then just throw it into a hedge , totally defeats the purpose . 
  nice , we need more of these waste to energy plants in europe . 
  the technology has advanced to the stage where emissions are incredibly low but unfortunately there is still much stigma surrounding them , being labeled as `` incinerators '' and such . 
  yes exactly , when youre penniless and cant go out to socialise , you figure out who your real friends are pretty quick . 
  so ... til this is a thing . 
  bizarre , quirky hilarious throw back to a simpler time . 
  i feel a strange sense of pity towards the fleas , i mean i understand that they probably are n't even consciously aware of their own existence and i wouldnt hesitate to use every legal biological and chemical weapon at my disposal to kill them if they invaded my home or person , but there is something , probably the exploitative nature of circuses , that tugs at me a little bit . 
  op , you made feel feelings i did n't know i had and introduced to me to the most bizarre thing i 've seen or heard of in a while , thank you . 
  thats , uh , awfully high and mighty talk about water quality for someone apparently listed as being from china . 
  also notice that ireland and the uk are near the top and they have some of the longest coastlines in europe . 
  we also have tax exemption for earnings under $ 320,000 . 
  do n't know what the rest have in this regard though , dont worry we 're still a giant corporate tax loophole of a country .
