  but the polluted air does n't stop for a border check . 
  this makes it so much difficult to enact action . 
  you need an international cooperation . 
  why would a worker with a kid in college and another in high-school worry about it enough to vote it above other issues ? 
   the odds of anything happening to you specifically is minuscule , and of it happening to someone you , still tiny . 
  but it happens . 
  it 's also so violent and sudden and unjustified that people are rightfully afraid of it . 
  it also goes beyond the purely statistical data . 
  it 's a message , it 's a situation that inspires fear . 
  you ca n't just treat it like the loto and say there is 0.000001 % of it happening to me , whatever . 
  climate change you can somehow control or at least learn to live with . 
  you can predict a flood ( if you live in a dangerous area ) you can take precautions against a very warm summer ... 
  terrorism just happens , and you die or you lose people close to you . 
  the fear is completely justified in my opinion . 
  why would the average individual care about environnement enough to put it above fundamental things like unemployment . 
  it is something so global that no eu country has any sort of important impact on , and for a single person it just seems too big . 
  i 'm recycling , i 'm taking friends in my car to go to work . 
  ca n't do more than that . 
  also any impacts on the environment is so subtle and so spread over time that the indivdual doesnt care . 
  winters are warmer , the air we breathes is slightly more polluted : big deal . 
  meanwhile i 'm unemployed and struggle to live . 
  it 's all relative, 
  i believe the state should help education . 
  it should however pay the tuition + some extra for furniture and maybe transport . 
  not a dime more . 
  it also should require at least some proof of presence and work ( not just i showed up on day one ) . 
  right now the system is very indiscriminate . 
  if you 're at grande ecole or a public university you 're entitled to the same amount , no matter how much you actually need . 
  not necessarily wrong though . 
  i know people who get thousands of euros in pocket money for superior education when they are `` attending '' a public university in which there is no tuition , only a entry fee of a couple hundred euros . 
  there are a lot of ways to live well from benefits provided you 're in the appropriate situation and know your rights . 
  or he could have voted blank . 
  he 's not abstinent but still voices his disagreement with whatever is proposed . 
  you mean every day between wednesday and saturday . 
  cheques are used a lot for school stuff ( pay for a school trip ) paying your sport license , stuff like that . 
  i agree that old people do that at stores , creating a lot of waiting time , which is annoying . 
  but otherwise cheques are pretty useful . 
  i once heard someone say that accent and pronunciation are n't important ( at first ) when learning a language . 
  i tend to agree with that . 
  it does n't matter that the teacher ca n't say the word like a native ( it 's actually normal ) . 
  the problem is that people are n't bothered to learn some basic grammatical principles and some basic vocabulary . 
  either that or the way english is taught is n't good ( which is not true since students who are serious in their studies in general have always been decent at speaking english , in my experience ) . 
  does it ? 
  while the best teams are asian , the real money has always been and most likely always be in na and europe . 
  the difference is f1 needs the star drivers and organisations more than they need it . 
  i 'm sorry but the size of one 's bicep means absolutely nothing . 
  there so much more to physical condition than `` being buff '' . 
  to play along with the conversation , i see no reason why you ca n't smoke for a second between rounds in csgo . 
  what worries me with esports is the fact that contrarily to other sports , each game is owned by a certain company . 
  this means that a company like riot games can do whatever they want , have all the power when it comes to league of legends . 
  they can keep an exclusive control over competition and events . 
  players and organization have very little negotiating power and are essentialy forced to follow the will of riot games . 
  furthermore , riot games 's behaviour is worrying . 
  forcing name changes ( some of the names are n't even offensive ) , the `` forced buyouts '' project , the completely random benchmarks for banning players ( there can be huge discrepancy from case to case , and also `` justice '' being done by a single individual is a joke concept ) i hope that formal acknowledgment of esports by governments will help all parties , and make the industry more transparent . 
  as a bulgarian i felt the same way when i spend some time in korea . 
  they have this [ rice beverage ] ( http://www.pikeletandpie.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/nostalgiat.jpg ) that everybody loves , probably because they have been drinking it forever . 
  it found it terrible and never tried it again . 
   you would probably get a similar feeling if you went to a gun store in alabama , got a colt and a few free boxes of ammo without even showing your id . 
  is this true ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  prague is gorgeous , plenty of stuff to do . 
  yes it 's filled with tourists but that 's because it 's worth it . 
  i can understand why a native of the country might be indifferent towards it . 
  while i agree with you , it 's a decent place if you 're looking to drink , party . 
  different needs and tastes . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  poland and germany are in the minority not in the majority . 
  by the way the purple ( dps ) coincides with concentration of population of turkish origin . 
  it 's not true . 
  i have never hear of someone being prevented to eat the meal he brought . 
  the things is no one does it . 
  it 's not a common thing . 
  people either eat at the cafteria because it 's affordable and it 's generally very good ( i 've eaten at a lot of different one and never had complaints ) or they eat at home . 
  in high school or uni you can also go eat outside ( fastfood , etc. . . ) bringing food is just very rare . 
  i actually fail to see the controversy with the dissection . 
  the only problem could be the decision to put down the animal because there is n't enough place . 
  with more effort he could have been transferred somewhere else . 
  the meat is used to feed other animals . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  it happens every day in the wild . 
  it helps to dispose of some parts of the body in the most natural way possible . 
  it 's surprising there are n't more instances like this . 
  i just hope it was a legitimate accident and not a `` warning shot '' . 
  i probably was n't clear . 
  the cafeteria is optional . 
  no one is forcing you to go . 
  you either eat at the cafeteria , you go home for lunch , you bring your lunch ... you 're free to do whatever you like . 
  no one is forcing people to eat . 
  the menus are designed by dieteticians fully aware of the need of kids and young adults and the possible constraints . 
  there are alternative offered and if you do n't eat meat , you get extra vegies for example . 
  in a school i went , there was always a small quantity of fish cooked in days where the main dish was pork . 
  there are plenty of alternative . 
  meals are n't free . 
  you pay for the cafeteria as an option . 
  you 're free to come back home for lunch , or go eat outside if you 're in highschool . 
  you can pull of pretty much anything if you 're build right , attractive and confident . 
  i do n't know if i should be offended or happy . 
  or he 's a romanian who lives in germany and came home for summer . 
  plenty of cases like this in bulgaria . 
  you have every right to destroy yourself indeed .
