most of them are though . 
  i do n't complain , they are cheap and drivers are usually cool and there are n't many risks if you use the major companies ( at least i have n't experienced any shady behaviours ), 
  also there is a boat named after in in gta iv . 
  care to explain why ? 
  these are just two stats that should not be analyzed together . 
  people do n't care if you abort and also do n't care if you use contraceptives . 
  what 's depressing with ours ? 
  snow is something i really miss since i left bulgaria , a snowy sofia with vitosha in the background is a beautiful sight for me . 
  that 's what happens when you 're a rich ass country and spend more on military than the rest of the world . 
  can someone explain me why occitan is so widely pictured on such maps . 
  i lived 2 years in that region and never heard the word formatge nor have i seen it written , compared to for example the basque region in northern spain where signs are in the basque language and is de facto the main language . 
  `` nasran '' someone that shit himself . 
  it 's the closest to the polish one . 
  while the word is similar , the product is not . 
  bulgarian compot is large pieces of fruit in sugary water . 
  [ for example ] ( http://labulgaru.com/image/cache/data/stokaa%20020-500x500.jpg ) that compot , just like the french one is mashed/mixed ( ca n't find the right word ) fruits . 
  it 's been like this since i can remember . 
  it works perfectly fine , absolutely no reason to change it . 
  on the entry for the underpassage . 
  france is red . 
  french guiana is yellow . 
  in bulgaria you can live with that . 
  very frugally but you can live . 
  mostly thanks to the high home ownership rates . 
  why do people do n't vote ? 
  we do n't really know . 
  one thing that is sure is that not all 100 % of non voters are not happy with the options . 
  some are lazy , others do n't have time others do n't give a shit . 
  by voting blank you 're pointing out that you do n't support any particular candidate and are even angry with the options . 
  the only problem would be people voting blank out of spite . 
  that doest change a lot though considering those people would n't have voted anyway . 
  and we can hope if this system is permanent that with years it will become , in people minds , a duty rather that a right , and those non motivated votes would be less and less . 
  at the end it 's a matter of duty vs right . 
  it 's true that it does n't change a lot in the end , but in my opinion voting is important , any citizen of the country should participate in elections and enforce the democratic principle . 
  it 's a matter of view . 
  is voting a right or a duty ( such as taxes for examples ) ? 
  i support this practice . 
  every citizen should have a say in the country affairs , even if that say is neutral ( blank vote ) . 
   so long as the ballot is secret , you 're not obliged to vote . 
  just attend and have your name ticked off . 
  it 's called blank vote . 
  you 're still exercing one of the most fundamentals principles of democracy without supporting anyone . 
  food can be named weirdly . 
  a buffet in bulgaria is called swedish table . 
  no idea why . 
  south korea too . 
  sometimes there are n't other solutions . 
  the issue may also be time sensitive . 
  20 % is better than 0 % . 
  that is of course if there is n't an ulterior motive . 
  probably commutes and shit you have to do on your free time ( clean up , clean youself up ... ), 
  for a lot of people enjoyment and health is n't even in the top 5 for job motivation . 
  you 're overthinking it . 
  i know bozhidars and their parents and they are normal people , not even overly religious . 
  it 's just a name . 
  i actually live in france at the moment . 
  you 're not naive . 
  it 's a good thing you don ' t worry . 
  a lot of people do though , myself included . 
  i probably do n't explain myself well enough . 
  i 'm fully aware what can happen . 
  i 'm not arguing against it and i 'm not arguing against its severity . 
  the topic is a survey done with european citizens . 
  your initial comment states it 's sad how low climate is . 
  i 'm merely trying to understand and write down why people how voted they way they are . 
  not why they are wrong or right . 
  i 'll be honest with you . 
  i 'm a young graduate looking for a job . 
  my mother is working and my father is unemployed . 
  so far we 're holding on but money reserves are going down . 
  i 'm currently working a minimum wage job under my qualifications . 
  i 'm infinitely more worried about my future and the difficulties i 've encountered trying to find a job one can settle in , i 'm worried about the revenue my parents will receive during their retirement ( they had a peculiar carreer path ) . 
  i 'm also worried , in a slightly lesser scale , about the crime that can happen due to a wave of immigrants ( i 've already suffered from petty crime , vehicle parts stolen ... 
  i do n't want that to increase ) . 
  every time someone i 'm close to or i go to a big city , to a concert , fly on a plane , in the back of my mind there is always the fear of an attack . 
  for all these reasons , whenever it 's time to vote , environment will not be among the deciding factors for my candidate or party of choice . 
  i will vote for the organisation or individual who can make a real change in my country , not the person who is disposed to sign a environmental treaty ( often times hardly enforceable , especially towards the biggest actors ) in the scenario in which the majority of the countries on earth agree . 
  environment is indeed a snowball and if not taken care of properly it will impact future generation and maybe even the younger ones today . 
  but it 's a negligible impact in the day-to-day life of an individual . 
  assuming the environment worsens but everything else remains the same . 
  i have my salary , i can buy myself the stuff i want , i live in comfort , my parents are taken care of . 
  what happens due to climate change ? 
  temperature climbs , pollution augments . 
  maybe life expectancy drops a couple of years due to increased breathing condition or whatever ( i 'm no scientist ) . 
  i can live with that . 
  i 'm okay with that . 
  it 's not a good thing , but for me and my parents and my maybe future kids , it 's the lesser evil . 
  that 's the way i feel people thought when they voted . 
  i feel like the us , russia and china can have a noticeable impact on climate , for better or worse . 
  you are thinking the way the head of a country would think , not the way an average person with day-to-day issues does ( the same person who voted in the survey ) . 
  terrorism brings the risk of death ( as small as it may be ) , immigration brings crime , more job market competition and maybe terrorism . 
  some people are also afraid that their country slowly starts loosing it 's cultural identity . 
  economic situation can worsen the job markets , wages : it can have an immense impact on people 's lives . 
  what does climate change do to a individual person ? 
  no snow in the winter , very hot summers . 
  for some people those are actually benefits . 
  appart for being environmentally consientious ( recycling , sharing cars , etc. . . ) what else can an individual do ? 
  not much . 
  also the climate issue does not have borders . 
  all the others can differ whether you 're in germany or france for example .
