   first of all contrary to popular opinion , the european banks which initially held most of the greek debt took a huge loss on this ordeal . 
  after how many months ? 
   additionally , why do you think any part of the debt is fictitious ? 
  about 40 % of what they owe to the troika since roughly 2010 ; that include any interests on repeatedly consolidated debts with additionnal new interests pilling up at every rounds . 
   `` real '' neoliberalism believes that the economy always returns to the natural employment , they are against goverment interventions since the economy will recover anyway what i 'm saying . 
  it 's more and more an excuse to steal the welfare money by excusing it with `` they do n't need it anyway because it 'll return to real employment anyway '' rather than anything else  the money used to `` rescue '' the economy is wasted and missing somewhere else yeah like corporate welfare and giving money to the koch , waltons or lockheed by the trillions / s  reducing social welfare results in a higher natural employment the fact that france 's economy can give a run for it 's money to the usa despite still having very strong welfare scheme passed 50y ago , having little to no natural ressources and and 10 % of the us ' population is the very proof it 's a lie i think . 
   if the goverment would be allowed to print money another great excuse for open obstructionism . 
   if the goverment would be allowed to print money they would abuse it to have higher employment during election years and anyway , for the sake of the agreement let 's say it 's not just yet another hypocritic lie from millionaires ; in theory in a `` democracy '' ( coming from `` demos '' , people , and `` cratos '' , power ) ; maybe in theory at least the gov should do what people ask from it . 
  and if it 's getting paid instead of giving the money to banks , then maybe , maybe the gov should listen to at least some degree , if it is actually answerable to it 's population . 
   it could also result in high inflation . 
  the very proof that argument is ridiculous and a lie by omission , is that inflation exploded anyway since reagan ( housing going from 35 ' 000 under r to millions now ) , let alone education and healthcare ( not exactly `` secondary depenses '' in life . 
  ) ; and that despite extreme levels of neoliberalism in the us . 
  paid leave and unemployment is borderline history , there are n't 10 % of the us gov job there used to be during the cold war ; yet prices exploded anyway . 
   you are correct , the governments are banned from printing money ( for good reasons ) . 
  however giving money to private persons is not the purpose of the ecb , it is more efficient if other banks loan money to persons . 
  yet the legal assembly legally ban countries to do so . 
  and to go further , in greece 's case , the german element of the troika forced a systematic dismantling of most forms of welfare or scheme where the state would hand over wealth to it 's citizens . 
   new technologies also create new jobs . 
  10 engineers can drive a factory producing twice as many cars ford produced with 10 000 employees a good 100y ago . 
   cheaper money results in more investments , or , more realistically , the ceo does not recruit or pay more anyone , and just put the additionnal money in his next yearly multi million bonus . 
   higher employment results in higher wages . 
  yet we ban the government to create jobs which would be needed to maintain a certain competition level with companies . 
  companies that collude to lower wages . 
   money to the general public is not a monetary policy , it is not the job of the ecb . 
  national goverments can do this . 
  and again , they 're banned legally to print the money they 'd need to give to the population . 
  and neoliberalism is systematically dismantling any form of welfare . 
  the latest excuse being that `` pensions and unemployment too generous makes people lazy '' . 
  so you end up with horrors headlines like this one ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4vkh9z/120000_people_were_forced_by_uk_government_to/ ) where catastrophically large numbers of people are forced to work 30h for free every week to keep 10 % of what used to be the benefits decades ago once you account for the insane inflation ( yes old men , i know you used to work for 2 $ / hour . 
  but at the time houses costed like $ 15 ' 000 , not millions , and yearly school tuitions where like 50 $ and not 25 ' 000 . 
   this is not a monetary policy , this should be done by the national goverments and not by the ecb . 
  as far as i understand it , only the ecb is allowed to print & distribute money at the top level in europe . 
  governments are explicitely banned from printing money . 
  and of course germany controls de facto the ecb . 
   you are not talking about loans , you are talking about venture capital . 
  either or both . 
  you ca n't start a business without an initial sum of money or wealth or something ( if only to get the place to settle it ) . 
  that has to come from somwhere . 
   the wages will rise when there is a labor shortage which there will never be due to rampant automation , we all know it . 
  the alternative would be creating a large number of highly paid government jobs , but the neolibs will never let it happen again after the cold war because `` freemarket '' & `` privatization '' is the only words they know . 
   companys create jobs except nowadays company do n't `` create '' jobs . 
  the `` job creator '' myth is another lie on the level of the `` trickle down '' . 
   if the investment capital is cheap . 
  still again , another lie . 
  `` supply side ~ ~ jesus ~ ~ economics '' . 
  aka `` give more money to the billionaires and maybe we 'll create jobs ! '' . 
  except it never happends . 
  ( pacte de responsabilit\u00e9 in france anyone ? ) . 
   the ecb is pumping way too much money into the market , without achieving anything . 
  and that 's the problem : they 're pumping money in the financial market . 
  not in the population strata . 
  it 's money that reach the financial systems , banks and hedge funds and the stock market and some big corpos , and it stays there . 
  ceos of big companies and funds get richer , but everyone in the general population gets poorer . 
  historically it was compensed by cheap housing , free healthcare and welfare ( retirement , unemployment , etc ) and high wages getting distributed . 
  but all of this stopped or is on the way of stopping nowadays ( housing costing millions , privatized for profit healthcare and hospitals costing a damn kidney , wages crashing , sabotage of minimal wage , paid leave abolished in america , dismantlement of even food stamps , schools costing $ 30 ' 000 + a year , ... ) , all commercial prices rising for profit , etc etc ) in western europe and north america . 
  so most people just get a lot poorer . 
   the money reached the consumer years ago when the debt incured . 
  except it did n't really because we only drove people to poverty , greek employees are largely left unpaid , and it 's quite showing in the greek example . 
  by now , they 're poorer than some african countries . 
  maybe a third of their country has no income of any kind . 
  and the way i see it , banks are simply stealing welfare ( ie food & housing money ) of the entire country for their own benefits in the name of fictive `` debts '' . 
  so all those billions given to greek banks obviously never reached the general population because if they had any money they 'd spend it on keeping a roof , food & utilities first . 
  which the ca n't : http://money.cnn.com/2015/07/12/news/economy/greece-crisis-homeless/, 
   you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  of course there is money that wo n't be lent out , there are reserve requirements established by the central bank to limit inflation and to provide a modicum of security and trust for the deposits on hand at these banks . 
  no , i 'm talking about the systemic problem where ( in western countries ) the money is never lent lower than corporations , that does n't pay a living wage anymore either so de facto the money simply does not reach the consummer strata despite all the `` trickle down '' lies . 
   are you saying that a capitalistic society is flawed because banks do n't want to float $ 1m commercial loans to people with high credit risk and 0 collateral ? 
  at that point , yes it is . 
  because if you ca n't start climbing the social ladder without ( to reuse trump 's words ) `` a small million dollar loan '' ( sic ) , then there is no climbing for anyone . 
  especially when your entire population or nearly is `` high risk no collateral '' because wages are crashing and housing prices means you ca n't even buy a house anymore in a lot of places . 
   banks are financial institutions not charities . 
  and there you got your second problem . 
  what should be governmental institution ( or at the very least exposed to the competition of loans offered by governmental banks to various levels of society ) and national policy , is instead private groups more busy turning up a profit for themselves than running up the economy , to the point where entire country will start sinking with all hands ( greece , spain , portugal , italy ... ) and millions will drown . 
  if at least the governmental banks could loan money at a consumer level to allow them for example to start companies , the problem would n't be half as bad as if there is only `` for profit '' banks that will only act when it makes the bank owner 's some quick money and let the economy starve otherwise . 
  you ca n't run an entire western countries on the speculation that some unknown high risk angel investor will fund all the needed seed money to startups and companies ( ie win a lottery ) , because the gov is more busy turning up a profit for banking officials and banks refuse to do it while stashing bailouts and qe by the boatload . 
  that 's simply corruption . 
  so you got the ecb that donates a ton of money to banks that buys gov bonds and make only low risk loans to the richest and sit on the rest ; companies never get created , consumer never have any serious income nor any seed loans , corporations stop selling for lack of demand money , which means they crash and pay even less people . 
  well it does n't and that 's why western countries economy is slowly starving itself since the last generation . 
   the purpose of most banks is to lend money to consumers and the problem is that , as greece found out , you ca n't eat on loans . 
  because you have to pay them back , and if you took that loan because you did n't had the money in the first place . 
  and now you owe both the loan and the interests . 
  and occidental banks do n't loan eithers to people to create companies unless they 're already rich or there is somebody else rich risking their neck as a collateral . 
  which is a problem too . 
  because if you were already rich you likely would n't need such a loan in the first place . 
   the purpose of most banks is to lend money to consumers so as it stand , the only actual purpose of private finance as of late , is for finance & banks to make themselves richer . 
  but , no , the money do n't actually reach the consumers . \u00b2 and that 's a problem in a capitalistic economy , because when you have no money in the consumers hand you have no consumption . 
  and that kills the economy . 
  of course the ecb * could * hand over money directly to the end consumer ( `` helicopter money '' ) . 
  but they 'd rather hand over trillions to banks as `` quantitative easing '' still hoping ( since 1970 ) that some of it might , one day , if the moon and wind is just right , `` trickle down '' in some consumer 's hand / s, 
  and yet none of those vasts sums of money ever reach the consumer ( ie general public ) . 
  it 's even worse with greece where all the money in the country at the consumer strata ( formerly pensions , retirement , healthcare , unemployment , housing help , all the poverty programs like ekas , ... ) is seized and sent toward banks and finance in the name of debts . 
  you can find work for that many people yet you refuse to pay them ? 
  i hope they 'll be forced to pay retroactively minimal wage + interests to all the victims . 
   dwp officials argued that revealing their identities would `` hurt their commercial interests '' because protesters might boycott them , oh well ca n't punish or even name criminals because it would upset them and because nobody would want to buy products built upon forced unpaid work ( ie slavery ) , surprize , alright / s ( and for the record , `` minimal wage '' meant `` society agreed that paying people less than that would mean ppl would n't be able to buy enough food and keep a roof above their head while working year long . 
  so we made paying less illegal '' . 
  it 's a minimum , not a maximum . ), 
   they borrowed and spent like sailors half their debts where due to their officials being bribed to spend like that . 
  this is plain old greed . 
  and not greece 's . 
   they 're still playing casino with pensions no they 're not , what used to be the pension money is largely going to the creditors for `` debts '' .
