  absolutely , simply unacceptable . 
   want to cut down 40 % of the cost of diagnostic tests . 
  reality does n't work that way . 
  you ca n't decide to abolish 40 % of medical treatment and hope it just work somehow while it 's already nearly not working . 
  what if we cutted 40 % of the creditors ' decision makers ' personnal income for a change ? 
  pegida are led by [ litteral outright nazis ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/21/pegida-leader-styled-adolf-hitler-lutz-bachmann-german-islamist-terrorists-facebook ) . 
  of course they do n't like journalists . 
   and this means lower pricing . 
  ahhh i see where that 's going . 
  lower pricing which is then used as an excuse to hypocritically lower wages , which is highly illegal if you are an employee under contract in france . 
  so uber used illegally the contractor statut ( something they got nailed upon repeatedly ) to just make do without the whole working laws and fucked over their de facto employees more than usual . 
   it 's a new business model but good old capitalism . 
  well it looks more like they found a loophole to try and maximize their profits at the expense of their drivers . 
  i 'd * almost * side with them and suggest forcing uber 's hand to give them a rise ( which looking at uber 's record profits they can in fact afford ) if they were n't so annoying on the highway haha, 
  so , what are they asking for specifically ? 
  what are their demands ? 
   new gov is trying to break constitutional tribunal . 
  that 's certainly something worrying, 
  we 're not `` importating '' , they 're coming in any way . 
  so we can either : 1 \u00b0 ) try to control the flow , separate the trouble makers and kick them out , turn back a % age of them , teach the rest our laws , enforce them and force integration one way or another ( you shall be assimilated ! ), 
  2 \u00b0 ) having the same flow coming in illegally regardless , kill large amount of people at our border and see them coming in either way , and have no control over it . 
  see also the mexicans that cross the death valley ( which really deserves it 's name ) on foot with nothing , despite military patrols and crazy locals shooting at them . 
   who actually need to be taught to not rape women ? 
  there are the same kind of `` reminder '' courses for the policemen and army , so it 's not just immigrants . 
  but obviously people see what they want too . 
  it 's `` merely '' a crash course on 20 years of education most locals got as a kid but like to forget about . 
  edit : altho to list some current sticky problematic points : - identifying problem maker groups , better tracking of individuals ( fingerprinting and immigrant id papers for anything important , those being associated to your fp , is part of the solution ) - refusing and enforcing controls against benefits shopping . 
  ffs countries like poland and austria , france or belgium are extremely respectable places to live in , sorry . 
  if you do n't like the food we might try finding better food but no you are n't getting a ticket to germany . 
  and if you do try to get benefits in germany anyway you get found out when showing your id or trying to get a new one for assistance , because your fp are already registered and matched ) - finding new ways to promote ( or , in some case , force ) integrations in the new culture . 
  - we might have to speed up deportations of purely economic migrants , trouble makers - better enforcing the law among problem groups and areas , and finding out ways to deal betters with problem neighborhoods ( we 're looking for solutions ) - finding solutions for our population aging / lack of replacement problem ( ongoing ) - finding reasonable/appliable ways to reduce the flow at our border , without causing a massacre - finding more cash to entice turkey towards more cooperation - better information of pre migrants , that no in europe you wo n't get a free car and free 200m \u00b2 house and free domestics to serve you . 
  that 's lies invented by people smugglers . 
  do n't sell your house and car because you 're going to get disappointed when you only get an hotel room and a hundred euros for food and heating in europe ( which does n't get you far here ) . 
  it 's definitely a social issue we will have to address sooner rather than later . 
  it likely involves : - more tax on specific groups and individual and rich corporations - more than anything , crack down on evasion and actually start to collect tax on the largely evading big corporate system . 
  most of the money is in big corporate pockets , and they all fraud ( `` evade '' ) all the taxes . 
  if we ca n't enforce our own tax code , we are screwed . 
  - in the most abusive oligarchic cases , seizing all the billions on swiss accounts and redistributating one way or another ( e.g : in state budgets ) might be needed too . 
  wayy too much money is staying out of the general population 's economy . 
  if they ca n't play ball by paying their taxes or employees a fair wage , we will have to redistribute all that dormant money or all the money that only circulate from one billionaire to another . 
  well such programs can not hurt imho . 
  excellent call for all the countries involved . 
  now to make it mandatory for any migrants or risky group ... ( it also allow the gov a vantage point to keep an eye out for potential problem makers . ), 
   cameron will get a few breadcrumbs from the eu i 'm assuming he will get more than breadcrumbs . 
  based on his recent letter , i would n't be surprized if he actually gets half his demands . 
  but that also mean he wo n't get the other half and that both sides will need to compromise . 
  and i do n't know if that 's enough . 
  it 's almost as if they learned letting their boss fix any wage ( or lack of thereof ) they want unilaterraly without any stopblock and having no legal minimum wage thanks to the glorious free market was a bad thing . 
  i guess they learned from last time : this time they are blocking highways in paris and not calais , that should make the uk and drivers happier haha ... 
   like some professors said , it should be seen as purely humanitarian not as a solution to get working people so we can assume that all of them will just drain resources . 
  true , but putting to work ( with incentives , carrot & stick : / ) as much of them as possible to fill in the crack of the european economy ( jobs nobody want currently ) would help lessen the less controled parts of the crisis currently . 
  it 's not a solution ( part of the problem lay in syria/libya ) , but it 's a stop gap we should n't ignore . 
   will also fun to see if merkel has to eat her words at some point when she said that `` germany will never close it 's borders '' if you really want to gloat and be smug , technically she already did : x, 
  well it was admittedly in turkish space for 17 seconds from most commonly aknowledged sources . 
  the questions ** whether that justified a shoot down ** ( i suspect no , since the russian plane was already out or leaving by then i believe ? 
  ) , whether it the plane entered by accident and whether the pilot heard the turkish radio coms or not ( and why ? 
  accident ? 
  radio on the wrong freqs ? ), 
  still do stand . 
  and it 's also highly possible the black box was damaged by the destruction of the plane . 
  stop saying `` us of europe '' , it 's like saying `` the confederacy of america '' t _ that makes me cringe , sorry usa . 
  it 's either the european union , or europe , or europa ( like in http://www.europa.eu ) . 
   let 's talk about social benefits , to be on the dole for example ... 
  if there was an european common pool for social benefits , where it would n't matter in which eu country you live we will need to finish rebuilding eastern europe and make their country more attractive in order to level income and lifestyle costs to do that . 
  and keeping the largescale crackdown on corruption working to ensure corrupt state officials do n't steal all the eu welfare in eastern europe either ( because a lot of corrupt romanian or hungarian officials would love nothing more than direct access to eu bank accounts ) . 
  but i would support it once that much is done . 
  but it 'll take at least 15/20 more year . 
  ca n't be done right now . 
   here lies the issue , would people be willing to lose their own nationality in order to be european only ?!, 
  no issue  a nice eu id card/passeport would totally fit the bill . 
  altho i 'm pretty sure the uk would refuse it for their part and asks for either an opt out or leave it . 
   this is normally a criticism between northern vs. southern countries , `` i 'm dutch and i work hard !, 
  those greeks do n't want to work , i do n't want to pay for them to be lying on the beach ! '' . 
  those people will always find `` foreigners not in my social group '' to blame regardless of the reality . 
  even if it 's a neighbor next door . 
  even if they knew on an intellectual basis that greeeks work 60h/week for 600 $ , they 'd find a way to blame the greeks or italians or spaniards or `` dem isis muslims browns '' or `` the lazy anarchist youth that could just get a job '' for their dutch wage `` only '' the double . 
  it also mean we well need to cut down on the `` let 's blame that group '' attitude that the media love to relay . 
  no all social issues are n't caused by dem muslims taking-your-jerbs . 
  it 's also because your boss ( who actually has all the money in the corporation ) do n't want to pay you more because he would rather offer himself yet another tv set or car . 
   the question should be , `` looking 200 years from now , what do we really want for ourselves and for the future ? '' . 
  exactly . 
   would europe as a whole be better of as a single country , aka federation ? 
  at my own level , i definitely think so, 
   ukraine has enough currency reserves to pay it back , but refuses for obvious reasons ( occupation of crimea by russia and their support for separatists in donbas ) . 
  yes and no . 
  the writing is on the wall that they 'll soon bankrupt or will have to suspend something major like healthcare or retirement which is n't possible . 
  better cut some slack before they hit the wall and end up like greece . 
  so they take a page from russia in the 90 and do a partial default ( like russia did ) to restart on a healthier economic basis . 
  why did the default happen on russia ? 
  ironically , it 's not really russophobia , but also an investor trust thing : that way they can pretend something along the lines of `` we defaulted on russia because we are at war with them . 
  we are n't at war on other investors so we wo n't default like that on them so you can trust us '' . 
  clever . 
  after `` boire ou conduire il faut choisir '' ( drink or drive , pick one ) we should put the same type of ad in france haha, 
  there is that issue where the increase of immigration could in the end bring more people than we can socially handle . 
  you ca n't decide to ignore any social problem and not do anything about anything because there 's a remote chance some guy might become corrupt then might escape fraud inquiries . 
  they 're in libya . 
  and lots of refugees fled daesh controled areas in syria . 
   it is amazing how often you hear let 's send them back and you end up in a plane that is not allowed to land and/or in the end flies home with all the `` unwanted '' . 
  1 \u00b0 ) we have agreements with a lot of countries to ensure that does n't happen 2 \u00b0 ) for those that send us people without reasons and refuse taking them back ; we can always suspend all their visa and refuse any and every single one of them . 
   even germans before the war tried to deport thousands jewish germans over the border to poland , oh come on .
