  isis in stolen turkish police uniforms prevented ambulances from reaching the site and tried to kill systematically survivors . 
  that does n't exactly look well . 
  pkk still do n't really answer . 
  yps ( turkish hotheads ) disobey order and kills 2 cops in their rage . 
  pkk take the blame for them for internal reasons . 
  turkey immediately do like 100 air strikes on qandil in 3 days , and keep at a similar rate the bombings for weeks . 
  - bombing attack in ankara , press says by isis . 
  for a moment i thought 200 kg of tnt borrowed beneath the concrete of the freshly rebuilt road exploded just on demirtas which incidently happen to be the leader of the pro kurd opposition ; but maybe i 'm wrong since he somehow survived it even if a bit traumatized - random shelling keep happening on kurdish position from a northern direction . 
  - rumors pretend daesh injured soldiers in syria are picked up by turkish patrols , brought in turkish hospitals , rearmed and sent back in syria . 
  but fine let 's admit it never happened either . 
  - june 2015 . 
  kobane is weeeeeellll within kurdish territory on all sides , nothing visible in the desert for miles around . 
  suddenly hundreds of daeshis from suicide squads appear north of the town without warning . 
  turkish cameras all suddenly malfunction in the border crossing . 
  another multi tons svbid the size of a truck appear out of nowhere north of town and take an entire city block along . 
  hundreds of civilians dies . 
  turkish press is nearly cheering . 
  - turkish army presence explode in southern turkey , rumors they shoot civilians . 
  yps snaps , and start shooting back . 
  pkk still holding back 90 % of it 's forces . 
  - more random shelling from the northern side of the border on kurdish positions , especially in tel abyad - daesh is beaten back south of tel abyad , and near sarrin , then attempt another massacre in hasakah but is finally driven back . 
  - turkish military `` accidentally cross '' in rojava multiple times to `` securise the building of the border wall '' . 
  they must have used the same kind of gps russians used in ukraine i guess . 
  still no answer . 
  - fsa get hijacked again idlib/aleppo by nusra/arhar islamists . 
  - more `` accidental crossings '' of * hundreds * of turkish soldiers near qamishlo , pretty obviously hopping to draw fire in to play `` victims of the evil pkk '' . 
  - did i told you about the random shelling already that still happen ? 
  - the islamists in northern syria get more hardcore , start randomly shelling sheik maksoud & then afrin . 
  coincidentally around times of suspected ammo delivery from unknown foreign sponsors . 
  - we westerners got fuckin tired with the islamists , withdrawal of support for a big part of the fsa . 
  russians intensify their air campaign . 
  the tiger forces link up with kwereis surrounded by isis - turkey blows up a russian plane - daesh keep using tishreen and west euphrates as a staging ground to harass ypg with ridiculous amounts of ammunition somehow smuggled by jarabulus - the islamists are getting spanked by saa+r ussians - more gratuitous death threats for turkey to the kurds in syria that still never even touched them . 
  - turkish-backed islamists shell some more afrin . 
  russia meanwhile offer generously support , and even do their best to avoid antagonizing the us !, 
  that 's starting to pill up . 
  and the ypg still has n't touched an hair of turkey . 
  seriously , what was turkey expecting there ? 
  that the kurds would bend backward for them in syria & commit suicide ? 
  i think them being neutral most of the time and loosely friendly toward the russians/saa was kind of inevitable at that point, 
   and a moat with sharks and lasers . 
  right ? 
  well you know since i saw a certain middle east country using assault dolphin ( the animal , not sub class ) with specially designed underwater guns/pneumatic harpoons ... 
  that article is less actually about the migrant crisis and more an excuse to blame everything happening in macedonia on absolutely everyone else but them . 
  but `` hey look secret-world-domination-greekogermany-plot - ! '', 
  haha ( / s ) . 
  seriously . 
  \\ - picking some soundbites out of it :  since january 2015 , macedonia has survived an unprecedented combination of security threats ; these include an ongoing political crisis sparked by an attempted coup , a narrowly-averted terrorist plot ( a threat which credible intelligence indicates may return ) lol , was n't that a balkan ( or even possibly false flag ? ), 
  internal political thing ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/35doyd/fighting_between_police_and_unidentified_armed/ but nice demagogy to attach that back on the migrant crisis . 
   as new information below reveals , germany and greece are in a secret alliance ho boy . 
  secret `` germany/greek alliance '' xd right . 
  seems legit . 
  i 'm surprized they did n't yet ranted about the `` secret usa/russia new world domination order '' , the `` secret turkish/pkk alliance for syria '' and `` how the usa are totally funding isis '' . 
   they are opposed by the visegrad countries , which constitute the core of a second and rival european alliance . 
  and , apart for hungaria , received little to zero migrants . 
  :|  this is what the germans , eu and unhcr failed to understand when thinking they could bribe the country 's leaders into accepting 30,000 refugees in camps . 
  ah yes dear strong leader is showing them the evil corrupt eu . 
  * facepalm * they got asked to take 30k which is like 0.1 % of the situation because well tossing the entire problem on germany is kind of short sighted . 
  but yeah yeah sure the evil eu nazis . 
   another psychological factor that must be considered is the fact that for the last 25 years , macedonians have been continually blockaded , vetoed , lied to and betrayed by foreign ` allies ' and neighbors yeah yeah poor poor totally-not-corrupt-and-rotten-to-the-core macedonia oppressed and surrounded by evil ~ ~ nato ~ ~ eu i mean that just wants to steal all their moneyz and land or something ...  they do not have any reason to trust anyone , and thus they do not . 
  seriously that part of the article would n't be out of place on sputniknews with a remplacement of `` macedonia '' with `` russia '' . 
   being thus the most powerful man in europe for the foreseeable future , erdo\u011fan i 'm sorry wat :d no disrespect intended to mr erdogan who do have some actual influence ; but i do n't think the writer is quite living in the same reality as all of us . 
   ludicrous warning that greece `` might not support '' macedonian euro-atlantic integration it 's the accusation against greece imaginary warning that 's ludicrous . 
  the reason macedonia is not going anywhere yet is because macedonia somehow managed to be even more corrupt than greece & ukraine put on top of each other . 
  and that 's quite a feat . 
  but i guess macedonian press ca n't exactly write that one down [ what with having absolutely no press freedom and all ] ( http://www.rferl.org/content/macedonia-last-press-freedom-report/26985345.html ) . 
  they even still arrest journalists under various excuses when they talk bad about the gov ( or justice system ) : http://www.theguardian.com/media/greenslade/2013/oct/22/press-freedom-macedonia  finally , there is always the chance -- especially during summer -- of exploding grenades and shells left over from the first world war . 
  ( these collector 's items are primarily found in the mariovo mountain area , where people still go in search of similarly buried french army cognac and gold from that period ) . 
  i thought you wanted to scare people away . 
  not to tell them where to dig stuff to sell it on ebay haha  wildlife : wild animals such as bears , wolves and wild boar all inhabit macedonia 's southern mountains . 
  the country 's snake population includes three poisonous viper species . 
  especially in aqueous areas , snake populations generally increase in springtime . 
  that much is true tho . 
  lots of goddam boars in the area . 
  do n't get yourself gored  so it 's reassuring to know that some 3,300 booby traps i can tell you right now it 's going to kill more macedonians than immigrants . 
  that 's what landmines generally do . 
  assasinating peoples in numbers for trespassing also violate quite a number of agreement and legislations so if you want to get in the eu it 's not exactly the idea of the century either . 
   there 's really no easy way out of this , we will need international cooperation on a level i do not see happening any time soon well the westerners will kindah keep an eye on the north of the country and maybe , maybe rebel areas depending on how things goes . 
  but the rest of the country i do n't think we 'd be very welcome anyway . 
  so if somebody sticks in damascus , latakia or der ezzor for example , it 's likely going to be russians or iranians, 
  ( i kindah start to understand when the pols complained they got called nazis haha ), 
   the syrians do n't want a permanent foreign occupation well if the russians wants to occupy ( or at least manage ) it long term that 'd solve it and both are friendly with each others . 
   the `` right to be forgotten '' is one of the most fucked-up , oppressive , orwellian things to ever come out of brussels . 
  i disagree . 
  and in 10 years if it was n't there you 'd say everything is exposed and we 're in 1984 open surveillance of each others . 
   the problem is , when the proposal is up and the negotiations are finished , it 'll be a take it or leave it situation . 
  it 's final . 
  something i agree with you there . 
  i think there should a couple times where they release the * current * negociated status to check reactions from various eu parties . 
  maybe not doing it constantly ( too much work ) but at least once or two before reaching final agreement would be nice ; to see if any specific country or party has something that would cause them a major problem in it they were n't made aware of by negociation channels . 
  a bit more transparency from times to times might be decent . 
  that might even allow to iron out better kinks and get more people onboard to vote it in the end ( but you know without isds and corporate-led courts self awarding themselves money ) . 
  altho to be fair , it is true germany needs a solid financial back to handle the migrant crisis like they did . 
  clever on their part , but they rise a valid point nontheless . 
  plus it is their country on that one so if that create some negative economic consequences in germany , they are likely aware of it . 
  if they want to bail it out , i suspect we are just going to shrug our shoulders and move along . 
  and if there 's a social crisis ( inb4 people argumenting it 's a case of right wing pro-bank economics impoverishing everyone ) we 'll study other ways to address it ( they did a serious realistic step toward that a couple years ago by introducing minimal wage ) . 
  and , uh , ~ ~ if you want to make economic bank vault looting in germany on a regular basis you need the bank to stay in business and have lots of money ~ ~ since most of the cash to address various eu crises comes both from france and germany , we want them to stay strong ( because ca n't get money from them if they do n't have any left ) . 
  so , for once , let 's support germany in how they decide to handle that issue . 
  more realistically , there are a number of concession like easy visas , money ~ ~ and erh well got to think of something else to toss on top erh ~ ~ .
