   however , the construction of the council ( higher chamber ) is flawed in that there is a single representative per country ( so no plurality of opinion ) , well ; on the other side it allows for faster decisions . 
  one of the main issues with the parliament is that it 's incredibly bloated . 
  sadly , in reality you ca n't always have a large scale vote when there a huge crisis destroying the country . 
  that 's why executive-minded branchs are always centered about a few very powerfull people that call in the immediate shots . 
  and each country having * at least one * means they wo n't be too screwed over most of the time . 
  ----- honestly , i think one of your mistakes ( or point where * i think * you are mistaken , because i dont have the ultimate truth either on democracy duh ) is that i suspect the executive should keep limited representation to allow fast decisions , prevent any country from being massively left on the side . 
  not just parliament . 
  and sadly they cant always talk everything publickly at * executive * level . 
  it 's fine for laws , i can understand why you say that and concede it ; but sometime at * executive * level it 's just outright classified for safety reasons . 
  like potential military implications on possible foreign strategies . 
  intelligence obtained in various ways that will influence decision making one way or another . 
   and most negotiations happen behind close doors so they are n't accountable if that 's accountability that worries you , maybe a better solution would be a stronger audit/anti-corruption bureau that remains fully independant and can peek in all the classified stuff and stop/denounce any shady dealings ? 
  and it 's not impossible : [ the dna ( romanian anti corruption agency ) is busy ripping their pm a new one as of now ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/13/romania-prime-minister-victor-ponta-questioned-corruption-inquiry ) . 
  maybe also having fixed rules for declassification of info depending of their nature . 
  for example most of it should be declassified systematically by law 5-10y down the line , except maybe such and such fine points protected for justifiable reasons ( that an audit should be able to challenge should it not be valid ) . 
   if you can get a majority in the senate and parliament , you can literally dissolve the executive power . 
  i agree it 's a normal thing . 
   also , the council + euparl are supposed to be legislative ( a bicameral system i think it 's a mistake to mix something based on the current council with a potential second chamber : the current council is made of people from the executive , with an executive background , mindset , and hat when it comes to them acting . 
  a prime minister or president or chancelor or similar is an executive man or woman , the kind that pushes around agreement , sanctions and should it comes to extreme cases troops & warplanes ; definitely not a law maker . 
  if you want to make a second chamber that makes sense , but then it 's not the council . 
  i also think it would be a huge mistake to remove the council 's power because it would massively alienate a large number of eu governments and possibly cause multiple exits . 
  countries joigned the eu because together we are stronger , especially when in agreement . 
  not to have some brussels foreigner give all the orders . 
  even ignoring our current luck until now , adding an official set of guidelines and votes on decisions could prevent another greek situation where a guy like schauble can basically push merkel around and give all the orders for the eu and strangle another gov just because he felt like it . 
  furthermore i do n't understand why you would add a second `` senate '' chamber . 
  could you explain to me what advantage that brings over having `` just '' the parliament ? 
   seriously ? 
  you want your head of governments to be the european government well , de facto most important decisions on the continent are already taken by barely-negociated concensus between heads of gov most of the time are n't they ? 
  it would just officialize it . 
  add an eu president with strong powers and let him appoint some ministers for proper coordination . 
   there 's no way someone who supports a parliament always meeting behind closed doors in a democracy is not a troll , or at least an extremist who would prefer to live in a dictatorship ... thanks i guess ? 
  i just say i did n't cared , not that i think we should have just a shadow gov. 
   i mean , why have a parliament anyways because we elect people who defend the same point of view than us , to actually make laws around it and push our own agenda as citizens ? 
   i mean , why have a parliament anyways ? 
  we could just directly elect the ministers in the government and give them the power to do anything they want . 
  that bit is true , but there 's something called the `` separation of powers '' i was taught in school : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/separation_of_powers basically , it recommands for government stability reasons to separate three branchs : - executive - judiciary - legislative ministers are executive , not legislative . 
  they use the legislation given to them by the elected parliament . 
  they do n't make it themselves , to prevent somebody simply appointing himself forever with all the powers . 
  like the us senate defacto did ( or rather , constantly tries ) . 
   but people who disagree with the us senate can vote for other people yes and no . 
  the system allows to reduce the number of candidate to a number of self supporting corrupt club . 
  it 's basically just an oligarchic-bribe-politics playground . 
  you complain about the unelected one ? 
  then i can complain about the mono-candidate elections where the one with the money gets the only real ad campaign because he literally bought every last ads billboards in his state berlusconi style ? 
   also , the senate supposedly does not have powers that would allow them to influence foreign policy like that by themselves well ; we all saw how they respected that one . 
   ) , so that letter is at best the senators stating their position if it ever comes to a vote  \\* stating their intentions next time they try rigging elections again with gerrymandering ( by playing with voting borders ) ftfy  you are blaming the senate , while the people elected them as representatives , when you get the choice to make a system with a vote between putin , putin and putin 's buddy , it 's best to simply call out the election and throw the entire apparatus . 
  edit : no this is n't a threat on russia , just a caricature of the usa 's corruption rates . 
  no , we should not get something like that here , sorry . 
   that 's not `` high treason '' - ah , because promising to starting a war with a major power that the potus had just started signing an agreement with ; because a foreign politician ( netanyahu ) just gave you a bribe , that 's not treason ? 
  then what is the definition of treason , in that case ? 
   you are blaming the senate , while the people elected them as representatives , and keep electing them and now it 's not really an election anymore ; because there 's no choice in it and the voting districts were tinkered times after times by the elected senators to keep themselves in power ; when they do n't use dirtier tricks ( like `` unsecure '' voting machines they basically voted as a valid voting tool ) . 
   the council 's situation is much worse . 
  i think a situation where politicians can basically vote on themselves to basically attribute themselves all the powers and keep it forever and get themselves re elected 5 mandates in a chain without breaking a sweat is asking for a lot worse . 
  https://www.opensecrets.org/bigpicture/reelect.php  the council is not supposed to be a government , because that 's the commission 's job i simply think that the comission should be outright dissolved/pushed out because they are n't elected . 
  and the council should replace them as de facto executive power ; maybe with help of some ministers they 'd appoint and/or an elected president . 
  the legislative is the parliament ; and we already have an independant judiciary that could easily be expanded upon in a federal manner . 
   the council is the higher chamber of a bicameral parliamentary system . 
  well ; then find a way to add another chamber in your schema ; but without making it as obsenely corrupt and self-serving-only as the us or french senate ? 
   otherwise why would n't you just make the euparl meet behind closed doors as well ? 
  i do n't really care about that one either way ; they `` simply '' have to publish publickly the decided laws however . 
   something more like the us senate ( directly elected ) , oh please . 
  the us senate is the biggest disaster in recent american history and the very thing i suggest we avoid like the plague . 
  ** it is utterly corrupt and rotten to the bone ** . 
  every senator is at the very least a millionnaire ; and most of them litterally live on de facto bribe money , and are only in to take some more . 
  without exageration there 's probably * at least * a 50 % corruption rate there . 
  that 's how you get a chamber more occupied with suppressing minimal wage to pander to corporate donnors , rise their own pay , and basically fuck over the country while doing absolutely * nothing * about the real ones ( whether internal like the state of detroit , stopping the stupid `` war on drug '' killing thousands of americans , police violence , corporate cartels , corruption , cronyism , crazy student debts , poverty , ... or even external like the middle east or whatever ) ; when they are not outright sabotaging the executive ( e.g : potus ) and destroying official policy ( letter for iran . 
  wtf where they thinking ? 
  that was outright high treason . 
  they basically declared they 'd open war on iran just after obama was gone . ), 
  for the sake of an netanyahu bribe and electoral points at home . 
  they are most likely the very culprits for the current waves of never ending crisis the us are currently encountering . 
  i 'm sorry but i 'll take people like cameron and the baltics any day of the week above another us senate busy pulling a yanukovich on the country . 
   with some inspiration from the french senate ( indirectly elected ) annnnnnd the only thing worse than the us senate is probably the french senate ( and trust me on that i 'm french ) . 
  it 's all white 70 + y old men basically impossible to fire and using their positions to further their own power and the one of their buddies , that is when they do show up . 
  good thing they are merely de facto rubber stampers as of late , for the actual powerfull one , [ the assembl\u00e9e nationale ( national assembly ) ; that is elected ( our parliament ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_assembly_ ( france \\ ) ) . 
  it 's not perfect , but it 's the one of the few bits we actually have that is properly working , in my humble opinion . 
  plus , you basically will never get away with taking away representation from the various eu govs. 
  having a central gov ? 
  removing the leader 's say in it ? 
  simply not going to work . 
  the fact is , the big decisions are still taken by people like angela merkel or david cameron ( whether they are hiding behind a brexit or not ) . 
  and on a personnal level i 'm not sure i 'd trust bureaucrates to decide otherwise with * everything * as of now either . 
   very little people will hear about it , well ; very few people actually know de facto what goes in behind doors in their presidential or prime ministerial palace , in reality . 
  just like we do n't know for sure what goes in behind the closed door of nato councils , or imf internals . 
  so that does n't change a lot there . 
  imho the eu council is an important part and should remain in mostly it 's current form . 
  resulting decisions ( post nego & debate ; what they openly agree upon ) could be made public however , in the council 's case . 
   of course , if you continue to build a non-democratical europe people it 's going to complain about the losing of sovereignty and they will be right . 
  agreed  right now the main bodies of the eu and even more of the ez are not democratic not entirely : - the parliament is outright elected : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament_election,_2014  i have n't choose any of the people controlling the comission or the council . 
  - the eu council is still democratic because their members are the leaders of country that are all the result of democratic elections in their home countries . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_council#composition while you did n't vote for all of them , you certainly voted at least for one ( well unless you voted for his opposant and lost ; but you get me ... ) ; and your neighbors did vote for their own . 
  a representative of each states seems democraty to me and a decent way to achieve a fair balance of power . 
  - the comission is certainly a problem on the democratic side , however . 
  i agree there . 
   and the ez finmin meet in a mob fashion without even records of what is going on inside ... xd that 's one way to describe recent events i guess . 
   i want a real constitution coming from the a constituent process , i.e. 
  a constitution created by the european citizens and their political representatives ( european parlament ) . 
  why not . 
  maybe talk to your representatives about it so they push the idea and/or do some activism about it ? 
  \\ ^ \\ ^ i 'm serious .
