  but not by the stay at home , he 's fucked over by his boss that does n't give him anything more for his work . 
  hence rising minimum wage would help more than making homeless the unemployed and calling him `` lazy '' . 
   these people expect that drive from others , and want it to be enforced . 
  it is not jealousy . 
  after all , the same system is open to them . 
  what 's the term for forcing your will on other , especially when it involve forcing them to work for you because of your personnal beliefs in your personnal `` ethics '' ? 
  i thought we were in a free society  _ , 
   you do realise that is the mayor of the town you are talking about ? 
  * even the mayor ca n't get a decent wage . 
  * there was one dude that said the same words for words . 
  his name is patrick balkanny . 
  you might have heard of him ( the fraud legend himself : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/patrick_balkany shame he could n't find the wall space in his mansion in france or morroco or tropical islands or ... to hang his original 50 ' 000 ' 000 $ picasso along the matis and others ) . 
  edit : for those that does n't know the story , the guy was n't mistreated or disappeared or anything , but the police & other seized everything of high value he owned , including multiple palaces , a dozen bank accounts , a car collection , dozens of original priceless paintings , a gold & diamond watch collection in his safe , etc etc etc, 
  that 's something i agree , but we will have to wait on the results of the finish experiment a few years down the line before pushing anything drastic . 
  as much as i 'm a supporter of the idea , let 's be realistic for a minute , and see how and what can work in our current xxist european economy at semi large scale . 
  which means that 1 \u00b0 ) they 're already doing it there so wait and hold 5 more years 2 \u00b0 ) in the mean time nothing too drastic apart maybe rising a bit minimal wage and welfare & co to patch up the holes for the moment . 
   what you are missing is that when you are unemployed and on benefits , you 're not having to spend your days at a job you hate where you might be laid off for little to no reason . 
  well maybe if people have to be forced to work at all costs somewhere that treat them like dirt and that they hate to the bones , maybe their boss might be doing a few things wrong and should change a bit his attitude and approach to work too . 
   this breeds resentment jalousy wo n't fix any of the issue . 
  the unemployed has no control over the work conditions of workers . 
  employers do . 
  it 's them who decided to pay people 8 $ / h and withhold paid leave because they decided they wanted their employees working a 24 december christmas night at 23:00 . 
   additionnal funds ( i guess you 're talking about apl ) are based on the private locative prices . 
  actually i was thinking about whether it was reasonable at some point to outright rise minimal wage , rsa & retirement for a few euros per hours . 
  but that means finding a couple dozen billions in the budgets somewhere ~ ~ or emptying another oligarch 's bank account used as piggy bank haha ~ ~ . 
   the wall that has crashed every politic since 30 years , while fn smartly avoid it as if it was n't a problem . 
  that 's definitely a wall too agreed  * you lowering the private properties value , and you 're doomed by all private owners . 
  there could be a `` big owner '' loophole tho : limitating land value by law but acting only against people holding very large surface or investments like buildings in towns or who ~ ~ pass a wealth check ~ ~ owns more than xxx $ of assets . 
   same difficulties to balance our health welfare with the doctors and hospitals problems . 
  that one still somewhat work properly tho . 
  it 's less apocalyptically bad haha  same problem with public subventions and lowering charges in private jobs . 
  there were talks to make the first employ ( or even first 5 ) in startups free of charges on state payroll ? 
  that seemed to me realistic to give an initial push to small startups without funding wealthy corporations ? 
  we might have to look how to find/allocate additionnal funds for welfare/retirement/social spending then ( without massively increasing the deficit ) . 
  it 's a question of what is our priorities . 
  and the minimum retirement pension 700 $ / month , mostly allowed to former little farmers . 
  then maybe the best idea would be to rise that retirement to 1000-1200 $ . 
  they 're not going to take it to the tomb with them either way . 
  so it 's not `` wasted '' or lost , it 'll go back to the economy at some point at worse . 
  ( edit : altho i agree we might have to find money in reasonable amounts * before * signing additionnal spending . ), 
  yes , but generally they factor in other helps in their calcul to dismiss it as a `` welfare state '' like the apl ( housing help ) , healthcare etc, 
   of course they should push for better incentives to work rather than reduce benefits , but it is pretty bullshit how the system is set up . 
  the system is n't bullshit . 
  a good pay used to mean 60-100k / year . 
  not 15k . 
  that was supposed to be welfare next to work . 
  the issue is n't the 15k in welfare . 
  the issue is that work is 15k too now . 
   you seriously believe the media does n't try to make multiculturalism look good ? 
  tf1 ( the first french channel ) might as well be the french fox news ...  i realize that the left does n't recognize that most of the media supports their view . 
  ... did you ever watched french tv ? 
   then theres people working hard jobs for long hours and because of the way the system is set up , they barely make more than welfare and have to ruin themselves working shit jobs . 
  well here 's the issue : how about people working hard finally get paid more than rent + utilities + food ? 
  the issue is they ca n't make enough , not that the other can barely survive without killing themselves at work . 
   `` i earn little more than the minimum wage for working at the factory , whereas others prey on state benefits , '' he seethes . 
  `` it 's crazy what you hear on tv these days . 
  that only serves to show how much propaganda tv serves nowadays . 
  instead of trying to get a real paycheck , he tries blamming those who do n't even have his minimal wage  it 's as if the jobless were more pampered than those who actually deserve it . '' and here is the usual total fantasy the medias love to push . 
  because somebody jobless is less likely to defend himself from angry people than employers busy putting 90 % of the profits in their pockets and laughing all the way to the bank . 
  okay . 
  they might want to send frontex in greece . 
  they will need to find a way to avoid german soldiers tho if possible ( because some of the greeks are turning vaguely racist :\\ \\ ) . 
  not a bad offer at all . 
  erh . 
  what . 
  i 'm sorry , i love tolerent sweden , but when palestinians stab civilians in israel it 's terrorism too . 
  ( the reverse is also valid when `` colonists '' bulldoze palestinian villages mind you but ... ), 
   should we ban the main culprits of corruption in the western world from meeting with the people they 're corrupting ? 
  not all company workers are all trying to steal money . 
  banning the entire class from defending in a normal/legal manner would just push them back to use dirty tricks like bribery in a more regular manner . 
   they can meet up with politicians as simple constituents ( although that rarely happens ) , there we agree  not as lobbyists . 
  well that 's pretty much the definition of legal lobbying in europe ( corporate-linked personnal who simply * talk * to politicians . 
  representatives , emails etc. ) . 
  at least the one i think we should accept . 
  admittedly , the problem is hugely different out of the eu or when they go illegal , where they are frequently pressure & propaganda & bribery groups , which is 100 % unacceptable of course . 
   whose sole profession is corrupting politicians the second they corrupt it 's obviously illegal , 0 tolerence for that , agreed  nd and pasok in greece are corrupt to the core and had the full support of eu . 
  that 's definitely a problem i agree with you there tho . 
   ( and still have ) they were pushed out thankfully by coincidence tho . 
   eh that is true , all the first soldiers sent in refused to take arms against civilians blocking their path . 
  yes . 
  but they did n't had to send in the ultra . 
  the russians started litterally sending dozens of tanks against them so they shot back . 
   yes i take your point about greece and their feeling but lets not rush to war because nobody wants that . 
  well you should pay attention to what the golden dawn says ( `` we will conquer back istanbul and strike back at the greedy germans ! '' ), 
   they really were n't , many are in the middle ( and still are ) while west ukrainian nationalists who pretty much run the show now have always been anti russian . 
  that 's pretty much not true . 
  you have no idea how many ukr are desperate because they have family the other side of the border and both are accusing each other of being brainwashed `` by the cia nazis '' or `` by the russians nazis '' . 
   it was only when the government called in the ultras who had no problems shooting that things escalated that 's flatly not true . 
   ok sure , that could happen but the idea of us going to war with the uk or something like that is such a non starter for nearly everyone here remember how in history books it 's mentionned people thought repeatedly the war was averted before wwii ? 
   i do n't think there is any recent bad history to fight about . 
  well just ask the average greek that lost his pension and utilities ( because he ca n't pay them anymore ) what he thinks of the germans or ecb . 
  you 're in for a pretty big and bad surprize . 
  or what some fn voters thinks of the rest of the eu ( `` the reich '' ) ( which is an ironic accusation coming from such right leaning people ) . 
  then there are the goddam balkans . 
   the world is n't like it was 70 years ago , for starters we all have french/german/dutch / austrian/polish friends . 
  ukraine and russia where brothers . 
  overnight they became serious ennemies . 
  think of ex yugoslavia too that collapsed in fratricide massacres . 
  war break ties faster than you imagine . 
  there are countless wwii stories like this too .
