  what else ? 
  last i heard they did n't even paid the vat in the uk . 
  we had to make one for netflix in france . 
  oooooooooh aaaand damn i take that one back . 
  looks like they did paid the vat starting a couple months ago . 
  okay , that 's a second one they do n't fraud anymore . 
  what else ? 
   unlike facebook , which seems to me to be a bigger villain here . 
  two wrongs does not make a right . 
  and handling 2 giant thiefs does not absolve one either . 
   it 's going to take many decades of further migration and economic integration to develop a the single european identity required for a single european state . 
  i guess it 's true . 
  impatience does from time to time get the best of us . 
   if europe wants to rake in many of the benefits of a single military before then , there 's a way to do it : much more enhanced cooperation on military r&d  safeguards would have to be put in place to prevent certain member states using military spending as economic stimulus and trying to push their own national defence industries . 
  nato tried to standardize a lot but i suspect there 's still going to be a lot of differences due to some countries that wo n't like to share every last piece of equipment or intel they have under their thumb . 
  ( and i do suspect some french officials would go completely , absolutely ballistic if we were talking about fully sharing some french-develloped technologies with some eastern european states instead of `` just giving hands me down on a case by case basis '' . 
  if only because it could leak in nature . 
  for example imagine handing over right now complete rafale blueprints or our latest fire control radar tech to corrupt romanian or balkan officials , that 'd drive dassault crazy and be in russian hands approximately 2 days later . 
  sorry romania : x ) a common procuration system would make sense tho ( ie equiping other eu countries with already existing and manufactured state of the art from a neighboring countries instead of re inventing the wheel regularly and having 50 different standard issue assault rifles in circulation ) . 
  but , really , the core of the thing would be starting with an unified army corps starting possibly alongside each nation 's military and slowly transferts the bulk of ressources from one toward another . 
   what you are saying there is that members should give up their national interests and instead realign around a set of shared interests led by the eu . 
  now that might well work , at some point in the distant future , but surely that would have to happen before the eu was put in a position where it could have a baring on those interests . 
  exactly   but whilst it could simply leave without one it has n't threatened to ... well i might be heavily misinterpretating . 
  but that 's how a lot of people heard it : / which is why it 's so frustrating : we did n't always knew where the uk stood . 
  but recent clarifications and the related negociations then the referendum should help a lot . 
   that would depend heavily on what role such a president would have . . 
  i mean , simply electing a figurehead does n't really change much if decision making sits entirely elsewhere . 
  i fully agree . 
  i did n't meant as a figure head . 
  i was thinking of a presidential system like in french , where the elected individual as real power . 
  but i realize not all countries would agree with such a thing . 
  a more parliamentary system would remain reasonable tho i think . 
   i 'm not entirely sure what you are driving at here - but obviously at the moment when one member does n't play ball the point is , there 's a need for reform indeed so that a single country or two or three do n't use the eu as their personnal proxy to do anything that please them ( something both france and germany have been accused of . 
  sometime at least vaguely justified in their concern , i have to admit ) . 
   there is either a workaround ( with opt-outs offered in exchange for concessions in the most critical instances ) or the issue is n't dealt with . . or the country that can technically override all the others one way or another ( e.g : by reallocating money or recruiting men for the front ) `` win '' and has things it 's way ( e.g : we france pushed in syria . 
  germany collects 60 % of the greek budget . 
  slovakia - i think it was them ? 
  not sure - used their military ressources to secretly deposit thousands of refugees in a neighbor without warning etc. ) . 
  but big picture ( when you think the eu 's best interest , that is collective ones and not just the country that has it 's way ) , i fully understand that 's not entirely a good thing either . 
  do n't forget your / s , some people might believe it for real :p, 
   the issue here is that whatever foreign and security policies the eu has will have to reflect the policies that france , germany , italy ( the uk if it becomes part of this . . ) have too yes , which is why we need more centralized decision making in the eu , but that make some states screaming immediately because it interfere with their national sovereignty , to the point where they threathen to leave on a monthly basis . 
  and some of their concerns might be at least partly justified : like the need for more democraty in the eu . 
  we would also need a directly elected eu president before , in my humble opinion , tho . 
  that is , every european vote for the eu president . 
  that would help giving more popular legitimacy to an eu decision-making system . 
  right now , various eu leaders ( let 's say holland , merkel , cameron , ... ) and their staff & various close allies ( e.g : the usa ) get in a room or phone conference and negociate together on big issues , which is good . 
  but if one day one decide not to play ball ( e.g : if one day france goes rogue against everyone else . 
  we can be assholes , i know that much first hand :-p ) with the others , the eu might end up in trouble , and it would not be in collective eu interests . 
  i think a centralized system would be good if we had a centralized foreign policy , but there would obviously be a need for checks & balances edit :  something that looks more like a bit of an ego boost than anything concrete i think one of the core issue is that ( not going to lie , it 's going to annoy the russians ... ) is that the baltics have a weak military that rely massively on america . 
  you heard the joke i think ? 
  `` we would fight to the last american ! '' . 
  well . 
  having something at arm 's length that is properly flying the eu flag in a similar case would be pretty usefull i guess if we end up in trouble again and the govs on the other side of the continent are n't big to send anything because `` it 's not our corner of the eu '' ( which would lead to further harassment , internal repeated bullying of the guilty party and aggressive reallocations ; ie not anything proper ) . 
  better have an `` official '' eu corps with clearly defined missions , objectives etc and that is officially answerable to a known chain of command and transparent towards states ( and not shady tourism ) . 
   you are contracted with netflix b.v. . 
  there is no netflix uk but they make profits from a `` netflix uk '' website : https://www.netflix.com/gb/ which is even why websites like this one exist : http://uk.newonnetflix.info/catalogue saying `` there is no business with europe it 's all an us thing '' is the kind of blatant lying that should be held accountable . 
   further , it is widely acknowledged and accepted that netflix is still in expansion mode both in terms of underpricing subscriptions to drive market share/adoption and in terms of costs to create and acquire content . 
  there is absolutely no reason for the state to shoulder netflix 's normal costs of business . 
   one of the reasons for the proliferation of netflix originals is the exorbitant licensing costs of existing material . 
  then maybe that licensing system should be modified . 
  but again , this is n't a pass to be above taxes . 
   `` in the end , our goal must be a common european army , '' he said , arguing that national military spending across 28 countries in the eu `` could be employed in a far better way together . '' that bit is true . 
  at least we could push up integration & military cooperation between our various countries and see how things goes . 
   `` for germany , this means that we will have to support our foreign and security policies more strongly than we would perhaps like , '' he said , mentioning the middle east and africa as geographical pivots for berlin 's prospective engagements . 
  stronger european engagement is needed to stabilize these regions , he added . 
  i guess it would depend on the situation and escalation , but that 's not impossible, 
   as a reservist due to mandatory conscription - yeah definitely not what i signed up for . 
  i partly agree , conscription ( draft ) ( or even serious military service ) should only happen in kind of `` force majeur '' , ie if the country/eu is at war or on the verge of a major war that risk overwhelming the `` normal '' professionnal ( volunteer ) military & endangering national security . 
  not otherwise . 
  for example , in a case where an eu state would be overrun militarily or risk it , that the neighbors start drafting for common defense under the eu banner would n't entirely shock me . 
  otherwise no obviously it should definitely not happen . 
  this is exactly the kind of case where `` international '' ( or at least eu wide ) tax & fraud regulations could help , in my humble opinion . 
  and i 'm sure the uk could use recovering their own missing tax money . 
   but any profits from the uk in 2014 were booked overseas . 
  this is unacceptable for an uk service they present as such to an intended uk public and openly admit so . 
   it says the company paid income tax in luxembourg of # 573,396 , equivalent to a rate of about 5 % . 
  screw you luxembourg :( harmonise tax with your neighbors already damnit . 
  stop helping them fraud for 5 % kickbacks . 
   the company says it is in `` expansion '' mode and is making overall losses on its international operation . 
  i 'm curious whether this is true or not . 
  they should have no reason to be against a tax audit then ? 
  i suspect their way of presenting it is most likely creative accounting to appear as `` victim of the system '' while laughing all the way to the bank with the hundreds of millions . 
  and even if they are n't yet , they sure plan to do so once they will dominate the market . 
  a luxembourg tax rate only is simply unacceptable . 
  the tax payers have no reasons to finance their gamble to fortune since they do n't even pay back taxes to the state . 
  only enough money to pay the wages of a few luxembourg politicians . 
   it should be fair to point out that this is not netflix 's fault . 
  they pay every penny of tax that they 're asked to pay . 
  and not a penny more . 
  you are ignoring the fact that corporations lobbied to make legal such tax `` evasion '' ( frequently by bribing us politicians and diplomacy to pressure other countries ) . 
  seriously , that shit needs to end . 
  the state should seize the missing `` evaded '' tax money on netflix bank accounts , and a late fee for attempted fraud . 
  same for facebook . 
  they spend billions on a whim , they can pay taxes . 
  and this is the kind of stuff is why mr erdogan is frequently accused of being an autocrate : / would n't a small fine would be more appropriate than jail ? 
  but that 's just my 5 cents, 
   send back to turkey ? 
  turkey is n't in the eu not its problem they do have agreements for visa & trade in exchange for not letting unlimited numbers of people smuggle themselves in so yes to some degree it 's their problem too . 
   a ) let 's get rid of assad together so the syrians can stay in their country . 
  it is true , but at this point who would win instead ?
