  now i 'm impliedly a nazi ? 
   _   poland ceased to exist i do n't think pakistan or saudi arabia will cease to exist within the next days, 
   wo n't this just create an underground industry of ` dodgy docs ' who 'll issue the paperwork if you pay them a fee . 
  there are control against fraud and bribery you know that ? 
  i mean , it 's the same reason why cops do n't arrest you in the street to ask you for money in most countries . 
   much like we get in professional sports `` yes , he 's fine to play . 
  that broken ankle wo n't bother him too much '' . 
  well if they get caught doing that they risk loosing their licence & fines etc, 
  i 'll wait for the results of the inquiry before taking any chances there ... 
  i mean , finding a 100 % clean politician in those circles is like finding the needle in the haystack . 
  the question is more who did what with who and when/how . 
  those that actually come from warzone will be hard to turn back around to daeshi hands . 
  for the others , tho , that 's definitely on the table . 
  and for those that are already here and obvious economic migrant , a plane ticket and an escort ( the kind that push you in the plane ) remains definitely an option ( probably the main realistic one to deal with numbers ) too . 
   * reducing wages , benefits , minimum wages * , privatizations would bring the desired devaluation . 
  terrible , terrible logic , as we found out the hard way : /, 
  no fingerprints no entry no benefits !, 
  sings eu while cracking down i fail to see how the refugee statut means you should n't have legal id papers . 
  everyone give their fp to have those here . 
  no pass . 
   the french government is way too involved in the market and business . 
  it 's what made us a great power so if anything else expect more intervention on the `` free market '' & regulation \\* shrugs \\*  it is a structural problem with the french model , on the contrary . 
   the french economic model in wider sense is completely broken it 's not the best system ever . 
  it 's the simply the best we know we can currently run as of now , given current economical , social and technological conditions . 
   and will be replace with neo-liberal reforms of the like we have seen in germany hopefully never . 
  i like us being able to pay people retirement , unemployment and healthcare instead of feeding another circle of 1 % ers neo liberalists who want `` state subsides '' ( all the cash in the register ) and `` tax breaks '' ( and keep it forever ) . 
   the alternative is a continue stagnation and disintegration of europe . 
  `` if you do n't let another oligarch like tapie run away with another 400 million $ of stolen state money you are literally dooming europe to stagnation and disintegration '' ! '', 
  seems legit / s, 
  tl ; dr : suspicions of participating in the old tapie corruption ring in france, 
  headling slightly misleading : she 's getting politically blasted , not physically attacked, 
   occam 's razor : she wants a legal investigation . 
  pretty much . 
  that way she can say that the socialist gov `` defend isis '' ( while bombing it ? 
  duh ) and play the victim of `` a gov conspiracy '' . 
  politic hypocrisy 101, 
   they can sit in the holding cell or go back to country of origin if they choose . 
  are there that many refusing fingerprints that you ca n't hold them or send them back ? 
  well that 's the definition of `` force '' actually . 
  and something i 'd agree with but i digress, 
  i do n't think the eu ever called italy `` nazis '' any recently in any other context than talking about wwii history under mussolini or similar . 
  force fingerprinting them the second they enter could sure help solve a lot of things ( and cracking down on benefits shopping ) . 
  how about we do it . 
  i also believe the commission could help italy too by allocating them resources ? 
  here we go , more opt out since everyone wants their own know . 
  altho this one seems reasonable since finland never really had a large issue on that side ( ? ), 
  translation of what he 's saying : `` i stole so much money that if they ever do a corruption inquiry i will be lit like a christmas tree '', 
  you might laugh , but that was actually what made the printing press usefull and helped disseminate knowledge again . 
  you have to be joking . 
  i hope that asshole goes to jail . 
  says the guy typing on a computer with a cpu engraved in a couple dozen nanometers while pulsing billions of time a second , built upon millenias of accumulated tech & scientific knowledge in dozens of separate domains ( mathematics , material science , electronics , ... ) . 
  i 'm nore sure the modern transistor inventor could have forseen the net as it is . 
   but why ?!, 
  because it 's fundamental research like that that bring technological progress . 
  fundamental research gave us stuff like anything from the light bulb , to computers from which you are typing , cars , fridges radio tv boats advanced common chemicals like deodorants or meds , pens , paper mass production , knowledge of potable water and sanitation , etc etc. 
  it 's not what it brings * now * , it 's what it 'll allow our grand kid to figure out down the line . 
  you should ` nt stop planting trees just because it wo n't be a forest then a lot of printed books and firewood 2 days later . 
  it generally takes decades , sometime century , but we have to do that kind of research if we want to keep going forward . 
   i 'm sorry but have you even been through the eurotunnel recently ? 
  there are regular huge delays because of migrant deaths on the tracks and break ins . 
  i was delayed for over 7 hours on both the english and french side . 
  if there is one incident the tunnel is down for like 24h to clear out everything so of course it make the news . 
  does n't mean there is n't like 1000 policemen patroling the area since a month or so . 
   being able to freely access ports and train infrastructure is a security risk and the delays and inconveniences to transport hurts the french and uk economy . 
  so , instead of the current high police presence you want to basically declare martial law for us in one of our department so that englishmen are n't risking getting inconvenienced once in 6 months when taking the eurostar ? 
   but because the videos show how understaffed the current security is . 
  more staff yes . 
  army and tanks , no . 
   i 'm assuming it 's one of the roads to the trains last i heard the freigh terminal was desserved by a highway pretty close to it ? 
  granted i 'm not a trucker so i only came close to the freight side once , but unless they blockaded a highway or managed to sneak on a few hundred meters despite large police presence , that 's quite strange of a story . 
  large past incidents happened mostly when uber-hating taxi drivers blockaded the entire highway system in the area to annoy the gov to no end . 
  then dock workers did the same a bit later . 
   the migrant camp ( the ` jungle ' ) has become that threatening that the french army is needed , can we stop that `` failed country in civil war '' propaganda for a minute ? \u00b2  previously the mayor of calais natacha boucart already had advocated this . 
  ah yes right wingers advocating for `` security against the foreigners '' . 
  truly surprizing / s  some truck drivers are even calling it a warzone right . 
  that remind me of that time where fox news declared that birmingham was a walled muslim-only town : http://i100.independent.co.uk/article/birmingham-is-a-muslimonly-city-fox-news-expert-claims--ljzn5-g29x i 'm not denying there 's a real issue , but let 's not exagerate . 
   a truck driver even received a fine once after he asked the police to help with removing 13 stowaways from his truck . 
  then maybe there 's something to work there agreed . 
  but oh fuck it , i 'm almost tempted to say `` put a military checkpoint on the highway and inspect truck by truck for a week even it it means holding them 3 days aside like in east ukraine '' just to show them how different it is and how much they would loose if they got what they really wanted . 
   our driver got held up on one of the entrance roads by a blockade made of debris - what street ? 
  because i express doubts toward an unknown blockage on an express high volume highway we did n't heard about . 
  unless he managed to get himself followed in a shady dark street at night near the camp ? 
   ` he stopped for a moment to give a group of those boys some bottles of water . 
  some of those boys crawled into the pallet boxes . 
  when the police checked the truck they did get found . 
  the police had sprayed in tear-gas into the pallet boxes . 
  and as a thank-you for his help my driver got pelted with stones ( by the migrants ) . ', 
  that actually seems like a more likely incident . 
   have to offer a decent shelter or otherwise you have to expel them i would agree and suggest the first bit as a priority . 
  a proper camp , then dismantling properly the `` savage '' encampment and pushing them in the more normal one with some incentives like sanitation , their own room or one off cheap change . 
  well tbh `` offering free tax audits '' is one way to ensure those are regular in a lot of companies to discourage the `` they 'll never check either way '' frequent kind of fraud . 
  hmmm . 
  fair point . 
  maybe state ran/paid audits to decide on said label might level the playfield ? 
  why do n't you ( as a country i mean ) recoup your losses on that one too and sell it as constructable land or at least close it ( & like reassign the personnal to another and suspend temporarily hirings used to replace the departures/turnover/retirement ) ? 
  what 's the point of keeping it opened if you do n't fill a plane a year with it ? 
  i mean , running an airport at a loss is almost normal ( it 's infra so it brings growth on the associated trafic ) , but 98 % loss and only 200k income in 7 years seems more like a scam . 
  either no plane ever take off from there or the money get all stolen . 
   no . . where am i saying that ? 
  i 'm sayin that the value of that contract might only be # 500 , if you have to spend # 500 , # 1000 or # 2000 to deal with the extra regulatory burden then you would n't bother would you ?
