   to nazis into a plan for genocide did i said genocide ? 
  i said ethnic cleansing . 
  the fn want to send by force hundreds of thousands or even millions to north africa if they can . 
   the fact that you call ancient rome national socialist is ridiculous . 
  they did n't even bothered hiding it : they put irons and collars on north african at the time . 
   all people since forever have defended the demographics of their nations . 
  ...  before cultural marxists raped your weak minds in the mid 20th century `` if you do n't agree with us you are litterally staline ! '', 
   they literally know nothing else about history at all . 
  `` only a sith deals in absolute ! '', 
   the average low-iq young leftist knows 1 % of human history , so basically at this point of writing your post you are just too much of a coward to say `` you are a retard '' and hide behind `` clever words '' . 
  w00t , what an argument . 
   neither do you ; all you have done is lied about it and failed to substantiate your claims . 
  like talking of 90 % of the country as an `` oppressed christian minority '' ... 
  here 's a tea party member ship card , why do n't you go take a plan ticket to the us ? 
   no , i am saying that you are personally a very low intelligence person who swims in a sea of ignorance , and democracy can not function when all the voters are stupid as fucking lawn ornaments . 
  so , democracy is only the democracy of people who have the same ideas than you , according to you ; since eveyrone else is a `` retard that should n't be allowed to vote and should just die '' ? 
   i 'm done here . 
  you are a stupid , ignorant , worthless , brainwashed person , incapable of any genuine intellectual exercise . 
  your performance here has been pathetic , and confirms the worst stereotypes of the arrogant , ignorant , naive young leftist . 
  i do n't think i 'm the only one arrogant here   i hope you die a violent and miserable death , and soon . 
  ah yes , because hoping people with very different ideas of the situation will die a painfull death is the hallmarks of democracy and the values of the republic . 
   if merkel or hollande want to lead eu , they should be in position of juncker or tusk then people will start yelling `` abuse of power ! '', 
  and `` the 4th reich ! '', 
  even faster and i do n't even want to think what cameron would do . 
  there 's no right move according to that logic . 
   so that 's why i said backing him would be the quickest and cheapest way to `` stabilize '' the country . 
  by killing or condemning to death or exile the 2 millions citizen that still oppose him ? 
  what 's a country standing if most or half of it 's population is gone ? 
   the league of nations is seen as the predecessor of the un , not eu . 
  it was the closest thing the european countries had as a political union to avoid repeating wwi . 
   so we have the un now , are we politically in the same climate as pre ww1 or ii ? 
  the un is ever more powerless . 
  at least the eu has power to step in if things go out of hand . 
  that is if people does n't dismantle it before . 
   2 have no authority whatsoever to represent eu how so ? 
  a sum of it 's leaders can not represent the eu ? 
  instead of trying to dismantle it , why do n't your country bring your issues to the table too and step in the spotlight too ? 
   because in reality that interference does n't come from eu itself but from other eu countries . 
  or because it 's easier to yell `` all is the eu 's fault !, 
  death to the eu ! '', 
  rather than trying to fix our own countries ? 
  that 's a common bias in politicians , somehow . 
  but of course the eu ca n't interfere to fix them either because otherwise it automatically becomes `` a violation of national sovereignty '' . 
   smaller political blocks , the eu only being a free trade zone , a smaller eu , i do n't know , it all depends how current crises will develop . 
  which is basically what the league of nation was just before wwii : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/league_of_nations, 
   the issue is when they start thinking that they can force others to think the way they do . 
  you understand the nazis said `` the jooz '' tried the same thing ? 
   currently it is muslims who are the most violent in this . 
  no , it is a few violent people who are . 
  but strangely enough , when a breivik massacre hundreds of toddlers or random nationalist sword down kids at halloween , nobody calls it `` terrorism '' . 
  people see what they want . 
  and what they want to see is that it 's only muslim that are violent because it fits their world view to purge them . 
   no , vetting people coming into your country is standard . 
  i do agree , but talking about that is a distraction from the real fn plans to deport several hundreds of thousands to algeria by force because their parents came here half a century ago . 
   yes , and yet the police are unable to go into parts of some european countries without being abused and threatened . 
  ah , the fabled `` shariah no go zone '' absurdity . 
  go back watching ~ ~ the pravda ~ ~ fox news thank you . 
   putting them in school , yet allowing them to have islamic schools . 
  there you have a point , but you do n't need to put swatiska tattooed people in power to force them to respect the school curriculum . 
   do n't treat non muslims poorly , allow your daughters to wear what they want , do n't try to marry your daugters off , do n't establish shiara legal systems , dont beat your wives for talking back . 
  straightforward stuff that needs to be done to integrate into western society . 
  you 're kindah preach to the choir here . 
  i do n't think any socialists wanted to abolish the constitution or our devise ( liberty , equality , fraternity ) , thank you . 
   taking and holding some ground in syria , establishing well guarded and well run refugee camps that they can live safely . 
  like backing rojava in northern syria ; or like giving money to turkey to help them fund refugee camps because they helped coordinate it on the ground ? 
  wait , that 's already what we 're doing and people give us shit for `` funding erdogan the islamist '' . 
   sdf are poorly trained and poorly equipped uh , the ypg ( 70 % of the sdf ? ), 
  is about the only force that took back large swats of daeshi land ...  a single division of western military forces would end this much much faster , but not without : - having heavy weapons leak to the conflict in southern turkey ( so erdogan would treat it as a declaration of war ) - having heavy weapons in fact for sale everywhere on the local blackmarket . 
  we 're talking about sam , manpads and similar here . 
  remember how most of daesh weapons came from stolen stockpile they got when the isf mass deserted ? 
  - if you do n't arm the locals when you leave , well there 's no force in front of daesh preventing their come back . 
  if you arm them , the weapons will end in daesh hands again . 
  - seeing the ia starting to be dependant on us again . 
  when you leave in a year , the mosul desertion where 30 000 iraqi soldier deserted in front of 800 isis and sold them their abrams tanks will happen again , exactly the same way . 
  if you fight for them , why should they learnt to fight to defend something they do n't really care about either way ? 
  your average iraqi soldier would rather you die instead for him , and will only learn how to fight when daesh is about to go burn their house . 
  - the second you leave syria , exactly same . 
  - you prove daesh propaganda right ( the western perpetual invader just here to kill muslims ) . 
  i 'm also annoyed at the idea of fullfilling their apocalyptic propaganda with dabiq because those fucktards might be disturbed enough to have actually found an old nuclear warhead to make a dirty bomb and use it to imitate the end-of-the-world `` prediction '' they love to repeat dozens of time a day or some shit like that . 
  not . 
  enact . 
  their . 
  announcements . 
  - it 's going to take us a year , and not 48h like the idiots announced us . 
  hell , years later most of iraq is still a militia controled shithole . 
  people constantly yell `` west strong ! '', 
  and grossly under estimate the difficulty of a war in reality . 
  - and at best we 're back for another 15 years of dumping trillions in the area for nothing . 
  the forever middle east/western war ( which is ongoing since the gulf war ) is exactly what we tried to end at first . 
   and a well trained well equipped military they would eat their words . 
  how much lives and money did iraq & afghanistan costed us ? 
  well , you know what happened ? 
  the taliban control again nearly the entire afghanistan apart maybe khabul and a few big towns . 
  all that for that . 
  do you really wants us to repeat it ? 
   onward to another post 09/11 disaster ? 
  and what other option do you advocate ? 
  - racism against one religious group ( jews , muslims ) ? 
  check - political instability and countries blamming each others ? 
  check - economic crisis continent wide eating alive the economy ?
