  the torry conservative fringe ( aka brexit force # 1 in politics ) have tried to dismantle the nhs as of late ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/apr/25/jeremy-corbyn-nhs-junior-doctors-strike-private-healthcare ) . 
  norway would have tried to consolidate it . 
   there is no plan , its just appealing to emotions and hoping for the best ... well now that it looks like it 's a 50/50 in like 2 weeks they better start planning for what happends after : / not a threat at all , just for their own sake . 
  say they end up in absolute power in the uk in 6 months without evil eu foreign interference . 
  what do they do hope to do first ? 
   he said he is focusing on winning the referendum and then we plan from there . 
  well if he was good the referendum would be a tool to enact his plans . 
  not the other way around `` t _  not sure how things will work , but i assure you everything will be better and in the background that 's bad planning 101 . 
  1 \u00b0 ) you write a plan 2 \u00b0 ) you somehow try to figure out what is blowing up in your face 3 \u00b0 ) and how to address it 4 \u00b0 ) everything is ok . ~ ~ 5 \u00b0 ) when it 's not dump enough ressources till the problem just go away ~ ~ ... not the other way around . 
  ... especially cut ( at least politically ) from european ressources to patch stuff up somewhat ( because good luck asking help or cooperation to the germans after a brexit ) . 
  damn , condoleances : /  one eyewitness told the bbc they heard her attacker shout `` put britain first '' at least twice beforehand . 
  so , far right ? 
  damn this is getting a bit out of hand , i hope the left wo n't be doing anything stupid in return ( stay calm people thank you , let 's not fall to that level . 
  the question is `` is the uk ready ? '' . 
  i hope they ( uk ) write a plan for that soon enough if it 's not already done . 
   so then france and every other country too ? 
  france should contribute in paying greek debts to some degree , i agree . 
   it \u00b4 s nobodies fault other then there own apart the bit where german officials where bribed by german industrialists to bribe greek officials into buying broken defense shit for dozens billions at credit & debt they very much neither could nor should afford . 
   that they lived years with a really low rent age , high rents that 's bullshit . 
  most of the money never went anywhere near the social system . 
  but hey when you want to cover up stolen money blame the healthcare and unemployment money . 
  the usual classic along with the `` invading foreigners that steal all our benefits '' even if it only accounts for a couple millions a year while hundreds of billions have been stolen by crooked politicians over decades & sent to panama by the billions . 
   tax payment moral was and is still really bad . 
  that , however , is true and a real problem . 
  when none of the local oligarchs and shipping kings nor restaurants nor hotels nor bars nor shops pay taxes , money do n't enter the state coffers . 
  ah yes . 
  if you support the eu you are litterally hitler . 
  took them some time to figure that one out . 
   until people grow the fuck up ? 
  me thinks it 's gon na take a bit o ' time . 
  no idea who threw the first punch this time tho , but hopefully the police did good work like in marseille, 
   in particular , she urged europe 's largest economy to use its healthy public finances to boost spending yeah that 's why i think they should cut part of greece 's debts . 
  it 's a form of spending in europe and in a budget post that 'd could really use it, 
  ( i was half joking about the phones tbh :p ), 
   manufacturers wo n't redesign their phones for non-eu markets just because of the uk . 
  the standard plug is already global . 
  they 'll just use their old non standard plugs like motorola & apple do in the rest of the world . 
  yeah that `` lightning '' plug ? 
   `` hey , the uk just left the eu , let 's spend twice as more cash to design a phone charger just for their market just so that we can fuck with people '' that 's what happends in other countries tho . 
  apple & ms ex nokia or even motorola frequently used non standard chargers . 
   `` oh no , we are allowed to do what we could n't do before ! '', 
  i mean for example regulations that protect companies against scam for example . 
  for example , lots of online resellers on ebay loves our regulations preventing the banks to drop the entire fraud protection costs on resellers when they catch somebody with a stolen credit card . 
  if they ca n't have such regulations that were formerly imposed by the eu you can bet they will move there pretty quickly not to get their accounts emptied by greedy banks under excuses of stolen ccs floating around . 
  or regulations preventing visa ( the banking corpo ) to overcharge like they want when they want any vendor or buyer when they feel like it ( `` oh you used your visa card with a non partner seller or atm to buy a 2 $ coffee ? 
  we bill you 25 $ of transaction fees '' was a very real thing . ) . 
  because i 'm not sure the uk alone can bully visa into not abusing for example . 
  i thought self appointed supervillains where supposed to have plans for everything . 
  `` bloody '' ? 
  well in case of brexit the english brexiters might cause widespread economic damage to their own country , and there 's going to have some inevitable damage anyway ( frightened investors , lack of some eu regulations that turns away some companies , relocalizations to eu territory for somes , uk phones without an eu-mandated standard usb plug to charge them , etc ) but nothing intended for the sake of damaging the uk , no we wo n't just `` stick it to them '' for the sake of it just because they brexit ( now if the uk suddenly asks eu citizens to fill in for a visa we 'll to the same , but that 's another topic )  france would not be acting out of spite , officials said the article even had to admit so . 
  i 'd pretty much have the same line on the rest of the article, 
  did they recruited fauxnews to write that lies on that scale ? 
   _  iraq & syria lulz very unlikely to happen . 
  as for turkey there still seem to be quite some time before they join the union , with their recent freedom of press issues . 
  and fyrom politicains will have to stop stealing 90 % of their country 's money while blamming greece for it . 
  the numbers seems to fit what i know , looks correct  ( they are for 2010/2014 period ), 
  this kind of shit school need to be closed : / edit : or massively reformed . 
  in its current form they are hardly compatible with european values . 
  meanwhile in romania ? 
  most people would have assumed that being behind bars would suspend at least for the duration of the prison sentance any possibility of holding public office  _ , 
  i think he missed yet another opportunity to mind his own business, 
  well in the us stuff like leave ( let alone paid leave ) or affordable healthcare or a minimal wage where almost unheard of half a decade ago because they were too busy branding it off as `` communism '' . 
  denmark has in reality statistics similar to france ~ ~ because where kind of plagiarizing of their economics ~ ~ ( i know cargo cult approach to economics and just copying everything blindly is no good but ... ) , and switzerland runs on laundered money so ... 
  ah yes the old threat of ~ ~ but tradition is against it ~ ~ `` the rest of the world do differently ! '', 
  well ; good for them . 
  but i 'd prefer we remain a superpower than joigning them in the second or third world . 
  you are of course free to never set foot in france in your life if that country does n't suit your personnal beliefs . 
   eh , plenty of countries manage lower unemployment than france though yeah , like belarus . 
  where it 's illegal to be unemployed . 
  so people sit around 90 % of the time , earn about no wage and keep being in shit but they ca n't even look for a real job . 
  or is that a model to follow really ? 
  `` they pretend to pay us and we pretend to work '' ? 
   it seems to me that there 's an underclass of less productive workers who would get a job in other countries , but not france . 
  might as well pay people to sit at home directly so they can decide on doing something more productive with their lives imho at that point, 
  itt people still believe full employment ( as in `` a job is legally mandatory if you want to survive '' ) will ever come back, 
  no , i 'm not actually . 
  that was n't sarcastic for once , sorry :-p junker pretty much said that for several reasons : - not to add pressure on hollande with the ongoing ... labor conditions different - because we might have room for improvement if the situation in the middle east ( where we are deep to the neck ) improves - because other things might improve post ttip or if we get at least an anti tarriff agreement - big picture we are not taking money away from the eu , we are the second net contributor and paying for a lot of people 's bills . 
  that 's a noticable part of that `` overspending '' deficit ( which when put into perspective remains pretty reasonable i think ) . 
  so of course , since we 're shouldering it partly for bruxelles , they do n't really want us to stop paying . 
  - derivated from that logic , it 's a lot cheaper to let france overspend 3 % than watch greece & spain & portugal & ireland & ... finally crash & burn officially . 
  albeit italy & ireland are on the recovery road already imho . 
  hence the tolerence for `` all that crap '' i would suspect . 
  and ie it 's realistic to assume we could pass below it in less than 2 years if we are n't too unlucky ( but then , ... ), 
   he then reiterated that france should respect its current commitment to bring its deficit below 3 percent next year . 
  we should definitely strive to fill that objective , 
  oh i never heard of those . 
  ouch . 
  like time i saw scenes like that it was the 2011 t\u014dhoku tsunami in japan edit : http://www.dw.com/en/heavy-rains-cause-deadly-flooding-in-southern-germany/a-19292399 3 ppl reported dead, 
  that does n't look great : - / i know it 's war , but i 'd hope ukraine ( and kiev ) strives for the best standards ; if only to be better than the `` separatists '', 
   i hope their government puts the bar a bit higher than `` at least we 're not the worst one out there '' . 
  you know belgium is basically at least as rich and developped as say , japan or cali ? 
  so it 's getting a bit ridiculous that people imply that `` not being a failed country '' is belgium 's mo. 
  just a bit ridiculous . 
  just to underline it a bit more , bruxelles ' ( the eu capital ) there too . 
  belgium a `` failed state '' ? 
  ridiculous haha . 
  is new york a failed state too maybe ? 
   _  why do n't you look at venezuela or somalia if you want to see one . 
  it 's almost as if people who can pay their bills legally do n't need to resort to the mafia or violence anymore sarcasm apart , it 's great news to hear romania is on track and getting slowly better every years, 
  johnson 's perfectly capable of wrecking the uk without any help on our part  it 's not a threat but our relations will no longer be what they are today . '',
