  still in your fictious scenario of supply and demand he ? 
  the `` supply '' is fixed in paris , the problem is that nobody can afford it and lots sits around and lots of people are homeless . 
  not that there are no flats , which is simply false . 
   you said that there would be no case where a landlord would not want to rent out a flat . 
  you found the one disturbed psychopath , congratulation . 
  say , it 's like when you find an employer that would rather send henchmen to kill union leaders & chain their employees on the line rather than paying them a living . 
  what do you think we ought to do , give them reason and what they want ( which will only encourage them to do the same more regularly ) ? 
  or cracking down on it and jail them when they become assholes of that calibre ? 
  i 'd choose the second option , sorry . 
   so the tenant pays less than a third of the market price there is no `` market price '' when every 2 landlords owning everything agreed that the flats where all worth 10 ' 000 ' 000 euros , the rent thrice the average wage and that was it . 
  it 's a monopoly , and we 're breaking it . 
   might as well just transfer ownership to the tenant at that point . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ffqeg/paris_makes_rent_cap_regulations_a_reality/ctouny6  you can still not see how this might discourage renting out and investing in housing ? 
  i only see how dishonest bastards to try and squeeze out ever more bucks of those who ca n't at any costs . 
  and we should remind them of the limits of life in society . 
  no you are not allowed to destroy other 's peoples home to make more money . 
  disappointing . 
  i was expecting something akin to : http://imghumour.com/assets/uploads/bear-cavalry.jpg, 
  in france that would n't fly at all . 
   hidalgo says her kitchen is collapsing , and the building is in disrepair . 
  i can see the lawsuit from here . 
  1 \u00b0 ) landlords are obligated to maintain rented flats & locations in good shape . 
  in most contract the maintenance is 100 % on them ( if it 's not already by law ? 
  too lazy to check ) . 
  oh and basically if the landlord is an ass and refuse to do it ; the renters can mandate a repairmen and forward the bill to the landlord and basically collect it if he does n't pay . 
   someone broke the boiler , slashed the sewer pipes , and gutted the gas and electrical meters in the basement . 
  2 \u00b0 ) logement insalubre ( that 's costly . 
  basically by law landlords have to offer clean housing without any health risks , without infiltrated water etc etc. 
  it has to be in near-perfect shape . 
  if not and they want to stay in the housing market ; they are forced to renovate by law . ), 
  3 \u00b0 ) sabotage 4 \u00b0 ) destruction of public utilities 5 \u00b0 ) harassment 6 \u00b0 ) refusal of service  when navarro went back to check the basement it was already flooding . 
  i do n't even know where to begin on that one . 
  that 's an invitation to a hundreds of thousands of euros lawsuit . 
  the landlord would have to pay to rebuild everything , replace the renter 's stuff destroyed by the water , and the insurance would actually force them . 
  and if the judge suspect they have money to do so and did it willfully to make themselves richer at the expense of the renter , be sure it 's going to be the mistake of the landlord 's or agency 's life and they wo n't repeat that one twice looking at how must it 'll cost them . 
  the building & land would probably also be ceased by the states in the more extreme cases * on top of everything else * ( damages , repairs bills , etc ) . 
  i guess the landlord could deny everything and repair it within a week systematically on their own penny ( costly ) or scamming the insurance ( expect the premium to rise ) ; but at the third time the cops would probably stick around and catch whoever do this , figure out who is paying the one destroying the pipes ; and start jailing people . 
  if they do n't figure it out first . 
  well both are probably needed ; to push flats on the market and to keep them at affordable levels . 
  otherwise they 'll just set the price at 100k/mo and say `` strange , we do n't have any renters !, 
   you fail to understand that they may be reasonable to you , but you are n't the one making the decision of whether to rent your property for that price . 
  ah , but the gov can make that decision for you . 
  and that 's how the gov can make it livable for everyone . 
  it 's like when * the gov decide for you * what amount of tax money you are going to pay for , and if you do n't agree you can always leave . 
   in some other way , other than being forced to accept a deal that only benefits you . 
  right , that 'll have to be adresse too , true . 
  and if you do n't agree with it , too bad ; go in something else than housing market . 
  houses are to house people , not just make landlord billionaires and everyone else homeless . 
  real estate in paris is empty because of excessive regulation . 
  right . 
  the evil mismanaging gubermnent  and french inheritance laws the ones that forces redistribution so that one family do n't acquire all the wealth in the country from generation to generation while everyone else end up their serfs ? 
  i 'd say this model has worked well enough on the long run ( to limitate extreme wealth and extreme poverty ) , and it 's not going anywhere . 
  if you are not happy with it , pick another country to speculate on . 
   rent cap is n't going to do much in terms of the apartments bought for investment purposes . 
  true , this is a second part of the problem that will have to be adressed too . 
   which affect how many new apartments get build , in paris itself the game is different : you do n't * build * new . 
  in fact you generally ca n't build an new building due to regulations about everything . 
  it 's an historical city . 
  you acquire what already exists , maybe renovate , and resell or rent it . 
   which will lead to shortages in the long run , which will drive rents higher , again . 
  well ; not if it 's simply illegal to make it higher . 
   and when you take steps like these , you should want to take others to guarantee that the building of new apartments keeps up . 
  why building new ones when 25 % sits empty ? 
  we have to recover that giant unused housing sector first . 
  you do n't build a new capitale when you already have an empty one that justs sits around doing nothing . 
   tax/ban/seize empty buildings then . 
  that 'll happen at some point if the trend of rising empty housing & rising homelessness continue ; if only to house the homeless everywhere ; but people are already preparing to scream `` communism ! '', 
  and the one who sign that one will probably end up with regular assassination attempts and/or getting framed , a coup or something like it, 
   perhaps removing the incentive to rent it at all . 
  well what you say makes no sense . 
  unless you suggest that renting a flat is a net loss ( which is about absurd unless they decide to rent it 5 $ / mo which is obviously not the case here ) ; there is no case where they would not rent it . 
   if anything capping rents with increase vacancy rates . 
  again ; that 's the same `` reasonment '' that gave us the `` suppress minimal wage and it 'll create jobs and wealth '' . 
  no , it does not work that way . 
  renters will rent either way , because they wo n't suddenly decide that they stopped loving having money falling every month without doing anything about it . 
  they 'll get less , but they 'll still get free money , so yes they 'll keep renting . 
  except this time citizens can afford it so in fact more will be filled . 
  that 's not true , lots of flat are offered to rent ; at impossibly high prices . 
  they 're the ones that 'll get affected . 
  either way rent limits are only to bring it back to reasonable levels . 
  reasonable owners wo n't be affected . 
  it 's like minimal wage sorry ; there is always a good excuse for the owners to want to abolish regulations on the basis of `` muh free market and evil gubernment intruding in right to free ~ ~ scamming ~ ~ entreprise '' . 
   the problem is a shortage of flats , not an excess of rents . 
  there is no shortage ; there are 25 % of paris empty . 
  it 's extremely well known . 
  entire buildings or even street corns sit empty on ends . 
  simply because prices are ridiculously high . 
   rent caps only make the problem worse by reducing the incentive to rent out investment properties even more . 
  that 's the same bullshit that employers use to say `` we should abolish minimal wage otherwise i ca n't hire more employees '' . 
  if they have an empty flat , most people will be tempted either way to try to rent it or sell it ; because hey free money with something i do n't use . 
  if there is no control however , you only have rent that foreign billionaires like saudis and russian mafia can afford then a big part of paris sits empty ( basically right now ) . 
  relevant : http://www.thelocal.fr/20140225/housing-france-homelessness, 
  as opposed to when only the foreign richs can live in the city . 
  25 % of paris is empty . 
  and a big part of it because nobody can afford to live in it . 
  edit : relevant : http://www.thelocal.fr/20140225/housing-france-homelessness, 
  i 'm sure 4000 $ / mo or even 10-20k rent like in manhattan would be a lot better , when no french could afford to live there anymore . 
  or when every flat in central paris is sold for 3 to 10 millions ( 10 ' 000 ' 000 ) while the average wage in paris is 3/4 k/mo for the middle class . 
  i ca n't wait till we find out till his porn consumption habits get leaked while he loudly denies ever watching any and keep encouraging censoring it all like mormons `` for the childrens '' . 
  seriously is he frustrated or what ?
