  but hey fuck the frenchs because a few isolated individuals manage to slip by in calais once every months right ? 
   housing close to calais ? 
  you mean a convenient base for future attempts to enter the uk ? 
  oh come on . 
  and calais exists just to annoy the uk maybe too ? 
  you sure there is n't some russian blood in you or something ? 
  that camp is close to the old one to allow bulldozering the jungle over a couple week progressively while pushing them out of it . 
  then we entice them elsewhere in france with better conditions . 
  then , click on the link . 
  and watch the pictures and video . 
   at no point has the french government demonstrated any resolve to properly deal with the problem . 
  at no point did the english did anything else than constantly bitching , tossing a couple millions declaring it 'll magically solve everything and asked the lowly french peasants to deal with the crisis for them then complaining loudly every single second because there 's a couple incident from time to time . 
  ps : your real social problem ( people that refuse firmly to integrate ) come from pakistan but you gave them even more visa than we allowed illegals to come in the whole of europe last year and yet you only complain about the hundreds that make it illegally each year from france or so . 
  and then bitch some more about how we did n't already solved everything for the uk . 
  really , the entitlement . 
  yes , yes we do . 
  we even built housing closeby for that very recently . 
   i 'd hardly call the huge camps around calais `` hiding '' . 
  [ `` jungle '' which is ( currently ) getting emptied/demolished ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/12106792/migrant-crisis-bulldozers-start-clearing-parts-of-calais-jungle-in-peaceful-operation.html ) , which is exactly why they made a run for the ferry and hide away . 
   send in the army . 
  gather them up serious amounts of police is busy preping to do just that  transport them to an offshore facility in africa for processing . 
  they have a proper facility waiting for them ( but in france )  if asylum is rejected , tell them they are free to leave . 
  they can apply for asylum . 
  the problem is ... they do n't want to because they do n't want to stay in france , they want to stay in the uk . 
  so we tell them `` apply in france or get evicted '' , but hey now a part of them hide so it 's not that easy . 
   gaudin said that some of the refugees had decided to quit the boat voluntarily and that the rest would be removed by police , if necessary by force . 
  unemployment is another different problem that has already spiraled out of control a long time ago , or even a good decade . 
  ( 25 + % youth unemployment in most eu countries , 15-20 % real unemployment hidden with various means like extreme precarity with 4h/week or empty training ; 30-60 % in some countries in terrible shape like greece ) in europe with our current economy , full employment is likely never going to come back . 
  which is why it 's important to look into possible welfare schemes and various strategies that could prevent largescale poverty from eating our entire society from the inside . 
   the chancellor , george osborne , wants to crack down on technology firms avoiding uk tax through ` double irish ' arrangements . 
  what are these schemes and will his new measures work ? 
  good start . 
  you have the money so pay your taxes !, 
  so de facto the police will have to double their effectives . 
  they downscaled way too much in the ten last years ( apparently they / 10 their police force ? ) . 
  at least it 's another problem that can be reduced to `` finding some additionnal money to pay them '' . 
   that equates to 1,100 extra officers , he added - on top of 33,000 federal police officers already assigned to tasks such as patrolling german airports , railway stations , trains , guarding federal facilities and coastal waters , tackling organized crime , and providing crowd control during weekend football matches . 
  radek said an interior ministry plan to create 3,000 new positions over the next three years would not help the federal police struggling to cope with the current refugee crisis . 
  ca n't they `` borrow '' ex cops who moved on to something else , with lots of money to attract them in position ? 
  in france we also rotated in military police ( `` gendarmes '' ) and some military personnal with bonuses ( they 're reassigned , they do n't get to play with tanks ofc ) . 
  that 's the kind of moments that makes me regret the lack of an official federal police that can just barge in , show the evidence and handcuff him . 
  i can see it 's a problem if half the cops are in a chain of command in the corruption game . 
   for example , there was a resident who came to me with a deportation document and wanted to know what would happen . 
  i explained it to him , and he left . 
  shortly thereafter he went to one of my colleagues and suddenly showed completely new identification papers under a different name and said , he is this person with this other name . 
  as a consequence he was n't deported but moved to a different location . 
  papers needs to be bound to fingerprints & controled . 
  that would prevent that kind of deportation dodging . 
   yet that did n't help ; it 's even gotten worse -- honestly : especially in the last weeks as more and more men from north africa , morocco , tunisia or libya come to us here in this facility . 
  they were even more aggressive . 
  at that point i could n't just ignore it anymore -- and reacted . 
  in order to not subject myself to it anymore . 
  well , time to close the borders i 'd say . 
  a constant security detachment in such centers would also look like appropriate, 
  kdp and puk+g oran pesh are kind of rivals . 
  edit : edited, 
   like it 's been said here , seems like a reverse maidan on one side you the corrupt pro-eu on the other you have the corrupt pro-russia , i 'd say just unite with romania , but then you 'd have the corrupt romanians , you guys ca n't catch a break :( meh , they seems more interested in removing one pro eu corrupt oligarch ( plahotniuc ) . 
  would n't it smarter to simply remove him ? 
   _  as in , kick plahotniuc out of power/arrest him for corruption , and if the protests keep going strong run new elections \\* shrugs *, 
   these cunts play their power games while the regular people still suffer in a country were the average wage is lower than some african countries . 
  then they wonder why people grab torchs & pitchforks . 
  so essentially they are trying to get to an oligarch hiding behind the parliament and rows of cops ? 
  edit : police later pushed the protesters back but they forced their way into the legislature again . 
  police then sent in reinforcements and protesters were later forced out . 
  would n't want to be the guy hated by so many people tho, 
  there 's already 2.5 m registered : * 2,503,549 registered by unhcr * ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugees_of_the_syrian_civil_war ) and a lot do n't register because they try running to europe but get stuck in turkey . 
  i can only make estimations based on numbers on our side tho , but generally 1/3 to 1/2 have some kind of registration when controled . 
  that 's only declared numbers . 
  you can double that number for illegals most of the time . 
  ( 1 refugee on 3 declared , that is ), 
  some still went above & beyond the call of duty in that crisis : germany , sweden , lebanon , ... and you really ca n't accuse either other countries to have ignored it . 
  despite recriminations and all we blame them of , turkey still host & feed no less than * 3 million refugees * ( ! ), 
  in excellent condition as far as i know , lebanon has 1.5 declared and 5m illegals , jordan 1 or 2 , france a couple too , greece too , italy too , ... 
  that you helped people and might have been sometime a bit too generous clearly ( to the point of causing bulk moves ) does n't mean you have to agree at any level with covering criminals . 
  a guy like that should be a decade behind bars and/or kept out of europe  where are those cheering people now anyway ? 
  i guess i 'm one of them edit : got banned from / r/europe . 
  what . 
  the . 
  fuck are you smoking . 
   this is why i keep repeating , no matter how europe chooses to deal with the refugee crisis , securing its external borders and ** enforcing existing regulations on properly identifying and fingerprinting irregular immigrants is an absolute must . 
  ** this , especially the bolded part . 
  somebody do it please ? 
  you got to be fuckin kiddin . 
  and he was n't jailed ? 
  do n't cover up , arrest & jail/deport . 
   the funny thing is that it does create jobs in belgium . 
  companies that would have otherwise opened in france or germany decide to go to belgium instead not really . 
  by then they already decided to open in both because hey as long as it 's profitable a company will never reject a free euro . 
  that 's why they are * international * megacorps and not belgium one . 
  when mcdonalds opens a mcdonalds in belgium , they wo n't close/cancel one in france , or even avoid opening one in belgium if it still brings in cash . 
  no , they are going to open one in belgium regardless but in that case they do n't pay taxes , and pump more sales money out of the economy to their bahamas tax-exempt accounts than they will ever make circulate in belgium . 
  it 's a net loss for the country & economy . 
  it would in fact be a lot more efficient for the state to refuse . 
  even in the ridiculous case mcdonalds decide not to open in belgium out of sheer spite , it 's still more efficient for the state to give half the money that would have been lost otherwise in welfare and pocket the rest . 
  i 'm less worried about immigrants themselves that the 1 or 5 % criminal that comes with it  i 'm just telling you why `` arrest & deport '' is n't going to happen . 
  we can always start with the arrest & jail for the criminals then, 
  for starter , we do n't have to accept their citizens without a visa technically speaking . 
  and for people coming out of warzones , we can always lock them up in the mean time if they do anything like that . 
  if countries at peace refuse taking them back , stop handing them over any visa for any reasons . 
  see how long they keep saying the same .
