  if it was opened on the other side of the country people simply would n't go there in the same numbers . 
  sangatte was ( abusively ? ), 
  closed which led to the current jungle and a lot of uk screams . 
  now we try inching toward closing the jungle & reopening a proper sangatte housing camp and you complain of it too ? 
   .  besides , having refugees filling paperwork for a place in the new sangatte would help documenting them a bit too . 
  france still has it 's footing as of now . 
  it 's germany 's that 's in trouble currently : / altho there should be no tolerence for benefit shopping this is true . 
  agreeing to asylum = okay you can get in europe & live in europe . 
  does n't say anything about * everyone * being in germany or france specifically . 
  there 's going to be a lot of luck involved in that sorry , but there are definitely worse places than even the poorest zones of europe, 
  okay , that might actually have been a bit wrong ( and wrong on my part for supporting it before ) . 
  re establishing quotas might help handling the flow . 
  especially now : x, 
   would you really like to go back to work for a better paycheck ? 
  what if you can cumulate both the pension and a 2k/mo paycheck on top ? 
   _  then they 're not all in their 60 's . 
  some might be younger and gone elsewhere for a variety of reasons, 
   it does n't matter who those people are or where they come from . 
  they 're repugnant criminals and need to be brought to justice . 
  any silence does nothing but harm the victims . 
  100 % agreed . 
  do n't cover for actual criminals , if possible help pushing their arrest . 
  the less criminals walking around free , the better for everyone, 
  ca n't they try recruiting former cops as a fill in for the moment ? 
  there has to be some that were n't kicked out for serious stuff and could be enticed back with a better paycheck and 2 week updating crash course, 
  by definition , justice is blind and does not discriminate based on your skin color , name or origin . 
  the second you decide the law do n't apply to people you do n't like is the day you go on a path where you will open guantanamos . 
  europe 's rich enough to afford proper prisons . 
  i think the cdu has been in power in germany for a long time ( and democratically ) ? 
  they can probably afford to think long term , no ? 
  i always assumed it was one of the great strengths of the german gov 's lucky stability . 
   sure but money is the issue here supplementary police wage funds could be coming from the refugee crisis emergency funds, 
  but they would because they would save money vis \u00e0 vis doing damage control ( which is a lot costlier ) . 
  i guess they could recruit a bit more and pay officers a bit more to attract a lot more while keeping standards . 
  that 's a bit more money but cheaper than tossing dozens million worth of ressources at every scandal incoming :\\, 
  europe does not apply the death penalty on prisonners . 
  ... i do n't think we heard much demands from danemark to leave the eu ... 
  yeah right . 
  check out the ages there : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/12050930/eu-referendum-who-are-britains-inners-and-outers.html and especially the `` should uk remain in the eu or leave ? 
  by working status '' . 
  all the retirees that want to leave to kick out `` the foreigners '' but want to keep the exact same rights for themselves in france . 
  and most of the uk immigrants are old geezers who will likely never work a day in their life here either way . 
  so i find it pretty ironic that they argue the rest of the eu leech on them . 
  they want to close all borders to the eu ( especially cutting them welfare ) but they want a nice cheap house & welfare in other eu countries . 
  edit : just for the records , i 'd support giving blanket residency to english citizens that have been in france 2 + years and/or working citizens or students ( people who can justify an activity ) , or have family/relatives there , or own a home , if the uk leave . 
  but i ca n't help but point out the cognitive dissonance some of the leave voter goes throught . 
  i think it 's hilarious . 
  they all want to leave the eu in mass because they dislike `` france encroaching on our sovereignty '' and paying taxes and lazy non working dirty eu foreigners immigrants doing nothing but who steals all our jerbs and welfare ; but the second people stop looking they all immigrate here for their rainy days and start asking for welfare and state paid healthcare . 
  ... what ? 
  your posts are more and more confused . 
  are you drunk ? 
   mouthbreathing hyperbole !, 
  so you advocate abolishing/ignoring human rights for people you do n't like ( quoting : '' * `` and no doubt they would be executed by those regimes . 
  i do not see that we have an obligation to protect their rights '' * '' or '' * i do not think that european nations have any obligation to stand up for the rights of people * '' ) and i 'm the one `` mouthbreating hyperbole '' ? 
  you 'd make a damn fine republican politician if you can keep your hypocritic lying at that level  you might as well just have said `` fuck you '' well then i will : fuck you for thinking human rights are optional , especially in europe where we can easily afford them ( because if anyone really can easily on earth it 's us . ), 
   because that 's all your idiocy amounts to . 
  ah yes when you have nothing to say just call the other guy an idiot, 
  and this is definitely a problem, 
  is it worse than mixing them with the general pop and watch them triple the wannabe jihadi headcount ? 
  i do have to admit something like it crossed my mind , but they 'll never be trusted with a gun so no `` as in '' . 
  i think we might have to do more than question our immigration policies in europe . 
  probably revise them heavily . 
  by closing the borders and picking from refugees camps in turkey & morroco & such & possibly even deporting back a number of them starting by identified economic migrants & from problematic origin zone when possible : / ( with a possible caveat for educated citizens ), 
  generally when you get life you get released after 20 years most of the time , unless we can prove exceptional crimes like if you were dumb enough to film yourself beheading people or if you were a serial rapist caught with proofs or you go the breivik psycho way . 
   there are enough people that they are essentially a fungible commodity . 
  ah yes , quoting joseph staline . 
  just what we needed . 
   but i would support extraditing them to the regimes against which they committed their crimes which , in iraq case , is just a nice way to let somebody else press the button and telling your own population you have nothing to do with their execution since you did n't pressed the trigger yourself you left it to the iraqi henchmen . 
  really . 
  so when the mafia boss order a hundred hits you think he 's innocent then ? 
   i do not see that we have an obligation to protect their rights in these specific cases , careful , that 's how it started in the usa with 09/11 . 
   we are proposing putting people in jail for something they did abroad , but we already have laws in place for that , as we do for joining foreign fighting forces . 
  but we do not apply them because we are refusing to treat muslims as equals , well we should apply them . 
  and including the part about not extrading people that will certainly be executed that you do n't like about . 
   we should treat someone who fought in the jihad exactly as we would someone who joined any other rebel group . 
  lol , that 's ridiculous . 
  you have obviously no idea what you are talking about . 
  you ca n't treat everyone who had a gun in their hands in their life like every members of the daesh mass rapists apocalyptic death cultists . 
   in short , i do not think that european nations have any obligation to stand up for the rights of people who reject those rights , well do n't forgot to send us a postcard from your next holidays in guantanamo then i guess ? 
   i believe taking them in and even putting them in prison here will make us a base for terrorist activity worldwide . 
  our own soft policy would be directly responsible for terrorism , domestic and abroad . 
  aka war on terror 3.0 . 
  people like you never learn , do they ? 
   being soft on jihadi 's sends the signal that we are weak i 'm sorry , being busy razing them to the ground in syria/iraq since 2 years is n't enough for you ? 
  * for fuck 's sake * . 
   i have even seen a professor at a university have a seminar about how bataclan was our fault for being `` racist '' against muslims !, 
  ah yes because one idiot made an idiot point we should all litterally start another war on terror ? 
  what the fuck ? 
   these people also exist in an uncomfortable limbo between supporting terrorism and condemning it `` if you do n't agree with me you are against us and litterally a terrorist from al quaeda ! '', 
  what the fuck man \u00b2 ? 
  thieves do n't try radicalizing other big time . 
  i only suggest proper jail conditions , not setting them free . 
  ie separate wing + proper rehabilitation program after ( or during , of course ) the jail time . 
  it 's not a pass around jail , of course . 
   regretably , in this case . 
  oh you would rather be in an occidental country with death penalty ? 
  no issue , america 's that way . 
  you just need to show up a biometric passeport to pass the border , no need for a visa . 
  here 's your plane ticket and 100 $ for the road, 
  europe proper is n't at war .
