   also , remember that until very recently ( well , maybe still ... ) , the eu was talking about redistribution . 
  as a migrant , you 've no idea where you might be redistributed -- you might spend a year learning german and then be dumped in france , so you probably do n't want to commit many resources to it . 
  excellent point . 
  tho english is pretty usefull everywhere , it 's the de facto lingua franca currently . 
  having rudiments in it ca n't hurt no matter where you go i think : x, 
   it would n't work in the europe , if the credentialed liars on television in the united states are anything to go by . 
  the us tvs like fox are massive liars because nobody cares to check and nobody cares to enforce any rules when they make entire prime time news programs out of lies . 
   we have neurosurgeons and gynocologists running for president who do n't believe in evolution . 
  we have heart surgeons who openly say psuedoscience shit everyday ( dr. oz ) . 
  you do have a problem with fundamentalistic christianism . 
  i 'm not joking . 
  some of the republicans takes it as far as the ayatollahs . 
   it 's better to train the populace to smell bullshit . 
  failing that , our democracies are doomed . 
  there is too much information floating around for people to have time to check it all . 
  that 's how they get away with it . 
  by pushing it to propaganda levels . 
  making outright lies on prime time illegal & sanctionned would be a good start . 
   air quality in paris gets worse than in beijing seems legit . 
  paris `` red alert '' pollution peak : http://skift.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/wpid-thumbnail-27e08ed6c96567b66ec534b9887475bf-1280x835.jpeg ( visibility ? 
  5km ) pollution beijing day : http://i2.wp.com/www.chinasmack.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/beijing-dense-fog-pollution-01.jpg ( visibility ? 
  500m ) beijing is n't chocking due to car pollution btw but because all their industries run on very large amounts of cheap coal & they all save money on buying air exhaust filters . 
  which is n't happening in france . 
  apparently the indians found a vaccine ? 
  i understand it 's not easy ( and i 'm kind of an ass here ) . 
  but integration means they have to be able to communicate with other people around them : / hence the language is an important step, 
   and you know that because ... ?!, 
  well because you can find some for a few euros secondhand and they have dozens if not hundreds of euros spare frequently if they paid smugglers thousands ? 
  edit i 'm thinking if nothing else it 's true austria could probably have language textbooks made available for free to the ones interested . 
  it 's probably not the hardest thing to find ( schools replace them very frequently in europe so i 'm sure they can find some stock of `` old '' editions ), 
  most of them have internet access and/or sufficient ressources to pick up a few old language textbooks to study which could prove useful since they have a lot of free time . 
  i mean if nothing else you can just type `` learning german free '' on google, 
   if they wanted to truly do it properly and immigrate they would have gone through proper channels they do n't always have that option . 
  but you are definitely right in pointing out that not even learning the language definitely is n't stacking the odds in their favor . 
  learning german and/or english and more about the local culture & laws should be the first thing they should attempt regardless of their situation . 
  hell if even an idiot like me could pick up some english , so can they , no excuses there, 
  france 's pretty neutral on that one . 
  it 's not affecting social stability or large number of lives so it 's the last of our worries right now tbh . 
  plus a drive for electric vehicles would help further the environment than complaining about the immediate emission standards of cars , and less economically damaging for germany ( and therefore the eu ) . 
  ( and air pollution remains currently mild in the eu so we can handle the env . 
  hit in the immediate ), 
  reality settling back on the other side too ? 
  well not necessarily , if it helps turkey managing the couple millions people they host ... 
  more news to be enthusiast about !, 
  hopefully fusion reactors will replace aging npps & all associated risks at some point not too far . 
   announced by vice prime minister etienne schneider , who is also the nation 's economics minister , the initiative has already lured u.s.-based deep space industries of mountain view , california , to create a luxembourg subsidiary . 
  schneider said other u.s. companies , including spacex of hawthorne , california , and planetary resources of redmond , washington , are in talks with luxembourg authorities regarding the spaceresources.lu venture . 
  well well well , looks like the big names are coming :o) good , good  schneider cautioned that luxembourg is not offering tax haven-type advantages . 
  `` there is no special tax treatment for these companies , '' he said . 
  `` companies will be coming for the infrastructure we have here and for the r&d support we are going to give them . '' excellent !, 
   `` our r&d system gives me the opportunity to reimburse 45 percent of the company 's r&d investment , '' schneider said . 
  `` it 's quite attractive for international companies to do their r&d in luxembourg . 
  - see this is the kind of investment that can pay itself tenfold ( and them some more ) a couple decades down the line if ( when ) we finally get decent access up there . 
  can we ( luxembourg or the esa or eu , anyway locals ) get shares in companies ( or eu branchs ) in exchange ? 
  that 'd be really nice . 
  buy some !, 
  invest !, 
  if successful , this could be our ticket for the futur !, 
  the more space tech existing around , the better . 
  and if we can bolster aging oil-based economies with space-age ressources ones , the better ... 
  seriously we should try making a law in eu countries saying it 's illegal to qualify somebody as an expert on tv without 1 \u00b0 ) indicating what 's his domain of expertise is 2 \u00b0 ) without the person being able to justify experience or diplomas or work or studies or writing a book in the domain etc. 
  that would reduce outright proven propaganda in front of millions . 
  that looks like a pretty reasonable speech . 
   there are therefore no good options . 
  we have to ask ourselves whether we aim to protect europe 's values and people , and those who are truly in acute danger , or inflexibly stick to the letter of our international obligations with no regard for the consequences . 
  hard to argue when you put it that way  our values will give way if our capacity to cope is exceeded i have to admit that 's a risk people have to consider when policy-making . 
   or at least limit the number of entrants that seem reasonable . 
  it means mostly we have to find a solution to handle the `` overflow '' ( when there is too much people at once ) . 
  a reasonable solution would be to keep pushing to find and build an offshore location , allowing to offer asylum even when in doubt without swamping beyond capacity european countries . 
  countries hosting large amounts of migrants should also receive a bit of money to help them to manage & receive them without cracking . 
  we are writing agreements with turkey , but lebanon and jordan should also be considered to receive help ( both put together host like 10 million additionnal people ) . 
   and , most of all , immediately return wrongdoers . 
  yeah that 's something we should do , and i 'd say even nearly regardless of the current laws tbh . 
  i 'd almost say just secure a strip in libya since there 's no gov left that can really oppose it , and deport people out there when you can to other locations . 
  that would actually be realistic policy . 
  ( if you commit something serious like harrasing people you are breaching the western social contract , your own mistake & loss . ) . 
  jail & deport criminals, 
   title just says `` expert '' does n't say what he 's an expert at . 
   computer science . 
  looks like another of fox 's `` experts '' haha, 
  well , i mean going from eu membership to a basic remote trade partner like mexico on the other side of the world , i think that would rather be the short end of the stick for britain ; but that 's possibly just me . 
   and how it does it ? 
  well if the uk leave , they loose all official saying in the eu political apparatus ... like voting for laws or potential vetos , participating in budgets decisions or an at-will seat in eu diplomacy meetings . 
  or aggro subsidies , etc. 
  basically anything the eu officially grants them as member rights ( edit : of course i expect people would still pick up the phone if mr cameron call , but that would offically loose a lot of weight ... ), 
   `` i ca n't be effective under such a system . 
  it is impossible for technocrats to work with guys that want to usurp power , and make processes un-transparent , '' he said . 
  how about he start making a public list of corrupt names so they know who to push out ? 
  i see every country lowers it by 1/3 of it ( france 15  10 % ) at least . 
  now that 's proper policy . 
  and coming from hungary of all countries ? 
   big thumbs up !, 
  but did they got visited by the three ghosts ? 
   the eu has a fta with fucking mexico . . 
  so you uh want to take mexico 's place in relations with the eu instead of membership ? 
  you 're aware you 'd basically loose every say in eu 's politics and get totally screwed over big time ? 
  i mean mexico derivates some money from it but they do n't have to live with diplomatic fallouts of crisis since they live an ocean away ; whereas the uk could potentially suffer side effects without having a word in . 
  like a bigger economic crash in greece where they 'd loose all investments or something similar . 
  plus every time something happen in mexico the us handle it for them . 
  i doubt the uk could get the same luxury .
