   no sorry corporate lobbyists should n't have the right `` to talk too '' , these people are the parasites of our political system people have a right to talk to the state , even if they are member of a corporation . 
  i 'm not saying that `` corporation is people '' , because we all know that 's not true . 
  but i do n't see why ceo 's or their aid should ` nt be allowed to talk to their representants just as much as everyone else . 
   until then we have a thing called voting where we elect our representatives should we ban people from seeing or talking to their representatives ? 
   btw as far as i know dna is n't a eu organization . 
  officially because national sovereignty and all ; unofficially they are backed  it seems to me that your country is the one making real efforts to stop high-level corruption and it 's doing a much , much better job than eu . 
  uh i 'm french ( well european above all but ... ) , but i used them because they 're a case i know about that 's all, 
   italy almost equal with romania i disagree , there is no comparison . 
  you do n't need to pay a bribe to withdraw 100 $ cash money at the bank in italy . 
  the cops do n't ask for money to hand you back your papers after a random id check . 
   portugal more corrupt than estonia spain more corrupt than poland . 
  estonia and poland are the 2 exceptions tho :p estonia tries everything working in scandinavia , it 's almost a running gag . 
  poland is trying to imitate germany & austria . 
  greece is a corruption disaster tho , agreed . 
  if we do n't stand together , at some point the politicians that love to blame their neighbors for everything going wrong will win . 
  i 'm talking about people like the french front national or the golden dawn . 
  tossing the eu somewhat working as a reality at their face remains one of our best argument against their hate speech . 
   you are a retard . 
  there , i said it . 
  feel better ? 
  ;-)  so , how do you get your 10 % number from ? 
  did you just make it up ? 
  https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_en_france#appartenance_religieuse_des_fran.c3.a7ais i did exagerate a bit the `` christian '' bit because a lot are uh . 
  ethnic catholics ? 
  but do n't declare themselves of the religion . 
  which is why i treat them as a minority . 
   so , yes , 28.5 % of newborns in france have a background from this muslim region . 
  on the first gen it used to be that 20 years ago . 
  that change tho ; but there were a number of reasons : - not enough kids for population renewal at first . 
  it means we have an incentive issue - why ? 
  because it costs way too much to rise a kid nowaday . 
  we have a huge social problem there . 
  lack of day care , school costing too much ( and the nationalists wants to abolish free university on top of this ??? 
  ) ; healthcare costs too much , you need to take days off to take care of your kids ( past the initial maternal paid leave ) and with poverty and all wages at the legal minimum nowadays ( ie you live from paycheck to paycheck ) ** it 's a major issue imho ** . 
  one we should work on more than just blamming immigrants . 
  our current population is not getting renewed , but aging , and fast , and we have yet no technical solution to it . 
  it 's getting looked into finally since a few years , but we 're wayyyyyyyy too late on it . 
  - it 's funny to say but once they get used to contraception and start looking at our society , second or third generation immigrants have less kids themselves than their parents who came in with foreign values at the start . 
  the integrated citizens fall a lot more in line with the rest of the statistics . 
   55.68 % of the province that includes paris are of mena background . 
  mena background include anyone who had connections to french algeria ( or in a lesser mesure , morroco , tunisia ) , which is a major part of the population whether they are `` current immigrants '' or not . 
  it 's like saying `` x % of the usa are immigrants because a big part have roots that can be traced to the uk or the rest of europe '' . 
  by current standards they simply are part of our citizens . 
  edit : i 'm willing to believe 25 % ( maybe 35 % ! ), 
  of the parisian comes from abroad since it 's a big international city , including other eu citizens , but not 55 % mena . 
  i frequently pass in paris , it 's quite clear it 's not the case . 
   screening-for-sickle-cell-disease-in-france1 . pdf well that article do seems to offer solutions to that rare genetic flaw with pre natal screenings and treatments ? 
   do you have any actual data to back up your ' 10 % ? ', 
  no , you do n't , well see above , in fact it 's 6 % . 
   brussels is a festering shithole infested with corporate lobbyists as much as i hate it , i think they have a right to talk too . 
  but the second they give money or bribes , we need to arrest them . 
  the problem imho is we lack the equivalent of syndicates . 
  pro citizens lobbyist groups with really our best interests in mind . 
  those are too rare to counter balance the corporatists . 
   and banking scumbags ... i do agree there . 
  and it 's a serious problem because they outright control luxembourg & switzerland too . 
   while the council and its satellite organizations make all the decisions . 
  there is indeed a lack of direct democracy , and that needs reforms . 
  agreed too !, 
  eu might help with the low level corruption , maybe a cop or a mayor here and there , but with high level corruption of corporations and bankers no , no way in hell you know prime minister ponta resigned and is currently investigated ? 
  http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-06-05/prosecutors-launch-criminal-investigation-against-romanian-pm/6526492 while it clearly do n't solve everything , that gives me a bit of hope . 
  we need to end the `` above the law '' statut of high level politicians , that would send a good signal . 
   and current system is better ? 
  it 's the less worse we have without forcing immediate further integration , which would make quite a number of countries scream about ignoring their national sovereignty . 
  just watch the uk already complaining how we intrude in their country . 
   many in eu does n't want see hollande or merkel to even pretend they lead eu , we do n't want to have leaders who are president of france and canceler of germany , because we ca n't vote for people who will be those positions . 
  that 's a fair point tho . 
  we would need to have a general direct election europe wide . 
  i had in mind a scenario where they would be voted in power from the list of eu leaders ( presidents , prime ministers , chancelors , etc ) as who would lead the continent currently , sorry . 
  but , it 's true we need more direct democracy there before integrating further . 
  excellent point . 
  i definitely would n't mind eu wide elections from candidates of eu parliament parties or various countries . 
   i think that many eastern european countries are less corrupt than the south european ones . 
  you should visit romania or hungaria one of those days . 
   lol you talk about corruption in east europe when you practice legalized corruption in western europe . 
  i fully endorse arresting corrupt politicians , tax investigations and fraud crackdowns . 
   how come blair is worth 100m 10 years after leaving office ? 
  ask the uk , they are busy leaving the eu or blocking it 's influence at least . 
  we have no control over the uk system at that level . 
  the torries made sure of that . 
  the uk/us are out of our reach . 
   the majority of the 2 million would most likely be able to resettle . 
  ... have you seen what he does to people he grants `` amnesty '' ? 
  about the same than saddam . 
  no , either the fsa still have enough firepower to defend their survival ( or at least hide behind the sdf or southern front ) when signing a cease fire & peace , or he will kill them all . 
  i agree they will have to stop shooting at him . 
  but the `` outright surrender , back assad killing all the fsa '' is not an option . 
   again , i said it was a bad option . 
  or so it would appear : /, 
   eu is the one that actually caused most of these because of its rampant corruption riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight . 
  please tell me how it 's the eu that is fostering corruption in eastern europe right now as opposed to running anti corruption investigation . 
  obviously the romanian politicians are the good non corrupt people and tax control operative from western countries are the corrupt ones / s, 
   you have not a word of concern for france becoming islamic majority by the middle of the century ; i do n't know in what twisted universe with strange mathematics and reality you live , but 10 % muslim in france and 3 % in europe does n't , and will never qualify as a `` majority '' . 
   you have no concern with french becoming oppressed minorities in their own countries oppressed 90 % minorities ? 
   you have no concern with french becoming oppressed minorities in their own countries what are you smoking ? 
   no concern that paris in 2015 is 55 % mena , this is a complete fantasy . 
   no genuine concern for france whatsoever . 
  why do n't you start using the word you want to use , `` aryan frenchs '' ? 
  oh , is it too politically charged for your liking ? 
   every ` concern ' you 've voiced is a blatant lie look at whose speaking ?
