  abortion is not `` murder '' , and you have no right over the personnal decisions of other people . 
  and , above all , you are not allowed to condemn the mother to death just to `` baptise '' some non viable experiment of yours . 
  especially since we both know that this `` religious moral '' is only used to attack other people and that the biggested bible thumpers are also the biggest party animals in secret and biggest porn consumers . 
  if we wanted europe to be oppressed by a sharia religious police we 'd have imitated iran , not the revolution 's . 
   then somehow linking that with conservative republicans running poland well ; there is that interesting phonecall where a certain former minister commented that poland was giving `` blowjobs '' to some american friends . 
  remember that comment from trump how about women are just something `` to be grabbed by the pussy '' ? 
  that 's the mentality that run in the deep republican party . 
  and those guys are the ones backing pis in poland ( which is why the party goes full retard , to please it 's radical conservative american friends ) . 
  this is political terrorism . 
  edit ( as to why i say `` deep party '' ; that used to be the so called `` deep state '' . 
  but now since there is basically again two parties with the democrat victory in 2008 ; the old `` deep state '' partly retreated behind the republican party . 
  but obviously they still have all their connections abroad and still ca n't help themselves but to spread their religion at gun or blackmail point < insert here sikorski phonecall  ), 
  just ask the neocons that got planned parenthood bombed in texas `` in the name of god '' or some shit ? 
  seriously i ca n't believe this , i thought this kind of right wing shit died with caucescu . 
  but noooo , pis had to restart heading the same way, 
   oh great , causing heartbreak or even a trauma for the mother and suffering for the baby to satisfy religious beliefs the mother might not even share . 
  well of course they are salafists so they want to force their religion on the entire country regardless of the costs . 
  what do you expect . 
  errh . 
  if somebody took 100 gbp to import some piece of equipment or product before , it 'll cost them 150 to 250 after hard brexit . 
  how should they `` embrace '' this ? 
  erhh maybe not lol . 
  the point is to provide medical care and an open door for addicts that want to be rehabilitated & at least preventing some overdose death ; not shame them, 
  poland can into space ? 
   it 's even in their flag : wheat field under a blue sky [ admittedly it 's a beautiful flag yes ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/3c/77/6d/3c776d689e2173069654f0b7962ee8c6.jpg ), 
   people who live in that city ? 
  :d it 's my hometown !, 
  granted however , that building is quite ugly haha, 
   the message , uploaded to social media sites facebook , instagram and snapchat , read : `` well then good news , you probably can easily find out who posted that shit & arrest them, 
   it just means that the general 1.2 - 1.1 rate to dollar is there to stay for good . 
  and this is sad for everyone . 
  probably not . 
  if they hard brexit and break all ties ( like it looks like they 're going to ) it 's going to reach 1 gbp = 0.6 / 0.7 eur . 
  that said current rate is 1.2 / 1.3 . 
  airport are just notorious for taking like 20-30 % conversion cuts on your money and a terrible place to swap your currency when you travel . 
  it 's like buying uah with euros at official rate . 
  you 'll get like 1 = 20-25 while you can get 40-50 by asking to random citizens ( ie trading a 10eur note for a 500 uah one ), 
  part 1 of [ exomars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exomars#mission_objectives ) mission ; includes instruments both built by the european esa and russian roscosmos if i remember correctly ; it 's basically part of the study on weather and survivability conditions, 
   have you seen the spanish nimbers for the last century ? 
  :d yeah it 'd be like trying to pillage greece . 
  too late , the bankers went there first :d, 
  meh i think it 's kindah cute :p plus they have interesting food ideas to note for later haha, 
  nice work from them , 
   230 volts , 10a , out of the `` regular '' plug at home , takes 33 hours , though , so this is obviously not an option . 
  from totally dry to totally full . 
  if you just commute every day , you are n't likely to use more than 10-20 % of the battery in a given day so you can just plug it when arriving home ( or even arriving at work ? ), 
  and it 's not going to be a problem even if you use shitty a 220v adapter ; because 10h of charging every night from 75 + % already charged ...  but in bulk , we 're still confronted with crammed cities , huge housing blocks , not enough space and many cars , that need to be charged . 
  in france a lot of housing blocks have underground parking slots with typically 1 place for every flat in the block . 
  would n't be very hard to wire a power plug in front of each place . 
  is the situation very different in germany ? 
  it 's not about the current election or russian funding ; note . 
  here the accusation is the contrary ( they took money from campaign funding from the state and put it in their own personnal pockets ) . 
  there was quite a lot of financial fraud in past elections . 
  not that sarkozy was any cleaner lol ; but those are separate inquiries . 
  of course the fn 's case draw more attention because they try to pretend ( present ? ), 
  themselves the mainstream persecuted opposition . 
  however , that 's not an excuse or pass to steal so much money imho . 
   rudd , who was forced to defend herself on radio against allegations of xenophobia , also announced a crackdown on overseas students and work visas , and pledged to prevent migrants `` taking jobs british people could do '' . 
  the reason there is a lack of jobs is n't because there are a few polish citizens around . 
  the reason there is a lack of job is because employers would rather have in asia unpaid asian prisonners and pakistani sweet shops or even indians paid 2 # / day do their work for them for free or nearly to maximise their profit margins . 
  how about cracking down on mass delocalization instead ? 
  imho if they had to pay people a living in england there would n't be such a problem . 
  are you really removing your some of your experts just to make a xenophobic point ; while in the middle of a crucial lack of trade & agreement expertise to prepare brexit ? 
  oo edit  a spokesman denied non-british nationals had been barred from the work , saying it had been misunderstood . 
  `` the fco regularly works with academic institutions to assist in its policy research and nothing has changed as a result of the referendum , '' a spokesman said . 
   `` it has always been the case that anyone working in the fco may require security clearance depending on the nature and duration of their work . 
  britain is an outward-looking nation and we will continue to take advice from the best and brightest minds , regardless of nationality . '', 
  that shit once again ? 
  do we really need to restart the works on the shielding facility in poland just to make those rockets useless ? 
  ( is it bad if i cheer openly ? 
   1 ) we have strong divergences on how international incidents are handled yup . 
  that 's probably comes from watching bodies piling up . 
   ultimately flawed and really here not that relevant both falklands and said scenario are limited conventional engagement that still lead to large destruction of military assets of both sides over 20 square centimeters of sea coast for purely national pride reasons  spain is not putinist russia or junta-led argentina because they feel the fire podemos commies lighted under their seat . 
  otherwise you can bet they would have went full right wing franco revival junta that start wars to distract from the economy just like the greeks during cyprus ; or say , a golden dawn led greece . 
   and gibraltar is not thousands-of-kilometers away falklands nor geostrategically essential crimea . 
  cyprus is n't that far from athens either . 
  ukraine is n't that far from the eu either . 
   otherwise you lose time and stress on things that are near-absolutely sure to never happen . 
  and when they do happen because of murphy 's law , it 's time to rise your arms , run around and yell `` what do i do now ? '', 
   making catastrophic scenarii is useless , i 'm sorry ? 
  no , assuming worst cases and making contingency plans for them is pretty usefull . 
   and this one is neither likely nor credible the fact that they rammed a commercial boat that has no trace , that it did n't killed anyone and that made it to dry dock before sinking was a chain of lucky coincidences , nothing else . 
   there is diplomatical and economical tools before military ones yet the neocons ' first reaction was sending the submarines . 
   countries enter a war if they deem that they have a cost/benefit interest in doing so and plan a bit before this tell that to argentine or russians in ukraine . 
  they 're both economically broke . 
   but the players were moving for years preparing for that . 
  which is just what spain are doing right now . 
  which is why i 'm concerned . 
   spain and the uk both know gibraltar is n't worth military conflict by any metric . 
  and i thought the russians would n't dare attack ukraine because it was n't worth it . 
  ok ; let me run a fictive scenario : - the hms ambush crash in say the juan carlos i instead - the jci sinks immediately . 
  a third of the crew died . 
  the ambush limps to the rock 's coast before sinking too but it 's crew make it to gibraltar - due to war of the words both sides claim this happened in their water ; the uk wants to recover the deadly ammunition in the sub wreck and the spanish wants them to fuck off out of `` their '' water and deploy their navy - both ends up facing each other , but since there are bombs in the sea floor the uk ca n't back down . 
  the spaniards due to getting elected on a basis of grabbing gibraltar and having losts tons of men to being accidentally rammed by a sub the uk repeatedly denied to exist ; they ca n't back down either . 
  both sides start shooting at each other conventionally , first warning shots but then live and sending reinforcements . 
  a dozen sunken ship and 5000 deads later . . 
   for at least a generation or two . 
  does that mean we should all expect cold-war grade secret knife sharpening in the mean time ? 
   at the moment this just seems to be an infinite well of cheap political points for spanish politicians who want to get into the news . 
  well when the rethoric start imitating moscow 's regarding the usa ; sorry for being a bit nervous .
