  : http://green-butts.com/ the eu should back a project like this . 
  biodegradable cigaret filters ? 
  clever . 
  vaping still better imho but that would n't shock me, 
  this violent terrorist attack on random civilians will help absolutely nobody and is n't different from a terrorist action , sorry . 
  this is the reason why heavy weapons are strictly rationed to the ypg and why so many people are warry of syrian leftists . 
  i fully believe the pkk should help and get the tak to immediately stop attacking civilians in such reprehensible manner , and especially not do bombings and not in airports and not against civilians . 
  at my own level , i fully condemn this attack . 
  random dead civilians in istanbul has nothing to do with autonomy and will not help further that goal in any manner . 
  according to you every kurd or sympathizer = pkk . 
  damn , it 's like saying every middle east muslim = nusra as far as i know , tak 's a bit too uh , hardcore , and extreme , even for a lot of pkk fighters . 
  hell , last i heard a lot of tak were pkk kicked out for going too far, 
  nice work  that 's definitely a good start to try and shaking away the entire corruption out of the system, 
   he was totally legally out of it way even before finishing is ridiculous jail time of 5 years erh . 
  did n't he did 8 years for accidental manslaughter ( he accidentally killed the wrong person , morron ... ) ? 
  and , i think it 's in line for attempted murder ( the one he intended to kill ) + accidental murder ( of the wrong dude ) legally speaking . 
  then the fact that he dealed drugs , well whether it 's a jailable offense or not is justice & police & social helpers work , not ours sorry . 
  right now iirc , i think he 's looking at 8 to 20y back again in jail for being an accessory to terrorism ( for not warning the cops when he realized they were the bataclan killers ), 
   so jawad running all his illegal business 5 years after butchering a teenager is perfectly fine for you ? 
  who said it was fine or he was ever going to take a walk ? 
  the guy 's going back to prison , we all know it, 
   are you kidding me ? 
  our law system is a joke , nobody from the asshole committing a petty crime to the terrorist fear it . 
  we need a radical change of our justice system . 
  truly this is somalia . 
  african warlords roams the streets , random people get kidnapped in france for ransom on a daily basis like in chechenya , shariah patrols order you to quote the coran or die and shakedown checkpoints are the norm in front of every for-profit-only schools while at least several dozen millions die freezing every winters . 
  and what do you suggest ? 
  the larger the frozen land , the more methane yes . 
  antartica could be in trouble medium term too . 
   their reasons should be shocking to us but this topic is essentially ignored in mainstream mass media . 
  well we 'll keep enforcing the law and hoping that the fn `` right wingers '' do n't get anywhere near power and crack down on open xenophobia/antisemitism from anyone , but if people want to leave for another country it 's their damn right , we have no right to stop them, 
  it 's a global warming thing . 
  there were talks about [ potential self-feeding methane release from the ( formerly ) frozen tundra in siberia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arctic_methane_release ) : / the hotter it get , the more methane leaks , which means in combinaison with global warming issues the hotter it 'll get . 
  i do n't know when or what is the runaway point tho . 
  hopefully cop21 will land some result tho . 
  damn , looks like obama was right to push that hard for the global warming issue . 
  now this is an headline i never expected to read one day haha, 
   they chanted `` arabs get out ! '', 
  and `` this is our home !, 
  '' , afp news agency reports . 
  ah the usual corsican variant of `` happy christmas '' . 
  ~ ~ 2 years ago they were also singing the same with `` frenchs get out '' while the eta was busy planting explosives as usual . 
  guess they found a new target ~ ~, 
   the way things are going , private insurance will be the way to go-for those who will be able to afford it of course . 
  ie no one since no jobs and no pay and no welfare left  the rest will have to hope they die swiftly and peacefully . 
  so this is where europe is going , nice, 
  but the creditors want the greek healthcare to cut 40 % of it 's system and fire everyone on top of that , while there already is n't half the personnal needed , what could possibly go wrong / s, 
  `` accidentally '', 
  are there more sources on english to back that point ? 
   in switzerland immigrants from algeria have a crime rate of above 600 % ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_switzerland ) it 's a bit hypocritic to state so looking how ( non violent ) `` crime '' is extremely large in switzerland . 
  people come there to fraud by the number . 
  ah but it 's true , when it 's a muslim they are more likely to get reported because while stealing a cookie in a shop is counted toward crime statistics , * society-wide * multi million fraud , laundery and corporate theft is n't because it 's `` socially acceptable '' . 
  double standard much . 
  shit , 1/3 of the switzerland population are likely ( economic , white collar ) `` criminals '' ( fraudsters ) by my own standards . 
  they could even teach the greeks a thing or two . 
  switzerland is alongside luxembourg and ireland one of the european capitals of fraud and money laundering . 
  selective legal crackdown on perceived foreigners only tends to askew numbers against them , for some reason . 
   in france about 60 to 70 percent of all inmates in the prison system are muslim french here , this is simply , flatly not true . 
  it 's an hoax perpetrated based on old rumors . 
  real rates are around 20 % . 
  which , while largely over representating them , is certainly not a `` 70 % '' . 
  glad to hear, 
  and some people still want to negociate with daesh while they 're only trying to massacre more civilians in large numbers ... on a more positive note , nice work kenya, 
   yes . 
  further eu integration and strong loss of sovereignty to the eu . 
  fiscal transfers need to be accompanied by transfers of power . 
  which basically happened with german advisors everywhere in the gov. 
  you then promptly used that position to try and pass further `` cuts '' ( ie suppressing all the budgets ) to send all the money ( healthcare there , retirement , welfare , public sector wages , ... everything ) to germany instead . 
  you really think they 'd agree a second time to that ? 
  lol  greece would have to be the ones to bring something to that end to the table . 
  you mean like more than sending most of their budget and cashflows to a foreign country ? 
  shit , i mean , here is the 2013 budget : http://www.auditamosgrecia.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/greece-anual-national-budget-2013.png and that giant yellow share that was 50 % ? 
  it 's now likely like 60 or 70 % after all the 2014 `` agreement '' cuts . 
  you really think you can take more money by force from them without greece litterally declaring you war at some point ? 
  of course, 
  blowing boats with sea mines join the `` massacre '' option 2 too . 
   not to mention that during transferring money from private to government accounts around 10-15 billions pln were `` lost '' okay so there is already that much we hopefully can dig to try and find out where it actually went . 
  it 's still something . 
  thanks for all the info . 
   this is the example of how important things for regular people can look like and how much regular people do n't care . 
  i can imagine, 
  we tried having an agreement with turkey for sending refugees there , with the results everyone heard . 
  i think we 're still looking at solutions to open an offshore processing center tho ( ? 
  are you really telling me the polish gov just `` lost '' ( or stole ) the equivalent of 35 billion $ ? 
  and do you think this is bad management or theft ? 
  or at least how does the population / protesters see it ? 
  ( thanks for the infos ), 
  the problem is most refugees come by sea now , not by land . 
  and try building a wall on the sea ? 
  it 's not as easy even with the coast guard handling part of things and in fact turning back a large number of people . 
  hence the current problems and if you suggest shooting the boats ( full of civilians ) , then well it 's option 2 with the massacre bit, 
  wow , slow down , slow down . 
  so essentially you are saying the population largely voted for the current gov , which then did the exact inverse of what it promised , including disappearing 150m pln and doing something bad with the constitutionnal court ; which then led to those protests led by the opposition and a disenfranchised part of the population ? 
  you have to be joking . 
  are you really trying to force them to close all their hospitals after leaving the population largely without income ? 
   lenders insist that if government does n't proceed to the cuts , the next sub-tranche of 1 billion euros ( which was supposed to be settled last friday ) might not be approved . 
  i guess it will end up with more savage , unilateral reallocation in the multi dozen of billions to cover up the missing money when shit hit the fan again then . 
  fuck it , seeing how the greek medical system is already on the verge of total collapse , i hope the greek gov does not cut back one more cent on the subject than previously agreed . 
  any more of those absurd cuts and hospitals will all close , doctors and nurses left unpaid ( wages were already frequently late . ), 
  and childrens largely unvaccinated like it was africa .
