  i support ( to a certain degree ) this post . 
   and one of the largest industrial sectors . 
  at the end of wwi their economy was in shambles . 
  the nazis built that industry from scratch , to feed the war machine . 
   well , then i suggest them stopping to use services they can not pay for . 
  ah yes . 
  i 'm sure the country will stop having electric power , heating and running water . 
  that would never go wrong . 
  there totally would n't be a revolution within the week / s  there is some talk , though , about sending some tax enforcing officers to help the greeks setting up a stick themselves . 
  i suspect you confuse 2 very different things : - they have public & private debts , and they can only pay those very slowly , not at current rates . 
  - people also have to pay taxes ( the usual ones i 'm talking . 
  those that exist in every countries and are perfectly normal ) . 
  now there is a * giant * tax fraud issue ; especially from some very very wealthy individual and companies . 
  everyone fraud those ; it 's cultural . 
  now if germany help greece collecting the second , that would probably mean like +10 to 20b ( well i 'd say a lot more but you would n't believe me on the numbers ) per year , which means they could 1 \u00b0 ) run better their own country ( more cash in the budget ) 2 \u00b0 ) while still paying more money back 3 \u00b0 ) without additionnal strain on the system 4 \u00b0 ) and the less corruption the better . 
  i 'd also support it , because while i support dropping part of the tax debts on the poorest ( < 1500 $ / mo ; because that money do n't exist ) ; quite frankly if you are a shipping operator and have 2 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 $ stashed abroad on accounts and claim you do n't have to pay taxes , honestly fuck you . 
  and there is a lot of money to make there . 
   it would be a very , very short war , with horrific consequences for greece . 
  most likely . 
  then you 'd still have banditism issues in every single neighbor , people dying left & right , and basically a right wing north korea in the middle of the continent . 
  oh and instead of trying to get them to open more we want to cease every single last buck they have . 
  am i the only one here thinking this is a bad idea ? 
   and the kim family setting the `` right '' priorities . 
  yeah , it 's called a military first policy . 
  and it 's not just happening in shitholes like nk . 
  every pressed country does it . 
  just look at ukraine , country i like a lot with leaders that i think are currently trying to turn their country around . 
  neither did officially disarmed germany post wwi , which was giving like yearly 20 % of their gdp as reparations . 
  yet in the space of 10 years ... 
   toll roads and higher utility costs . 
  they cant pay utilities costs anymore . 
  some people are making do on 300 $ / mo. 
  i suggest you watch what 's going on in armenia very carefully : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jun/24/armenia-yerevan-protests-electric-prices-russia  by making people pay their debts ? 
  if they had the money to pay those back , they would n't have debts now would n't they ? 
  sending an enforcer to beat them bloody wo n't make the money magically appear . 
   actually , i was talking about international opposition of greece when it comes to macedonia 's real name . 
  oh , ah ok , makes more sense haha . 
   so you think there might be a grecocypriot war . 
  yeah the gd would actually be stupid enough to try invading north cryprus i 'm afraid . 
   yeah ... you are aware war costs money , and that 's kinda the problem with greece these days ? 
  yes and russia is kinda facing the same problem yet it sadly does not prevent them from walking guns and tanks to the front . 
  and even the bloody starving-to-death north korea have enough weapons to harass sk . 
  not against . 
  the greek gov of that time was corrupt and was helped by us corps to cook their books to hide their debts . 
  it allowed the us corps & markets to loan them more money than `` legally possible '' ; and in return make money on the interests of said new debts & other various advantages ( contracts , kickbacks , etc ) . 
  now that gov was tossed out , but it 's way too late and the damages have already been done over decades . 
  banks & organisms like standard & poor 's , morgan stanley , jp morgan chase & various others have a huge part of responsability in that one , imho . 
  it 's not the us as a state or a cia plot or something , it 's the consequences of insane corporate fraud helped by us megacorps that is now destroying a country down the line . 
  victim of a huge economic crisis crippling and killing their country after book cooking ( partly sponsored by eu/us economic systems ) . 
   like infrastructure and what do you intend to do with it ? 
  bulldozer the entire country ? 
  declare every single citizen 's home a foreign asset and make 30 % of the population homeless because their mortgaged house was ceased ? 
  you understand this is exactly how you start a war in europe ? 
  you are german . 
  i 'd thought your own history would teach you better . 
   , long-standing international disputes ( fryom , anyone ? ), 
  you want to annexate part of greece ? 
  holy shit man , do you even hear yourself talking ? 
   yeah , as if those guys would be able to do anything differently . 
  they 'll take their stashed weapons , and go start looting around their own country like the russian `` separatists '' do in eastern ukraine right now . 
  this is what they 'll do . 
   cyprus is a sovereign nation so was ukraine . 
  i do n't think the gd nazi gives a shit about that . 
  y' know state do that when that save tens of thousands of employees jobs , sometime . 
  and we 're talking about an entire country here , and only part of the debt . 
   instead of liquidating the deadbeater ? 
  what are you suggesting by `` liquidating the deadbeater '' ? 
  zeroying the entire country bank accounts and watch them actually go full nazi ~ ~ next election ~ ~ after a hunger revolution ? 
  how about when the golden dawn start attacking turkey to loot money , esp in cyprus ? 
   what exactly are they waiting on ? 
  the signature of the agreement being currently negociated ? 
  ( expected within days if lucky ? ), 
   what people are saying is that greece 's problems are of it 's own making so , say you 're a medical crew when you have a dying patient who is partly to blame you just leave him to die in the streets because #no #responsability ? 
   as the head of government syriza needs to take responsibility and set a course for setting things to rights . 
  there 's that little problem that most of it is out of their hands and in troika hands right now , since the troika has all the money . 
  i 'm sure they 'd love to move forward but until there 's an agreement , the other options are all just even worse . 
   sorry guys , you 've promised more to your voters than you can do . 
  it 's not a `` humiliation of the nation '' , it 's you being dumb . 
  victim blamming , much ? 
  i fail to see how syriza is/was responsible for greece 's situation , sorry  as a side note , governments and international institutions care about money , but not about your pride . 
  the sooner you understand this , the better your negotiations will be . 
  and if the country blows up in social unrest they wo n't have much of those , money , wo n't they ? 
  horrible . 
  and in my own backyard . 
  i heard they already found the culprits ? 
  edit : relevant live in french : http://www.lefigaro.fr/actualite-france/2015/06/26/01016-20150626livwww00104-direct-attentat-isere.php  c'est un pompier du sdis 38 qui aurait permis l'arrestation du suspect interpell\u00e9 et identifi\u00e9 , a rapport\u00e9 bfm tv , citant le pr\u00e9fet de l'is\u00e8re . 
  somebody desserves a medal there, 
  this is idiotic . 
  banning progress wo n't help . 
  if the gov really wants to help taxis it could lower the licence cost which is ridiculously high ( http://www.taxis-de-france.com/abonnes/text.php?id=prixdeslicences tens of thousands of euros ? ), 
  and/or refund part of it slowly over time to those who already passed it , for example as a slight tax discount . 
  and if the taxis still ca n't offer a competitive offer , maybe their service is just shit next to uber y' know and that 's why few people wants to deal with them ? 
  ( and of course the taxis would rather have absolute monopole enforced by law and be allowed to arrest/jail any concurrents they dislike , but maybe things should n't run like this ? ), 
  then maybe they should had some motivation for mandatory attendance ; like part of any benefits being only granted if they show up at least some degree of it . 
  or a tax rate difference . 
  edit : definitely interesting : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3b4kdt/four_of_ten_refugees_fail_danish_language_test/csit1sx, 
  i believe a thank you is in order for the concessions towards greece . 
  i 'd still complain a bit tho about the fired military headcount ( i hope athens will offer them an alternative position ; keep them in sight because in case of heavy social unrest it 'll make a huge difference whether the ones who know how to hold the weapons had a paycheck or not . ), 
   increase the rate of the tonnage tax and phase out special tax treatments of the shipping industry . 
  very good idea actually ( sorry , it 's needed .
