  https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4q9iv3/there_is_increasing_evidence_that_australia_is/ it 's been built by the same people that built gitmo and got reused for refugees by australia . 
  what do you think is really going on there ? 
  as to the supposed claim they 're supposedly free to go and supposedly paid , i 'm not the one holding such fantasies, 
  \\  believing nauru `` pay '' money to prisonners they in fact routinely `` waterboard '' ( drown repeatedly ) or force into prostitution \\  haha next what you 're going to tell us gitmo is a holyday colony ? 
  edit @ lol at hate and whitewashing . 
  you really believe that if people could just leave and paid a ton of money to do so they 'd stay to get tortured around ? 
  holy hell . 
  hey , thank you, 
   or even advocate war crimes . 
  it 's an open breach of the geneva convention . 
  if you do that in europe you 're going to have a bad time . 
   where exactly ? 
  in europe . 
   half of all us major politicians would be in jail if this was true , for example . 
  well yeah some of what flies in the usa do n't here . 
  that include stuff like incitation to warcrimes , hate or carrying assault rifles when buying your groceries being illegal here . 
  i know a lot of people in the us then will promptly claim that europe is therefore an oppressive hellhole , but i 'll beg to differ seeing how all their stockpiled weapons and supposed free speech laws did n't prevented stuff happening in their own country in 2001 . 
   pretty sure it 's not illegal in the uk , either . 
  i do n't know english law perfectly but do n't bet on it . 
  it 's illegal in half of the eu . 
   so many british politicians supported us war crimes and rationalized them later . 
  ... well yeah and that 's probably playing a part in why said persons are perceived so poorly, 
  no it 's not . 
  and apologism of warcrimes is illegal . 
  how about we arrest that guy . 
  edit : oh looks like several of his followers also went to jihadi alongside litterally isis in syria . 
  looks like a possible isis recruiter, 
  excellent , portugal/spain could use the help right now i think . 
  there have been reports of very large forest fires there too . 
   in an immediate response to the request for assistance , the eu has mobilised via the mechanism a firefighting plane which is managed by italy as part of the eu `` buffer capacity '' developed to support national capacities where required . 
  if fires keep happening at that rate year after year i 'm suspecting we might want to think about buying a dozen water planes for further eu-wide use ... 
  they 're using the journos as fall guys . 
  wo n't stop them from finding other low ranking idiots to recruit to blame for the next incidents if they get caught next time . 
  it 's better to aim at the media company proper ( massive fines , licence suspension or even cancelation in face of repetition , targeting executives , etc ) . 
  that way the higher ups that organize that maskerade face consequences too . 
  it 's obvious that fake was asked from on high ( probably as high as rupert murdoch ) . 
  if we go for jailtime the brexiter politicians behind this will just get a random intern jailed instead of themselves . 
  unless we put half the executive board of skynews behind bars that 's not going to have any effect because there 's an entire chain of fall guys ( and even then they 'll keep doing the same with another channel ) . 
  media licence cancellation/company foreclosure ( decided by a judge ) might do the trick tho . 
  if they loose hundreds of millions worth of media companies every time they make up lies on that downright hollywoodian scale ( or rather more likely after a couple abuses ) , that 'd make them think twice . 
  i 'd say they should n't be allowed to present as news if they do n't deliver news ( because that was n't just partial or botched work , that was a fiction movie for which they wrote a script from scratch , hired actors , filmed in another area , post produced/edited , then presented the whole thing as news ) . 
  i think there 's a lot of `` death by km '' in that . 
  what i mean is , for example when syrians are there in europe , lots of europeans try offering them refugees help . 
  but when people are on the other end of the globe in areas not considered `` our countries '' ( because it 's a different society and far away ) it 's harder for the average joe to care about them i suspect . 
  you can also see it in how us vets frequently pay attention to what is going on in the middle east ( because they spent a big part of their life there , so they know people left and right , they know the land , sometime the languages , so they hear fallujah went down to isis 2y ago it 's big to them etc ) yet pay little attention to african countries that are twice as close ( most countries against which they have no special issue ) . 
  ( now it 's not a critic , we ca n't be everywhere at once ! ), 
  similarly , old english `` ex colonialist '' types tend to keep an eye out for pakistan/india ( some of them even positively , it 's not a critic ! ), 
  while most people never went anywhere close so they pay no attention . 
  we all tend to have an eye out for `` our own mental backyard '' more than what you perceive as very distant lands , it 's just a common psychological phenomenon . 
  well the problem is unless skynews is forced to apologize on primetime ( ie the same way they showed that fiction clip ; to face their same audience ) for making a fictious propaganda reportage out of thin air , it 'll have little value because a large part of voting people ( ie everyone older , that take all their news from the tv ) wo n't even hear about it and they 'll still believe how the romanians are all weapon trafickants out to get them . 
   who cares if poc and muslims are the victims , right ? 
  i do n't agree with you , sorry . 
  when i talk about casualty numbers i generally do n't ask them their religion nor care about that . 
  whether muslim or christian or whatever , when you ask emergency dispatchers in you ask them all the same . 
   can you give sources that verify that a ban on burquas directly resulted in a lesser support for daesh i mean helped prevent it 's rise . 
   daesh has no support in our society because they are crazy motherfuckers and nobody wants to have their head sawed off rather ? 
  and yet there are numerous idiots in countries like pakistan that support them . 
  i think making a public stand against fundamentalism does help , because otherwise nobody dares saying no to the crazy fanatic . 
  i can only open bets on which high level politicians are connected and telling the police not to do anything . 
   or are there cases of women opting to wear them anyway and getting in trouble ? 
  well i can tell you you see never anything like it in the streets . 
  the first question tho is a good point , that bears further studies, 
  it prevented giving support towards more attacks . 
  daesh has little to no support ( < 1 % ) in our society . 
   they just admitted they were paid 2000 euro to act as gun traffickers , by a individual named stuart ramsay from sky news !, 
   romanian investigators confirmed the whole thing was staged by the british journalists , ruling out any possible misunderstanding . 
  well looks like neocon medias fell once again to their same old `` lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie '' habit . 
  could that bullshit propaganda stop too ? 
  that 'd be nice . 
  yes , including the one that blame eastern europe for all the money they stole themselves . 
  seriously making up fictive reportages on fictive gun trafficking just to stir up anti east european hate , does skynews & co really have nothing better to do than imitate russian tv ? 
  edit : btw , let 's look who founded the sky television network ? 
  `` soft radicalisation '' ( non terrorist , but a bit fundamentalist ) spreading is a concern in the country . 
  at worst i guess it helped prevent the worst abuses on the clothing side ( caging people to the invisible ) . 
  it 's by large respected as far as i know ( some of the muslim women wears hijab ie the scarf on their hair , but burkah/niqab `` ghost '' clothing are n't a thing , possibly partly due to that law that prevented it 's spread ) . 
  thankfully it 's already banned in france https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_ban_on_face_covering, 
   `` the prime minister said we would not be triggering article 50 before the end of the year , which would provide time for both the uk and the remaining eu 27 to prepare properly for the negotiations , helping to ensure a smooth and orderly departure of the uk from the eu . 
  obviously various country/leaders will have varying opinions , but to me that seems relatively reasonable !, 
  i agree that they could use a bit of time to settle their own affairs in order at least, 
  ah yes . 
  the neolibs ' / neocons good old hypocritic `` if you support welfare you are litterally a daesh terrorist so give me all the money ! '', 
  nevermind they largely contributed to creating daesh by razing half the middle east , putting people in concentration camps in iraq then banning them and all their families from all job for life . 
  talking about prison btw , let 's comparate northern europe 's 20 % recidive rate vs the us ' own 80 % : http://www.businessinsider.com/why-norways-prison-system-is-so-successful-2014-12 but hey by all means keep lecturing us on all your own failures / s, 
  different choices , different results . 
  best of luck to him . 
  no reason to destroy his carreer based on the insane choices of his brother ( who joigned daesh ) . 
  a gold medal at the olympics is pretty prestigious . 
  1m people paying 2 $ / month brings a lot more money than 100 paying 100 $ a month . 
  plus most likely the tax would n't cover up everything , part of the state would make up the difference in exchange for cooperation of the community leaders ( say to handpick nicer imams ) , but they do n't say it too high because otherwise fn lawyers would already be prepping bs claims, 
  that 's probably because like 5 persons from the same political circle own nearly all the tabloids and a major part of england 's newspaper . 
  sure there are independant ones ( the guardian comes to mind , albeit unsurprizingly they 're in financial trouble ) but they 're rarer amongst tabloids so yeah there is little contradicting opinion in their little tabloid echo chamber and people get surprized when they look at the press in other countries ( e.g : in germany , netherlands etc ), 
  wow that could make a good difference if they do recover the missing money  glad to hear, 
   you know they can just give money to the mosque , like most other religions out there , right ? 
  and that 's possibly the defacto problem , because muslims in occident are n't very rich ( there is little oil in most of occident . ), 
  so a lot of the biggest donators are radical al-qaeda friendy sheikhs and networks from abroad . 
  that 's why we 're looking at ways to ban that funding and find other ways to let them fund themselves ( like all other religions can ), 
   this might be a very ignorant comment ( and yes i am too lazy to click the link ) , but is n't the most of radicalization happening in , well , mosques ? 
  no , i am not saying in any way that the mosques should be banned or other ridiculous shit , but would n't it be more efficient to control the ones that already exist ( to get rid of the bad apples ) , than build new ones ? 
  both are needed . 
  removing extremist imams does n't mean we should n't keep an eye out on who funds news mosques in exchange for what ( and therefore preventing other appointments of more radicals ) .
