   there is a reason why there is crime from politicians and the police is not doing anything . 
  in that case they were n't fully aware of what 's going on , but that 's not an autorization to go all full ganho and start emptying ak clips ~ ~  it 's because they are corrupted again , i doubt they all became corrupt in a week . 
   well according to the rs , police was there too . 
  luckily for them yes , because otherwise if the police had n't showed up those ps casualties would be very numerous and very definitive . 
   well , police in your country is differnt from police in ukraine the entire police of kiev was remplaced one week ago was n't it ? 
   but most policemen in ukraine are still corrupted come on . 
  they did n't all go full russian in a week . 
   police was supporting the member of the parliament . 
  that was his personnal mafia goons last i heard , not the police . 
  of course rs could not resist brawling the cops too when they came in to ask wtf . 
   and people posing as the right sector right http://www.facepalm.de/images/facepalm.jpg and they could n't get the police to arrest lanho instead ? 
  that way they would n't have took casualties . 
  last attacks this week were n't by islamists or even muslims afaik . 
  good luck :-), 
  is this the `` shooting week in europe '' or something ? 
  i guess austerity is just not for everyone . 
  is n't that one complicity to terrorism and an offence punishable by jail ? 
  which one is equivalent to the patriot act in the uk already ? 
  well it is the tl ; dr of the modifications since the last proposals . 
  it 's similar to the last one but a bit more in favor of greece on most points actually , which is always nice . 
  like the released pressure on the islands or the farmers or help to find tax evaders with money abroad . 
  there 's also some points brought up to speed . 
   introduce a new permanent mobility scheme applied by q4 2015 . 
  the scheme will promote the use of job description and will be linked with an online database that will include all current vacancies . 
  final decision on employee mobility will be taken by each service concerned . 
  this will rationalize the allocation of resources as well as the staffing across the general government . 
  if i understand well they want to help employees to be easily moving from one overstaffed service to another that need help ; saving potentially a lot on hirings and limiting mass dismissals ? 
  that 's a very good idea actually . 
   strengthen controls in public entities and especially soes . 
  empower the line ministries to perform robust audit and control inspections to supervised entities including soes . 
  hell yes a serious audit , that one was needed . 
   produce a comprehensive plan with technical assistance for combating tax evasion which includes ( i ) identification of undeclared deposits by checking bank transactions in banking institutions in greece or abroad , ( ii ) introduction of a voluntary disclosure program with appropriate sanctions , incentives and verification procedures , consistent with international best practice , and without any amnesty provisions ( iii ) request from eu member states to provide data on asset ownership and acquisition by greek citizens , ( iv ) renew the request for technical assistance in tax administration and make full use of the resource in capacity building , ( v ) establish a wealth registry to improve monitoring . 
  lots of good ideas there too . 
  in a general manner , those modifications looks like genuine improvements . 
   yes , if greece does not recover soon there will be a golden dawn government in charge . 
  i suspect that greece will start receiving structural funds very soon that will counteract the cutbacks , or at least i hope so same here : / rules or no rules , if they do n't give greece a hand , the actual worst of the nazis will end up in power . 
  and those guys remind me of the worst of the infamous shakhtarsk/tornado bataillon ( i mean , 60 of their top officials did jail for murder or violence ; and at least a dozen of them for hunting immigrants for sport ... ) . 
  basically , somebody will have to put dozens ( hundreds ? ), 
  of billions on the table , and not in the form of loans ( greece ca n't pay back in cash . 
  altho natural ressources for example would n't be unheard of ) . 
  hence my edit ; if it comes to that the ecb might be forced to help for the 20k by eu law ( if greece were to leave the currency area but not eu ) ; but the 100k i 'm not betting on it . 
  accounts are insured up at 90 % face value for to 20k iirc : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deposit_insurance#european_union so the citizens will survive that one , even if it 's definitely going to hurt hard . 
  ( edit : yes i know it 's officially 100k @ 100 % in greece but seeing as it 's national bankruptcy looming i 'd not bet anything on that ), 
  gottah admit if there is one thing erdogan did a perfect in that entire war it was protecting all the refuges that came in turkey . 
  well with all the billions they owe for yukos , odds are it wo n't . 
  especially since it 's fraud in eu countries . 
   otherwise it 's the national version of a guy locked away in his room reading propaganda and fuming about the world he never interacts with ; it 's radicalizing , and dangerous . 
  \\ -  you 've just described a pipe dream of the regime . 
  north korea ? 
  is it their real dream ? 
   i do n't think i 'm an intended recipient of your message , well there 's something to learn from their own history of extremely fasts reforms . 
  maybe at least a list of mistakes to avoid if you want to join the eu too in a decade or two \\ ^ \\ ^, 
  if that falls in some other eu gov pocket to be put to good use ( e.g : debts , infra , welfare , budget , ... ) it 's still way better than it 'll ever be sitting forever on some mogul 's account . 
  plus said gov might one day return the favor and find billions of evasion too . 
  well at least it 's not going anywhere in the mean time, 
  well if it was laundery/evasion it 's going to the state coffers is n't it ? 
  i do n't know any gov that would n't be happy to remove 2b in debts with such a windfall for example . 
  1 % of their gdp in a single recovery ? 
  holy hell . 
  it sure must feels like christmas for them . 
   you seem to be completely unaware that i linked a protocol of your parliament above you seem completely incapable of actually knowing what that link is about . 
  allow me to translate the title for you :  audition du g\u00e9n\u00e9ral christophe gomart , directeur du renseignement militaire , sur le projet de loi relatif au renseignement which means : `` audience of general chistophe gomart , military intelligence director , about the intelligence law project '' ( one currently hotly debated in country ; which has * absolutely no link to the ua invasion * )  above in which it is said that there is no russian they 're ( vaguely ) talking about the pre invasion moment . 
  which according to your theory self invaded somehow magically while ukraine was begging to cease to exist according to the last russians theories . 
  ( btw , the gen self contradict later because that whole interview was intended as to push a law strengthening our own agencies and getting budget for his own instead ; but i diverge ), 
  us shill ... ~ ~ fyi i 'm french . 
  but please tell us about the policy of my country 's own gov. 
  i do n't have time for those lies . 
  pray tell me how those guys are not russians but maybe chinese or african or i dunno : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gewfpmscugc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhkhg1fmh0c then go play on / r/russia or something and let the grew up discuss thank you . 
  i was carricaturing russia 's `` innocent victim '' persecution complex ( especially in light of their invasion of ukraine ) and how serbia was starting to mimicate them openly in that statement ( same actions , language , underlining the `` defense of their interests '' to enforce on the neighboring countries , ... )  all of these hatreds exist not really anywhere near the extent some of those countries pretend to be victims . 
  after `` russophobia '' accusations , here comes the `` serbophobia '' ones . 
  it 's not wrong . 
  what 's wrong is using it as an excuse to push the idea that others & foreigners are inferiors & use it to harass or otherwise persecute one or multiple groups of people . 
  as for national identity on that subreddit or in erasmus-like programs , people frequently disregard `` national identity '' because some feel their country is ~ ~ europa ~ ~ the eu itself and not just one part of it . 
  they feel europeans before feeling german or polish or italian or greek or english . 
  so it 's a good thing if we aim for long term integration in the european project . 
  well , looking at the latest of the crisis , i hope mr tsipras will be able to provide a complete updated set of propositions before the deadline . 
  could the pharmacies get a hotline to get their accounts unfreezed to buy meds abroad ? 
  it 's kindah a litterally vital priority and a life or death matter for a number of greeks . 
   other pharmacies blame shortages in the supply chain as foreign suppliers become increasingly hesitant to sell to greece due to the financial instability . 
  well maybe other eu countries could help there ? 
  under the name of humanitarian emergency : x edit  but they have promised to keep supplying the country on humanitarian grounds , according to reuters . 
  good , but apparently they 're still rationning the meds : /, 
   and here in the uk we allow no lethal force and our best tactic is to charge in numbers with our shields and horses , cut the numbers down , arrest and detain . 
  they ( generally ) do n't have `` lethal force '' authorization but people sent to the hospital and broken bones ( accidentally , no sarcasm ) is n't unheard of . 
  they are allowed to assault you physically till you submit . 
   with our shields and horses , i do n't believe we have enough horses unless maybe for some ceremonial purpose ;-)  it 's nice living in a country where the police are not armed gun use is extremely infrequent even if they have it here ( the circumstances are highly regulated and they have to justify , and actually killing somebody could land them in serious trouble if not really provably justified ) . 
  so i kindah understand/agree . 
  but tbh i think our police do a decent job since a couple years ( end of sarkozy 's mandate and after ) once the `` zero tolerance '' ridicule faded away . 
  we have very few death and incidents honestly . 
   our police force was built on the concept of `` they are not the military , they are to protect the public and not given guns or red uniforms so they would be accepted by the british public '' well ; beyond that , here 's a few pictures to get an idea : - usual french police : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/police_fran%c3%a7aise#/media/file:dsc07953.jpg sure they look tough , but they 're not actual soldiers . 
  - now here 's riot police : http://www.thecuttingedgenews.com/uploads/cmimg_72591.jpg - here 's the mainstream gendarmes ( from the gendarmery , basically military police but trained and acting more as cops attached to the department of defense than anything else ) : http://www.lepoint.fr/images/2013/12/25/cavallier-2282914-jpg_1975835.jpg - and here 's soldiers form the army : http://www.lepoint.fr/images/2013/02/26/mali-1111120-jpg_984750.jpg now as you can see the last one is absolutely not the same job . 
  that 's why i 'd oppose deploying the army against any amounts of disarmed civilians . 
  the only case where they 'd actually be deployed against civilians imho would be apocalyptically bad situations where most countries would call in the national guard like civil war situation or largescale natural disaster destroying entire chuncks of the country . 
  or patrol against actual armed crazy terrorists (  charlie hebdo ) like the vigipirate plan . 
  or maybe hostage sieges going out of proportion like the mall hostage situation in kenya in 2013 . 
  but not illegals getting themselves killed by trying to jump on a train . 
  that 's a ( riot ) police job . 
  the link was edited post facto , as indicated by reddit :  [ -- ] frieswithketchup [ score hidden ] an hour ago * ( last edited 1 hour ago ), 
   riot police is made up of normal police in the uk . 
  here they 're mostly the `` tough guys '' that are paid extra to take a few bodily risks when playing police and that you send with tear gas and heavy sticks and a right to punch in the face when the situation is `` out of control '' but you do n't want to kill people ( the `` shot to kill '' is a gign/gign/raid job , our swat equivalents ) .
