  which has incidently being seized & sold again to partly said billionaires partly the chinese to make up for some of the losses they caused if that makes you feel any better : https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2016/09/02/gree-s02.html  after a certain point , the people want blood and by god , i 'm sure they will get it . 
  : - / yeah ... the feeling i got ...  this post iss a bit jumbled no no it 's very clear and pointed me the right way , thank you , 
   and understand that nowadays the vast majority of greeks is against this government and strongly disapproves what they 're doing to solve the crisis . 
   please check this poll , the question being `` do you think tsipras is negotioating for the good of the country , or just to stay in power ? '' . 
  i 'll let you guess which is which . 
  that rings true . 
  from my foreigner pov that makes a lot more sense than `` syriza caused the national bankruptcy '' often repeated by german medias when i know it started 10y earlier , and they too have a part of responsability in it with bribing pasok officials . 
  but tbh , i still got the feeling tsipras is willfully catching a bullet for the next gov. 
  the guy actually stroke me as honest ( when compared to pasok officials at least , not the same attitude at all ) ; and i did n't saw him steal money for what it 's worth ( while pasok could n't help looting stuff fast enough when i look at it with current hindsight/info ) . 
   i 'm well aware that you wish well on my country , but kindly understand that you have a probably skewed view of it , that 's possible  mind you this is the first time in modern greek history that the leader of the opposition is deemed ( again , by polls , take that as you will ) , as a better potential prime-minister than the current prime minister . 
  my pov here could be wrong , but i got the feeling that it could be linked to the current situation and that any other party that 'd be in gov right now would be accused of the same . 
  then again , i could be wrong ( feel free to contradict me ) . 
   you have no idea how incompetent the public services are actually i have * some * , but think highly incompetent service is a lot better than `` no services at all '' . 
  i 'll tell myself have a fair idea of what happens to a modern western liberal democracy where social services do n't exist anymore . 
  in most cases , it quickly end up in unrest , and a fascist dictatorship . 
  think what will happen if pensions stop falling tomorrow for 6 months . 
  riots , revolution , possible army junta dictatorship again . 
   anyway , no hard feelings and i honestly wish you do n't get to see what electing a populist thank you for this answer anyway , i understand your pov a lot better that way  remember this , in a few year tsipras and co ( most definitely varoufakis ) will face the courts for the damage they did to the economy . 
  we 're talking tens of billions here . 
  i do n't think trying them will solve anything . 
  i do n't think they have any of that money , nor that they have any real margin of manoeuvre upon that situation . 
  the only way i saw greece get any better lately , is when some money was taken from the oligarchs and put in the welfare system by force , or when some of the germans where forced to back off . 
  it 's a terrible precedent , but it looks grim . 
  but if you have any hindsight on syriza wrongdoing , please share , i 'm honestly curious to learn about it . 
  best of luck anyway, 
  they 're the ones who put steeve bannon & his breitbart nazis in the whitehouse . 
  and before that they built gitmo under bush . 
  and reagan was the republican who dismantled most welfare systems and universal healthcare in the us before promptly villifying having healthcare coverage ( which they later renamed obamacare despite the plan being copied from romney 's notes ) . 
  they 're the ones that ran the coups in south america to put pinochet & other neonazi-like dictators in power there who killed and tortured very large number of people . 
  they ran cuba into the ground before castro so bad that people lauded castro , a less-nice soviet dictator , for freeing them from plantation and mass starvation . 
  they 're responsible for the `` 3 $ tipped minimal wage '' , land ( and therefore housing ) prices exploding so they could make a quick buck on a dump & pump , abolishment of laws on leave , legalized bribery with the falsely named citizens united , etc. 
  and that 's without even exploring the social aspect of the issue with known kkk member sessions being ag giving you an idea of the mentality and similar . 
  i had no intent to tell you who to vote . 
  my apologies if that 's how you understood it . 
   the patronising tone of this whole thread , looks whose talking . 
   thinking you 're talking about poor people who make spaghetti out of pigshit or something is the most insulting thing in this whole conversation no , i got an allergy to germans calling greeks `` lazy welfare queens driving cadillacs '' and the propaganda going around . 
  if you have a better lifestyle , good for you . 
  but i still have to look at poverty and healthcare numbers for my own part , and it 's nowhere near funny . 
   sure , since you 're french you could do your part and send me some money . 
  well if you ever received welfare in greece or some sort of social service there , i likely already did . 
   let me know how much you can spare sure , head to your nearest social worker with your income paperwork and bank statements ... 
   go play elsewhere . 
  i will when the economic looting of greece stop and the situation stabilizes . 
   i 'm greek mate , kindly fuck right off lol , i do n't believe you for a second . 
  esp since you speak portuguese in your profile, 
  and since you deleted your other post , i 'm going to answer it here  have you ever been in athens yuuuup . 
   or are you being an internet warrior `` eating in front of your computer '' ? 
  and how the hell will i read or talk on reddit without some form of electronics or another ? 
  using a computer is just simpler . 
  wrong again , asshole . 
   i have to ask , is calling the person you are talking to an `` asshole '' , like you did with me just now , a mark of democratic discourse where you come from ? 
  that 's simply what you are . 
  when somebody starve and you yell `` he asked for it !, 
  stop overspending on food and luxuries !, 
  and stop trying to have enough money for food you ca n't afford it !, 
  it 's your fault you asked for too much !, 
  '' ; that 's what you are : an asshole . 
  especially when you add lies on top to displace extra blame on people working the most and longest hour in europe for that and you statistically likely make 5 + x their income while eating in front of your computer for 1/4 of their hours and blaming them for their situation . 
   first of all calling someone 's call as `` dishonest '' when not offering any proof http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/098/084/243.png  secondly , the huge surplus is not due to `` troika-mandated austerity '' yes it is . 
  they have a mandated surplus , per agreement , to receive the partial bailout . 
  they 're litterally blackmailed in it : https://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jul/13/greece-bailout-agreement-key-points-grexit quoting , amongst other things , :  greece has been told it must legislate by 15 july to introduce `` quasi-automatic spending cuts '' if it deviates from primary surplus targets . 
  in other words , if it can not cut enough to balance the books , it should cut some more . 
  \\ -  this means that greece has been officially put on notice since eu directives mandate a 60 day maximum on payments for services rendered to the state . 
  damned if they do n't cut , damned if they cut . 
  this is almost troika-led economical terrorism against greece . 
   i 'm not going to go into politics with you , since it 's obvious you 're quite slanted probably because i know some of the people in the negocs where openly corrupt ? 
   personally i think that the basic cause of the crisis is the overpromising of syriza they did overpromise a bit , but the surplus and cuts where forced on them by foreign powers with economical strangling . 
  and you are willfully misleading the causes of the current crisis by ommitting that point and fingering syriza . 
  that 's called lying . 
  so this is the standard the republican party measures itself to ? 
  venezuela ? 
  come on . 
  maybe you can do better than that . 
  your post is blatantly dishonest and trying to displace the blame for the troika-mandated austerity on syriza , to try to avoid the blame of the devasting social consequences . 
  except guantanamo , breitbart nazism and the muslim ban or reaganism are still relevant today and very much near power . 
  as i understand it 's the surplus after the interests payments . 
  while it 's obviously usefull to keep some as buffer against the next issue , the country also need to run . 
  that however is very much a concern , yes . 
  and very real , not just `` ideological bs '' . 
  ironically russia went full conservative since . 
  russians and leftisms are n't the same coherent thing anymore . 
   although the right had been massively discredited because of its direct contribution to the nazi death camps , as well as its overall xenophobic , anti-egalitarian and fascist agenda ( according to the cia 's own description ) , the unnamed secret agents who drafted the study outline with palpable delight the return of the right since approximately the early 1970s . 
  yeah , it 's called reaganism : http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/reaganism  but the enormity of stalin 's crimes ensures that such sordid histories , no matter how compelling , thorough , or damning , do not disturb the foundation of a worldview committed to the exemplary role of the united states in defending what we now know as democracy . '' the thing is , staline died a long time ago . 
  one day , the conservative will have to adress the fact that using a tyran killed 70y ago to justify whatever is their gitmo-like or staggeringly impoverishing excesses of the day is starting to feel a bit old . 
  people do n't buy anymore the `` if you give food stamps and education it 's litterally staline ! '', 
  yeah , no shit . 
  but hopefully that one will stay in the past . 
  or so i 'll convince myself . 
  do that mean they can restart funding their hospitals a bit ? 
   empires and countries come and go , but cities stay . 
  that 's a nice way to put it yeah, 
  looks like a pencil drawing :-p, 
  damn i had n't realized initially, 
  i hear it 's still getting called the french republic, 
  i could n't give a fuck who you ~ ~ like ~ ~ hate or not . 
  the fact is she 's a corrupt candidate working for a foreign hostile superpower to destabilize the nation in exchange for money and media influence , while working with plenty of neo nazis and plotting ethnic cleansing if she ever gets her way . 
   also , nobody worships steve bannon lmao . 
  if you are n't into breitbart ( which quite frankly is a front national lite ) and attempts to start racial riots ; then maybe you should n't get into that little fn cult either . 
  lol ; you do n't need to be a commie to know that she takes money . 
  quite frankly as a french it 's bewildering to see all those foreigners in a creepy personality cult with the local fringe crazy who they do n't have the slightest idea what is up to .
