   `` we do not have the word ` idiot ' written on our foreheads . 
  we will be patient , but we will do what we have to . 
  do n't think that the planes and the buses are there for nothing , '' nobody is saying he 's an idiot . 
  we simply have a situation in europe where there is * currently * too many people who came at once so we 're looking at ways to slow dramatically that flow . 
  that 's why we 're looking for an agreement with turkey too ( instead of just doing stuff in their back ) , simply because they are another step on the geographical road too . 
   `` we can open the doors to greece and bulgaria any time and put the refugees on buses . '' a threat . 
  but to get what ? 
  what does he even want \u00b2 ? 
   `` there is a chance the new wave of refugees will reach 600,000 if air strikes continue , '' he warned . 
  yeah about aleppo a big part of them are in afrin , where the ypg provides ...  `` shame on you !, 
  shame on you ! '' said erdogan , adding that the un should be telling countries to take in refugees from turkey . 
  that much is true : there 's a lot of ther countries that could help too and do n't do much . 
  both turkey & the eu ( and jordan , lebanon ) are taking quite a number of them in , but the rest is kind of staying idle . 
   there 's nothing forbidding companies to raise wages . 
  neoliberalism . 
  the culture is to pay as little as they can get away with and then try to pay them even ever less . 
  then complaining nobody wants to work for you ( for that joke `` wage '' ) for some reason , call people lazy for not taking that * generous * 150 $ / month with 1000 $ of monthly bills to pay ( remember they are doing you `` a favor '' !, 
  / s ) and try to get the gov to force people to work for them for free / s, 
  so it 's the second half of the year we will have to pay the most attention, 
  - eastern . 
  they do the same in the us , and the neoliberalists wants to import it here . 
  school year ? 
  surgery ? 
  car insurance ? 
  1000 $ / month . 
  house ? 
  power bill ? 
  $ 500 or $ 1000/month in cali . 
  hello crony capitalism to who nobody says no because `` that would be communism to stop the free market '' . 
  do you have any number of your own on variations throught the year ? 
  i 'm curious, 
   greece can not handle millions of people but they 're going to keep coming until eventually greece brings its ' navy about , seizes all the boats and finally , breaking international law proceeds to dump them back onto turkish soil . 
  i think we are all going to look the other way if they started doing it already . 
  it 's the `` shooting '' bit that causes issues , but if they refuse boats coming from turkey and send them back toward turkey unharmed , there 's going to be a lot of looking the other way : x and we 'll give money to turkey to help them in exchange  turkey and greece have a navy / air skirmish building up to a serious confrontation hopefully not , and erdogan will realize he ca n't have his army against every neighbor at once . 
   companies never have an interest in raising wages . 
  if dacia wants to sell cars , its workers have to be able to afford them . 
  [ remember how even the fascist loving union busting henri ford finally decided to pay it 's workers more so they could buy ford t cars and reduce their work hours to have more workers and therefore more sales ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henry_ford#the_five-dollar_workday ), 
   every time the unions at dacia attempt negotiations to raise the wages renault just threatens to increase / move production to morocco that 's an interesting info . 
  thank you . 
   renault would like to grow local sales , but it 's against basic eu treaties and principles . 
  uh what . 
  no it 's not . 
  on the contrary we 're a free trade zone . 
  if they want to sell more cars in romania , they certainly can ( if people are willing to buy them at their prices of course ; but of course for people to buy dacia 's car it means dacia needs to pay them enough so that they can afford to buy cars . 
  a bit like ford 's employees . 
  but obviously dacia/renault prefer making excuses and that 's causing an eu-level problem ) . 
  ~ ~ shit , that moment where our own national industry is doing stuff in our backs for a couple more bucks in shareholder pockets pfff ~ ~, 
   people will work to survive , sometimes in hard conditions and for pathetic wages , but if they have a choice , they 're emmigrating . 
  translation : if people are forced to work for no pay they will , but if you forget to chain them one day they run away first opportunity strangely enough / s, 
   i 'd say it is the norm . 
  if you want something done , win a tender , get a contract , get orders , get any decision from which you may profit - you need to pay something to someone . 
  regardless if the ordering party is a state organization or private company . 
  this goes as high as the government , members of parliament , members of judicial system , police , mayors , etc. 
  so essentially after romania , the dna should move on to bulgaria and start ripping that stuff . 
   6 freezers - 40,000 euros each ! '' . 
  wow, 
   either they want amazing salaries european level wages you mean ? 
  like in western eu countries that are supposed to indicate better how people should be paid rather than belarussian wages ? 
  especially with the countries in east europe going richer . 
  prices go up , so wages have to go up and people are forced to demand more to live just to pay up the bills . 
   for hungary and poland , the problem is exacerbated by young people moving to britain , germany and other places where wages are higher . 
  there you have it . 
  if you do n't want to pay them a living you have worker shortages . 
  unsurprizing . 
   there are two ways to tackle the problem in the short term , according to radomir jac , chief economist at the prague-based asset-management unit of assicurazioni generali spa : import workers or boost salaries in a shift away from a growth model dominated by manufacturing . 
  well . 
  it would appear if salaries get boosted people might come back east which would kind of solve part of our population movements issues . 
   `` central europe needs a new economic model that would n't depend so much on exports uh , well . 
  the entire eu needs largescale mass exports to be viable . 
   `` its economies need to diversify and start making products with added value . '' even diversified massively , it 's still rely on an cheap-to-produce-but-sold-at-costly-price export model . 
   others are importing workers from ukraine , a country that shares similarities in languages and culture and has seen its own exodus of workers during it violent conflict with pro-russian separatists in its easternmost regions . 
   `` without those ukrainians , quite a few companies would n't be able to complete their orders , and this would have a negative impact on economic growth . '' it 's funny , not a month ago they were complaining about all those `` invading '' 10 ' 000 ukrainian supposedly `` fake refugees '' coming in poland `` to steal all our jerbs '' . 
  / s  orban has eschewed recommendations to shift to service industries , calling that approach `` misguided . '' he 's seeking to cap high school and university admissions and channel students into trade schools to solidify hungary 's position as one of europe 's `` most industrialized '' countries . 
  both are important . 
  the industry provides the physical goods , the tertiary provides services to use them and run society with it . 
   there are about 50,000 unfilled vacancies in the car sector , followed by about 30,000 in shared services  videoton , is having to raise salaries , damn . 
  it 's almost as if they had to pay people more than just bare survival food to have them to work for you in exchange in a modern society / s  push employees to work overtime and become more efficient . 
  how about pay more to recruit even more people instead of driving them away by telling them to work twice as much for the same amount . 
   `` the system is stretched , '' videoton co-chief executive officer otto sinko said in an interview . 
  `` practically everyone who wants to work already has a job . '' well . 
  that 's certainly a sentance you do n't hear every days . 
  i 'm not sure i understand their numbers :  the number of arrivals topped 76,000 , and the number of deaths shot up to 409 on mediterranean routes from 69 in the first six weeks of 2015 , it said . 
  there is 52 weeks in a year . 
  ( 52 / 6 ) * 76 ' 000 should give us an idea of how much we risk taking a year at that rate . 
  about 660k . 
   more than 1.1 million people fleeing poverty , war and repression in the middle east , asia and africa reached europe 's shores last year , most of them heading for germany . 
  how is 660k about `` ten fold '' from 1.1 million ? 
  if anything , that rate is going * down * , by half . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  thank you for the clarification, 
  translation in hard words ( sorry to be so blunt ) : the imf asks ukraine fire kononenko , keep him away from power , and that shokin could work better on corruption cases or get replaced : x, 
   why would the eu disagree ? 
  i think a law like this already exists in many western european countries do you have examples of other eu countries that could enforce a law allowing them to silence critics of the gov with fines just for criticizing the gov and got away with it ? 
  i think it 's still a bit rare here fortunately . 
  even hungaria then poland was yelled at a lot and they did not went the full mile, 
  would n't that end up contradicting various eu agreements & charters and be cut down by bruxelles if used in such ways ? 
  yeah . 
  yet they still use the ab for chickens somehow . 
  there has to be some legal subtlety that escapes me ( or farmer simply do n't give a crap about the law ) .
