   if you ban foreign ownership , i do n't . 
  i 'd ban foreign unused ownership . 
  if they use it , no issue . 
  if however they have a large number of unused property that sits empty forever , it 's another matter . 
  then if it becomes half the capital city of the country , it becomes a * catastrophe * . 
   you still have a limited-size pool to work with . 
  which is still many time largers than the real demand + homelessness + urban immigration + foreign real demand with use of it . 
   you have to deal with people trying to figure out legal loopholes to obtain housing yeah just like the greeks or ukrainians have to close all the million giant fraud loopholes one after another . 
  you just do n't give in to that bullshit , you close them and you pursue the frauders , sorry . 
   if you just permit more housing construction and where ? 
  higher ? 
  too far from paris where nobody will live ? 
  we stop producing food and use fields for it instead and build another town ? 
  in the atlantic ocean ? 
   you wind up with enough housing for everyone . 
  once again : there * is * enough housing . 
  there are just a few greedy fucks that have it all and refuse to share . 
   if the pool is expanded , that concern is ended . 
  no , we are not going to play the speculation and wallstreet games with millions of housing units , sorry . 
  how about i start selling your house on wallstreet and asks you a rent then twice it every year and if you do n't agree i just answer `` build another one elsewhere '' ? 
  how 's that going to be ? 
  thought so . 
   most countries and cities would prefer to have wealthy people showing up not at the expense of destroying your own capital . 
   because they inject money into the city except when they do n't and actually destroy your capital , then take the money away from it by speculating 10 ' 000 % on it like hedge funds then just sending it all back with interests in china . 
  then you have no house , no money , and an empty city falling in disrepair . 
   that companies have been relocating their offices from the ( now very expensive ) core of paris to the outer limits . 
  some , but to some limit : if you go too far from paris your employees ca n't commute there properly , so it 's quite a problem . 
  if you are going that road , head to the province and leave paris entirely , it 'll be easier . 
  another big town like marseilles , nantes or lyon is an option in that case . 
   create sprawl in the us , suburbs are easy to navigate because everyone drive a car and use it to go there . 
  in paris , the congestion makes that impossible in a lot of areas ; and there are half the cars that there are in the us . 
  it 's massively dependant on a public transport network , which tends to be very rare when you leave paris proper . 
   with longer commutes average is already 2h . 
  more is not possible . 
  see above . 
   though i guess it would be possible to improve transportation logistics to some degree they 're already extending slowly some metro & bus lines , but once again that means millions & billions that we do n't have . 
  we 're in recession ffs . 
  austerity is murdering the budget . 
  we ca n't just plop up money we do n't have lest we end up like greece . 
   try to have people fight over what little construction has happened , or again permit high-rise construction . 
  again , no mayor will ever agree to that . 
  it 's political suicide & an immediate carreer ender . 
  you 'd have more success trying to build a serie of skycrapers in front of the white house . 
   if i understand your post correctly , it could be summarized as `` land costs are the constraining factor , rather than construction costs/regulation blocking new construction '' . 
  no , the main constraint is foreign riches buying & renting everything so every landlord price everything for them . 
  our citizens ca n't outcompete them on the prices . 
  so we have to rig the prices to ensure they ai n't all outcompeted out of the town too . 
   their proposal was simply to build further up . 
  and how did that succeeded in making housing affordable in nyc ? 
  or in preventing detroit from collapsing ? 
  look , the us have a lot of place , and a lot of money to invest in buildings . 
  we are in recession , the gov is fighting to scrap pennies on everything ( so forget construction loans & stuff ) , we just passed a construction bubble that burst so no bank will ever trust you any amount of money on the subject , we have no place to build anything ( no , really , you in the usa forget that . 
  there is no unused land in france . 
  period . 
  if you want to build more , you will have to expropriate somebody . 
  that 's already trouble enough just to build roads & highway & municipal stuff ) , and the skyline is regulated as hell in middle paris . 
  forget new buildings in number there let alone skycrappers . 
  and forget building out of town entirely either because people live in paris itself for the jobs there are there . 
  you ca n't do that properly if you commute 6h-7h every day by mass transport ( rer , metro , ... people already commute 2h per day frequently , from paris ' ... border alone ) and forget driving a car in central paris it 's borderline impossible ( congestion is crazy already , so if everyone had to do it every day it 's simply not possible ) . 
  if you tell people they can just commute 6h , they 'll simply pick their stuff and all leave like they currently do since 20 years ( france is really paris vs the rest of the country that they call `` the province '' ) . 
  we have currently 20-30 % of the town empty , and in a couple years if the trend continue it 's going to be 50 % . 
  so instead of expropriating farmer owners and individual houses owners out of town that are used by somebody ( because they live in . 
  ) , how about we tell all the buldings owners in central paris that do n't use it and do n't live in it that it 's time to do something with it and offer affordable prices ? 
  and if the answer is `` you ca n't because it 'll fuck up the free market and the landlords bank account '' , it 'll just encourage me twice as much . 
  look . 
  let me put it that way . 
  imagine half of dc ( ... or detroit . ), 
  was litterally desert ; and that everything was still built and for rent or sold and costed 10 ' 000 ' 000 usd and that the average was a mcjob @ 500/mo . 
  so the entire population just picked up their things and left or packs up at 10 per flat to make it viable . 
  yeah that 's paris future without rent control . 
  that 's how you destroy a town . 
   let 's say that someone speculates that 's ought to end , period . 
  people 's homes are no excuse for speculation . 
  go speculate on something that ca n't make millions of citizens homeless . 
  and no , you ca n't speculate on our food or water supply either . 
   the right way to break that is to go build more houses no . 
  because unlike the us we do n't have empty land , and we wo n't waste money we ca n't afford on building idiotic new buildings with an half empty capital city . 
   that keeps market costs connected to the actual price of housing . 
  at my own level , the market can fuck off after failing everyone like that . 
  it 's not about the money , it 's about everyone having a roof . 
  and if you do n't agree , do n't come here/leave . 
  well ; if the cops want to `` think about the childrens '' ; here 's something they can indeed do . 
  instead of harassing people online because they might watch porn & censoring everything . 
  is n't that like the third incident and retarded use of that law in like a month ? 
   actually , price caps only contribute to reduce the supply even further . 
  no it does n't . 
   just think about it real world data says it does n't work that way . 
   if right now it does n't make any sense to invest your money putting more houses on the market , would you change your mind if the government further restricted the potential revenue of that investment ? 
  then do n't invest in it . 
  in the mean time , those houses will be owned by someone ( because unless paris get firebombed they 'll still exist ) and somebody will have to rent them . 
   so , where would these magic new apartments come from ? 
  we do n't need magic new appartements in paris ; nor will for quite some time ; just to rent the existing empty ones everywhere . 
   oh i wish i had an apartment in paris , but unfortunately you have to fabricate another ad-hominem . 
  province ? 
  and you fear because it 's going to be extended in other big provincial towns ? 
   _   there is no `` free market '' if the state bars any potential investor from investing in real estate to increase the number of apartments in the market . 
  we 're removing the money-loving libertarians from the equation and partly ignoring the market because they destroyed the housing system in paris ( the one intended to house our citizens and avoid them homelessness again ) . 
   this problem is repeated time and again please provide concrete example of where rent control is responsible for mass destruction of a town . 
   fans of centralized economies \\  housing our citizens and ensuring they do n't go homeless because the rent is above their income \\  litterally the ussr under staline / s  do n't take my word for it . 
  just wait and see .
