  well ; that 's definitely a big problem . 
  then , offer ( financial ? 
  access to some schools ? 
  some food stamps ? 
  subsidised rent or cheaper utilities ... ) incentive for people to re home themselves in other neighborhoods to break the parrallele society . 
  organise patrols of cops ( without any specific stop & frisk orders , just to have blue in the streets without them being out for the hunt ) on a volunteer basis paid a nice risk bonus ? 
  and rehabilitate shops & services in it ? 
   `` during the consultation will certainly three major themes : the police cooperation between belgium and france , the co-operation in the field of security and border controls , '' the spokeswoman said the minister . 
  both ministers will exchange information and look at how they can work together . 
  definitely some work to be done here, 
   vast majority ( since presumably , almost all of them were male ) of people who directly participated in the genocide are dead now . 
  would they ? 
  there are even upa members active in ukraine ( fortunately most of them hate the russian invasion more than western countries ) . 
  yes , they are * that * old , sure , but their head still work as far as we found out . 
  and i hope we wo n't find out the hard way with the golden dawn . 
  because the ones that were in iraq ? 
  yeah , they just organized a terrorist attack in france , and lead daesh . 
   it just does n't seem likely that a greek party is full of them . 
  fortunately , nazi surviving supporters never where very subtle . 
  it 's not exactly hard to locate them : http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/g/gr%7dhrav10.gif https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_front_ ( france ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweden_democrats http://www.gulf-times.com/newsimages//2014/3/12/a2132c63-65ca-4044-9b4c-9b345e93ff5f.jpg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syrian_social_nationalist_party etc etc ( i mean the swatiska/ss tattoos and flag everywhere might be hinting at something ... ), 
  yes i 'm sure calling me a retard believing in lezard people will totally change my mind / s, 
   and our government is more than willing to help the refugees financially , which has been already stated numerous times by our officials . 
  it 's not just money but place too we need : /  but think about it , did the `` donation '' from eu for poland pose a direct threat to the freedom and lives of its citizens ? 
  oh come on . 
  like we 're litterally russians under staline 's orders and going to invade you with hundreds of tanks and cut the country in two . 
  tsssk tsssk . 
   and do you think we got this money for free ? 
  no , thanks to this we 've been your bitches for years now you 're not bitches , you got legit eu membership with all the advantages . 
  it simply we help you and you help us . 
  stop taking that russian logic of having inferiors and superior , this is n't what the eu is about but equals , and you know it . 
  it 's unlikely we 'd order you by force/eu treaties to take migrants . 
  but we might start making constant comments , cold shoulder you around a bit , pout in a corner and refuse you help later down the line in a totally petty manner . 
   because politicians like merkel would always disagree and block our development in every possible field ??? 
  i 'm not aware of that story however , can you expand ? 
   not to mention that this money was an investment , not charity money . 
  well it 's true , but it was costly for us too . 
  we all have both rights and moral duties towards each other . 
   have a good education ? 
  ( ... ) have a vouching letter ? 
  have some language ability ? 
  have work experience ? 
  good !, 
  you 're at the top of the list !, 
  it is true that 's how most hiring work , and is used because of obvious ressources and places shortages . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm saying this , but should we manage to find a place to make that damn refugee center for off country processing ; we should do that , agreed . 
  which would also help pick people who needs it/deserve it the most . 
  ( you want priority access and skip half the wait list ? 
  okay , pick up old textbooks and teach yourself tech skills , pass diplomas and 2/3 languages during your off time ! ), 
  difference is , france has still secret services to some degree . 
  i dunno about the state of the stan , but most of them apart maybe kazakhstan seems at african levels of third world . 
  - huge territory , huge population , bad economic situation - perfect place for radical islam ideology to blossom ; and fsb cant control the situation because ... well these are foreign countries . 
  so you are telling me that the ex kgb is n't operating in former ussr & stan countries ? 
  yeah right ... 
  anyway , if the russians want to take palmyra or other daesh territory as a preventive measure ( taking away potential staging grounds ) i 'll be the first to cheer and wish them luck right now . 
   that is not wise murdering hundreds of civilians in france was n't the wisest thing ever . 
  burning alive nato pilot and giving similar fate to a number of people either . 
  selling tens of thousands in slavery , destroying entire villages , killings tens of thousands of iraqi was n't either . 
  etc etc. 
  their list of war crimes would make adolf hitler proud . 
  edit : hell , i 'm saying this , but a number of their high level operatives are in fact `` former '' baathist nazis that worked under saddam and helped gas people . 
   it 's your government 's duty to protect you as a citizen , at my own level , the gov 's responsability is to give me the tools i need to do that . 
  not to hold my hand every step of the way . 
   you can not be concerned for everyone else 's safety it is true . 
  obviously we failed badly in paris . 
  but that does n't mean i 'm going to let people die in daeshi hands if i can avoid it . 
   please tell it to the syrians who say that they 'd rather die from bombs in syria than starve to death in poland ah yes , using 5 or even 20 idiots to characterise half a million citizens . 
  talking about that , you do understand there is like 3 or 4 millions of them hiding behind the ypg army in northern syria ? 
   you can not just force a nation to accept migrants if the majority clearly does n't want them . 
  it 's democracy well , technically the eu was n't forced to hand over 600 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 $ ( 600b . ), 
  to poland as post ussr developpement aid either . 
  sometime we are supposed to give a hand to each other as allies are n't we ? 
  i 'm going the path of `` i 'm not sure some isis fighters even qualify as human material '', 
  they burnt the reichtag and blammed it upon `` the jews '' . 
  daeshis disguised as refugees attack paris , and it get blammed on `` the browns/migrants '' . 
  but either way , at some point , we will end up taking raqqah and finishing them . 
  even if it takes a year or two . 
  we 'll still be there , to finish it . 
  ( i do n't exactly want to publickly describe modus opperandi on a public forum read by daeshis too do i ? ), 
  well ; fair point . 
  we do have ways to identify some of them , and sometime daeshis managed to slip by obviously what with paris . 
  on the other hand , if we refuse all syrians , we 'll have another big social problem with hundreds of thousands of people . 
  yeah it 's always somebody else 's problem , is n't it ? 
  yeah , guess what , if nobody helps nobody society does n't work . 
   would you honestly believe that at this point in time , in europe , ultra conservative christianity would pose the same risks as salafist islam . 
  less in europe because we can still tell them to fuck off , but in the usa ( about a third of modern western occident ) the ultra religious gop party will destroy the country if they are unchecked . 
  i 'm serious . 
  we 're talking about candidates who say [ vote for me god has decided to appoint me ] ( http://www.salon.com/2015/07/22/gods_plan_these_gop_candidates_claim_the_almighty_wants_them_to_run/ ) just like our past kings did when they fucked france for a full millenia . 
  including the infamous carson ( that makes even trump pause ) . 
   statistically speaking muslims that kill in the name of their religion are far more numerous in the last decades . 
  okay . 
  in occident , how many people were put on crosses by muslims , like the kkk did in the usa for 50 years ? 
  we have a * bias * . 
  `` our religion is right , only the others are violent and false '' . 
  sorry , it does n't work that way . 
  christianism does just as much shit in europe , but we our brain carefully filter what it does n't like . 
  it 's an human trait . 
  then there is the medieval christian bullshit in africa , on which i could write pages and pages and pages . 
  they still routinely kill people as `` witches '' in brutal ways there . 
   you can compare medieval christianity mindset with medieval islam mindset , but in the present there is no comparison . 
  christians have , for the most part , adapted to liberal values .
