  money we could use for a lot more usefull things . 
  like the money stole from infra , the money that was originally designed for social spending before it was all stolen/misdirected , procuration money , utilities `` free '' because paid with taxes multiple times ( but privatized and you have to pay again nontheless ... hey ireland how 's that water privatization thing going btw ? 
  ) , tax paid education money in some countries , healthcare , ... and there would still be wads of cash after all that \u00b2 . 
  we 're that rich , the money is just all stolen . 
  and you can miss a step in the stairs and die too . 
  which is tens of thousands of times more likely . 
  should you panic about it ? 
  would that help avoiding the problem or just cause more people dying and more distress ? 
  or do you advocate banning tobacco ? 
  because that kills millions every weeks . 
  better panic about it too ? 
  trump probably will antagonize openly every last one of his allies anyway ... 
  he 's just openly breaking ties before being even attempting to get elected . 
  ( what with the right wing ultra conservatism autoritarianism isolationism currents everywhere nowadays ? ), 
  they want people to panic and articles like this just help them do that . 
  smh, 
  well , i guess it could have been a contributor to poverty . 
  fair point , never saw it that way, 
   these are actual rates collected for year 2012 . 
  i know this is n't true because luxembourg collected defacto less than 1 % taxes with all the `` evasion '' they helped . 
  their 39 % rate is purely `` on paper '' . 
  class it as morbid curiosity , i 'd say . 
  altho the 100bn is probably an exageration or conditionnal imho : it depends whether they break eu finance & safety regulations or not . 
  if they stick with our markets ( as the city will likely want ; and they 're powerfull enough to defend their interests ) ; the loss will be a lot smaller . 
  of course on the other hand , if it 's somebody that 's viciously anti eu and believe the neoliberalism rethoric that `` environmental and work regulations are limiting the glorious free market ! '', 
  and plan to abolish it all and loose all trading ties with us for lack of standards , that take command of the uk , and/or they reinstate visa regimes with us ( `` to keep the strangers out , strangers '' , the usual trump-like right wing populism ... ) , the loss from self imposed isolation could be a lot bigger . 
  ( but hey , their country , their choices . 
  if they screw up even bigger than us , it 's their own business in the end ... ), 
  this is a sham and a kangaroo trial . 
   this is the second time isis directly targeted turkish economy by killing tourists . 
  more than that ; several isis attacks where blammed on pkk ; and i 'm not sure anybody knows yet the full extent of isis terrorist networks in the region . 
  hopefully the recent captures will help having a clearer picture of the problem and reduce further such isis terrorism, 
  what 's the actual rate once you account what is actually collected ( ie remove all `` evasion '' - like fraud from the numbers ) ? 
  because having a `` high '' rate by law is one thing , but if you do n't even collect half of what you wrote in those laws ... like , for example , luxembourg . 
   is greenland even part of europe ? 
  politically it 's an autonomous province of danemark , which is straight in the middle of europe . 
  geographically they 're closer to canada ; culturally/socially/economically , they 're closer to the nordic states ( sweden/norway/finland / iceland ), 
  seems fair to me . 
  is there 's any catch in the lettering that escaped me ? 
  no issues with them being here , but they 'll have to pay their taxes and respect our laws like everyone else  . , 
  that 's some pretty sweet news . 
  we 'll officially be able to put him on trial and bring some closure to the victims . 
  and getting names, 
   `` democracy , freedom and the rule of law , '' have `` absolutely no value any longer , '' president recep tayyip erdogan told local leaders in ankara on wednesday . 
  wow . 
  did he just said from a straight face word for word that the founding values are meaningless ? 
  pretty big insult in the face of some ( us citizens ? ), 
  edit and the kemalists besides , he should want the rule of law to stay , it 's what means the laws ( including anti terrorist ones ) he writes has any value . 
  otherwise , if there 's no rule of law , it 's the guys with the most guns that decide everything . 
  the electorate do n't want to re elect him . 
  and he 's especially unpopular with that work laws he recently pushed . 
  most youths think he 's fucking them over totally and running extreme right wing politics despite being named a `` socialist '' . 
  another ps candidate might have a remote chance , but hollande 's career is fried at least short term  he gets the left-wing firebrand arnaud montebourg , completely opposed to him on all policy , to join him , at that point , even montebourg has more chance than him . 
   there was a sense of `` well , that just happened '' . 
  people voted hollande on the promise he 'd do socialism and be the inverse of sarkozy . 
  turns out he did economical sarkozism since basically macron arrived . 
  it goes far beyond that ; since we saw them do field use testing with a tos-1a in palmyra for example , t90 options that were new on the battlefield etc. 
   which are far inferior to any drone attacks in accuracy and safety to civilians . 
  most of their planes are fitted with gps and computer targeting nowadays ( at least i suspect so ) . 
  even the `` dumb bombs '' ( where the targetting occur on the plane pre delivery ) are scales above the accuracy of an helicopter dropped `` barrel bomb '' and largely contributed to reduce civilian tolls . 
  uh it 's totally unrelated haha . 
  in syria the sdf ( syrian democratic forces , also called hsd or qsd for h\u00eaz\u00ean s\u00fbriya demokrat\u00eek and quww\u0101t s\u016briy\u0101 al-d\u012bmuqr\u0101\u1e6d\u012bya ) is the faction in the north of the country led by the pyd kurds ( with a large number of arabs allies now ) that liberated a large band north of raqqah . 
  it 's one of the coalition biggest allies on the ground and one of the most reasonable factions around ( as opposed to the now islamist-tied fsa in aleppo/idlib . 
  and of course as opposed to the extremely violent isis ) . 
  simple : he ensured assad would n't be removed from power by force and pressured down the islamists that were controling large swats of syria and soft of field tested the latest capabilities of his military . 
  ( truth be told we 're doing a bit similar with a `` removing daesh '' as main goal alongside protecting the sdf ... ), 
  despite my ... varying opinion on the turkish government , i do feel support and sympathy for the victims ( who , btw , where all civilians ) . 
  daily sabah is complete propaganda a la sputniknews or foxnews . 
  also , if they warned the american ambassy a week ago an attack would happen there ; i ca n't help but find it strange they they `` did n't knew '' for 24h + hours who attacked ( especially a 100 % civilian target ; which is quite unusual for the pkk ) . 
  holy hell . 
  condoleances edit : mentions of `` at least five death and 20 injuries '' edit : 27/75 k/i edit : 30 + dead , a dozen living in icu between life and death , and 160 + injured ; all civilian, 
   no one would 've been saying before wwii that the reason these nazi extremists exist is because the welfare state is n't big enough and people do n't get enough education . 
  actually , historically speaking , the nazi wave happened because france & the uk starved germany to death during the `` weimar republic '' as revenge for world war i. hitler was the dude that came in and put all the blame on the back of `` the jews '' and started an `` illegal '' weapon manufacture based new economy . 
  based on waging war on neighbors . 
  since it suddenly fed everyone , they followed him despite his evilness . 
  for example http://www.nytimes.com/1996/12/01/opinion/fighting-crime-with-education.html http://eml.berkeley.edu/~moretti/lm46.pdf etc essentially ; without free ( or very affordable ) education an enormous part of the population ( think 50 % . ), 
  will never have access for-profit education a couple generations down the line . 
  which means they ca n't get a foot in the interesting work environment , which leads to large scale poverty for all those people ; which is the most fertile ground for crime . 
  see all that wealthy middle class in california ? 
  the hipsters ; a generation ago they came from seedy neighborhoods that had no education and no future , and it stills shows in their clothes and manners . 
  drop in some free or cheap education , drop in a bit of social safety net and see the difference ? 
  now take that away and their kids will be peddling drugs in shanties instead just as their parents were . 
  since they 're vaguely aware enought that nobody going in school at all is bad but not yet quite enough to figure out that people do n't have hundreds of thousands on the spare ; their current trick is to force them all to take ~ ~ school mortgages ~ ~ student loans and debts in absurd amounts ( tens of thousands of $ ) to pay that education ; but it 's not going to work very long ( due to high non paying rates because nobody has that kind of money : http://www.wsj.com/articles/about-7-million-americans-havent-paid-federal-student-loans-in-at-least-a-year-1440175645 ) so they made default ( bankruptcy ) on student loans illegal too but making poverty illegal does n't really work either way for some reason . 
   france did n't integrate them well , did n't give them a job , free education and healthcare that 's why they decided to go kill innocent people / s french here , regardless of the origin of our citizens ( and yes i know `` you 're just creating a magnet '' blah blah blah ) ; free education & healthcare do ( amongst other things , almost as a side effect ) reduce significantly that kind of violent occurence ; i fully back that we keep that part of our society ( but mainly because it 's needed to have a healthy society in our current socio-political system in europe ) . 
  but , yes , extreme religion is still a problem . 
  it 's a figure of speech , `` the problem is xxx to begin with '' . 
   still , it is spreading the seed of doubt to other european countries and among the french too . 
  the uk has spoken about leaving ( although yes i admit , they speak of ` actually ' leaving ) , now with the words `` france 's exit from the eu '' not really . 
  simply speaking the front national party ( the extreme right wing one ) is rising in france as a protest of the usual ps/ump parties that do even more extreme right wing policy constantly ( such as vandalizing our work code with a law that basically remove max hour lenght in working shifts , legalize 7d work weeks etc , remove a ton of taxes for corporations ) . 
  so of course when they voted socialist party ( ps in french ) to get socialism and the ps try forcing a law saying that now they have to work monday-sunday included and at 8pm too ( essentially doubling everyone 's work hours ) but not getting any more money for it if their employer do n't want it and they start dismantling even paid or medical leave ; people are pissed ; so they vote fn to protest it . 
  so , the fn is extremely anti eu because they 're funded by people that hate the eu as a coherent organization ( including actual nazis , the ksa , and russia when we fought them in ukraine , in exchange for the fn publickly backing the russian invasion of crimea ) . 
  so they push anti european propaganda and love to pretend that anyone that voted for them ( largely as a protest vote in reality ) is euro sceptic . 
  and they 're allied with the ukip for similar funding/networking reasons so they push the brexit agenda too and in return the ukip push their imaginarily `` supported '' frexit agenda nobody cares about somehow , probably throught their right wing media connections . 
   well when manufacturing moved to china the whole rhine area went down the drain almost , and areas like detroit did too over the course of a few years . 
  there really is no economic sector that is inherently safe . 
  that 's why everybody talk about `` diversification '' i guess . 
  not putting all our eggs in the same basket  the uk came out of the financial crisis pretty well uh . 
  unemployment temporarily exploded , banks crashed in cascade , people stopped paying their mortgage and stuff like that . 
  see how the mortage default eviction rates exploded again past 2004 : http://www.economicshelp.org/blog/761/mortgages/mortgage-default-rates-in-uk/ so i 'm not sure it was `` pretty well '' for everyone . 
  that 's why lots of people think that the gov and a fringe of the population is completely sheltered and living in an ivory tower .
