  it 's not totally up to date ( 1 month old ? ), 
  but gives you an idea of the big positions : http://media.almasdarnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/12315314_10153723308651763_446205052_o.jpg green = rebels red = saa yellow = sdf/kurds black = daesh ( isis ) blue = water , rivers lakes etc ( not a faction ) light green north of the map = turkey ( turkish land proper beyond the border ), 
   tax fraud in the uk is very profitable for the uk . 
  you 'd think so but the money goes behind in ireland then in some tropical island tax haven  the lost corporation tax makes us a fortune in other ways . 
  and even if you were right and you were n't bleeding out toward other countries too , i 'm sorry but we ca n't really tolerate a country helping oligarchs loot all other eu countries . 
  that 's how you start on the road of corruption-induced financial collapse in the eu, 
  then they evade in the uk too because if you fraud in one place why stop there : http://www.actionfraud.police.uk/fraud-costs-the-uk-over-73-billion-says-national-fraud-authority-mar12, 
   there is a problem with an eu with a majority of countries in a currency union , how do you ensure that those countries do n't just pass laws or regulations that give themselves an advantage at the cost of the others ? 
  not by giving the uk the same power of life or death over the futur of everyone else . 
   it 's precisely that , it 's to stop brussels from being able to pass laws/regulations over everyone . 
  and other countries will then ask for exactly the same right , because the eu is a two way street and they do n't want the uk to decide of their laws . 
  then either they do n't get it and they scream about how the uk have all the rights and oppress east europe and decide anything for them like an imperial power ; or they get it and nobody do anything because there is always one isolated blocking country in it 's corner blackmailing the end of their veto over endless concessions on everything else they 'd like . 
  then nothing get done properly ever anymore . 
   but let 's say that the eu passes a regulation that banks have to carry out certain types of financial transactions or services when using a currency in a country where that currency is from , ( for example the clearing houses ) this would mean that financial institutions would be forced to move from london to somewhere in the eurozone . 
  to be entirely honest : - you are going to have to deal with the fact that you are interconnected with the rest of the world , especially with finance . 
  if you run a casino ( finance-based ) economy , that includes risks for you , that 's a fact , and stop blamming the eu for it . 
  and yes there will be some financial stability related legislation you might not entire like if you want to stay in the eu , because nobody wants to see another crash because of another inevitable largescale uk banking fraud like the one you had going on with libor rates . 
  when you 're manipulating that kind of money you 'll inevitably stumble upon a corrupt dude at some point that 'll just take some money from them . 
  and that means some laws that sucks , yes . 
  - a balance of power in the eu is not `` transfert all the powers to london ! '' . 
  - try picturing what happen in a couple decade down the line when cameron 's not in power anymore and if the gov goes extreme right with somebody like trump in charge . 
  what would be the sanity checks ? 
  if not the eu ( ie external oversight that still have at worst some of the interests of the uk in mind ) , then what ? 
  honestly curious if you have a better answer . 
   there is nothing preventing the eurozone countries from passing these kinds of laws as they are in the majority . 
  and if we give you a blanket veto there is nothing preventing for example a farage from blocking the eu to do anything next time the russians wants to screw us over or next time we want to crack down on oligarchs hiding stolen money in the city . 
  pretending that you ( as in `` a single country '' ) need a blanket right on legislation and all the cards in your hands ( over everyone else ) `` because the eu could write specifically english-phobic laws '' is kind of ridicule , sorry . 
   it 's precisely that , it 's to stop brussels from being able to pass laws/regulations over everyone . 
  by giving london a right of life or death over the entire eu 's policy ? 
  sorry but no . 
  it 's a balance thing , not a mass transfert of powers toward london either . 
   there is a problem with an eu with a majority of countries in a currency union , how do you ensure that those countries do n't just pass laws or regulations that give themselves an advantage at the cost of the others ? 
  the draft agreement include two explicit clauses saying that 1 \u00b0 ) yes the eu is a multi currency area and the uk can keep the pound forever if they so desire 2 \u00b0 ) they are protected against an ever closer union and will not have to join/include more . 
  cracking down on fraud always cost money initially . 
  but then quickly you recover a lot more money then save even more on fraud non happening after that . 
  at that point i 'd almost compare it to the fraud in ukraine but that would vexate a lot of people . 
   how about falklands ? 
  the englishs would probably know more than me on that ; but a quick search on the internet do n't reveal muchhttp : / / en.mercopress.com/2016/01/30/falklands-has-announced-a-health-advice-and-warning-on-the-zika-virus, 
  there have been some . 
  it 's not however * geographically * in europe . 
  and it 's still 110b we have a lot better uses for , what with the economic crisis and all . 
   now , besides illegal immigrants , you have foreign `` angry kids '' to deal with . 
  they 're not `` foreign '' they 're `` just '' british-born anars , they 're part of the landscape from my own point of view  there should be no jungle which is why it 's getting dismantled , but one thing at a time, 
  because they 're a non profit ; while most of our economy is for profit . 
  but good point they 're a niche at risk of collateral damage . 
  hmmm . 
  maybe an exception could be valid with a slightly lower floor or workfare for non profit workers . 
   if a worker only brings in 40k per year , you do n't start paying him 50 . 
  average worker bring in like 200k to a million to their company , per year , in reality in western europe . 
  50k is peanuts in reality . 
  do n't buy in their stuff . 
  they do n't recruit you by charity . 
  they recruit you because you make them filthy rich . 
  asking for a living wage is the least they can really do . 
  like , you never saw a punk or anarchist throw stones to the cops while yelling `` fuck the police '' . 
  i mean , yeah they 're in trouble for that but let 's not exagerate it out of proportion . 
   but it does n't really have anything to do with anarchists in calais ... actually it does , their guts tell them to help the migrants and they see the cops as authority oppressing them ( which under other less good circumstances could have been ) ( as to why they dislike cops ? 
  well , remember that post 09/11 police state that tried to export itself in the uk and europe accross the atlantic , well obviously you have never been on the wrong side of it ), 
  i think they 're petty `` criminals '' and the affair is vastly overblown to justify a lot of social issues in the uk and blame us for them instead of trying to address them . 
  but i 'm aware i do have a slight bias ~ ~ ( i mean yeah it 's bad to throw stones at the cops in riot gear and you get in serious trouble if caught but it 's almost an old french tradition since 68 : \u00b0 nothing new we do n't know about . 
  well `` modern '' french cops likely mostly dont deserve it but old habits die hard ) ~ ~, 
  allright , people , please stop helping them passing around illegally to the uk it 's causing a lot of problems . 
  finding local solutions in france for people stuck here might be a better priority for the moment . 
  at least that 's the message i 'd pass if i could . 
  and bringing in proper sanitation conditions ( ca n't they connect to water the containers-built housing ? ), 
   amid fresh calls for the army to be deployed at the `` jungle '' camp ahaha lol no . 
   should obviously be the first to come down heavily upon them ordering around french justice around in their own problems while you do n't do much yet about tax fraud that costs you dozens if not hundreds of billion of # a year  .  humpf , i 'm not saying you have your priorities wrong but ... 
   the problem is that it 's difficult to catch this : fraud is always difficult to catch . 
  but that 's why we invented the minimal wage nontheless and made slavery illegal . 
  despite republicans arguments that having to pay slaves ( then having to pay workers a living ) would destroy the economy and companies and cause fraud and blah blah blah  the employees and the employer have an interest in colluding in this case until the employee wake up and realise that it 's not in his interest to collude in handing back his pay check to his employer . 
   and without one of them having an interest in exposing it , it 's harder to identify . 
  we both knows tax organisations can read bank accounts in the country , which is how they catch frauders as a first resort . 
  if an employer systematically or frequently recover their wage from their employees , it 's going to be happy time for them . 
   but critics call the new rule discriminatory and say it will strip britain of lower-paid artists , health care workers and tradespeople . 
   but he 's not . 
  harbord performs at kids ' birthday parties as a pirate . 
  and when he heard his friend shannon harmon might be forced to leave , he got angry . 
  `` just '' ask more money . 
  the employer will have to pay a bigger pay defacto , because they still need employees since they wo n't do everything themselves . 
   harmon works for a nonprofit and says charity workers , who are n't paid well , contribute more than those in the finance industry . 
  then their charity will have to pay them more instead of importing more people to pay them less . 
  initially of course they will pretend they have no money and close a few shop & fire some people to keep playing their tune ; but 6 months to a year in ( 2/3/4 ... ) reality should settle and they will have to recruit again & keep paying people if they want to stay in business around . 
   `` i think from our point of view as a union , we always look at migrant workers as an asset and a resource in the country . '', 
  exactly . 
  one that should be paid a living . 
   that being said , it does seem like it 's prone to kickbacks , where someone would be making $ 40k/year and their employer pays them $ 50k/year and expects them to , via various mechanisms , pay $ 10k/year back . 
  that 's one ridiculous argument against forcing a higher wage if i ever heard one . 
  and if a robber baron force his employees to hand back their wage , you control , crackdown & put the culprits in jail . 
  you do n't make it legal for them to recover that money by lowering the threshold . 
   however , during world war ii , wage caps this is n't a maximal wage . 
  this is a * minimal * wage . 
   providing non-wage compensation , like health insurance , dental insurance , etc , to dodge the wage ceiling 2 lines above you are arguing they will steal their employees even their wage , not providing them more . 
   it 's possible to trade perks or working conditions into wages . 
  well no because the wage would fall below the legal cash threshold and they 'd be legally forced to let go their employees . 
  if they want employees , they have to pay them . 
  that law seems perfectly adequate to reduce the incentive towards both wage scams ( lowering minimal wage by importing unpaid pakistanis ) and reducing wage unskilled immigration by making it less attractive for the employer ( who then is less tempted to pay smugglers or officials to import in 1m cheap workers ) . 
  now they 'll need to actually control that employers respect that new law , but that 's definitely a right step in the right direction . 
  i can only approve it, 
  looks like another forever in jail followed by deportation . 
  if you 're going to act line isis , you 're going to get treated like isis .
