  but system wide ? 
  that kills it if they all do it . 
   the reason why greek are feeling pressure is that they are adjusting to a lower level of gdp where they would had naturally been without the debt bubble . 
  or , because we forced them to fire everyone so nobody in the country has any money left to spend and since they have an import-driven economy , if nobody can import anything , the entire economy simply dies . 
   the compromise that the juncker and institutions came up that no pensions would be cut but ekas would be cut . 
  then `` suddenly they decided '' to cut both once he was out of the picture . 
  yeah . 
   i would put my blaming finger on this to syriza [ of course . 
  of course . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/victim_blaming )  do remember that if pensions would be cut , it would hurt mostly ex-public workers that are also voters of syriza . 
  looking at the cuts it 'll hurt everyone because half the cash in the country is going away . 
  and they have no money left to import anything . 
   the interest rates that eurozone countries pay are extremely low . 
  so , say you have an account that say 0 $ . 
  whether you owe 1b or 1.005 b or 1.2 b is irrelevant : it 's not viable . 
   but like i said before , if greeks do n't want to even pay interests , then they can default then you kick them out of the eu and freeze trade with them and all their accounts abroad `` to recover the money '' . 
  which will even starve them some more . 
  there 's no winning move for them there . 
  it 's blackmail rationning or outright starvation to death . 
  you know what they say about not putting an angry afraid dog in a corner ? 
   all eurozone countries that have loaned money have already understood that greece will not be able to pay back its debt in any short term future . 
  and now you are using that against greece to put constantly harder terms on them . 
   that is why greece got relief to interest rates and maturities of loans were extended . 
  let me correct you : you only extended the maturities because if not syriza would have been immediately removed by a revolution at home then the gd would have been immediately in power and their first action i do n't want to think about it . 
   if debt would be cut , then there would be backlash in other eurozone states that would basically shut in any new emergency loans worse than a greek nazi party in power plotting to attack turkey , put immigrants in concentration camps and killing germans on sight , defaulting on all debts , harassing fyrom ; and some more ? 
  did you ever looked at how the greek junta could be ? 
   the fine line that eurozone politicians are trying to walk is to make sure that greece does n't go bankrupt and that it starts to grow , but get as much loaned money back as possible . 
  and i think they 're asking for way too much for proper growth . 
  i do n't know , honestly . 
   they would n't be kicked , even sch\u00e4uble confirmed this . 
  however if greece would default its loans , then financially the best option for it would be to exit the eurozone and thus the eu . 
  basically , that would make them de facto out of the eu , the same . 
   in case of humiliation , getting an 80 billion eur loan from other eurozone states is hardly humiliation . 
  [ cutting the pension and food out of 70y old pensionners because the cash has to go to germany to pay back debts `` because you are overspending like drunk sailors '' definitely is . 
  ] ( http://blogs.afp.com/english/public/greece/greece_cryingman/.greece-cryingman4_m.jpg ) [ and you know the image the greeks have of germany right now ? 
  the one of cops that just suppress the problem by removing it from sight . 
  ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/image/6595418-3x2-700x467.jpg ) so , let me tell you the sympathy capital for germany is * quite short * in greece too . 
   should the other eurozone state just gifted tsipras with that 80 billion eur ? 
  actually , i think they should drop the bs on pensions and ekas and a few other points like it ; yes . 
  because otherwise it 'll get them a war ( yes , a real one ) that will costs everyone a lot more . 
  and , again , the golden dawn do n't give a shit about what people like you or i would say too them . 
  they 'll answer with bullets . 
   i do n't think that would have gone so well with citizens of those eurozone states . 
  so , the greek gov has to ruin his country and repeatedly lie to them at russian levels of propaganda ; but the others can just take a walk `` because it 's not our debt problem in fact '' ? 
   if people in greece decide to vote for golden dawn , then they will . 
  if golden dawn will default , then they will . 
  people vote for whoever will get them out of eating pastas every day and selling the couch to pay the next power bill . 
  and the only ones after syriza that say they will are the actual nazis . 
  no this is n't intended as an insult against germany . 
  it 's actual , real , greek nazis . 
   if you want to see liberal economic policies in action why not go the the nordics , to finland and sweden uhhh , you mean the ones called `` welfares states '' ? 
  what germany just asked greece to abolish ? 
   i would rather compare greece to former yugoslavia , it has a mixed economy , bloated public sector employees more people than it needs , publicly owned companies cause huge losses , etc. . . and maybe you should let syriza do the reform they offered instead of telling them to starve the pensionners to death and sell the powerplants ? 
   bank of greece has 3000 employees . 
  the bank of finland including financial authority has 600 . 
  shuffle them in other departments ? 
  there 's a serious need for maintenance employees , retrain them and put anyone that can hold a shovel to construction work . 
  redirect accountants to other services , etc. 
   this is the greek model and it does n't work neither did starving african countries with debts and abolishing their welfare system . 
  name me one country where the lifestyle actually rose by destroying pensions and healthcare ? 
   just employing people in the public sector does n't create value by itself , those people actually have to produce something to generate value . 
  ah , there we go : corporate bullshit . 
  i 'm just going to post that one : https://s3.amazonaws.com/lowres.cartoonstock.com/business-commerce-streamline-downsize-downsized-slave-row-wmi100817_low.jpg you ca n't make the country a successfull one by scamming everyone out of their income ( pension , wage , ... ) and firing all the rest . 
  especially when there 's already a 40 % unemployment rate badly hidden by rigging official statistics . 
   that is regrettable , but the situation is what it is . 
  well , let me tell you it 's regrettable but it 's war you 're going to have if you persist continuously more with that debt bullshit . 
   maybe if the greek state would redistribute money more fairly and not spend 16.2 % of gdp to pensions `` maybe if the greek gov redistributed money to pensionners and employees instead of paying them pensions and wages '' wait what ? 
  it 's exactly what redistribution is called . 
   nobody has suggested that to happen . 
   varoufakis suggestion on creating an investment fund got positive feedback from many places , even from finland and he was fired . 
   greece , italy , portugal and spain have lost competitiveness not against germany or other northern countries but against chinese and other manufacturers in developing countries . 
  right . 
  i still find it funny that most of said euros end up in german and uk 's investors pockets but country like greece only have debts . 
   and if you look at germany , most of its trade surplus is formed from exporting to non-eu/non-eurozone countries trade surplus , another thing greece does n't have and ca n't have without building factories with money they do n't have ( because gottah pay germany first and no markets access ) . 
   to make the situation better , troubled countries in south have to not only export more to other eurozone countries , but they also have to work for their products and services on selling better around the world . 
  which takes ... oh ; yes , you got it . 
   what do you do with tanks if you do n't have money to fuel them ? 
  the russians did found out the hard way that we could fuel and supply ammo to them . 
  just like my home country ( france ) did found out the hard way that post versaille germany could fuel their panzers . 
   greece spend 16.2 % of its gdp to pensions . 
  then maybe the issue is the gdp getting murdered by the austerity ( the income ) and not the spending ? 
  if money 's not supposed to pay for the rent and car loan and food of the citizens , what is it intended to ? 
  only pay germany ? 
  pay private jets for the billionaires while everyone is in shit ? 
   other countries such as finland spend 12 % , and germany , austria , etc. . spend over 10 % because germany as a way bigger gdp . 
  per capita germany spend wayyyyyyy more money on every citizens . 
   in finland that ages faster , at the peak in 2030 it is calculated that around 15 % of the gdp is used to pensions i was always wondering how things would turn out there if age-slowing meds did manage to hit the market before that cap . 
   fact of the matter is that greek pension spending must be cut , there is no way around it . 
  yes , but stuff like ekas , no limit on wage collections or joking about taking land ? 
  i 'm tempted to just say `` get lost '' . 
   the greeks can either cut down ekas or actually no , the troika was deciding the conditions on that one ? 
  people were saying varoufakis tried to negociate with the results we all know ; and they started at him for 5min without moving like he insulted them , then they started repeating their conditions for `` the only possible agreement '' ? 
  or did i got everything wrong ? 
   the greeks pay less as interest payments ( 2.5 % ) sorry but the fact that some countries has it worse than greek does n't make greece 's situation any better . 
  whether you are loan sharking and harassing the guy for a 10 % or 2.5 % debt is still harassing them for a debt . 
   and thus could n't refinance loans to be paid back to imf and ecb so according to you one of the best way to a sustainable greece debt swapping with another debt with new interests piled on top of all the pasts ones ( ie more debts in the end ) ? 
  is n't that what killed a lot of third world countries like ressource rich african nations or in southern america ? 
   if the greek situation does n't become better until that time , maturities of these bonds will further be extended . 
  that however can definitely help if no further debts pile on top of it, 
  in exchange for new loans and austerity that destroyed their gdp ( and therefore income ) .
