  the kind of things you find when you dig a bit ... bleeeh . 
   ` soviet soldiers attacking polish girls ' . 
  soldiers turning to crime when moral is very low is a thing in every armies , sadly . 
   [ all ] soviets were murderers and rapits that 's absolutely not true , and i 'll be the first to say it . 
  but staline , beria and some others ( caucescu comes to mind ) where complete bastards and led to needless deaths in the millions just to keep terror running . 
  denying stuff like the katyn massacre ( or gulag or holodomor ) is no better than denying the vichy gestapo during wwii ( or the rafle du velodrome d'hiver in france ) and does no service to anyone . 
  on staline 's orders , yes . 
  and that was 100 % unacceptable . 
  there are no circumstances where massacring large numbers of your citizens or random civilians like that is ok . 
   its baffling : not really when you realize it 's suggested & puppetted by russia . 
  of course the kremlin wants our leaders to commit national suicide . 
   at slowing down the fight against corruption and at protecting people investigated under graft charges . 
  what a surprize / s glad people are n't letting it fly tho , 
  well there have been word of a `` real ira '' radical movement ramping up in northern ireland . 
  i do n't know much about details apart that they have some former disgruntled ira thinking that ira was n't going far enough . 
  maybe it is linked . 
  edit : the wiki article has some info and speaks about `` dissident republicans '' too , same words the police used in that bbc article https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/real_irish_republican_army, 
   pro-business rightwinger manuel valls well if valls is `` pro business '' wait till you stumble upon emmanuel macron , actual rotschild banker . 
  as in , `` rotschild the oligarchic mafia banksters family '' . 
  but , well , i expect i will likely have to pick whether to vote for either hamon/valls ( depending who the ps pick ) or melanchon . 
  depending on who score the most i guess . 
   how would britain get an advantage from it compared to a tax haven that is in the eu ? 
  it would n't . 
  but apparently the brexiters are persuaded the brexit will somehow make them richer . 
  the bit they 're not saying/knowing/getting is that it 'll make a select few richers by removing bruxelles ' anti corruption oversight . 
  but , essentially , in case of hard brexit a lot of company might end up leaving the uk, 
   hardcore stalinist damn , you ai n't joking , the guy apparently had a knack to shoot his own generals and underlings for `` failing him '' , and large amounts of people to keep terror running . 
  almost a caricature villain too, 
  well i know about him because i 'm vaguely curious , but i 'm trying to point out that the average voter wo n't . 
  and , obviously , the average voter makes the bulk of the voting force !, 
  well , yeah . 
  there is no unifying candidate there as of now . 
  no hard hitting name . 
  holland was known , in his own manner . 
  now , you look at half the ps candidates , and apart valls , you go `` who ? '' . 
  one might suspect the ps ( & it 's candidates ) forgot how to sell itself and campaign . 
  and , of course , probably just as impressive albeit in a different manner , venice , 
  ah , just passed by the other day , it 's a church now i believe . 
  interesting remainder of the original architecture of that era , 
  there are some parralleles , albeit i wo n't use them to call trump hitler . 
  more of a societywide set of similar issues : - populism ( duh , the obvious one ) - largescale poverty spreading to most of society while the wealthy get always more wealthy . 
  - violent hateful minority with a scapegoat to blame - having forgotten as a society what war at home really is like and that it kills large amounts of people and that it might not in fact be a good thing : / . 
  back to more modern times , we have n't forgotten ukraine . 
  simply speaking much of the action is in the background ( decorruption , reconstruction , urbanization , utilities , investment in industry , agricultural processes , development of ties to export surplus and manufactured hardware , education , fixing shortages of medecine , attracting foreign investors , reducing or if possible putting a stop to violent armed corporate takeovers , trying to reduce the bribe culture , fighting off the inflation , helping rising wages when possible , modernizing the economy , adressing public debts ... ) currently so that does n't speak as loud to the press . 
  also , there is that constant slow burning on the eastern front , yes . 
  hey , that is one hell of a fascinating one . 
  seeing the honest perspective of current-like americans on the area/period , without the usual massive layers of propaganda for public consumption ( this is an internal work document ) . 
  ~ ~ unfortunately staline was still killing large amounts of his own citizens and running terror and opression at the time . ~ ~ edit : correcting myself , this document is of 1954 , and staline died in 53 . 
  it 's in the middle of the destalinization attempt under krutchev and , obviously there is a , hum , ( sorry for the caricatural wording but i do n't see how to render it in english properly ) free-market-capitalism cultural bias ( point of view ? ), 
  on the writer 's view . 
  and with that detachement it 's a bit like hearing an attempt at a documentary of other species . 
  but otherwise that 's largely fitting reality to what i could hear/peek/got reported . 
  \\ - disclaimer : i do not conspire nor intend to support bringing back communism in europe or occident . 
  things somewhat moved on to `` welfare supported regulated capitalism '' nowadays ( what you can see in scandinavia ) . 
  i guess i 'm just fascinated by the flashback . 
  terrible accident . 
  condoleances : /, 
  nice camera angle and scenery pick , it looks like a bit like venice , 
  great news , i welcome it , 
   once he got security clearance and saw the dossiers of those inside its wall , he knew that releasing them would 100 % lead to deaths by terrorism . 
  in which case they could still be tried , and transfered to a supermax like adx florenco , instead of being left floating in a former torture prison symbolic of the old system, 
   nor giving them a trail . 
  agreed , there should be a trial , resulting in an appropriate sentance ( my bet would be most likely jail , mandatory attendance to psychological & debrainwashing programs , additionnal suspended time and/or probably mandatory serious community work ) . 
  i do believe we have the means to try a few hundreds of people in a first world country . 
   the crime is not easy to prove well if they joigned isis they commited treason . 
  there are quite a number of case where they told people they went there ( to help isis ) or took pictures and such . 
  they sure ai n't wasting their propagandists, 
   am i the only one that is troubled about this ? 
  theodore roosvelt reportedly swore on a law book . 
  things certainly took a strange turn with the add in of ~ ~ allah ~ ~ god everywhere in the us government . 
  we ca n't really blame that one on trump ( he just followed the current inauguration protocole ~ ~ probably really in place since the cheney erh i meant gw bush administration afaik ~ ~ ) , but the evangelists certainly are hungry to spread their religious moral thing . 
  edit : most likely relevant http://edition.cnn.com/2016/01/22/politics/seven-types-of-evangelicals-and-the-primaries/ edit : to partly correct myself , a lot of historian reportedly attribute that change to the cold war era politics , to oppose the `` godless faithless damn reds '' . 
  the french gov do n't base it 's entire foreign policy on beijing 's orders . 
  marine does receive her marching orders from the kremlin . 
  well yeah they want access to the euro market ; it 's not like we did n't repeatedly told the englishs . 
  ^ ( but , really , tbh i should n't complain too much if the money comes in my country  .  ), 
  errrh can they focus on the more important things like bad terribad neolib aspects of his politics like cutting apart employee rights `` because big gov bad '' ? 
  in france we say that `` l'argent n'as pas d'odeur '' ( money has no stench ) , but you can smell the rubbles from there, 
  haha sure ; but as i said i 'm betting on the pound moving when brexit actually happens , not earlier . 
  but yeah ok, 
  bordering westeros et legoland , haha perfect , 
  i suspect earth could actually sustain decently as many as 60 billions people with proper management . 
  some cities ( like in japan or california or nyc or berlin , london , ... ) are extremely dense ; and rely on actually a smaller footprint than you might suspect . 
  now we do n't have the tech yet , but saying `` 8b is too much '' is just ridiculous . 
  edit and regarding the current situation , if you think we risk to destabilize the current economy with too many people at once ; fair enough , but in that case offering free birth control might be a better solution than trying to artificially impoverish people to line up some people pockets while pretending that it 's `` because there is n't enough stuff to go around '' . 
   well owning a hotel complex is n't denying people housing if you think the people in the slum can move in that private hotel without getting shot by the security , i got a bridge to sell to you . 
   the world is extremely overpopulated is my main point ridiculous . 
  we have an obscene mismanagement problem . 
  it 's not that the ressources are n't there , but that they 're all in the hands of a few that refuse sharing anything with anyone . 
  of course he did . 
  he had already namelists for arrest ready when the `` coup '' happened and moved on it within 24h . 
   as big as their houses are they dont live in the housing of 3.6 billion people . 
  in reality , [ that hotel complex ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/14/99/4c/14994cbdeb59bc584ecd9f973b89eae5.jpg ) is owned by one person . 
  if you think this is how things should be , then maybe you need to get your head checked , if only for stockholm syndrome . 
  and , that one is n't even gold plated , unlike a certain peotus ', 
   i 'm pretty sure this statistic includes assets net worth . 
  almost none of these 8 people is a cash billionaire . 
  actually they probably are . 
  and are asset trillionaires too . 
   it 's a shame .
