  i might not agree with everything they did , but i have to admit it 's not exactly the same level of thing . 
  old laws that are n't used anymore . 
  i can find some similar in every countries : http://www.dumblaws.com/laws/international/france, 
  yeah no . 
  that 's not how it works in european countries , sorry mr erdogan . 
  but feel free to sponsor a song mocking us if you so want ... 
   and start lynching anyone above median income please  i do n't have a problem with people earning more , i have a problem with them looking for excuses to avoid ( what i think is ) normal taxes \\ ^ \\ ^ '' but you 're right , to each his own, 
   you seem to have a lot of faith in what good taxing the shit out of people does for society . 
  it 's not faith , it 's about the only way i know of redistributing wealth that does not end up in largescale damages when people are tired of being poor . 
   sure you need some taxes but no need to go berserk . 
  yeah sorry , right about that  and fuck the rich nonsense while working and living in the uk and enjoying the opportunities those filthy capitalist pigdogs have provided you . 
  home 's in france for me ; and we always had a long culture of `` fuck the rich '' as you say ;-) albeit with less camps and lakes of fire than the dprk i guess . 
  imho , it 's more about how the replacement will be acting . 
  yatsenuik did a nice job during a very dark period of ukrainian history . 
  other people would ` nt have done as good at the time . 
  now that things are peaceful ( edit : well a bit less insta death risk ) however who knows . 
  maybe he 'll ( volodymyr groysman ) manage to push more reforms . 
  plus he has no serious corruption attached to his name either afaik . 
  edit war time and peace time governments are very different ( and with ukraine there 's always the risk of worse people bth ), 
   tax avoidance is not illegal neither is bribery ( `` superpac '' ) in the usa  and frankly not even immoral imo . 
  uhhhh . 
  yes , yes it is . 
  76k could feed a dozen familly for a couple years . 
   good economics means not pissing away money when you do n't have to , that includes taxes . 
  good economy is having a budget first , and when 2/3 of it goes missing since 50 years because the money is untaxed and leave to panama or bahamas or ...  i suspect a lot of people would rather find creative ways to pass on their inheritance but , their kids might live in a third world country if they all do that . 
  when taxes do n't get paid , stuff like the nhs ( aka `` s\u00e9curit\u00e9 sociale '' in france . 
  you know the department tasked with keeping you alive ? 
  yes , that one ) and water companies will stop exisiting altogether . 
  it 's what happened in michigan in the usa , it 's what happened in greece , it 's what happends in country that do n't collect their taxes . 
  that 's a fast way to light a fire under your own kids . 
  but i guess people do n't care as usual, 
   if you do n't think people should be able to pass gifts tax free to their children then get rid of the tax relief on gifts . 
  well , i wish but i ca n't personally since i 'm french ( ~ ~ and it 's not worth a diplomatic incident to get in a fight for illegal action i guess ~ ~ ) , and neither can the protestors in front of his office : only the english gov can , which is headed , by , you get it , mr cameron ( but yes i do think he should ! ), 
   but that 's literally how taper relief on iht is meant to work . 
  he paid the taxes was required to by law . 
  spirit of the law vs letter of the law . 
   this is literally how taper relief works and what thousands of people do every year . 
  well if nobody pays taxes the system will be in trouble because a large fringe of the population is never going to have anything if the `` haves it '' never transfert anything back to the `` have not '' in the next generations ??? 
  forced partial redistribution ( aka taxes ) is pretty much the only tool to level the playfield at that scale edit ; as a side note  there are many reasons to dislike cameron . 
  this is reaching pretty hard . 
  i do n't dislike him ( but that 's not supposed to influence whether people pay or not !, 
  this is the difference between a state of law and a patronage system i guess . 
  people should pay their taxes in proportion of what they can and do contribute to society , not friendship sorry :d ) . 
  and you are right , this is a system issue , not really cameron 's . 
  altho he has `` some '' responsability in the sense that as a prime minister he 'd have serious influence upon such questions - even if i believe the decision is in the parliament 's hands ? - ; and my point there is people see it `` another guy in charge using his position to get the rich to weasle out '' ( regardless of that specific case not being really being that in truth ) ; the fact that until 2010 he helped some companies to avoid taxes , according to some , did not help either that perception, 
   had mr cameron received the half a million pounds in one lump sum he would have been liable to pay the inheritance tax because it would have been over the tax threshold of # 325,000 . 
  did n't he avoided a noticeable part of it ? 
  now do n't mind me , i obviously do n't wish anything bad on his family ( may they live long & well , like everyone else . 
  ) , but i do n't think the date of death ( or lack of ) should affect his taxes like that, 
  pay your taxes on that money !!, 
  hey , i was joking  which seems to be all too common on this sub . 
  in real life you mean :p, 
  says the country that still lives under royalty and speaks american / s edit  in another stinging attack , the presenter said the french government 's decision to fund the study of french in north african nations was akin to a `` form of imperialism '' . 
  coming from the country that still runs a `` commonwealth '' , that 's rich :d, 
  should n't that guy be in prison for bribery , theft , embezzlment , contribution in multiple conspiracy , bribing other officials , using slave labor in qatar and such ? 
  i also do n't think mr blatter contributed any significant actions toward the system that 'd justify any exceptional leniency . 
  so , the very least he could do at that point is get himself out of sight and business . 
  edit typo , grammar, 
   switzerland is not a tax haven http://generator-meme.com/inc/media/memes/and-then-i-said.jpg, 
  my guess would be they 're salafists , but not to the point of killing people like isis, 
   will it include those inside the eu ? 
  or close to . 
  \\* looks at a certain mountain country fond of chocolate and clocks \\*, 
  even if they wo n't just quite yet join the eu anytime soon ( give it at least 10 , possibly 20/30 years before they 're actually ready for that ) ; the journey toward eu standards and economics and amplifying trade is pretty much their only way out of that giant economic mess right now . 
  well then , easy . 
  use some of that money to wipe greek debts . 
  ( germans screaming at the idea in 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... ), 
   the organized crime is ambition-less though i do remember stolen cars and stolen art traficking . 
  tho they do n't blow themselves up yelling `` allahu ackbar '' yes . 
  so i guess that 's indeed a step up . 
  erh . 
  i 'm afraid there is n't anything really new or interesting about russia in the leaks , no disrespect intended ( no matter how much some medias like foxnews love to spin it ) . 
  most of the interesting stuff is about corruption in western countries , and might be usefull to help clean our own house . 
   why would you keep all 3 in your office ? 
  eastern europe . 
  in ukraine they all did the same . 
  personnal safes and massive amounts of gold , diamonds , etc etc. 
  e.g : [ ukraine police find 42 kg of gold in home of ex-energy minister ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/ukraine-crisis-corruption-idusl6n0mj0cl20140322 ), 
   gypsies do n't do terrorism either , despite being considered a pariah in most european societies . 
  very interesting point . 
  altho some of their poorest fringe do tend to end up frequently associated to organized crimes , which probably does not help either, 
  it 's kind of an attenuating circumstances problems . 
  it does not excuse the problem or attitude of terrorists . 
  but working on it early before the incidents might help reducing incidents . 
  so , was it an air france bad decision or did the iranian asked for it ? 
  looks like the imf asked for even more austerity on top of that . 
  seems like there might be a few court martials in order . 
  if those acts are real they are a disgrace on our military . 
  i heard they got the culprit, 
  the most `` surprizing '' bit is probably this time it 's not germany 's fault ; it 's plainly the imf plotting by itself ( and going as far as planning to blackmail the ecb/germany to go even too far for them ), 
  i 'm just saying your source is not a source but simply confabulating what they want to see because they 're old religious fanatics that reject everything that happened after the french revolution . 
  not even the church use latin for anything here . 
   i 'm not talking about people speaking latin today . 
  i 'm talking about the use of latin in the catholic mass. 
  hey , my parents where catholics and dragged me at the time at the mass every we , and nobody used latin . 
  they sing stuff in languages they do n't understand regularly but that 's it . 
   i provided you with 2 links ( in french ) saying that latin was still used in the catholic mass up until 1965 except fore some \u201e innovative '' churches , it 's quite the contrary , priests that speak latin enough to even make mass with it is an exception there . 
   look ffs : il y a 50 an quoting la croix is like quoting donald trump as gospell : they 're a radical ultra conservative catholic newspaper that has royalists leanings . 
  unless you have nostalgia of a pre 1700 era france , that does n't mean anything . 
  i edited my post with more info  so no evidence , huh ?
