  there were more people in a single brigade on the front ... afaik but of course hezbollah media does n't seem like the most perfect source on some of their ennemies somehow . 
   yet most of the help we 've sent them for years now end up in jihadi hands . 
  actually no . 
  some ended up in nusra 's hand , but the tanks & such used by daesh where abandonned by the iraqi army when the iraqi army mass deserted in mosul , then fallujah , ramadi , etc etc. 
  that 's where like 80 % of their weapons came from . 
  ( i mean , the iraqi litterally left the storage hangars open & everything there untouched & dropped uniform & ran . 
  and the isf was armed by the americans for years so ... ) the rest being private individuals ( rich saudis in the ksa , rich islamists in qatar etc ) and before that i suspect turkey to some degree . 
  i can only welcome the recent russian naval cooperation in that business . 
  at my own level , this cooperation is excellent news , even if in sad circumstances . 
  \\ #jesuischarlie, 
   the location does n't matter , it 's the preachers you have to stop . 
  one does not preclude the other  they apparently have only two cops who even understand arabic . 
  time to recruit & offer bonuses to the cops to learn the language properly then . 
  threatens ? 
  we need to * do * it , agreed : /, 
   and you 're right , i mean it 's not like there 's a giant statue of jesus christ in poland or that poles are not one of the most religious nations in europe or anything ... 
  they 're commies . 
  / s religious yes , but any muslim under staline would have either hidden it or died so ...  i did n't mean iceland , finland or switzerland here , for example . 
  you do know we did arrested islamists in those countries too , right ? 
  but since they did n't outright exploded yet it did n't made the news . 
  but ahh , it was n't on frontpage cover unlike france so it must mean it 's the french 's fault they got blown up right ? 
   the holocaust started with the ability to revoke jews citizenship , your argument is a ridiculous hyperbole and do n't help taking you seriously . 
  the holocaust you refer to started by assaulting millions of people for their religion and ethnicity . 
  do putting people in prison also mean we are litterally hitler for imprisonning one of the paris terrorists , since the nazi also imprisonned jews ? 
   because each little nuance can get bent and suddenly you can deport dissenters in 25 years or worse one of the best way to keep that slide from happening is for a start to avoid having [ proud and self admitted nazis in power ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn_ ( political_party \\ ) ) ( yes , they do have a nazi flag as their party insignia ) rising in power when we brought countries to their knees , like greece with the golden dawn rising because they promise to tell germany to fuck off with the debts . 
  not by going after people singling terrorists that just attempted to murder thousands and where caught with explosive vests . 
  and if you do n't want to loose nationality , simply dont : - do n't personally join a known terrorist group & death cult that want to cause the end of the world ( e.g : daesh ) - do n't personally participate in 09/11 level of terrorist attack in european capitals - dont personally declare war on your former nation and proceed to behead or otherwise torture to death large number of peoples, 
   yeah , obviously those poles are radicalizing so fast and that 's why that terrorist attack in warsaw ... staline purged any religion on sight for decades by litterally sending everyone to gulag concentration camps by the dozens of millions . 
  that certainly changed quite a few things about the levels of religious extremism in the area . 
  i 'm not sure it would be wise to do the same tho . 
   in fact , terrorist attacks in europe happen only in those western european countries with failed immigration policies . 
  nice label for any country that is n't ex ussr . 
  you in fact forgot also the buzzwords `` lazy '' `` entitled '' `` welfare thiefs '' and `` gib back debts '' to complete the usual racist republican argument . 
   just live with the tiny inconvenience of incarcerating a terrorist indefinitely here 's the annoying bit : it 's * hard * to convince the gov to incarcerate people indefinitely . 
  frequently an idiotic gov 20y down the line risk pardonning them . 
  and they risk evading . 
   you are franceb , what do you do when a stateless terrorist comes knocking on the border ? 
  i guess in your example france could use their old treaty agreements with country b to `` force '' them to recover their own former citizen . 
  well , to be entirely frank , it 's part of the reason we subsidise so many country , we can use it a bit ...  last time someone made a similar suggestion and it got passed into law into europe the friggin holocaust happened uh , ah yes so because we speak about kicking out known terrorists we are litterally pushing innocent people in ovens for their religion by the millions ... / s, 
  called it . 
  now , we need to find and `` demine '' those radicalization network . 
  and it 's not just old immigration , some are old french or belgium families , with ultra violent converts . 
  so it means those incidents can keep happening regardless of immigration , if we do n't deal with those hate preachers and networks . 
  well if the other country removed their nationality first it 's indeed problematic and i 'm not sure we can legally . 
  tho , to be entirely honest if they only acquired the french nationality later and come from some third world hellhole ( e.g : africa , pakistan ) , and they do n't risk immediate execution on sight ( because the screams from the human rights bureau would never end ) ( in that erithrea 's a serious issue :\\ \\ poor , problematic , and we ca n't always deport people easily there ) , i 'd almost say `` toss them in the plane with their old papers , valid or not it 's not our problem '' . 
   what do you do with them ? 
  deport them to a random country ? 
  country of the other nationality/origin where they lived before ; would seem a fitting choice for people that would loose french nationality ; possibly after a serious prison sentance ( because if you did lost it it 's probably not just for yelling `` fuck the police '' ), 
  that 's seem very well balanced actually . 
  i hope it passes . 
   oh , please , the fsa is the red nose daesh puts on when it 's time to receive the ammunition drops . 
  are you slow ? 
  ... you do know there were several thousands fsa fighters helping the ypg-led coalition against daesh , especially in kobane ; and more recently under the euphrates volcano/sdf banner ? 
  they bled and died like everyone else against the daesh nazis . 
  as for the turks , they do their own thing , independantly, 
   it 's not a conspiracy theory , moron , it 's the fucking truth a retard wo n't suddenly be right because he thinks he 's edgy by calling others morrons . 
   the `` moderate rebels '' we support if you ca n't figure out the difference between the fsa in idlib and the daeshi in raqqah or that we kicked out a few days ago from shinjar , maybe you should i dunno just stfu and start informing yourself . 
   and if you 've missed out how nato trained 5000 guys to prop up the `` moderate opposition '' just to graduate 50 and `` lose '' all but five to daesh with arms and ammunitions , you were just not paying attention . 
  ... you 're not just misinformed , you 're patently wrong . 
  first they vetted 5000 as potential volunteers . 
  secundo , about 2000 passed the training , then about 300 went in northern aleppo and about 20 got captured by nusra . 
  most of them managed to escape and did not escaped to nusra ( which was a rumor started by daesh , hoping we 'd kill our own troops ) ; they in fact went to afrin canton behind the ypg . 
  if you do n't recognize half those terms , i suggest you stop trying to lecture me and start picking wiki pages or following the subjet properly . 
   your six months old account with nothing but / r/europe and / r/syriancivilwar comments does n't exactly plead in your favor . 
  probably because it 's my account for the subject to separate with my more personnal stuff ? 
  anybody who touch to war & politics stuff and does n't use alts is probably just an idiot ( or at least giving way too much info ) . 
   or the hypocritical support they receive from the nato coalition in their effort to remove al-assad from power can we stop with the fuckin conspiracy theory that france or the usa supports daesh for 10 seconds ? 
  or i 'll start my own that russia supported hitler . 
  if it 's not legally then it should be . 
  you join isis you are a traitor . 
   salafism is legal and you can preach the same verses isis uses . 
  that 's definitely a problem and the anti thesis of our european values : /, 
   and our total unwillingness to accept that the only regular military force in constant combat with isis is the syrian army -- okay , calling it now , that article is manipulative partisan bullshit . 
  the ypg alone already killed as many daeshis than the saa possibly will in the entire war ; probably because the saa is busy attacking the former fsa in idlib and not isis . 
   thus , when reporters told us that the 129 dead in paris represented the worst atrocity in france since the second world war , they failed to mention the 1961 paris massacre of up to 200 algerians participating in an illegal march against france 's savage colonial war in algeria . 
  ah , so you love to repeat the one mistake of one dumbass journalist but conveniently ignore the bigger picture ( largest terrorist attack in peace time at home ) . 
   most were murdered by the french police , `` what about the frenchs '' . 
  * sniff sniff * , yup , looks like we got a russian there  many were tortured in the palais des sports and their bodies thrown into the seine annd that look like a bit of an inventive twist on facts . 
  they pushed protestors from the riverside street in the river , causing a lot to drown , which was quite the war crime , but let 's not invent new `` facts '' on top of it . 
   who worked for petain 's collaborationist vichy police in the second world war , ah yes , now the connexion with litterally hitler appears already . 
   the brothers who murdered the charlie hebdo journalists , were also of algerian parentage . 
  and half of south of france ( ... and europe ) can be traced back to north africa at some point by some parent ... 
  the biggest occidental civilisation , rome , started on the border of the meditteranean sea . 
   for many of whom the algerian war never ended , that 's as ridiculous as saying that wwii never ended . 
  some people still live in it mentally , true , but for 99 + % of the non soldier population it 's over . 
   convoys that could have been struck by us or french aircraft and were . 
  it 's not the convoys that took palmyra , isis was already there in the ( tens of ? ), 
  thousands hiding in the town since weeks . 
  the mukhabarat and syrian intelligence , for all their love of torturing political dissidents , totally failed to root them out . 
   but our desire to destroy the assad regime takes precedence over our need to crush isis . 
  still the same russian victim complexe theory i see ? 
  are we bombing the saa ? 
  are we bombing and fighting isis ? 
  yes . 
  tl ; dr : russian propaganda trying to pin the blame on france , paint the saa as poor innocent victims, 
  wait what . 
  i 'll put that on `` parent who lost a kid who went terrorist and do n't know how to handle it '' . 
   i wish there would have been more compasion with the killed russians as well well ; we : - helped with studying the plane wreckage ( with experts and hardware ) - handed over the info we had on the subject - remains ready to help if the russians want to make a roll against daesh in syria ( then watched russia crush daesh near kwereis air base in eastern aleppo btw , nice job there ), 
  that guy sure look like interesting , and probably the kind we want more of haha . 
  maybe not having favelas at all because people can afford a home like in belgium would be a good start ...
