  of course then there is all that shit in africa too . 
  but likely genghis khan if you talk in raw numbers . 
  the guy killed like 15 % of the planet 's population . 
  of course , that 's only counting recent recorded history . 
   when you realize that not only are there people stupid enough to think that the fn is the same as the nazi party but that their people as stupid as you in sufficient numbers to actually tilt the vote , it becomes clear why europe is in such a deep crisis . 
  what do you call a party with national as the name and that makes joke about gaz chamber and quietly want to deport millions of second gen immigrants because-they-are-not-from-french-stock-enough ? 
   similarly , it 's staggering that you can equate restricting immigration with ethnic cleansing . 
  how is destroying roma encampments `` restricting immigration '' ? 
  how is talking about making list of `` non french to deport '' equivalent to `` restricting immigration '' ? 
  how are curfew bullshit or `` we 'll clean the banlieux with karshers '' equal to `` restricting immigration '' ? 
   i ca n't believe anyone who can write such things has managed to survive thus far with helping hit by a bus . 
  well you do appear to be alive soo the question do stand ...  or the european people to continent become almost entirely islamicized by 2100 just replace `` islam '' by `` the jews '' and reread your last ten arguments for a minute . 
  please , do so . 
   which path would present a brighter prospect for humanities future for science and technology and human rights and discovery ? 
  well , at my own level i 'm currently watching daesh get blasted in the middle east instead of watching my space-related pet programs so i do n't think you are in any place to lecture me on the topic . 
   it 's the demographics , stupid and what do you call deporting millions of people ? 
  oh yeah , ethnic cleansing . 
  but i guess `` demographics '' sounds more clean in your head . 
   considering the long and profoundly violent history of islam , as opposed to the long and violent history of national socialists who want to put millions of people in cargo boats . 
   you should be checked into a mental institution . 
  well i 'm not the one wanting to vote in power the daughter of jean marie `` let 's drop ebola canisters in africa '' lepen . 
  as long as the prices remains reasonable that makes sense ( since people who do n't live here do n't contribute to the social system ), 
  you think now is worse than what will happen if the nazi party gets elected to the presidential and start pushing their little ethnic cleansing projects ? 
  ho boy , you truly lack imagination . 
  they 're already busy trying to make the romas homeless around here . 
  lol . 
  i 'd even almost say `` okay , but the money goes to the state coffers period . '', 
  ( ukraine 's flat broke and desperate :\\ \\ ) . 
  if they were trying to get it for personnal wealth , i hope they 'll get arrested for fraud . 
   edit : why am i not surprized to see thyanybok 's involved in this, 
  sorry , my french slipped in i guess haha , fixed it, 
  could be that we have dark days ahead : /, 
  islamic kindergartens ? 
  what the hell ? 
  do we have to tolerate indoctrination starting from the crib ? 
   `` many parents want to create a one hundred percent islamic environment for their children , '' said aslan . 
  and this is exactly what we should firmly , strictly refuse in europe . 
  they can already go to the middle east/north africa regions if they want it . 
   there are 150 islamic kindergartens in vienna , most of which receive state funding . 
  `` i am convinced that we should close many of these facilities right away , '' said kurz . 
  100 % agreed . 
  no special exceptions , schools or pass , sorry . 
  go to the same schools as everyone else . 
   curriculum : there were significant differences between the official curriculum , which was used as a basis for requesting funding , and what was actually being taught , which was barely different from what can be found in madrassas in predominantly muslim countries such as pakistan and afghanistan . 
  unacceptable . 
  any establishment trying to pretend legally to the statut of school needs to use the legally backed state curriculum . 
  just like we do n't tolerate fake hospitals ; there should be no tolerence for fake schools . 
   so what is to be done ? 
  we should tell them `` respect and teach the state curriculum or face being closed down . '', 
   if isil wants to detonate a chemical or dirty weapon in brussels , there is nothing in place to stop them . 
  obviously there was . 
  remember last lockdown ? 
   suspend immigration for a year that would n't stop them from trying to cross illegally . 
  that would only stop refugees fleeing them . 
   bomb isil into rubble already ongoing  put boots on the ground and annex the region . 
  ahah you are out of your mind . 
  discounting the fact that we can not afford to occupy another country right now , or even 3 of them ( syria/iraq/afghanistan ) , let alone one in the middle east where everyone bar a few already hates us to the bones , that would only make the problem 10x worse . 
  bush tried that one , that gave us isis to deal with . 
   but it would solve the problem , and bismarck would approve . 
  http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01112/mission_accomplish_1112950c.jpg oh wait , it actually solved nothing and led us to today . 
  ps : for the records our troops already occupy part of mali , car , and other places , since years , and those are still hellholes . 
  if this is an accusation of supporting the fn police state , i 'm not exactly the local nazis ' biggest fan around but ... 
  trying to prevent the 4th round of paris attacks of the year would be nice tho . 
  if possible without a police state or people with swatiskas in power in france . 
  perfect . 
  how about starting by seizing the 100m and putting them in the states coffer . 
  it 's probably the most important bit . 
   sorry , look , that 's about a truck full of explosives , not cbrn since they did n't used a truck , i will assume you do not know the nature of the incident and will ignore that . 
   maybe isil will do things not it 's not a `` maybe '' and `` will '' . 
  it 's `` they were caught red handed again 3 weeks ago doing it in hannover '' : http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/germany-terror-alert-hannover-lockdown-6850456  you 've put forward for cbrn terror capability does n't actually relate to it . 
  probably because i do n't want to write a terrorist manual on the internet ? 
   the likelihood of such things is very very low are you really telling me that after 3 major attacks in paris in the span of a year and an entire nbc smuggling network recently dismantled ? 
  are you out of your damn mind ? 
   certainly way too low to justify public fear . 
  public fear ? 
  on the contrary , it would be better if they ignore the whole thing to avoid spreading panic . 
  but that does n't mean the state should n't do things like handing over scanners to the cops , putting rads sensors in airports & key migrant pass or pass any post office package in the scanner at some point . 
   media and security experts focus on the most alarming and sophisticated imaginable scenarios . 
  fuck the media , i 'm speaking about dealing with the current threats we are already dealing . 
   time after time , terrorist groups demonstrate that the key to success in asymetric warfare is kiss - keep it simple . 
  well obviously you have n't paid any attention . 
  here there are pictures of them chain manufacturing dictionary-format ied : https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/3c34it/isis_manufacturing_their_laptop_slim_ieds/ ? 
  and another factory like this one was recently dismantled in al hawl after the coalition took it like two week ago . 
  but go ahead , after watching the sdf taking days to demine the whole place , and just as much in sinjar , please tell me how daesh would n't try to smuggle something like that here and that 's `` impossible '' and that i 'm just `` fear mongering '' . 
  `` but they would never make it to europe ! '', 
  oh you mean like the ones in hannover ? 
   personally , i 'd prefer to worry about what 's known to be possible and repeatedly shown to work , and work well , for terrorist groups . 
  which is exactly what i 'm talking about right now . 
   the group appears to have manufactured rudimentary chemical-warfare shells , and used them to attack kurdish positions in iraq and syria at least three times in june and july 2015.2 according to investigators , this involved toxic industrial or agricultural chemicals repurposed as weapons . 
  and stockpiles they seized from assad 's chemical installations . 
  which are actually dangerous enough we had to deal with the russians to get those seized , in case you forget . 
   that is `` appears to have '' , `` claimed '' , and `` reported suspected '' . 
  your gross dismissal of the risk is pretty dangerous . 
  nobody 's saying we have to flatten yet another country like bush did . 
  but saying `` nothing will happen '' is ridiculous and tempting fate . 
   again , gas artillery shells are gas artillery shells - stop lying , they used other mean of attack during various battles around rojava , multiple ypg fighters got burned by that shit and by that point they did n't had any artillery left ( because it was all blown up on sight from above ) . 
   not something there 's any point in smuggling into paris again , * you do n't know that * . 
  i do n't know about numbers , but the main problem is morrocans and ksa radical imams who are sent by their elite to preach in france . 
   plus , free movement and all that . 
  maybe having an eu passport ?
