  of course , and did he found that one lying around in a parc in brussels like the last terrorist ? 
  / s weapon carry is illegal in france ; unless you have a really specific permit like if you are cop or military or similar or in forests during hunting seasons . 
  let alone approach disneyland with them . 
  you think it 's about punishing . 
  but it 's not about punishing , it 's about limitating damage as much as possible to the bulk of society . 
   in order to reward people who knowingly agreed to take on risky debt ? 
  people who are rich in poland generally inheritated that money or where lucky or embezzled it . 
  i do n't see how we should `` reward '' them more than others . 
  despite paying their mortgage they 'd likely stay wealthier than others . 
  the `` bootstraping self made man who got from rags to riches just by hard work alone '' is generally recognized as a myth in europe . 
  so if i follow you , by `` rewarding '' that millionaire who inherited or embezzled himself a company you made a couple thousands homeless now . 
  great , now what ? 
  this is largely based on your income . 
  and just saving in poland will never bring you above 100k ... 
  otherwise , your argument is frequently used by the corporatists when they get caught red handed frauding ( oh , sorry , '' avoiding '' ) taxes . 
  for example , add the value of everything they own and will earn in the next 4 years , remove their debts ( mortgage ) from it , and see what 's left . 
  if it 's above 100k $ , you fall in the `` wealthy '' part that will have to pay their bills by themselves . 
  they could easily do something like that . 
   secondly , how to define a rich person ? 
  by their income and assets ? 
  for example , add the value of everything they own and will earn in the next 4 years , remove their debts ( mortgage ) from it , and see what 's left . 
  if it 's above 100k $ , you fall in the `` wealthy '' part that will have to pay their bills by themselves . 
  they could easily do something like that . 
  i 'd say good call on poland, 
   but it just is n't going to get you much revenue 4 years ago it costed just the uk alone around * a proven * 70b a year : http://www.newstatesman.com/blogs/the-staggers/2011/11/tax-avoidance-justice-network now add the black economy ( crackdown on fraud ) and double that number . 
  now imagine recovering that much eu wide , yearly , multiple times . 
  that start pilling up does n't it ? 
  collected tax money which btw is money circulating again and not disappearing under a mattress or oligarch account abroad never to be seen again by everyone else like `` evaded '' money generally is . 
  and that 's bazillons of money we can recover just by basically following the spirit of our actual laws ( collecting taxes and closing abusive loopholes ) . 
  i never said the contrary . 
  but saying we never faced anything like it is ridiculous . 
  tbh i believe what made the difference is that france has money . 
  which is why i think we should cut a check to greece too . 
  ( or at least cut them part of their debts ) ( but of course the banks will never agree because they only want 50 % interest 0 % risk junk bonds and when somebody inevitably default they want everyone else to pay their bills ), 
  you do realize we have like 10 million french of immigrant origins if i count everyone since the 60 's ? 
   would you agree to have france accept responsibility for all the migrants that try entering the eu illegally for the same amount of money ? 
  we spent a lot more with calais etc just to get the uk to stop complaining about it ; and a lot of immigration uh . 
  came 20y earlier ... in france ; and tbh personally i 'd have no issue with writing off a serious part of the greek debts toward france ... ( i think it 's just kicking a man down at that point ... ) but let 's see what the holland government actually says on the financial matter . 
  migrants will try sneaking in greece either way . 
  the question is what can we do to help greece solve at least part of the problem . 
  obviously since they are bankrupt i 'm sure they could use financial help if nothing else . 
  then some more . 
  all right . 
  give them an additionnal 20 % reduction in debt , that is allow them to re allocate 20 % of the money used to pay debts toward the issue instead ? 
  that 'll save you that much at least either way in handling migrants/refugees . 
  oh nice work , we need more of those busts, 
  i know what swedish low sec prisons looks like . 
  does n't mean he 'll necessarily get in those nor that he 's free to leave them anyway . 
   we believe ( d ) in the social approach of re-education , rehabilitation etc. 
  that does not preclude holding them in anyway . 
  that 's why it 's called a * prison * . 
   well , i do know a thing or two about dutch law . 
  well hopefully the swedish judge wo n't feel constrained by it and act differently, 
  i hope not . 
  is there such ridiculous precedence that you can link or are you making it up based on sweden 's reputation ? 
   i 'd still rather have them dropped in some 3rd world desert than jailed . 
  this is the xxith century , they 'd find their way back in the eu in 2 weeks if they really try . 
   they 'll cost us millions to have sitting around our prisons and the only thing we gain is a vain sense of justice . 
  this is less about justice and more about deterrence . 
   how about just deportation ? 
  -  jail for murder imho comes first otherwise whose to tell they wo n't just go to another eu country to do the same ? 
  jail for murder imho comes first otherwise whose to tell they wo n't just go to another eu country to do the same ? 
   why ware medical tests checking age not allowed ? 
  this is certainly an interesting question when we 're talking about criminal justice . 
  an age check does n't seem overly intrusive, 
  that is something that should change for crimes as serious as murder . 
  and he would n't be a minor when leaving jail, 
  looks like somebody deserves a 10/15y then deportation, 
  i 'm not sure this is acceptable in europe . 
  even the cases of hate speech are decided by a judge & justice system , not by random local cops finding out where you live and visiting you . 
  i would urge the dutch to stop that . 
  simply talking against immigration certainly does n't qualify as `` terrorism '' either , sorry . 
  ( or start by arresting daeshi twitterios first then ... ), 
  i think as a country with a multi trillion gdp we french are rich enough to buy basic food & basic medecine , including even for migrants . 
  as for the unsanitarian jungle , it 's getting bulldozered & replaced with proper housing . 
  \\* shrugs * in the cases where nothing work you can * generally * just wait it out a week . 
  yeah but if they default on france tbh i do n't give a crap ( i 'm french ) . 
  ( french officials would likely chock on those words but de facto hey we can recover more from tax frauders ) . 
  if they default on germany be prepared for another diplomatic war from their finance ministry, 
  meh , it 's something easily treatable . 
  apparently msf will send people with the vaccs/meds ( if it 's not already done ) . 
  90 % is de facto german . 
  they could easily default on all that , watch what other country come asking for their bit back and settle with those apart quietly . 
  kicking greece out of europe ( or closing the borders to proper passeport holders ) is one of the absolute fastest way to garrantee the country will default on the spot on all it 's german debts . 
  because hey if they are n't in the club anymore why should they keep giving you all their money ? 
  `` treason '' ? 
  wtf ? 
   the gap is simply so huge , that no integration program will work . 
  you ca n't make a wolf vegetarian . 
  civilians are n't all wolves . 
  deshumanising people by their origins will only lead to more `` us vs them '' violence & foster that terrible climate . 
   total and utter failure , with few exceptions here and there . 
  yes france the dprk-like failed country / s, 
  extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof, 
   this is what i called impossible . 
  this was tried in 10s of variations over time and it failed every time when there was a big cultural and/or religious gap . 
  that goes for your points 1 & 3 . 
  yet our parents somehow half managed in france with triple the numbers ? 
   .   points 4 , 5 , 7 is the `` isolation '' i proposed . 
  yes and no .
