  ( btw , for the context , while the population is `` culturally christian '' , most people are n't religious in france ), 
  yeah but no . 
  they all want to go to sweden or germany that are already running over capacity . 
  it has to be spread a bit for it to be viable so that the continent do n't blow up , and to start doing it way before it becomes a real problem . 
  sorry for shafting a bit states around , but there 's not much choice there . 
  no we are not going to air strike turkey , sorry . 
  but if erdogan could stop looking the other way with daesh that 'd be nice . 
   the emphasis on preachers is outdated , people who join these groups or act on behalf of them are almost always radicalised on the internet . 
  and we can find those with international cooperation and act upon it . 
  ironically , the problem is we were quite a lot too free speech tolerant with extremism until now . 
   it 's after they 've already bought into isis 's ideology so it 's too late we can always arrest them/fire/isolate / deport/try/whatever . 
  everything to limit their corrupt influence on everyone else around them . 
  they 're almost spreading their ideas like a self replicating radioactive sickness . 
   create a system of national certification for imams . 
  that do look like an excellent idea . 
  mandatory training to ensure they do n't go extremist/full retard/rogue too easily . 
  yeah and people fall again exactly in that pit `` all brown and middle easterners people must be daesh terrorists '' . 
  are they fuckin kiddin ? 
  not even accounting for the ( very ) distasteful political recovery , this has nothing to do with migrants . 
  the bombers were ( ex french ) local traitors . 
  leaving more syrians at daesh ' mercy by refusing them any help certainly will not help stopping that fanatical islamist cancer . 
  removing their giant staging ground in iraq/syria might be a good start ( enough troops to take raqqah/mosul/ramadi / fallujah/hawija/palmyra and the rest of ambar ) . 
  and fire/prosecute/deport / ban all the salafi preachers a la anjem choudary might go a long way too , and fighting radicalisation in school with adapted classes maybe ? 
  and investigating/arresting a lot of those islamists that cheered at the news of the attack , especially publickly on social medias . 
   we could cooperate with the saa and their allies , after what they did in those prisons , we 'll never fully cooperate with the regime represented by the saa . 
  we do n't work with people who skin others alive . 
  i will not advocate shooting their drafted joes , but at my own level i certainly will not endorse their gov. 
  we could potentially send troops in sufficient numbers to help the sdf/ypg take raqqah ( isis 's `` capital '' ) away from those sick puppies . 
  and mosul ( their iraq second capital ) . 
  taking away their capital cities could lead to a collapse in the organization and most of it 's strength . 
  ( but i 'm saying this but we 'll wait to see what hollande has in mind too ), 
  ( that 's exactly why we were so dragging our feet with cameron 's demands of a two speed europe . 
  now they 're asking for the same ), 
  144 death they were saying ? . 
  looking at the event , i 'm still at a loss for word . 
  looks like we will have to find the culprits . 
  condoleances to all the victims . 
  and fuck you isis , fuck you . 
  looks like it 's time to start arresting a large number of daesh sympathizers that look like stupid enough to attempt to help something like that . 
  and question them , identify the smuggling channels , and put an end to all of this . 
  it might reach 4.1 % per year if it were to last the entire year . 
  not quarter . 
  so in fact they only lost 1.5 % fix the damn title !, 
  damn , we should look at the same kind of refund blacklist , europe wide . 
  homeopathy looks seriously like a pseudo science disguising as medecine to make extra money without having to actually research and fund actual working drugs . 
  they can get it non prescription privately on their own money if they want , but medical doctors should know better than recommend that to their patients and it certainly should n't be refunded and the state should n't spend a dime on placebo suggar . 
  ( p2/2 )  in addition , the uk will need confirmation that the eu institutions will fully respect the purpose behind the jha protocols jha ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/justice_and_home_affairs_council  the justice and home affairs council develops cooperation and common policies on various cross-border issues , with the aim of building an eu-wide area of justice . 
  ( ... ) the council covers legislation relating to : free movement of persons , asylum and immigration is it a way to say `` i want an opt out of the entire asylum system , immigration crisis ( i can get that ) , and any free movement from the eu '' ? 
  immigration  but we need to be able to exert greater control on arrivals from inside the eu too . 
  there we go . 
  i assume talking about legal movement ( not illegal immigrants ) to do open protectionism : okay , but if you limit the legal movement of people from the eu to the uk ( i imagine the uk want to reinstaurate visas or border controls ? 
  ) , then the uk citizens might have to ask for a visa or control the same way to enter the eu then . 
  it could go both ways , really . 
  simply speaking , sorry but the eu is not `` free movement everywhere for the uk citizens , but any one else - and especially the poles or italians or spains or greeks or ... - needs to wait 6 months in quarantine , provide 10 years of banking statement , 6 jobs offer at home in poland and 4 english witnesses to prove they are legit immigrants '' . 
  the problem is because that would not being in the eu at all ; and on top of that you would legally reduce every other europeans concerned to officially second class lesser citizens with rights to only go in some places and where some eu passeport and worth more than others . 
  which is quite problematic for an eu once built on having every citizens with equal rights . 
  if we open the door for uk to have their own super passeport , then you can be sure that every last damn country will ask exactly the same and then the eu might as well not exist because it 's not the eu anymore but only a trade agreement or a half shengen zone half trade agreement zone strange hybrid again . 
  so sorry to be such an ass , but if it sticks only at that point i 'm sure everyone is going to wonder whether it 's worth it to keep the uk in or not because if 5 years later half of the eu is half out just to keep - only - the uk half in ... that 's the reason why a two speed europe was refused for so long . 
  if one gets more rights than all the others , it 's not an union of equals anymore . 
  ( and i say that as a french , knowning sometime we can push more than other countries ... )  we need to ensure that when new countries are admitted ( ... ) you might as well openly say `` we do n't want any eastern or southern or anything europeans that is n't german/belgium/netherlands / france in london '' . 
   our net migration is running at over 300,000 a year '' you are twisting statistics . 
  while 600k people entered in , with a net gain of 280k , you also have 320k people who left the country . 
  and according to that article , there are 5 millions british expat in europe too !, 
  which is above 10x that yearly immigration gain in uk . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/11287523/where-are-the-british-expats-in-europe-this-map-will-tell-you.html it would seems that the uk are asking the eu to either 1 \u00b0 ) abolish movement rights for everyone apart the uk citizens who have a right to walk everywhere ( unlikely to happen ) or 2 \u00b0 ) seal off the border ( nobody passes ) but then obviously the uk citizens might get a bit annoyed too . 
  an intermediate option might be movement quotas or temporary visas both ways , but that 'd keep hampering the uk citizens too to some degree and the words `` immigration quota '' seems to make people laugh the idea away for some reason . 
   the issue is one of scale and speed honestly , please also tell us how the hundreds of thousands of english ( former ) workers immigrant wo n't be a drain either on the french welfare system ( english people who * proudly * do n't speak french language at all . ) . 
  ( because , technically they already are a drain ) half exagerating , or worse , a weight on the ( totally bankrupted , and i mean greece level of bankrupted . 
  spain is still in deep trouble . ), 
  spanish and portugal systems , that seems to fund expensive old age healthcare and retirement for quite a number of retired english expats just around daylong on the sunny beach or taking their time but never working on anything ? 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/personalfinance/10142162/retiring-britons-fall-out-of-love-with-spain-and-france.html exagerating again here , but i guess it will be alright if those country start refusing funding their multi tens of thousands of $ yearly of healthcare ( not counting nursing homes , dedicated help etc ) if they have n't worked 4 years full time there . 
  since the uk wants to refuse benefits to other eu nationals , why should n't they do the same with the uk citizens , who are basically a money sink by the hundreds of thousands ? 
  discounting france because we in reality can take it ; that 's not really fair for spain looking at their financial futur right now ( 50 % of unemployment in the youth , so adding a lot of english retired citizens that worked in england but will just drain * 60-500k $ yearly * too from the southern countries , every single one of them , is not exactly fair for spain at all ) . 
  and that 's just the retirees . 
  so it 's not just the uk that have to `` pay for every east european coming here and abusing our system '' , we other countries pay too for english men , but generally do n't bring the topic on the table because there 's no point . 
  it 's likely some reasonable solution for everyone can be worked out . 
  altho i 'm simply not sure how and at which level . 
  cracking down on fraud is obviously already agreed , but what about people who temporarily loose their job after a few years of honest work , or all the old age retirees that could see themselves in jeopardy if further laws against eu ( legal ) immigrants are passed like some torries seems to wants to ? 
  and , what happen if spain decide to ask for the same right to opt out to welfare for eu expats , englishmen included , what do we tell them ? 
   we also need to crack down on the abuse ( ... ) tougher and longer re-entry bans for fraudsters and people who collude in sham marriages but , on the other hand , there i guess everyone absolutely agree 100 % . 
   britain should play ` leading role ' in europe ( ... ) in response to david cameron 's list of eu reform demands today , the liberal democrats have written an alternative letter to european council president donald tusk outlining areas in which the uk should play a leading role in europe , including in responding to the refugee crisis , climate change and tax evasion . 
  the letter welcomes david cameron 's demands for greater competitiveness and protections for non-eurozone members , but calls for the uk to step up efforts to respond to the common challenges facing europe . 
  i can only welcome such a letter and their points . 
   david cameron : britain 's eu membership important for national security i do suspect the uk would remain welcomed as an observant member in a lot of meeting ; but it 's indeed painfully true they would lose a lot of say in the continent if they leave it 's main organisation , the european union . 
  ( obviously i 'm posting day laters so i 'm ending up half trolling rather than just posting on the topic on time , and since half the points have already been made by others . 
  but i could n't resist poking a bit at it now that i have a bit of time , sorry . 
   please do n't take my post to harsh , i 'm thinking the uk 's position actually arguable in fact , within reason ... ) from http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/11985483/eu-referendum-david-cameron-sets-out-his-demands-to-europe-live.html  revealed : eu hands money to poor member states faster than they can spend them ( ... ) it identified an error rate in spending of 4.4 per cent ( ... ) the total not yet claimed from the eu budget is equivalent to 15 % or more of their governments ' annual spending . 
  well ; there 's obviously a major point to re study . 
  some post are catastrophically and chronically underfunded , some emergency budgets will eat huge amounts of money ( * cough cough * refugee crisis * cough cough * ) , but we spend too much on others ? 
  time to use that audit !, 
  there 's probably some billions to reallocate there already , and without any real pains . 
  ironically this could be excellent news to temporary get part of the budget out of funding trouble . 
   ( cameron 's letter some scrolling above ) interesting letter . 
  i do think there are both good and terrible ideas . 
  if i can expand , sorry for the wall of text . 
  as a concerned citizen , some point do worry me , and might seem even counter productive for the uk themselves . 
  economic gouvernance  taxpayers in non-euro countries should never be financially liable for operations to support the eurozone as a currency sorry to be a stickler , but that can say a lot of * very * different things . 
  can somebody enlight us ? 
  that could mean anything from '' [ i do n't want us to give a penny to other countries e.v.e.r.
