  then stalin went even more nuts and decided to commit genocide in territories he controled too . 
   please provide evidence of violence committed by konstantin p\u00e4ts ' regime . 
  i 'm not going to play that game . 
  i 'm however going to be an ass and point out [ how the words `` polish death camps '' drive the poles crazy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22polish_death_camp%22_controversy ) ; because of right wing propaganda that aimed at whitewashing the nsdap and how some propagandists attempted to displace the bulk of the blame for genocide on poland ( while we can reasonably assume it was like 90 % the german nazis ' fault ) . 
  notice the incoherence ? 
   there was no political violence , yeah it 's funny when you interview ex nsdap or their relatives , they never beat anyone , never arrested or shot any jews and were always busy elsewhere that fateful day  and he restored democracy in 1938 . 
  for less than a year ... then the panzerkampfwagen were in anyway ...  of course you do n't , you do n't actually bother reading any history . 
  p\u00e4ts was in a soviet prison during the war ... and how does that proves his innocence in anyway ? 
  you think that because staline arrested plenty of people that did n't mean the nazis where bad ? 
  jesus , that 's the crux of your argument really : whitewashing nazi atrocities , flatly pretending no political violence happened and making up a supposed idillic pre soviet past because you just ca n't stand the reds even after staline was out . 
  i 'm not saying staline was n't a complete bastard or that estonia do n't deserve their independancy . 
  but can we stop powerwashing the nsdap & similar for a minute for fuck sake ? 
   in bed with hitler ? 
  you realize p\u00e4ts led a coup to prevent a possible coming to power of an actual fascist movement ? 
  where the fuck are you taking this shit ? 
  ah yes , the franco excuse  i do n't think p\u00e4ts was a hero ; he subverted democracy and his passivity and cowardice in 1939/1940 made the occupation easier for the soviets . 
  i do n't know about pats ' past but then in france petain was also a war hero before being the nazi puppet chief of state during the nazi invasion of france ...  made the occupation easier for the soviets . 
  excuse me , the soviet only walked in after like 10y of silent era , 10 months of abortive democracy and another nazi wave re invading estonia . 
  so while staline was definitely morally bankrupt and also a mass murderer too , he certainly did n't started that one in estonia . 
   let me get this straight , the whites changed the 1897 census after losing the civil war , to make estonia seem more literate than it really was in an effort to smear the bolsheviks , with the backing of reagan , who became president in 1980 ? 
  as opposed to the czar having sent all the schools of russia in estonia to suddenly boost the litteracy rates of estonia and finland alone where the population made up of peasants was obviously 90 + % litterate while the rest of the empire and even the capital where willfully illiterate kept ? 
  which of course has absolutely no common point with massive amounts of revisionism due to hate of the soviets even once staline was out of the picture ^ ^ ^ / s . 
   to make estonia seem more literate than it really was in an effort to smear the bolsheviks , with the backing of reagan , who became president in 1980 ? 
  you heard of trump . 
  just watch his last speeches . 
  tell me he would never have done that . 
  tell me republicans would never have done it . 
  once the ussr was gone , east europe fell easy prey to insane propaganda . 
  you 're defending a fascist dictatorship in the estonian silent era with a huge dash of `` it was n't bad really '' while the guys were in bed with adolph hitler and then you are yelling `` conspiracy theories '' whenever i write something you do n't like ? 
  that 's rich, 
   he and another guard are responsible for 80 inmates , he said , and the prison , built for 600 , today keeps 960 locked away . 
  ... yeah maybe something ought to be done ... edit : looks like the dutch have too much space on the other hand https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/09/world/europe/netherlands-prisons-shortage.html and probably can teach us a thing or two i guess . . 
  ^ ( `` hail hydra '' , obviously ), 
   pretty sure it was not that way prior to forming the eu . 
  not really , there were defacto a lot of ( visafree ) transit with france & their colonies , upon which enormous part of their economy relied . 
  furthermore , a lot of the colonial economy was displaced in the eu and now especially ireland ...  it 's just that there were border checks you had to go through . 
  there are already border checks , just no visa . 
  if i understand well tho they are talking of refusing eu citizens that do n't have visas tho . 
  daily beast has sometime ... original article ( as in `` daily mail original '' ) . 
  that said , it 's not a new rumor they invent there , it 's a persistent one, 
  so they straight up went for stalin 's lie and ran with it ? 
  creepy, 
  lol it 's still in old ( old ? ), 
  francs ( 2 or 3 gens of currency ) & the company crashed so i doubt it :d if it were it 'd be like 1-maybeeee5 $ nowadays, 
  renault is a lot older , it date from a time there were a lot of company . 
  a lot crashed during wwii but renault decided to start moving its plants in nazy germany and build panzers for hitler instead . 
  as a result after the war it was moved back & nationalized in france . 
  it 's why it 's still exist as a main car company in france nowadays . 
  unlike , cough cough , general motors . 
  obviously . 
  facepalm, 
  that 's going to put a hole in their economy ... 
  ^ ( 10 seconds later , a wave crash and you fall from the piers :d ), 
  ^ ( good good , plans coming all along ! ), 
   the only loser is the ukrainian state that is going to be a depopulated economic wasteland . 
  not really , i mean that does n't change anything to current ukraine numbers really because a large number of those people where victims of the holodomor that fled it like 70y ago, 
   our main concern is that this kind of poverty is turning into a chronic phenomenon , '' yup ... 
  meanwhile in the portuguese great north ? 
   scientists , musicians , writers , philosophers , artists . 
  no royals or politicians . 
  ^ got a point, 
   mussolini on every single one ^ ( berlusconi begs to differ ), 
   do n't have time now to post the examples right now , but you have to admit that a pattern has emerged over the years of italian investments being unwelcome in france . 
  and it does feel rather insulting . 
  i 'd love to see it ; i do n't see any reasons to turn away honest money ; and if you have honest data showing a problem i 'd love to try to figure out why . 
  if this was a berlusconi era decision tho some were refused due to corruption present in some of those calls ( not the fault of most of italy i 'm more than aware of this and does not intend to demean you ) . 
   also , iirc , the french government chose to give alstom to the americans , over other bids from the continent ... that 's less france than the bullshit of the french republican party that is increasingly becoming a puppet or an extension of the us one at that point ... 
   ferruccio de bortoli , the former editor of corriere , suggested that mr macron was acting like a bully , picking on italy specifically to prove a point . 
  `` stxfrance and not just that : [ macron ] is hitting the weak to seem stronger in europe , '' to answer that bit , it was picking on some private companies , not on italy as a country . 
  picking on the `` privatization '' joke of a `` policy '' the republicans ( the american extreme right in charge behind trump ) are trying to force on every country in europe to cover up that they are robbing state assets worth billions for frequently symbolic 1 euros sums . 
  of course i 'm expecting the republicans to try to steal french utilities again pretty soon since quite a number of them are gangsters at that point and it 's pretty much their mo since 2005 . 
  recovering the naval yard was hitting them first , not italy . 
  maybe we can come up with some sort of agreement with italy ( compensation or something ) . 
  ( there is also the obvious concern , no ill will intended toward italy , that having military naval yards critical for the fleet under national control is also important ) edit : other assets the republicans are trying to grab as fake `` privatization '' , just watch it : - renault/peugeot ( car manufacturers ) ( word is some `` ex '' nazis in the white house want to take it back as `` revenge '' because renault was nationalized post wwii because during wwii it respecialized it 's output to produce panzers for nazi germany and armed hitler because it paid better than selling cars in france ; and you know that 's treason and all . 
  so it was seized and the executives arrested for high treason when caught after the war . 
  and now the repub nazis want it back . ), 
  ( hello to ibm too btw ) - engie / suez / edf / areva ( utilities ) - orange ( public telecoms ) - dncs ( the second big naval yard , what with their interest in stealing our tech and having options to sabotage manufacturing capabilities of a rival ) - la fdj ( national lottery ) - alstom ( albeit they intend to racket another oligarch , bouygues , apparently ; big industrial group ) as far as i 'm concerned , the reps can go f ** k themselves, 
   many muslims in the west are tightly embracing fundamentalism and conservative cultural practices ( ... ) that are gladly discarded elsewhere that 's a real problem yeah, 
  that 's pretty interesting to hear it again . 
  so it 's not an isolated thing . 
  we have a society radicalization problem in the making . 
  because obviously `` former '' terrorists with hundreds killed on their hands provocating irish nationalism can not possibly go wrong , right ? 
  the dup is starting to act dangerously . 
  yeah i just saw, 
  not really . 
  russia needs to initiate a corrupt fighting movement from the inside tbh ( or at least change it 's climate enough to realise that some of that money stashed in foreign accounts could be used to rebuild their country & pay teachers & doctors ) . 
  while plenty of the 90 's bs can be blammed on the republicans , russia is currently almost fully in russian hands . 
  putin 's a russian , very definitely in charge in his country , and so are the other oligarchs ( okay some are ukrainian or belarussian or khazak but what do i know ) . 
  that is just to say that if the russian leadership wanted to reform their own country internally ; they could . 
  they mostly met resistence when trying to enter other neighbors or invested all their cash in weapons instead lately . 
  not like we 'd ( liberal occidentals ) interfere if they actually tried to clamp on internal corruption/investing in infra or rose paychecks ; and it 's not like trump ( rumor is putin has half the gop by the cojones ? ), 
  or china ( the other big powers ) would either . 
   russia 's ressources and a direct continental route to china . 
  sounds actually not that bad . 
  that silk road idea even has plenty of supporters to be honest worsening relations with the us ( beyond trump i mean ) would only bring further destabilization to everyone and including even russia, 
  being condescending and dismissive does n't make you right ( something i learnt the hard way ) . 
   even your own chart puts estonia at 78 % . 
  and latvia and finland . 
  that lead me to believe it 's just the whites that invented those numbers and edited the archives before the soviets got to them ; because those where areas where the whites resisted the soviet the longer and where the reagan-led us pressured for independance the hardest . 
  there is no way a random countryside with a 90 % peasant population most of which has no money nor time to send their kids to school has twice the literacy rate of your capital and accidentally happen to be the areas that were 50y later under a fascistic dictatorship that resisted the soviet .
