  a lot of people continent-side see the ukip and more radical brexitors as fringe voters, 
  ... there are currently no tariffs between the eu and the uk . 
  if you remove the extra subsidies on your food and you leave the free market ( thereby cutting import ties massively ) ; prices will rise on your own food . 
   they can become profitable or do something different . 
  i assume you like to eat every days . 
  without the prices 3 folding . 
   there is n't an economy crisis in the uk not paying attention to your citizens like that is the reason why there are so many fringe voters  but staying in the eea would be crazy ... why ? 
  that 's one way to put it :d, 
   ( here , i assume eu will put a soft customs border on the irish side . ), 
  i would agree with you that it would be for the best . 
  no big ugly wall , we are n't the republicans . 
  a simple fence & custom checkpoint should be way enough  ( 2 ) uk grants all eu citizens who have come to the uk prior to 1 june 2019 indefinite leave to remain . 
  eu can choose what to do with uk citizens . 
  i would argue for reciprocity ( ie if you stop refusing our citizens we start refusing yours )  ( 4 ) uk and eu agree a collaboration agreement in relation to policing and counter-terrorism in which they share information with each other . 
  of course !, 
  we have no reasons to refuse cooperating there i assume , it 's for everyone 's best  ( 6 ) uk leaves the single market , the jurisdiction of the ecj , makes no further payments in relation to the single market . 
  ( 7 ) uk and eu agree a short and simple free trade agreement in which they will not put tariffs on each others goods or services . 
  that said , this will ( imho ) cause enormous damage to your economy ; if only due to fiscal imbalances in your budget ( for example de facto we pick up your farmers subsidy bills & road building & maintenance bills ; i do n't think you have the money to pay them alone at least without a 40b # hole in the budget : / ), 
  have them join the eea . 
  they keep contributing ( without fraud this time ) in the eu budget , we keep paying whatever bills we were usually paying and keep helping them with the day to day , they keep applying eu law & free circulation . 
  unfortunately this is sticky on the last point because they want to be allowed to go in europe but want to ban europeans from going to the uk in the name of `` fighting immigration '' ( the current scapegoat for the economy crisis caused by major fiscal fraud & budget theft ) honestly it 's pretty much the only `` plan b '' i see as a brexit without breaking too many ties ( & the economic crash breaking all ties could create ), 
  it would appear they 're kindah taking openly people for idiots . 
  did n't saw that one coming ;-) good on him . 
  ca n't take money to the tomb ; and that is going to help plenty of people . 
  i 'm half expecting that murica is possibly going to ring busy for 4 years : / which means the eu will have to step in !, 
  \\* nudges bruxelles \\* that article/speech , by president poroshenko , is also full of good points too . 
  that said , ukraine will have to keep pressuring mad on corruption for the next 10 more years ... it 's not over by any standards , because habits and customs will have to change on that side ( and people to aknowledge that bribes taking and giving for anything is n't ok ) . 
  that also needs the system will need to keep reforming for it ( ie controls against fraud & theft & bribery , sanctioning the abusers , offering livable wages to employees so that they do n't have to ressort to asking money , etc ) . 
  he 's not wrong ha ( on the title at least ), 
  tbh 0 % attendance rate should result in total suspension of wage and major cuts in the pension . 
  if he wants the mep wage he should at least attend a 1/3 of the sessions or at the very least have a stand in fill in for him and keeping him aware . 
  currently it looks like a fictive job ( like the ghost soldiers in iraq ; we should cut his paycheck and recover it when people do n't show up . 
  looks like he 's fullfilling your wish what with busying himself trying to shake down trump xd http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/307483-nigel-farage-moving-to-the-us-report, 
  looks only ? 
  well shit : / hopefully the next one will work out, 
  please just give the man his visa free so we can forget about this thing and move on : x, 
  i do n't think you ever sat foot in spain or france . 
  renting a bedroom in a commieblock grade flat from 1960 near madrid is easily 300 $ / mo. 
  a pack of cigarets is 10 $ . 
  a can of coca cola is 2 $ . 
  an electricity bill is 100 $ / month and mobile phone 30 $ / month . 
  it 's not that people `` live above their mean '' or spending crazy ( i mean living in a flat with heating and electricity , potable water and buying food does n't mean abusive to me ) . 
  it 's the basic cost of basic life there . 
   dam you people are rich !, 
  i doubt you have to come up with 500 + $ / month for the rent or 80 $ / week for food ( for what costs 20 $ / week of groceries in dnipro ) . 
  the money goes off just as fast as it comes in . 
  prices in western europe are extremely high . 
  i would suspect you ca n't even live alone with 1000 $ / month in madrid , because you need more than that for food & housing alone there . 
   another way contractors skip minimum wages laws is by offering jobs that pay for half shift and then forcing workers to work the full shift . 
  yeah that 's a classic one : - / there will be a need to crack down on that in several countries at some point, 
  so if i understand well a 10 % rise ? 
  great  spanish workers could really use it, 
  great  edit  ( ... ) `` preliminary fact finding verifications have revealed that the sun report is not true . 
  there is no labour exploitation of children here ; on the contrary . 
  according to the mother 's accounts , a journalist showed up accompanied by a translator pretending to be employees of the companies making those toys , allegedly to promote the toys among children . 
   ( ... ) these children have no absence ; they go to school ; they were at school when we visited there . 
  so there is no way they work 13 hours a day , forced by their family . 
   ( ... ) the mother is indeed a young disability pensioner who makes the toys in her free time , when the children are at school , '' dragos told agerpres . 
  so , the sun twisted facts again . 
  that said i 'm glad the romanians took time to check up on that story . 
  all thanks to them, 
  and here again they want us to cut our worker protection laws and wage enforcement laws . 
  i 'm not surprized . 
  :d does n't mean we should agree to it ( we should n't ) . 
  there are probably other things we can give them , but making sure everyone is paid a decent livable wage and taxes are collected in france are key priorities in our economic model , sorry . 
  fillon is basically in favor of cutting all liberalism and imposing ultra austerity and ultra conservatism, 
   eu can destroy itself without any help , thank you very much but that does n't prevent him to try making fillon more radical and try pushing him in power, 
  to be fair , economic questions aside , she 's one of the stallwart defenders of the generally liberal society . 
  i 'm kinda glad she 's sticking around . 
  edit  asked about her big ideas on sunday , she talked about broadband access and pensions , which are important subjects but not visionary aims . 
  and that 's probably partly why she 's got elected . 
  plenty of `` visionaries '' lately having problematic visions . 
  that said there is probably some vision in the unification & closer union of the eu . 
   but her biggest task is to hold germany and the eu together amid rising nationalism . 
  agreed , this is n't going to get any easier : / edit  if the european parliament stops her visa-free travel deal . 
  i hope they do n't . 
  the membership is currently unlikely , but the visa-free should be delivred , they 've been somewhat filling their end of the bargain regarding the refugees actually . 
  also , the citizens that would benefit directly from visa-free are n't all litterally turkish authorities themselves ( and most of our main issues are with the authorities and rarely average random turkish joes ) . 
  and they could n't find anyone more serious and less damaged goods than the blairites ? 
  plenty of good points, 
  you can see it as an opportunity to create local jobs by hiring plenty of english experts then !, 
  then it needs to be fixed for that flaw i guess, 
  that 's how one could burn bridges to hell i guess . 
  he already half destroyed the uk like that with brexit . 
  i would want to warn donald trump about so called `` nepotism '' . 
  while farage might become a close friend of him , that does not make him necessarily competent as an ambassador for the uk . 
  furthermore , i would point out that if his loyalty is toward the us president elect and not the uk 's government and has absolutely no basis on policies , then that would make him even less of a good choice for ambassador . 
  that said if trump simply wants farage to hang in his official parties , there 's nothing prevent him from simply inviting farage like he can invite other public personalities ... 
  the same thing than the sarah palin tea party or poland 's pis . 
  oh and mix it with a good dash of afd & pegida ideology and you 'll have some idea about the fn . 
   any nazi policies or only the miasma of leftwing propaganda ? 
  i 'm french so this is n't `` the guardian propaganda '' , sorry . 
  they 're known for constant racism incidents like `` accidentally '' mumbling on prime time tv things like `` hitler obviously forgot a few of them '' , advocating immigrants registries or mass deportations , having members routinely getting caught beating people on the streets , trying to close down opposition with shady tricks , having ties to people that burns down refugees shelters , funding radical christian organizations , etc etc. 
  they 're isolationists , racist , xenophibic , radical catholics and just as corrupt as the rest of the ump ( if not worse ) . 
  ^ ( that moment where i agree with trucidator ) you 're right , odds are we 're going to stay friendly with the germans . 
  there is major annoyment on economic questions ( do n't even say `` greece '' ) , but otherwise relations are generally warm between both countries & populations, 
   what are you raving about ? 
  are they the same nazis and fascists who hang out with nigel farage and donald trump ? 
  the fn was founded by an actual french neo nazi ( jean marie lepen ) secretly hanging with a former waffen ss ( that did hide after wwii ) . 
  they still openly had `` skinhead sturmtroopers '' group a couple decades ago .
