  they generally do n't have an eu passeport . 
  and if eurozone citizens wants to preach in france ... well that 's an interesting question actually , good point . 
  maybe we should account for years lived in europe on condition people did n't ended up flagged or otherwise in trouble for radical islamism / violence in any manner . 
  we could also easily apply the same condition to french citizens for fairness ( ? 
  how about we also pass a law saying that to be a religious minister ( imam , priest , ... ) in france ( or even europe if possible ) you must have either the local nationality or having lived there 10y ( ie an old immigrant who is already familiar with french society ; thinking here about the old algerians from the 60 's pretty calm and somewhat integrated nowadays ) . 
  failing to pass that criteria result in huge fines or possible prison sanctions on the upper limit ( mostly in case you helped radicalize people ) . 
  do random controls of religious buildings like mosques or church , starting by all those known for radicalization/fundamentalism . 
  that would prevent all the radicals from coming in just to preach of fundamentalist money . 
   is the normal status quo in europe what happens if we slip and there 's another paris attack but worse and with that kind of stuff ? 
   and using them without extensive and sophisticated repurposing requires a terrorist group to somehow get their hands on long-range artillery , not just to put a shell in a suitcase and leave it on a train . 
  do n't dismiss them that easily . 
  daesh has been sadly very efficient at repurposing weapons as ied and other forms . 
  they already did multiple chlorine and mustard gas or similar attacks in syria/iraq . 
  this is actually a serious risk we ca n't neglegect . 
  it 's not an excuse to go to war , it 's a `` let 's pay attention to what goes on at our borders . '', 
  letting people pass is one thing , but there 's no reason not to control cargo & stuff they bring in ; and/or that move in continent . 
  edit : and i 'm talking about stuff like ( not a full list , just a few more ideas ) : - training background-checked personnal to identify actual potential dangerous products to investigate them ( and not tsa training to confiscate water bottles ; finding people with police or military or services background and training would be best ) . 
  having such personnal deployed at key locations ( airports , railstations , etc ) watching in a more passive way if possible . 
  - optionnal / do n't know if possible : finding a way to avoid large queues at airports waiting for checks like the ones in front of the tsa in the us airports ( easily 300 persons for 1h ... ) - rad sensors in key locations . 
  - following more closely fbi & turkish mit or other services ' leads , recruiting more ( b-cheked ) personnal as needed to allow to put more trained/experienced ones on reading all those cases - finding a way to automatize detection of traces of dangerous substances ( nbc , chemicals used in making explosives , etc ) at key passage locations would be pretty helpfull too . 
  chemical sniffers like stationnary ( in airports/key railstops ) or handheld detectors would probably be very helpful if something like this could be engineered by defense contractors . 
  - reading the s files properly and actively watching what the more dangerous ones do - watching every bank move from suspected radicals and/or fundamentalists groups like radical mosques , saudis/qatari oligarchs and billionaires . 
  maybe trying to identify how the terrorists operated finance-wise in past cases like the paris attack and figuring some way rare criterias they have in common ( to detect them automatically in the banks  systematic quiet inquiry at banking and remote levels , watching them in doubt , etc. 
  it 's going to catch a lot of non terrorists , but reading their net logs and phone metadata for fast triage wo n't hurt in that kind of case ) would help . 
  - try finding a way or another to identify/detect/geolocate syrian war returnees when they get in range in europe and systematically identify/investigate those that might have an islamist-friendly background ; actively watching them . 
  - more regular / quiet background checks when it feels appropriate ; including of civilians in dangerous/key positions , curious newcomers , etc - watching more closely deals by organized crime ( they might want to let petty crime pass for the sake of identifying the real issues ) - keeping shelfs filled with stock of eventual antidotes , working meds for various possible/common nbc attacks ; hardware related ( hazmat suits , detectors , useful reagents , etc ) - how about we also pass a law saying that to be a religious minister ( imam , priest , ... ) in france ( or even europe if possible ) you must have either the local nationality or having lived there 10y ( ie an old immigrant who is already familiar with french society ; thinking here about the old algerians from the 60 's pretty calm and somewhat integrated nowadays ) . 
  failing to pass that criteria result in huge fines or possible prison sanctions on the upper limit ( mostly in case you helped radicalize people ) . 
  do random controls of religious buildings like mosques or church , starting by all those known for radicalization/fundamentalism . 
  - possibly keeping an eye for luggage coming in from refugees & co, 
  you understand the old guard fn is just as untolerant , just better at hiding it ? 
  which will bring exactly nothing on the table because the attackers used no encryption . 
  it will do nothing to get the culprits to justice , but will only poison the life of french citizens . 
  however hopefully this is just a project and simply will not pass , because it 's ridiculous , unhelpful and would only have net negative consequences . 
  edit : and if you want ideas of security measures : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3vq4fi/european_parliament_report_experts_warn_weapons/cxpxva2?context=3, 
   just use your fucking brain , use rational well-balanced arguments to refute their bullshit . 
  yeah it 's harder than posting a one-line snarky comment , but it would also make people understand why they are so bad . 
  probably because they are actually plotting mass deportation of `` immigrants '' ( second generation french who do n't speak anything else than french really ) and say at half voice to their voting block that it 's to `` reduce the risk of islamism and terrorism '' ? 
  or is it because the first founder was a known neo nazi helped by a waffen ss ? 
  or is it because they fund `` identitaires '' groups under the table , that you might have heard about because they shave their head and get swatiska tattoos and do `` youth camps '' ? 
  or is it because they openly endorse `` putting out the foreign foreigners , invaders '' ? 
  or is it because they advocate systematically dismantling the eu , leaving the euro , closing borders and living in autarcy like if north korean juche ideology was a real thing ? 
   hyperbolas to call them a `` fascist '' / `` extreme '' party well ; what do you call a party where you have like 20 % chance of getting a guy rising his arm and yelling `` sig heil !, 
  and comment about the jews if you broach certain topics ? 
  i mean , you think i 'm exagerating , but they 're still doing it smuggly sideway while saying it 's not an hitlerian gesture and therefore we ca n't arrest them : https://lejournaldusiecle.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/95b527c9-a328-4ceb-aeb7-8307a7dc2e46_yannbarthes.jpg?w=700 clearly the mark of openmindedness . 
  yeah it 's kindah like the chickens asking for the fox to protect them . 
  edit : i did not intended to imply they are animals or anything like that . 
  i implied i expect the fn to turn on them first opportunity, 
  you understand this was a country vs country thing essentially , which is why it 's called `` arbitration '' there ; like when ukraine is late on gaz bills ? 
  says the 2h old self upvoted throwaway account . 
  c'mon , you can do better than that . 
   they really are n't that bad , the american far right is much more `` extreme '' than the fn . 
  then you listen to their buddy dieudonn\u00e9 for 5 actual seconds . 
  well . 
  imagine the vichy era ( france under hitler 's invasion ) petainist nostalgists , mixed with ultra nationalists , a dash of waffen ss , racists , surviving nazis , xenophobists and negationists , anti immigration , people who pretend that everything going wrong is the eu 's fault and proning autarcy and deporting 5m ... somewhere ... french citizens for being of foreign origin , and add a `` pretty '' face on top ( marine lepen ) , every single crazed gop fundamentalist belief , and you got the fn . 
  oh and a dash of pravda-grade propaganda to hide everybit of that under `` it 's not true anymore , we totally changed '', 
  lol like any juge d'appel invokated religion at work xd what are you smoking . 
  hell yes \\ o / today is a good day . 
  now if we could add the rest of the multinational megacorps to the list probed . 
  a full eu wide tax audit for all the big players ( 100 + millions in europe gross income ) would likely pay itself tenfold pretty quickly . 
  edit : and for the records , i 'm quite in favor of closing retroactivately the most abusive loopholes ( double irish with a dutch sandwitch & co ? ), 
  and collecting the missing tax money that much took away . 
   and we 'll take care of ours . 
  well , if the land is run by shariah courts , obviously you are n't doing it hard enough . 
  but fair enough , good luck, 
   the problem lies with `` absence of social security for unemployable workers between the ages of 58 and 67 . 
  '' , to quote varoufakis . 
  no , this is another problem on top of it . 
  people have no retirement and are told to find a job ( in a 30 % unemployment economy ) at 65 and there 's no insurance for them on top . 
  and if they do n't , well they end up like that dude : http://tribune.com.pk/story/914720/crying-greek-pensioner-the-story-behind-the-poignant-photo/ because this is what the other side dealt with on a day to day basis . 
  while german newspapers where pushing that kind of propaganda : http://i.imgur.com/vfoo3dx.jpg but clearly , you did show the greeks that they should paid the debt they hold to the great german society with all the money they hoarded under the carpet !, 
  give back the 120 $ rite naow !, 
  you should be proud of it / s  you can have it at 63 years if you have worked for 45 years at that point ( notably higher than what greece got ) . 
  and there 's a laundry list of exception for `` the right people '' , including syndicalists , politicians , etc. 
  so de facto it starts at 61 . 
   it is not as our economic fundament is significantly better . 
  oh from suddenly `` the greek are the most wasteful spenders in pension money in europe ever ! '', 
  it becomes `` we spend a lot more okay but we are richer '' . 
  and you tell me there 's no propaganda floating there ? 
   its approach to the evidential value of witnesses and other evidence is clearly prone to work injustice . 
  what , leaving wannabe would be daeshis-like islamists to `` run '' `` courts '' in england is `` prone to work injustice '' ? 
  you sure your parents did n't mixed too much lead in your milk when you were a kid or something ? 
   i am aware of mediations which have produced results which are far from ` fair ' , we 're not talking about isolated incidents here . 
  the batshit insane resolution with afghanistan standards seems to be the rule . 
   having sharia courts does not undermine our ( previously ) excellent legal system in england . 
  you are out of your mind . 
  it 's true the uk is n't my country so i ca n't exactly barge in and arrest everyone and it 's up to the uk gov ; but damn if i do n't think they should be arrested . 
  well ; maybe they should n't have strangled greece that far if they wanted to drag more countries in the eurozone . 
  there 's also a need for a degree of official wealth transfert from richer countries to poverty striken areas if they want to make an union of equals with a single currency . 
  but obviously once the bill is there there are a lot less people willing to should it . 
  see how much people already complain about funding eastern europe . 
  so since the ecb is neither willing to drop the greek debt or plan for a cash transfert union to use in case of economic trouble , i think cameron is right here to want to keep control over his own currency . 
  and unless the euro main issues ( not being able to print even a small deficit , lack of wealth transfert , hard limits from the ecb potentially used as political blackmail , etc ) are fixed and it provenly work for a decade , there 's little reason for new comers to join it ( if anything else it risks to make more states backdown from joigning the eu ) . 
  damn . 
  hopefully nobody will die of it . 
  ... you are confusing the french and netherland flags ? 
  oh boy ; you 're quite a case are you , 
   anything that would be a crime in this country could not be pronounced lawfully by a sharia tribunal . 
  the pronouncement itself could well constitute an inchoate offence . 
  so when we do see a case like :  a woman `` ready to burst into tears '' is sent away without an answer after saying that her husband took out a loan in her name on the day they married and is denying her a divorce until she gives him # 10,000 . 
  you do agree they colluded in hiding blackmail , a fraudulous loan and likely multiple other criminal offenses ?
