  divide to conquer . 
   i have no doubt you ` find ' conspiracy theories , plots and secrets wherever you might go . 
  well , looking at the number of ( actual ) russian agents arrested in ukraine or those that stocked shit in odessa , sloviansk or kharkhiv , it 's that any indication the russians where in azerbaijan too a year earlier there too . 
   hostilities over nk go back as far as 1987 , well yes , it 's kind of a russian speciality to exploit existing local tensions , ramp them up to eleven using secret service kgb shit while pretending they were never there until there 's a massacre , and turn them in all out war that ( somehow ) always end in their immediate favor . 
   azerbaijan had plenty of armenophobia , and armenia had plenty of grievances . 
  they were well and truly capable of igniting this conflict all by themselves . 
  i 'm sure stuff like this probably did not help : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_january  president gorbachev and defence minister yazov asserted that military law was necessary to stop the violence against the armenian population and to thwart efforts by the azerbaijani independence movement to overthrow the soviet azerbaijani government . 
  a year later , the azeri declare independancy from the ussr , and suddenly they are on the loosing side of a war against adversaries that pop hundreds of russian tanks . 
  right . 
  \\ ------  oh so now we 're at the stage of denying well-documented pogroms ? 
  great . 
  like baku ? 
  ten bucks that if i scratch a bit i could find hints of kgb influence in it . 
  oh and that had nothing to do with the russian desire to stick it to the azeris because they were backed by turkey ( aka nato the great satan ) ? 
   a conflict over nk was basically inevitable when the azeris started committing pogroms and revoked what little autonomy nk had . 
  if you gave me one ruble each time russia claimed `` the ukrainian nazi jewish junta crucified a kid '' i 'd have bought the country . 
  please tell me how russia was uninvolved in an `` pro armenian '' people 's republic that declared independancy who suddenly sprout hundreds of tanks & dozens of grad . 
  where they found in a supermarket or built by local miners ? 
  you 're laughing about it ; but honestly the moment you start all refusing to pay taxes to madrid , and declare `` independancy '' , it could easily go off the rails depending who ` se in charge in madrid at that time and how they react . 
   and transnistria , south ossetia , abkhazia and nagorno-karabakh might recognize them if catalonia reciprocates so essentially just russian puppet bullshit republics ? 
  you forget the dnr in the list while you 're at it : \u00b0, 
  that 's just the tip of the iceberg . 
  but glad we are finally talking about the corruption & mismanagement elephant in the room . 
  that much is definitely true : /  who is to choose ? 
  the eu member countries , by deciding whom to take in and where to shelter them ? 
  well , yeah . 
  and/or possibly a lottery system weighted by potential skills ( tech , medical , ... ) each country look for , i guess . 
   or germany would have to stop welcoming new refugees for a while just to bring its quota down . 
  this , send them to neighboring countries with some place to spare like austria ? 
  paint ? 
  first chance ? 
  for those that accuse me of superlatives , let 's just quote / u/evil _ white_oppressor himself : `` hitler did what any man would have done for ethnic germans living in poland at the time . '', 
  `` at least what goebbels said was correct and was in the best interests of ethnic germans . 
  now germans are brainwashed to destroy the ethnic makeup of their country '' yup , from 0 to hitler in 2 lines !, 
  ahah , different public , i guess, 
   his greed for more economic benefits `` wanting not to be in a camp treated like a kurd by turkish police '' ! = `` greed for economic benefits '' . 
   is directly responsible for the death of his son just like women in india are responsible for what happen to them for being too greedy by walking in the streets ? 
   he had decided to stay in turkey he was a kurd . 
  in turkey . 
  during the siege of kobane . 
  the turkish government was backing fuckin isis against the kurds at that time . 
   his son would still be alive you do n't know that . 
   living in a kurdish town in turkey . 
  yeah , about that , you do know that erdogan and the pkk redeclared war to each others , right ? 
   i hope guilt haunts this man for the rest of his life . 
  now , i 'm truly starting to be tempted to think of something new and creative to toss at you . 
   risking your toddler 's life so you can get welfare after you already escaped the atrocities from your country makes you a scumbag you mind if i quote you in shitredditsays ? 
  i 'd even dare say you might qualify for being an asshole . 
   where i 'm from , if you want a better life you work for it . 
  oh right , quite the opportunity , between turkish cops beatings , daeshsis in hiding beating you and turkish smugglers repeating they can either send your kid there or he 'll can keep a life in homeless incomeless misery in that camp you are putting him in . 
  and there you are cheering for a dead kid and saying he asked for it . 
   if i crossed a road at an unsafe illegal place and it got my kid killed ... that would be a pretty scumbag thing to do wow , took you quite some time for that mental gymnastic to make things fit in your world view . 
  no , an immigrant is n't qualifiable as a `` bank robber '' . 
  just a guy trying to survive , that the system loves to blame for everything that goes wrong and all the money that goes missing to the point there 's a huge economic crisis . 
  no we ca n't take everyone in obviously , but maybe not be quietly happy at dead people or blamming the victim would be a good thing ? 
  that whole `` he asked for it he 's a scumbag '' is quite a bit disturbing . 
   if a non-foreign mentally disturbed german was hell bent on moving to libya illegally maybe you are trying to look into things a bit far . 
  stop trying to judge refugee people for trying to flee a life you have little insight on . 
   corrupt officials and corporations are scumbags too . 
  well , maybe you should start by going after the ( local ) guy that steal 1b routinely than the guy that could have worked for 200 $ `` illegally '' so that you do n't look like a complete hypocrit ? 
   both situations you 're doing something illegal right . 
  why do n't you try for crime against humanity the next guy that cross a road out of a walking passage . 
  / s corrupt officials and corporate are stealing trillions ( no , this is n't an overstatement . ), 
  yearly in the eu but yeah let 's insult the guy that lost his kid because he might have survived taking a shit job cleaning streets or something you 'd never take either way for a couple hundreds a month . 
  priorities ho . 
  ah but it 's easier to hate `` the foreigners '' , true . 
  i do n't entirely disagree . 
  but i do think it 's of quite poor taste to insult the guy while he just heard about his kid drowning . 
   he has no sympathy from me . 
  yeah but apparently you do n't have any either for anyone that is n't born in ireland , is n't christian , and probably anyone that is n't a tall blond with blue eye and do n't speak ~ ~ german ~ ~ ireland . 
  or is n't an actual conforming nazi like you . 
  am i wrong ? 
  ( i do n't use that as a superlative . 
  read the guy 's post history . ), 
  edit : ireland , not italy . 
  i 'm an idiot that confuse flags . 
  right . 
  refugee = bank robbers & litterally hitler . 
  of course . 
  wholy agreed with the article 's analysis . 
  let 's not call a guy `` scumbag '' just because he wanted a better life for his kids , shall we ? 
  that 's what i was trying to say . 
  the peace keepers went in and stabilized the area . 
  they did n't waited for a magical peace to spontaneously appear just for them to `` keep it '' . 
   with emphasis on keeping . 
  like those missions in africa , the most stable region of earth ? 
  or ( ex ) yugoslavia & the balkans obviously . 
   the uk will do this properly and with order . 
  british culture at work , 
   what peace do you want to keep ? 
  for libya ? 
  one where daesh do n't control sirte , where al quaeda-grade jihadis do n't control tripoli , where rule of law works and where they can limit human smuggling networks . 
  for syria ? 
  removing entirely daesh ( potentially with extreme prejudice ~ ~ if ~ ~ when needed ) would be a good start . 
  then forcing both assad & the fsa at the negociation table . 
  eventually cutting the country in two between fsa & assad if neither are willing to compromise on the gov. 
   first you invade western countries wo n't field an army there anymore due to politics & war fatigue in europe/usa , so short of an international un or similarly led mission or short of the russians themselves coming in , it wo n't happen . 
   but isis does n't want peace . 
  good , 'cause i do n't feel like we should grant them anything like it either . 
  ca n't have 'em drowning/burning/tossing from building/beheading / ... very large amounts of people around regularly and call it `` peace '' .
