  i think i heard uk torry autorities where even starting to accuse the us neocons of sending people to do medical tourism in the uk  europe is fairly unique in terms of how high taxes are . 
  and incidently we 're one of the decently working areas on earth ... and so where the us in the 50-70 's with high adaptative tax rates . 
  scandinavia even have very high tax rates . 
   you do n't need 47 % tax to do that . 
  a fallacious argument if i heard it ; because it is ignoring the countless other things only a state can provide efficiently like healthcare . 
  even the usa had to come back to social security models because most citizens could n't get proper healthcare anymore . 
   there are countries i can go to where i would pay less tax ( in europe , bulgaria . 
  elsewhere lots of choices ) , however here i pay what i consider to be fair for what i receive . 
  well bar a few tax heavens like luxembourg or ireland that are getting worked on ; in most of europe you 'll pay fair taxes generally one way or another ( provided you do n't try obvious fraud and fiscal cheating with things like shitty holding systems or dutch sandwitches i mean ) . 
  so suits me either way tbh do n't misunderstand me , i 'm not annoyed you pay 14 % taxes ; i 'm annoyed at those that say they owe nothing to society , pretend they live in africa , have panama accounts with caimans holdings and pay 0 % ( while stashing the millions while their neighbors ca n't afford heating in winter ) . 
   as it turns out having a gov education is n't really needed in some careers . 
  false . 
  everybody needs to learn and write and base skills in society that you mainly get in school nowadays . 
  you do n't need to go to the university for everything , that 's true , but base school is needed and was invented for a good reason . 
  but offering at least base education to everyone is important . 
   in romania i pay 13.5 % . 
  tax money is recovered in other ways such as vat ; import tricks , wages differences , social charges , and book balancing etc etc. 
  but hey if you 're happier in romania , who am i to criticize it haha ... 
   i 'm a self trained person who has been working since 13 , who does n't drive , and uses private healthcare . 
  ah yes . 
  the ayn randian self made man  you can raise your taxes as much as you want , it has little effect on me because i 'm not in france . 
  well technically i 'm an european ; and the thing is you probably actually pay already more taxes in romania than you would in the uk using their average tax scheme soo ... \\* chin scratching \\* i kindah assumed you meant leaving europe for africa or something . 
  edit : not that i 'd care if you leave specifically ( your call ) ; but i mean whether you pay in romania or the uk it in fact does n't change much for europe big picture, 
   personally , yes i am going to be a millionaire . 
  said every citizens ever . 
  that said , even if you do become one , that 's not a pass to fuck over your fellow countrymen and ignore the fact that you got access to roads and education during your childhood and so should everyone else get . 
  which is what tax are for . 
   just like people have done from france . 
  99 % of the rich are still there . 
  empty threat . 
   and yes , i would leave . 
  then please do so already . 
  we are wasting money on you i believe . 
  well if it 's really about tourism development , ca n't they offer free new bigger homes to said families elsewhere in compensation ? 
   i believe the reason for that is overpriced labour in the west ... 
  it 's not overpriced ; but more like the corporate sector and oligarchs using curious money exchange rate to their advantage to underpay everyone else . 
   if salaries in the west decease tenfold - most of other prices would also decrease significantly . 
  from experience , no they would not . 
  you 'd just end up with millions homeless . 
  btw wages keep decreasing ( or not inflating ) while inflation keep going rampant ( housing in western europe is like 0.5 to 1 million $ for a house while wage is like 10 $ / hour ) . 
  so , been there , done that . 
  straight up false and just an excuse spread by people that would rather not pay their employees a living to pocket the difference . 
  ( rising the min wage in france & other social policies like paid leave , sick leave , etc led to a dramatical improvement of the standards of living ; from basically current romanian 10 years ago levels to where we are now )  food is nearly free well in the american plantations slaves were fed and housed . 
  how do you feel about their living standards ? 
   but as you can see it is still profitable to sell food in ukraine . 
  of course . 
  and wages are like 1 % of the price in reality . 
  guess where the difference is going . 
  you still think you should n't be paid more ? 
   personally i would leave any country that introduces anything generally there are floors on wealth taxes , typically 100 ' 000 + $ . 
   so shitty and millionaires loves to convince us all that a tax on their wealth is shitty . 
  despite the fact that you will 99 % chance never pay it in your life in reality because you are n't going to be suddenly millionaire despite everyone 's deams ( everyone thinks they 're a temporarily embarassed millionaire ) . 
   cash you have sitting around is n't taxed . 
  yeah that depends on what countries you are in . 
  looks like a law enforcement problem on the italian gov side ( unlike south africa which is a far away independant country ), 
   ukraine , where the average salary is just over $ 200 per month . 
  that said in ukraine you can do groceries for 20-40 $ where it costs 130 + in western europe . 
  well the fact they declare it is a good first step . 
  because it means they can be taxed . 
  which means some of that wealth should come back to the rest of the country . 
   and they want tobacco style packaging warning messages :o) cue terrified kids screaming at the coca bottle in every parties ? 
  haha, 
  i hate to be that person , but they 're basically blamming her for having changed her mind on a couple topics in light of evidence or because it was the less bad choice for her program 's aims , or because she was n't very loud ...  she presides over an upsurge in racial violence and the gobby resurgence of ignorant-and-proud-of-it that 's hardly her fault tho . 
  that 's more of a newspapper responsability and 10 years of foreigner scapegoating for corruption there . 
  that said i 'm ( more ) concerned with the situation of the nhs lately ; because that one will have plenty of consequences down the line for some time damn , that one time where i seriously disagree with one of the more firebrand guardian articles haha, 
   twenty people were hurt , none of them seriously . 
  many locals had left after last week 's quakes . 
  nine people have been pulled alive from the rubble , italian media say . 
  hopefully it wo n't intensify further : /, 
   eh , i know plenty of small businesses that do the same . 
  nobody is in jail . 
  that 's like bribes in eastern europe . 
  everybody does it . 
  everybody . 
  does n't mean it 's not laying waste to their own countries and economy and destroying everything with rampant corruption . 
   the luxembourg company was not virtual - a team worked in the office in lux . 
  - yeah right . 
  i do n't doubt that , but i will emmit slight doubt that those 20 persons there where actually responsible for the billions hamburgers sold in europe . 
   franchise fees are not a license sham - franchise fees to your own company to pay no tax is basically cleverly portrayed tax fraud . 
  that virtual holding & licence sham system allowing corporations to be above taxes is really getting out of hand, 
  well if you have money to waste go ahead by all means !, 
  not a priority for the gov tho imho, 
  oh boy what with the reversed house haha, 
  i guess this is how one do proper caricature haha, 
  just when you 'd think the uk would try to rise it 's value again haha . 
  but i guess gs want to profit from it first . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  i didi n't edit shit . 
  not you , but somebody edited the wiki properly and all but the map ( a slight and easy mistake ) . 
  and with all due respect quoting a turkish newspaper under akp control is hardly an end-it-all proof when they also push articles like this : http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/erdogan-says-america-was-discovered-by-muslims-not-columbus.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=74371&amp;newscatid=338  also nice downvote was n't me either  helps you recover from the humiliation humiliation ? 
  meh , i 'm laughing my ass off haha ; there 's some turk with vasts amounts of bad faith that 'd rather spend 5h editing wiki than admitting turkey is n't the center of the world ; and i thought it was pretty funny, 
  that 's a very nice edit of a wikipedia page . 
  albeit a * near * perfect one . 
   .  whoever did it [ forgot to edit the map image left of the page , that still show it in egypt ] ( https://imgur.com/a/cxjoi ) . 
  :p but hey i almost bought it so nice one anyway :d, 
  well we do know italy does also have quite a few volcanos, 
  ( it 's not my place to interfere , but those guys should probably be in prison yes ), 
  try again , that one is in lower egypt, 
  the world is roughly a ball . 
  there is no `` center '' unless you mean the molten materials thousands of km below our feet .
