   go on then , give us a link of a paper calling poles `` dirty invaders '' . 
  not those exact words but you can see the feeling in the tabloid press here : https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-c6ukzdipbag/v8bawd1yh5i/aaaaaaaavhc/c3vc41a0rx8sljuglhlrca8ticn5mpguwclcb/s1600/sun100316.png and i 'm definitely not a fan of people in power preying on the poorest and weakest in society ( like people that need foodstamps or housing help ) ; especially not to shake them down of said welfare money they need, 
  the average dailymail reader seem more like the 50y old stay at home or seniors and retirees to me . 
  who then encourage their kids to be racist , or tolerate it . 
  ^ ( * this . 
  not . 
  happening . 
  sparta . 
  hehe , 
  that 's unacceptable in europe tho : / i would urge authorities to check whatever can be done to stop those medieval practices, 
   excellent !, 
  weak neighbours = strong switzerland . 
  ^ ( and whose going to loan you warplanes on evenings , nights and sunday uh ? ), 
  ^ https://www.theguardian.com/world/shortcuts/2014/feb/19/swiss-air-force-ethiopian-airlines-hijacking-office-hours, 
   i know they still exist there 's also some self appointed royal heirs going around in france ( with like 3 competitive claims of different families having a claim over the country ) . 
  most people consider them laughing stock on such matters, 
   how come the french military is full of aristocrats ? 
  since it 's actually close to a meritocracy where people can actually genuinely rise rank depending on their skill regardless of their initial background , it got a lot more tolerated than other `` elites '' . 
  you tolerate a lot better elites that are now in large part people that rose ranks rather than people that got born in it like the ones overthrewn during the revolution . 
  you willfully lie too and i 'm wasting my time ; ignorelist, 
   i do n't understand all this xenophobia and racism towards polish people . 
  the tabloid press encouraged it to cover up for conservative looting the budget . 
  they pointed the finger at the poles and yelled `` they stole it all up !, 
  they took your jerb and lowered your wage ! '', 
  whenever somebody wondered why teachers took pay cuts or the nhs had shortages and did n't bough enough meds for it 's hospitals . 
  ... and the tabloid-like press that encouraging the hate of the poles and called them `` dirty invader '' at every turns played a role in this . 
   merely for wanting to speak some words that 's another lie . 
  milo is ( was ) a nazi provocator on republican payroll ( as in `` actually paid '' ) who wanted to come only to insult and moon the attendance to cause a scandal . 
  they drove him off . 
   unjustly calling people nazis `` unjustly '' . 
  the guy had an habit of regularly posting pictures with swatiskas on his social medias account play stupid games , win stupid prices . 
  off course , his remplacement ( posobiek ) ( since milo also got outed for being a pedophile ) is n't any better , spending most of his time organizing the write up of false information propaganda article and trying to spread them around and whining about the `` persecution '' of his poor alt reich that ca n't even lynchs black and jews in public so they are totally poor oppresseds, 
  lol yeah i was just thinking `` hey i thought those only happened in california '' sure is a big fire . 
  looks like they got it under some control tho now ? 
  `` berkeley anti free speech riots '' ? 
  why do n't you go back playing the nazi apologist to t_d or whatever, 
  you 're playing on word , and wasting time . 
  . / ignore, 
  more revisionism . 
  no , communists and nazis are n't the same thing -_- jfc what the hell did they fed you in school edit : or whever you learned it ; looks like you 're from belgium where i think they still teach something close to actual history regarding wwii ... maybe you should open one of your old textbooks ... 
  you know the nazis lied and were known for that , right ? 
  especially since he was trying to hire red support at the time ( with the `` beefsteak nazis '' , brown outside due to being politically burned but red on the inside https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beefsteak_nazi ) . 
  you also know that the commies declared them war and went back with 5 millions soldiers , right ? 
  they had largely control over germany past the reunification because the ussr was vacillating . 
  you can claim the cold war never happened all you want , it 's still a fact . 
  they ran a media campaign in his favor and had their fingers on the electoral scale . 
  i believe elections ended up entirely fair when he got replaced by merkel ( after his corruption was exposed loosing him the election ; in fact part of what convince me those were fair was because merkel was educated in the ddr , and the republicans despised the ddr ), 
   where i live in canada many people travel to the us for faster healthcare wealthy ones maybe . 
  not average citizens no lol , because they simply ca n't afford it . 
  insurances will refuse to pay us uninsured tarifs that are 500x the canadians ' on average . 
   actually it is not . 
  there are no state provided health services in switzerland that 's totally dishonest for multiple reasons : - switzerland is one of the few micro nations not in the eu in europe and only represent a small fraction on the continent - their citizens have also other welfare income insured by the government - the private options are regulated and ran by the government . 
  they cost on average a couple dozens euros a months , with premiums heavily roofed . 
  the republicans would go straight up insane if they had to endure 1/10 of the regulations switzerland inflict on their private insurers - switzerland 's market is also distorded by the absurd wealth floating in that country mostly extracted from ill gotten money placed in the country due to it 's banking secrecy . 
  they litterally live on money stolen from other countries by the mafia . 
   i am not saying that hillary received corporate donations as a bad thing . 
  i do n't care if she did . 
  it is not a bad thing . 
  they are not conspiracies . 
  we know for fact about these . 
  you are plainly dishonest . 
  you 're the equivalent of a guy having a friend placing 10 $ in the mailbox of somebody he does n't like then calling the cops on them for taking drug money . 
   tony blair was republican ? 
  basically . 
  tony blair was a tory with a labour card . 
  the tory conservative party is known to have extremely close ties with the republicans , sharing many common names between boths like rupert murdoch ( who is also the owner and ceo of trump 's favorite channel , fox news ) . 
   schroder was republican the gop partly appointed him in germany ( tipped the balance ? ), 
  using post war influence , actually . 
  he 's known to be in bed with putin btw : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/dec/13/russia.germany  macron is republican they tried to groom him yes , he worked for the rotschild bank for 7 years in new york city as a prelude to his political carreer in france . 
  whether it worked or not , i can not say for sure yet . 
  i guess he 'll decide whatever choice he makes , he has a brain and obviously his own free will . 
  but they obviously betted on coloring his background go their own tastes yes . 
   xiaoping was republican ? 
  no not a chance there haha  jean chretien was republican ? 
  because all these people are pro business toldya , the gop consider canada a `` socialist nation '' for actually `` not being pro business enough '' to their taste, 
   debatable . 
  a flat lie , and you know it . 
   different countries in europe have different systems . 
  switzerland for instance incorporates many corporations and private institutions in their system . 
  another lie and you know it , most eu countries have universal healthcare and represent the majority in leading first world countries . 
   the libertarian party does not have a monopoly on libertarians . 
  libertarianism is a pretty mainstream school of though in the anglosphere and there are many libertarians in both centre left and centre right parties another false answer . 
  in term of political weight , yes they do . 
  because the koch crushed all concurrency using their cold cash & the republicans for that ; and used the whitehouse as a soft power proxy to try to enforce their will upon other countries . 
   how is it a lie ? 
  i gave you specific names no you largely did n't , and twc is donating more to the republican party and using small times donation to the dem as a cover up to say `` equally bad '' . 
  and repeating conspiracy theories on hillary designed by putin 's fsb does not make it truth  everyone is pro business after the 90s . 
  only fringe socialists deny that . 
  one of the greatest republican lies ever . 
  to pretend they have the only working model and that eveyrone loves it , while they used massive force and extreme violence to purge anything left of them from most occidental countries from reagan to the 90 's . 
  i see this as no better than 1984 honestly . 
  piles of lies upon piles of lies on that front and nobody seeing anything else or hardly capable of thinking that a society can be better than that . 
  how is that better than when kim jong il pretended that `` everyone in demokratik korea is pro juche '' after murdering all his opponents and preventing their entire life his citizens from seeing anything else by threat of force ? 
  `` surely frost you exagerate , the us is n't that bad '' . 
  well no thanks to the fuckin gop in 2001 and their `` brilliant '' iraq idea . 
  `` but people do n't starve '' . 
  yeah remind me which party put back a correct minimal wage and food stamps . 
  not reagan 's that 's for sure . 
   why would they waste to much money and time in order to prove something like that especially when state run healthcare is in decline ? 
  here is the kicker : until republican sabotage , it was n't .
