  problem is the uae are not entirely wrong . 
  while in egypt morsi was elected , he was probably on the less extremist side of the brotherhood . 
  other elements might adopt more extremist salafist views . 
   and how many of these 2.1 million households and businesses will magically find some money ? 
  `` also , do n't be poor . 
  if you are poor you 'll just find some money to eat suddenly and not be poor anymore . 
  and if you are sick just find some courage and convince yourself you are n't sick anymore and it 'll magically go away ! '', 
  we 're talking about half the country loosing access to electricity . 
  you really think they can just all find some thousands of $ out of their hat after earning a few hundred monthly for years ? 
  ( that is when they 're not in the unemployed half ), 
   do you insist the firm start collecting those debts , and be seen as a monster and advocate for hated austerity by your core voters ? 
  here in france if you are late on taxes or `` reasonable '' ( multi k $ sums ) they start by looking if you have large sums on your accounts ( in the thousands ranges ) . 
  then if not enough , garnishing a small part of your monthly income ( wage , . . etc ) until it 's all paid . 
  if you have huge taxes/look at filling bankruptcy they will inspect your home ( s ) too with bailif to determine if you have one of the original picasso ( $ 150m ? ), 
  just forgotten in a closet ( like our favorite french frauder , balkany ) or other high valuables . 
  then otherwise if there 's nothing of huge value they leave you alone until you get some more money . 
  i guess that would be a lot more reasonable for them than just cutting everyone or slashing the national budget no ? 
   and are the same bastards who ran it into the ground in the first place ? 
  they can certainly push anti corruption investigations and nail them for all the stolen money , seize the oligarch 's huge mansions , private boats , art collection and use it to put back some of that stolen money in the state coffer . 
  then firing them/jailing them a bit to bring back the others in line , and replacing everyone visibly corrupt . 
  that 'd cut a lot of fat already . 
   , but the power company could easily be stating it will do this in order to create political blowback about how `` austerity is hurting the greek poor '' and `` our creditors are unreasonable '' , that 's possible . 
  i 'm just hoping they 're not * actually dumb enough * to flip the breaker or that the gov will step in before & force them away from it , because then things would become physically very ugly very fast . 
   that strategy would basically be perfect if the people running the power company and the government had widely differing interests -- there has to be a few people in syriza that are n't corrupt that can handle it . 
  tsipras and his top cabinet seemed clean to me ? 
   but honestly in greece these companies tend to be a source of sinecures for your political allies and as a vote-driving policy for the voters you 're allowing not to pay their bills without any real plan to either collect the debt or write it down . 
  they 're still making money , so i advocate making the ppc exec the following offer : - take the benefits that keep flowing in ( 100m a year past every bills including their own wages ? 
  yeah that 's not their usual billions but wake up this is life ; the country is bankrupt ) ; keep the power online - cut power , go to jail for 2 years . 
  next in line get the same offer . 
  rince & repeat till they start doing their job and power goes back online either way . 
   and would likely implement much more efficient administration to the utility one can only hope haha  or eventual spin-off into a state managed private company the germans will inevitably pressure for privatisation . 
  at that point that 's not the issue ; but half the country going off that 's simply no . 
  that 's policy level decisions , and should legally be considered gross negligence ( or even unwilling manslaughter considering how many people that can potentially kill at that scale ) . 
  he apparently entered the country as a mostly dead body bag . 
  ending up even partly paralized do suck , i would n't wish it on people ( for later reference/other people : and no , did n't , not even in the case of mr sc . . ) . 
  but does that affects elouassaki 's * mental * functions ? 
  he has previously been described as lucid , and simply trying to look for the usual legal defense of insanity ( and if he makes some money on top of it i guess he 'd like it too ) . 
  ( hence why i 'd think medical treatment for the issue would be appropriate but certainly zero money . 
  we 're not rewarding jihadis for getting themselves blown up thank you . ), 
   instead , the company decided to shaft the poor , since they felt they had been shafted by the politicians . 
  someone in this story is clearly a dick -- it 's the greek power company and the government institutions that were subsidizing and controlling it . 
  well ; it 's then a clear cut case for force majeure ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/force_majeure ) ; allowing the state to take control of the power grid by force and order the employees to keep it online under penalties of jail sentances . 
   the decision the power company made was their own well ; `` shut down half the country 's infrastructure because we wants more money '' is n't an `` decision '' sorry . 
   surely these programs should be funded , but by a flat 100 % tax on consumer power consumption ? 
  it 's insane . 
  to me , the insane part is n't the bill itself as much as it 's legal to just disable massive parts of the country for late bills when a massive part of your population is chronically late because their account is empty . 
  you setup payements plans and proper collection in that case , you do n't just deactivate the country . 
  if you just put everyone in the dark you can be sure it 's not a bill but a pitchfork they 'll send you . 
   if the power company had been in better financial health they could have acquired debt to ease the transition , https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/dim%c3%b3sia_epich%c3%adrisi_ilektrismo%c3%ba they still made 90 millions $ of profit in 2014 . 
  despite so many people not paying . 
  so , either the ceo drop that bs idea of doubling his gross income just to add billions in profits & the gov set collection plans for late taxes from poor citizens , or we just all watch the fireworks goes off with modern tech . 
  de facto there is enough money to run the utility no matter : * they are still turning profits * . 
   this is the greek public sector shafting the poor for their years of mismanagement . 
  shafting people is one thing . 
  deactivating half the country is the thermonuclear suicide option . 
  punishing everyone wo n't make inexistant additionnal magik money appear just because you want it to . 
   the troika has been ham-fisted and unhelpful ham fisted ? 
  they 're talking about cutting power to 2.1 million homes . 
  now , if there is an average of 2 greeks in each home , and accounting that they are roughly 10m , it means 40 % ; basically half the country will loose access to electricity . 
  so , either somebody figure out something , or this country is going to blow up . 
  no i 'm sarcasming , because if that idiot had n't gone to syria he would never have had half his face blown by a grenade . 
  me thinks he 's lucky if he only risks post reconst light neuro damages . 
  obviously he still has enough brain matter to ask for 100k money so i do n't think he 's that fried . 
   the point of social guarantees like this are to help the citizens live well even while the economy is faltering , try explaining banking/economic details to 200 ' 000 angry persons telling you they want power & gaz working at their home within a week or they 'll burn down the capital . 
  al nusra ( an al quaeda affiliate ), 
  then starting deradicalization programs in jail with a few mini rewards ( read : less bad prison conditions ) for attending them long term and following them properly might help . 
   did you read the article ? 
  probably not , because it 's in dutch . 
  i read others in french , but here 's one in english linked in my message . 
  edit : link removed since apparently linking pastebin gets your message auto banned by automoderator -- ' look for that wsj article on google to bypass paywall : http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-belgium-became-a-jihadist-recruiting-hub-1411958283  which ca n't be done because the specialize institution required does not exist in belgium , despite the law requiring i exists dating back to 1964 . 
  yes , but we both know that it 's just a nusra\u00ef fighter that 's looking for excuses to loot money from the government after loosing his fight and loot share in syria . 
  ah yes , i can see that . 
  let 's see . 
  a pro sharia islamist fundamentalist that escaped authorities and another trial for being an active member of sharia4belgium , ran to syria , fought for nusra ( aka al quaeda ) , likely commited atrocities ( he apparently talked about gunning down prisonners despite now denying it ; his brother was boasting about cutting saa soldiers throats ... ) , he got injured , and now basically sues the gov for 100k for letting him run to syria and letting him get himself injured . 
  edit : some context in english a year ago : http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-belgium-became-a-jihadist-recruiting-hub-1411958283 edit : for anyone who has a paywall , copy on pastebin : http://pastebin.com/xzfgpv7r edit2 : for the records , i do believe he should get access to medical treatement , but remain in jail and no certainly not get any money for it . 
  or that so much money is going away to debt holders than they ca n't afford to subsidies enough/run properly utilities , which means large numbers of citizens could n't afford to pay up the power bill anymore . 
   for example bi-monthly electricity consumption is estimated by deh to be $ 52 but i am asked to pay $ 100 becausee of the extra charges . 
  with 800 $ incomes and 1000 $ rent ( generally cut in 2/3 persons ) . 
   bills explode to several hundred euros . 
  i am not alone in my struggle to pay the bill . 
  but many can not even afford it . 
  if they cut power in winter to hundreds of thousands like they plan to , shit is going to totally hit the fan . 
  i suspect the greek gov should react and find a way to prevent it . 
  either by banning the power company to cut power & tell them to send it to collection ( with limits on collection preventing the power company to come in and steal the sofa & bed to sell it for 50 $ ) , or subsidizing late bill depending on income or some other scheme . 
   exempted from the planned power outages will be consumers in the program of `` social price policy '' , oh , good , looks like they had the sense to pass something already  two months ago , i had posted about a jobless neighbor who was victim of ppc 's power outage since last march . 
  her bill was 700 euro . 
  she will not be affected by the new power outages . 
  she still lives in the dark and has no means to heat her home . 
  : s this is how revolutions start, 
  historically cases of heavily armed terrorists attacks falls in the military hands in the lines of the plan vigipirate : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vigipirate this is not a french patriot act ; this is just basically reactualizing the law to keep using the same existing tools . 
  as for brutality , unless you are armed or openly attacking or about to do something stupid , there is little risk they will do you anything more than a few questions . 
  afaik we have an excellent track record on that side in france . . ( it probably helps that soldiers have quite a lot better training than the average panicky-stop & frisk cops that shoot at their own shadow ), 
   in his lectures held in salafi strongholds in western and northern bosnia and published on youtube , bosnic had promoted and spread islamist radicalism , citing selective parts of the koran to convince believers that killing so-called infidels , or non-muslims , would absolve them of any previous sins , she said . 
  welp , incitation to religious violence and racism , hate , ethnic violence . 
  he likely deserves his place in jail . 
   even though i do n't support him , i do n't see a way of a possible election fraud . 
  riiiight . 
  so you tell me regions that used to vote @ 60 % hdp and 15 % chp/mhp now vote at 0.1 % hdp and 75/95 % akp and there is absolutely no fraud ? 
  haha . 
  seems legit .
