  also , it is `` printed '' euros in a form . 
  even if you ca n't directly exchange those , they have the same value . 
  it 's a bit the same as paper money which is not gold in itself but represent a certain value for everyone . 
  guys . 
  can you not attack tourists & journalists & other passing bystanders ? 
  they have zero control over the decision of their leaders in the troika . 
  well ; looks like that 's it then . 
   so about that fundraiser , can greece still receive it ? 
  well haha yes . 
  they ca n't take money from a greek account and put it on paypal to pay online with . 
  but apparently if you already have money on said pp or receive some from anything else than a greek bank account , people say it still work ( or at least did a couple hours ago ; i 'm not in greece to check myself sorry ), 
   so it is not a solvency/liquidity issue but rather the fact that it is forbidden to offer a service that allows them to take the money out of the country . 
  hence the mention that the * government * could decide to make a special exception with specially placed roofs . 
  oh and 200 $ / mo i mentionned is n't that enormous when you remember they can already take 60/day from the atm and could do it round a month then just pass the border with it too . 
  otoh true , there is less odds that this money would cycle only in greece ; but suddenly not being able to pay online on many sites is kind of a big deal . 
  like negociating an agreement with garanteed solvency on a separate account for paypal that has garanteed liquidity over xxx amount in exchange for allowing greeks to use like ~ ~ 500 $ ~ ~ 200/mo on pp ? 
  then apply it only to already existing pp accounts and prevent new ones from being bound to greek accounts for the moment . 
  tho it 's probably not a priority unless the problem persist over time . 
  the bank being closed probably being worse in the immediate day to day . 
  that one is going to actually hurt the consumer economy if it lasts : x much of the net ( and big sites like ebay ) are dependant on it . 
  i think greece might want to negociate something with pp there ( maybe with caps to avoid hemoragy ofc ) . 
  edit : for those who are n't sure how to interprete it , it means greeks ca n't use their money online on half the internet . 
  payment denied . 
  think visa bank cards blocked online in the usa . 
  that bad . 
   just imagine all those servers hosted in the uk that run the databases of the city and the british banks . 
  yeah i can imagine all the people connecting to banks or emails or even facebook / reddit in clear text . 
  account theft , account theft everywhere within 2d . 
  : x not even talking about ssh being illegal ( basically you ca n't be sysadmin anymore legally ) or anything remotely crypted seriously ( ssl-irc ? 
  secure ftp ? 
  etc ) ? 
  there also would n't be any trade secret anymore since all would be exposed . 
  i 'm sure the russians would love that one , being in every last single computer , account , gov server , having every last bit in the uk at their disposal because actually efficient crypto is illegal due to populism mesures . 
  sorry for the lack of respect but this is idiotic . 
  it 'd be more adapted to let people crypt then ask gchq if you have doubts . 
  but banning strong crypro is essentially banning half the modern internet . 
  it 's not going to be appliable , at best ; and even if you could it 'd put everyone 's security at risk . 
  do we also ban lockboxes and locks on home doors '' because it could seriously slow down law enforcement '' ? 
  it 's the same level : /, 
  ahah , love it , 
  hehe nice job , 
   but there was still a tiny chance of a miracle deal . 
  only possible after the vote . 
  they might always have the money to pay it a bit late depending on how things goes after, 
  200k might be a slight exageration haha . 
  whatever i read spoke about 60/70k in peak ; possibly somewhere between 25 and 50k right now if i had to hazard a guess . 
  then maybe they * rotated * a total of 200k including the `` drills '' provocations on the border . 
  well greece definitely need all the economic help they can get , 
  finally !, 
  excellent . 
  i 'll finally be able to move accross borders without constantly swapping my sim cards or pay immediately 500 $ of roaming 3g data `` fees '' because i accidentally forgot windows update or steam in downloading a patch in the background . 
   nd $ 0.05 per megabyte for data . 
  that still mean 250 $ roaming fees for a 10gb download , which is sadly hopelessly common ( frequently 30-50min of full use of a 3g bandwidth ) . 
  and i frequently use hundreds a month due to heavy youtube hd use : / but if it 's abolished in 2017 i guess we 'll be able to live with it in the mean time . 
  gottah admit , that font is bad and he should feel bad for using it . 
  it 's almost as bad as using comic sans . 
  and this , russia , is why some countries hate you so much and end up '' russophobic '' . 
  frequently you are just looking for excuses to start wars and rackets . 
  ... have you even read the title ? 
  it 's brilliant for china . 
  it 's chinese money . 
   the only reason they want greece in the eu is because they bought an harbor , a harbor wish to stay in the eu . 
  of course , but them giving money to help develop greece still plays in greece ' favor . 
  thank you china . 
  that 's a brillant move actually , btw . 
  they have cash reserves they are warry to use to avoid dumping the dollar value , and that would help stabilize a market for them . 
  and we 'd owe them one too . 
   eu and hellenic gdp has been lately picking up from long years of stagnation and/or recession which is a sign that the economic tides are slowly turning well ; from what i understand yes and no . 
  while the gdp is rising , i understand most of the additionnal money flew to a few oligarchs and corporations . 
  so the population did n't really got any of it . 
  ( and i 'll spare you the rant on the supposed `` trickle down '' theory ), 
   it is actually quite perverted , countries poorer than greece are expected to send their money to greece so they can have a better life than they can afford themselfes . 
  no , they send bits of money throught the eu mechanisms because it could ( temporarily ) help stabilize the country and prevent further destabilizations of the market . 
  for the poor country it means they will loose less money to the bad market conditions by tossing small chump change ; so they really are helping themselves too . 
  it 's an investment . 
  waiting for the vote result is n't treason , sorry . 
  considering the level of cuts asked it 's probably for the best to keep the population in the loop even if that push back the whole thing a few more days , since they 'll be the ones actually bearing the brunt of the blow : /, 
  gaz prepayment & loan on collateral ( for deliveries in a couple years once the pipe is working ), 
  that does sound like scaremongering bs . 
  they got an additional few billions in cash like a week ago so i highly doubt they 'd can not find 110m in the entire country for a national emergency . 
  i know they are broke but it 's not exactly nk either . 
  that 's a nice idea ; but there 's always the small voice in the back of my head reminding me how denunciating your own neighbor to the government was a national sport under some dark regimes and that we should n't necessarily support/encourage that logic . 
  maybe making the reward only appliable for corporations and structures ( ie not physical individuals ; supporting whistleblowers on frauding corps & oligarchs , but not calling the ~ ~ kgb ~ ~ irs on your neighbor because he looked funny at you ) would possibly be a decent compromise . 
  that 's actually heroic . 
  somebody give those guys a medal or something . 
  the pensionner wo n't receive that money either way because the eu asked that below 67 it 'd be cut and above lowered . 
  plus if the oligarchs pony up 10b more that wo n't matter much either way on the immediate level . 
  then a few years down the line we 'll have to do it , but it 's all about doing stuff in the right order . 
  complaining about the stain on your shirt is one thing but maybe there 's other priorities while the house is on fire . 
   the big fish generally rely on tax loopholes more than outright tax evasion ( although some do both ) . 
  and then we should close those and go after the more eggregious case and demand they pay said taxes they ... `` avoided '' ; or face prosecution . 
   doctors and lawyers who own their own firms and take money under the table . 
  part of the problem is there is a large amount of poverty and that ( illegal ) economy actually helped some people to survive , hitting it while the fat cats get away with it because they have a lawyer army would destabilize the country . 
  they 'll need first to make very public examples of the oligarchs and fix living standards sufficiently before being able to go after mr and mrs xxxpoulos and ask them to pay the last 500 $ they hide under the mattress to pay the end month bills . 
  otherwise you outright risk revolt . 
   the irs actually did a massive multibillion dollar audit of small businesses and self employed people a few years ago . 
  to their surprise , almost everyone was paying their taxes . 
  they canceled the program early because of how unprofitable it was . 
  point in case it 's not the small business they should go after but the big fishes right now . 
  ship owners and operators mega corps straight in sight .
