   if there is any problem , than the opposition parties oppose to the results . 
  which is kindah hard if they are arrested or the journos that kept an eye on the vote too , or they tell you your family is going to get arrested if you protest it . 
  face it , in half the country that election was about as legit as the crimean `` referendum '' organized by the russian army . 
   the percentage would probably be quite a bit lower if the question had been more neutral like `` should we sacrifice ( some ) democracy for an authoritarian political power ? '', 
  yes and no , mostly no . 
  as a french i 'd suspect we 're used to have `` elected kings '' as president , with sweeping authority . 
  but i do believe they should remain elected , just like the assembl\u00e9e nationale ( parliament ) . 
  they might be right . 
  we might have to close the borders and start processing new claims from already existing refugees camps instead ; allowing to pick priorities and manage the volume better . 
   `` i believe we should be honest to the refugees and tell the truth -- namely , that europe is overburdened and the rush is too great . 
  we do n't want syrians to sell their houses to pay the people smugglers with the feeling that they are welcome in europe -- and then be held in turkey and not allowed through . '' ... that 's true : - /, 
   business opportunity !, 
  not everything 's about pressuring one last buck out of people stuck in a corner . 
  there have been rumors of significant fraud in that one already . 
   he does n't want to go to language classes , and supplements tie in a lot of current advantages with good proficiency with the german language ? 
  that 'll force them to learn the bases quickly enough  `` i wo n't need to , anyway , because i 'm here only until the war in syria is over . ''  `` the other day , i asked my friends who 'd want to return , seven out of nine raised their hands . 
  the rest have their families here . '' well in their case problem solved at worse in a couple years then ; hopefully earlier . 
   but since he came in illegally , he does n't know how to go back . 
  contact the embassy ? 
  if you were to go camping with thousands of people at the same location , the argument would be different i imagine . 
  for example big events do have organised security , medical service , toilets etc, 
  that would be like the perfect justification to send in back the military to remove them , by force ; and close the border libyan side . 
   from an educated background talking angrily and racist over others with less will to integrate themselves , that would be considered nazi if it came from people without recent migration background . 
  i would almost point a finger at erogan fueling that hate for his political gains in turkey, 
   and even in the third generation of some migrant groups , many are unable to speak proper german is n't that a bit of an exageration ? 
   _  i mean , in france even the most stubborn immigrant tends to speak at least broken french in the first gen and excellent french ( albeit with an accent and lots of street slang ) in the second or 3rd ( the one born here ) . 
  i guess it depends on the issue . 
  i 'm not big on following anyone 's program blindly on everything, 
   and if they are so dumb to elect a radical leftist government in times of a huge migration crisis , twice , with left being particularly insane when it comes to immigration , then i have little sympathy for them . 
  you just forget to tell they are lazy and asking them to `` gib back debts '' to complete the entire anti greek racism bingo . 
  radical leftism is what happen when you tell people that they do n't need pensions , welfare , schools or power companies because gottah pay billionaires foreign bankers before . 
  you ca n't entirely '' prevent '' waves of refugees when a state collapses like syria or the middle east . 
  only try to manage them . 
  technically i believe for some eu countries you can already ask for asylum at embassies . 
  and [ sweden was talking about it too ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20150421/swedish-government-split-on-eu-embassy-asylum ) . 
  but pratically speaking , it 's just since the refusal rate is near 100 % nearly nobody bothers . 
  people near the mediterannean know they have a lot more chance to succeed as illegals as long as they do n't draw attention to themselves ( violence , racism etc ) . 
  then there is that issue with asylum shopping . 
  well ; care to loan an army to calm down the situation in syria ? 
  japan and south korea do n't have the syrian or libyan crisis to deal with . 
   the reason there are problems is that it wasnt expected . 
  the bests plans always collapse when facing reality . 
  let 's start by doing small before doing anything big ; lest it ends up with more people dying . 
   it 's just the refugee reception and handling institutions that werent prepared for this many people . 
  like everything else . 
  schools , med personnal , housing , transportation , welfare , work system , integration , ; etc etc. 
  we have to figure out everything step by step . 
   if we had been a bit more prepared like by waiting to see if we can already figure out solutions for 1/100 of what you are suggesting ? 
  i 'd suggest we start by finding ways to deal with the current inflow ( roughly 5-15k a day ) before thinking of scaling up anything . 
  if we ca n't handle current levels , we certainly wo n't handle a 5 % rise a year ( what you suggest would really cause ) ; or even 1 % ( what you * think * it would cause ) . 
  there wo n't be much point if the system collapses in a revolution and people start dying , would n't it ? 
  or worse , the nazis ending up in power with support from the population . 
   just let people seek asylum from everywhere in the world expect 5 millions people in a month or a 95 % rejection rate ? 
  as much as i 'd like to , we do n't have an empty capital city just lying around or enough ressources to spare for another half a billion . 
  let me guess : they wants all the air companies in the market to be force given ( '' merged '' ) in a company they or one of their friends own by law force ? 
  instead of , i dunno , rising security checks and maintenance requierements and heavily punish companies that fraud them or pressure pilots into flying what the know are unsafe planes falling apart . 
  we in fact sent money and ngos to help on the ground . 
  but i agree , it looks like it was n't enough, 
  well ; then what ? 
  we ca n't exactly remove visa & open borders at the airports . 
  as much as i 'm a leftist ; the european system simply would n't survive the shock . 
  capture all the cats in a 3 months operation & move them all away ? 
  that looks suspiciously like an excuse to scrap it, 
   the four banks will have to submit capital plans explaining how they intend to cover their shortfalls by 6 november they have less than a week to figure out 14bn ? 
  this is going to hurt, 
  ouch . 
  yet another civilian plane . 
  condoleances . 
   my feeling is they try to survive this epoch , until things will get back to `` normal '' and business resumes as usual . 
  well let 's hope this horribly corrupted `` normal '' does n't come back . 
  that way they 'll have to either keep doing their job correctly or change post . 
   ( he also tried to shot himself in the head ) : / does n't excuse helping fucking up the entire country tho . 
  and certainly should not justify the guy coming back in power in any way . 
   and they only caught him with 3-4 millions `` caught him '' being the operative words . 
  if they could nail him for 4m , how much passed unseen . 
   others stole more `` so what do you vote for ? 
  slow death ? 
  cold death ? 
  plague death ? '', 
   well , the good mayors already do a fine job , so i guess you do n't really need a manual to not steal . 
  no but they could teach the others a trick or two likely  mayor of capital ( bucharest ) had a faraday cage where his guests would put all the electronic devices when they visited xd i guess that level of overkill can work to some degree . 
  ( i ca n't wait to see the russians mafiosis starting to line up their houses with tinfoil too :d ), 
  ahah ; maybe local activists with help from unconvicted unsuspect elected officials or even the anti corruption bureau ? 
  well i 'm sure the romanian gov could write them a mayor textbook/manual with guidelines , examples and suggestions if it comes to that . 
  but not stealing money , taking bribes or doing stuff only for their personnal advantage or the one of their close relatives would be a good start . 
  well , it would looks like their own anti corruption efforts are finally starting to pay serious dividends ; well done romania !, 
   if you are in an armed force , unapproved by the lawful government , but hey , it is the lawful government in europe . 
  different legislation might run in different countries . 
  obviously we 're not talking about joigning daesh , since that would be 100 % treason . 
  but some soldiers fight alongside nato forces against daesh and it 'd be a bit vexated if they got in serious trouble due to that . 
   why would you let your citizens join such a force without thorough supervision and control ? 
  should the gov supervise and control everyone 's life continuously on every aspects beyond running the country & security proper ? 
   anyway that is my opinion . 
  i guess i will agree to disagree with you on that topic , then  if you want to kill and die for a cause regarding daesh , the point is n't necessarily to kill people but to dissolve the dangerous organization , by force since nothing else is obviously going to work . 
   i would even think it is wrong for danish citizens to join the french foreign legion or american army , unless there is consent from the danish government , but i do n't know if it is the case . 
  looking for reasons to blame & punish people much ?  _  is n't that a bit against what scandinavia believes on paper at least ? 
   fighting in any conflict should be considered treason fighting for an ennemy or terrorist group is definitely treason . 
  however as pointed out that soldier had dual kurdish nationality so i do n't think fighting for your country ( which is on top of it definitely an ally of denmark and nato at large ) is treason at all , sorry . 
   there is no , or little , proof and control of what the fighting person is actually doing , actually , in that case service with the peshmerga or alongside western forces could easily be verified , since there are close ties with the americans and a number of western personnal in kurdistan and in iraq in larger sense . 
  well that would be a defacto death sentance so it 's unlikely that sweden would allow it .
