  at least that what i was taught . 
  a dark side on what was otherwise a good turkish leader . 
   you have undeniable documents to show turkey 's isis support then why the hell article does n't give us any information from that proof besides that it is undeniable ?!, 
  well because the russians ( or gullenists ) would use it against you day 1 for a start and a couple other consequences like that ? 
   btw your history knowladge is kinda rusty . 
  turkey 's borders are not some `` artifical lines '' drawn by your forefathers . 
  no ; but the syrian & iraqi lines is their fault . 
  they decided on those two and quietly agreed later to appoint saddam to keep iraqi in one piece just to hide the fact they made a bad decision ( the reason the americans knew about saddam gazing people was because western leaders were the ones who wrote the chemical weapons sale invoice ) instead of recutting it between shia , sunnis & kurds . 
  turkey did not helped either when they earlier decided to ... rise the turkmen share of the population in southern eastern turkey by the way of arms ( and pushing them in syria/iraq that where pushing them in turkey the same way . 
  and occident still did n't do a damn thing to hide their own mistakes ) . 
   your accusations that has a source of #twitterkurds means/proves nothing . 
  your demeaning has no root in reality : http://uk.businessinsider.com/links-between-turkey-and-isis-are-now-undeniable-2015-7?r=us&amp;ir=t but i guess nato 's not that much in a hurry to destabilize turkey so for now they are simply sitting on most documents on the subject . 
   did you even know anything about pkk until this syrian crisis ? 
  kurdish rebels integrated as a branch of the old soviet network during the cold war to fuck over nato turkey at the time . 
  their rebellion originate from the ottoman era ethnic purges and one of occident 's worst mistakes ( our european fault . 
  well our forefathers ' 200y ago ? 
  ) , ridiculous artificial country lines in the middle east that cut them out of their land in other countries too and basically made them stateless . 
  heard about them first in the pages in my history book in the same moments we learnt about the armenian mass deaths . 
   and we are not gon na forget that fact because of some new genocidal islamist nutjobs with gross beards ( which happens to be very common in this particular damned geography / thanks wahhabis for their lovely contribution to worlds i guess ) . 
  no , but maybe you should stop trying to find new and creative excuses to kill kurds under old pretenses and stop trying to get nato to do your dirty job . 
  you know where the money that they ( daesh ) used to invade sinjar and kill 200k people ( isis wide ) came from ? 
  yep , turkey . 
  so do n't lecture me on the pkk , thank you . 
  sorry i snapped a bit . 
  they found yet another mass grave in sinjar ( where only the pkk and a few pesh at first stood their ground to protect the civilians ) and i got yet another message from a turk about how the pkk is litterally the root of all evil and agenda pushing . 
  seriously . 
  unless pkk controls hungaria or italy & libya , it 's not pkk . 
  edit : sorry for the insult , that was out of place . 
  i know the pkk deals in drug . 
  but they 're not the ones that are causing us such problems right now, 
  ah yes . 
  inb4 it 's `` pkk '' and next thing you jump on blamming rojava . 
  we have a huge problem with eastern european ( who import paks etc ) and north african mafia ( libya , morroco , ... ) . 
  i wish turks would stop reusing everything to push their antikurd racist agenda thank you . 
  i 'm not going to go into that territorial dispute . 
  but i 'm suspecting turkey/greece should n't send jet fighters against other nato members over that . 
  the 4/4 definitely hit the nail tho . 
  we spend millions of weapons between nato members but still ca n't shake human traffickers ( the scourge of the century ) . 
  and so 3/4 , maybe once this whole syria thing is over the turks & greeks should sign an agreement or come to an arrangement regarding those airspace violation or something . 
  neither countries will go anywhere and it could at least save some jet fuel and wear & tear on flights . 
  you also do n't have the uk next door where people are trying to get in . 
  tho you do have moleenbeek , which is worse than our banlieus . 
  as for marseille , it 's different and that does n't count with immigration . 
  that 's `` just '' due to it being a mafia city ( our chicago ) and a different social problem . 
  bank transfert wagon attacks , drug money and casino funds embezzlment definitely are very different than waves of badly integrated immigrants . 
  well then maybe it 's time to change something there officially \u00b2, 
  actually if they hit tourism not that much : the russian country can definitely survive without going to the turkish beaches or winter ressorts ... 
  it 's going to hit erdogan tho , whose economy relies partly on tourism ( of which russia 's an noticable part ) . 
  while it 's not going to make turkey crash either , it 'll certainly bite over the next months . 
  the cloths they can also import from china . 
   i mean , you ca n't sanction the whole world they 're mainly sanctionning turkey on specific target sectors , it 's not the same thing at all . 
  looks like they did their homework on this . 
  and i would n't be surprized they maintain them if turkey keep poking at them too ( with tanks now ... ) . 
  ( i wish erdogan would calm down and wake up for a minute ... ), 
   `` the state has unfortunately decided to ignore the phenomenon , there 's no welfare . 
  in greece when you talk about prostitution , you deliver everything to the free market `` emphasizes characteristically . 
  here 's a very serious problem . 
  is there 's anyway they could throw an additionnal bit of welfare to household with no reported income and no major income on the bank account ( asking for bank statements/checking other banks for the same name and corroborating them quietly is easy ... ) ? 
  ( i dunno 150 $ / mo or something ... ) . 
  well . 
  diplomatic ? 
  i 'm not sure about the term here sorry haha, 
  i think he talked about the ~ ~ geopolitical ~ ~ diplomatic nice gesture , something i heartily agree with . 
  because , there is a very brutal war next to us in syria right now . 
   because they know their asylum application will be rejected then they wo n't be accepted in the uk either . 
  not even that it 'll be necessarily rejected by france , but they 'll be refused by the uk and they do n't want to bother with france in the immediate yes . 
  a lot of them speak english or have family in the uk so they want to get there . 
  usually they ca n't , but sometime somebody manage to slip by the patrols . 
  altho it looks like the local police might have been overwhelmed . 
  it might be a good idea to send riot police reinforcments looking at the situation ( like 500-2000 ; depending on what 's available . 
  if possible a permanent police reinforcment force , with adequate risk/out of home bonuses ) . 
  and let them know ( loudspeaker ? 
  flyers ? ), 
  that anybody caught doing something violent will be fast tracked for immediate forced deportation to their country . 
  poverty in europe . 
  damn . 
   oh damn , i red somalia but it 's nigeria . 
  both do have piracy problems . 
   isis is using plenty of american equipment abandonned by the hundred by the iraqi army in mosul , i think we all know the story ...  and has more than enough fighters trained by troops from usa . 
  now that one is sheer fiction . 
  sweet . 
  more tax/legal `` optimizing '' ( aka fraud ) . 
  i hope they get nailed down . 
  no need to ban them any time soon , but use of customer level subsidies ( cashback by the state ) , tax breaks for electric car manufacturing/reselling by car vendors , and limitating manufacturing of new gas cars models could lead to a rolling replacement with electric cars . 
  that way , nobody would go in your garage to order you to hand over your old beater . 
  but when it breaks down in 10 years you could find it cheaper to buy a new electric one with the subsidies than repairing the old gas one . 
   are electic cars better in the bigger scheme of things ? 
  today and probably in near future - no . 
  range of electric cars are still not comparable to ices , they still need charging ( even with `` fast charging technology '' it 's bit of a mess . 
  gasoline or diesel cars needs a refill at a station on a regular basis too ...  it still needs big breakthrough , or batteries that you can easily replace ) . 
  as the company tesla proved it , the technology for long autonomy ( 700km ) and fast charge ( 10min ) already exist , and is available for consumer market ( altho at high prices due to small series production runs ) . 
  there is however an extreme degree of resistance from current car manufacturers and obviously the oil industry , to electric car developement & push on the market . 
  according to rumors , they do not hesitate to push cumulated hundreds of millions of $ / $ in bribes and `` campaign contributions '' on the table to limitate it . 
   and we do n't even take into account that electricity needs to come from somewhere and most of the countries are not 100 % based on clean energy ( be that `` green '' , or nuclear ) . 
  even if we were to use maximally polluting coal plants only to produce power for those cars , it would still be multiple times cleaner to use those central powerplants . 
  individual fossil-fuel powered cars are very inefficient next to electric engines , and that 's when they are not completely frauding every single emission tests . 
  fired ? 
  the guy should be sued oo there has to be laws against fake charities intended mainly for personnal profit, 
   one shelter in munich pays 20 $ per meal day for a refugee , because there is only one contractor the city ( i guess , maybe it 's bavaria ) pays to cater to the refugees . 
  that food is shit , you would n't pay 3 $ in a cantina or mensa for it if you had the choice .
