  ( and i mean i 'm not juncker , but i 'd rather gloat a bit too before the actual thing happen than actually move to kick them down financially ; i can see why he 's doing that ) . 
  the drinking might be a problem tho , admittedly  _  sober yourself a bit , mr juncker !, 
  andrea leadsom looks like there might have been a bit of fraud there too ...  following her appointment , it was discovered that she had placed her shares in a buy-to-let property company , which she had started with her husband in 2003  this is a move that is commonly used to avoid inheritance tax . 
  she also took advantage of offshore banking arrangements for the property company in an apparent contradiction to george osborne 's attempts to crack down on tax avoidance . 
   the firm has also made donations of # 816,000 to the conservative party  `` these very large donations might be within the rules , but it certainly is n't right that a treasury minister has been taking money in this way . 
  most reasonable people will see this as completely unreasonable '' . 
  and beyond that , well ; she also seemed pretty eurosceptic to me recently ? 
   leadsom appeared on the `` leave '' panel , along with gisela stuart and boris johnson . 
  [ 31 ] leadsom rejected claims that the uk should pursue single market membership , and said in response that 80 % of the world 's economy , and most eu free trade deals , are not even within the single market . 
  she also said that the uk economy is too large to need the single market , but is being hindered by the extreme slowness of eu trade procedures maybe she had a change of hearth i dunno . 
  admittedly , she does n't have half the ... sociopolitical luggage and annoying past ... other conservative members can sometime have . 
   in july 2012 , during the libor scandal , she was widely reported on for her effectiveness at getting to the bottom of the scale of the mismanagement of risk in banks during the treasury committee 's questioning of bob diamond and seem to have possibly even defied the conservative leadership once or twice when they openly abused ( they 're in the libor fraud up to the neck tbh ) not bad on that . 
  not bad . 
  ( because it means she can think a bit for herself and is n't just another complete party `` yesman '' product ) . 
  lol there 's not going to be a war ( or so i hope , because i very much dislike the idea of facing yet another war front ) . 
  if they brexit they 're just going to end up like an independant italy under berlusconi , that 's all . 
  brokeass , corrupt and under the us ' neocons ' heel ( because the ~ ~ god & oil ~ ~ grand old party consider themselves the only true ones in charge and does not share power unless truly forced ; democracy does not seems one of murdoch 's priorities at any rate ) . 
  well vichy kindah was the puppet government for the nazis in france . 
  so posting a vichy card with that title is declaring that the eu is nazi or at least making a rapprochement . 
  a bit ~ ~ totally stupid ~ ~ ridiculous and overdone would n't you think ? 
  ah , yes , the whole `` europe = litterally hitler '' . 
  did n't took long . 
  the thing is , it looks like gove does n't even have half the skills johnson have . 
  it 's almost scary . 
  gove vs johnson is a full on remake of ted cruz vs donald trump . 
  creationist religious fundamentalist vs manipulated crook edit : for any eu citizen that want to understand the whole thing , here 's a bit of background on cruz , might help you understand why they used gove as their backup after farage : http://www.politico.com/story/2016/03/ted-cruz-christian-evangelical-vote-221349, 
  good point haha, 
   gove michael gove ? 
  i look at his file on wiki and see :  whose members condemned the `` climate of bullying , fear and intimidation '' they said he had created during his time as education secretary  in june 2012 , gove approved three schools run by creationists leading to concerns about whether department for education ( dfe ) requirements  . 
  the audience at the nut conference were told that gove had `` lost the confidence of the teaching profession '' , `` failed to conduct his duties in a manner befitting the head of a national education system '' , and `` chosen to base policy on dogma , political rhetoric and his own limited experience of education . '', 
   expenses claims ; over a five-month period between december 2005 and april 2006 , michael gove claimed more than # 7,000 on a house bought with his wife sarah vine , a journalist , in 2002 . 
   the financial times describes gove as having `` strong neoconservative convictions '' . 
   and that the liberation of iraq was a foreign policy success . 
   says the nhs `` fails to meet public expectations '' and calls for it to be dismantled and replaced with personal health accounts oh look . 
  another gop/neocon hardliner . 
  sweet . 
  it 's like they got an unending supply of corrupt people with dark age era religious beliefs ; who secretly want to abolish social security and cheered at the horrors they did in iraq . 
  damn i 'm already going to miss cameron . 
  i wonder . 
  does he realize they sometime went too far , or is it to avoid getting associed with the brexit problems ? 
  either way , fair enough ; good luck mr johnson . 
  i agree , he does n't really have any responsability in the current brexit situation . 
  i do n't see why juncker should resign . 
  i would also love to point out that while mr cameron resigned , it was n't for lack of competency or adequacy by any standards , but because he said he disagreed with the brexit direction the country was taking and felt a brexit supporter might be more appropriate for that role ( and that was , as far as i know , his decision ) . 
  well with rent prices just as nuts , the londoners will feel right at home :p, 
  no i 'm just tired of the house of cards shit . 
   start pointing fingers to the other side again . 
  probably because they have been in power de facto since year 2001 and partly there since at least tatcher & reagan . 
   but they do n't operate on their own . 
  if it were n't for the overly pc approach of handling issues with integration and provision of services for migrants maybe it would n't be boiling over now . 
  yes it would , because rupert murdoch spent his last 16 years tossing gasoline on the fire against first muslims , then now poles , then romanians , then ... 
  the `` pc approach '' was a reaction to the millions upon millions of civilian killed by the middle easts wars of those last decades . 
  and some people are still asking why we are n't tossing n tipped icbms at daesh . 
   with controlling immigration being a part of the platform let me correct that for you : with lies being a plateform . 
  did n't they pretended on prime time tv that the eu would give them a `` free trade agreement '' where the uk would be free to travel anywhere and get welfare in the eu but the eu would n't be allowed to go in the uk without visas ? 
  and where supposedly where the eu would pay the uk a yearly sum of money ( haha . ) . 
  because , as far as i know , that was yet another big , huge lie from the conservatives . 
  that 's not acceptable either . 
  but that 's not coming from mep or similar politicians . 
  they did n't put lies on buses in london . 
  they did n't embezzled the eu contributions . 
  they likely did n't assasinated opposition politicians . 
  ( then there are the blairites conservatives-with-a-labor-id-card in the whole 9/11 story up to the neck ) etc etc. 
  things the neocons did are very much starting to pile up . 
  it 's like they want to reach comic book villain status . 
   maximum kek yep . 
  keep laughing while they steal all the budget . 
  that did real good to eastern europe . 
   take one point from the whole campaign and use it to slander a whole nation oh no no no not an entire nation , i firmly blame it upon the torry conservative wing . 
  a few dozen persons top . 
   to your hateful agenda . 
  i 'm not the one responsible for dozens of xenophobic aggressions recently or the murder of jo cox . 
  i guess that was their polonium moment , hey ? 
  `` just send a crazy to kill your annoying opponent '' . 
   but i can assure you , as someone who lives in england , someone who voted leave but has no desire to see this xenophobic agenda sensationalized by the media that 's only backed by a tiny minority enforced . 
  whether you wished such consequences or not , they can only be the only inevitable result of constant racist propaganda . 
  when you yell 10 times a day in the media that the polish are to blame for everything by sending welfare to their family in poland , the only thing you will end up with is disgruntled british citizens attempting to murder poles . 
  if you have your kids play with a loaded gun in front of your neighbor , do n't say `` i did n't wished so '' when he gets shot . 
   it would be appreciated if you 'd rather not brand us all hateful racists and xenophobes because as the old saying goes ... no i do n't , but a handfull of people like murdoch just empowered the 1 % fucked in the head with a licence to witch hunt poles , because it diverts attention from their own dirty business . 
  the brexiters declared that any non uk citizen was an `` invader out there to steal their job and money and starve them '' ; ~ ~ likely to cover the money they brexit politicians stole ~ ~ : http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/16/nigel-farage-defends-ukip-breaking-point-poster-queue-of-migrants and of course murdoch 's media empire obligated to repeat it 100x daylong , on tv , in newspappers , on the radio , ... 
  they made racism and open scapegoating an acceptable mainstream opinion again . 
  this is outrageous . 
  this is what decades of conservative encouraged racism led to . 
  all because it suited their petty `` sovereignty '' projects to shield themselves from fraud investigation by bruxelles . 
  `` thank you '' trump , johnson , murdoch & co, 
   murdoch reacting to the starting of wwiii : `` splendid ! '', 
  he 'd be the guy selling weapons to both sides, 
   what exactly would be the eus interest in stopping various european companies from making the highest amount of money possible ? 
  when that money is made by stealing budget money or making internet badly usable for the largest number of people , it goes against the interests of the rest of the country . 
   i mean , you know where eu politicians de facto get their paychecks from , right ? 
  wage from the eu or national budgets for the non corrupts . 
  this is good . 
  this is even excellent news . 
  and we 're talking about people who can afford it here . 
  look whose just coming out of the woodwork . 
  is n't that one of the top torry conservative leaders . 
  rupert murdoch . 
  it 's probably a better idea to try to address that law ( ie finally write a law that prevent the slow down or `` acceleration '' of some services ) than dismantle the continent, 
   someone eli5 why ca n't they brenter by having another referendum ? 
  because if you make two referendum in a row on exactly the same question it is to openly say that the first referendum is invalid because people did n't picked the way the government wanted them to .
