  they do n't really care about borders either . 
   problem # 2 : shipping costs . 
  enormous shipping costs from most of european countries uh ? 
  free or very cheap shipping is common in most online shopping . 
   and shipping was whooping 31.50 $ ( and 6.50 $ if i were in netherlands ) . 
  ok , my particular country is n't yet inside schengen change retailer , you are getting screwed over . 
   saying that immigrants need to assimilate and learn german well one does not preclude the other ; that much remains definitely true . 
  it 's best to learn the language & practices of the land you intend to live in , especially if long term . 
  erh , maybe this is a bit heavy handed . 
   any sensible leader would condition this shit with full schengen admission and dedicated funds to help with this clusterfuck . . good point . 
   one club owner increased its declared revenues by 1,500 % in may-july 2015 compared to the same period of last year , from about eur 20,000 to eur 324,000 , according to anaf . 
  haha  solved cases of small-time boutique owners such as identifying a chain of 70 companies controlled by two turkish investors which have damaged the state budget by eur 31 million since 2013 '' . 
  nice work there, 
  that definitely rings true . 
  you speak truth there friend \\* sigh *, 
  well , here 's another stat we can easily influence upon !, 
  rise the asylum acceptance rate of w&c and lower it for the others ( or even block it then allow the women to do family reunion , changing massively the demographics that come in ) . 
   the question is : why do n't they do anything at all . 
  because the troika pushed out everyone that had the courage to try anything and threathens anyone else who might have ideas . 
  the end result really is that the country is back on auto pilot , and that unless tsipras get re elected the reforms will likely never happen . 
   they can do anything they want or wish . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  anything that displease the troika will likely get them a phone call saying they 'll get worse rates , less cuts & more trouble if they do n't stop immediately . 
  i love how they put greece above china . 
  with no intended disrespect to the proud greeks , that list might be a bit propaganda or slightly biased haha, 
  well it has if you can use it to do something . 
  however if it 's just numbers on paper and do n't brings you anything , it quickly stop having meaning . 
  gold standard is a joke . 
  you ca n't buy food or oil or auto parts with gold in real life . 
  and even if you did at a ridiculous rate ( here 's a ~ ~ diamond ~ ~ gold bar for that sack of potatoes ) , it 'd be pretty quickly all gone . 
   nor what the financial backing of this new currency would be . 
  here lies the important question . 
  they lack the industry for that , and raw ressources prices are crashing . 
  their only real bet would be china chipping in , and i doubt china 'd risk a currency zone looking at how broke russia is becoming ( they would n't want their own greece ) . 
  ( for money to have value you need to be able to exchange it against something of value . 
  ressources are loosing value and russia is n't manufacturing much . 
  so what 's worth of value enough and widely avalaible to back the currenty ? 
  china do manufacture a lot but i doubt they 'd cooperate that much ), 
  well they 'll need to fix that much . 
  i hope the futur finance minister will know what he 's doing , honest ( ha ) and willing to tackle the issues . 
  because if he 's like the ones before syriza , he 'll just pocket kickbacks , send checks to germany when asked , and ignore whatever 's going on ... 
   it 's like all retarded ideologies , long abandoned by most reasonable people , are getting a revival in greece . 
  probably because all the `` sane '' ones all concluded to the same thing : extreme poverty for you , more money for foreign bankers & bond holders & other billonaire creditors '' . 
  so , unsurprizingly , greek people are looking elsewhere . 
  edit : just to be clear , during wwii while everyone in germany 's politics was looking to apply the versailles treaty , the nazi fed the population . 
  that 's why people put them in charge . 
  sure why not . 
  but most that comes here tries to go to the uk instead . 
  we 're not that popular anymore apparently \\* shrugs * ( and , really , more than anything else , we need to rebuild `` the jungle '' area in calais as a proper camp . 
  but that 's just me ), 
   that wo n't work and you know it . 
  there is no single migrant who has entered europe who will leave . 
  and lost a ton of money . 
  by putting them back in turkey they lost a lot of time & money & ca n't always do it again . 
  it sends at least a warning of not doing anything like it again . 
   do you think a single one will obey a deportation order ? 
  you ever met greek cops ? 
  i believe they wo n't really ask the detained rioters . 
  they 'll happily put them handcuffs , bring them in the first plane or safe boat , and happily drop them in the turkish airport or port . 
  i believe here it says we can deport them without warning to turkey : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25398872 perfect . 
  let 's arrest the rioters and send them to the refugee camps there . 
  ( sorry erdogan : / on the bright side , they 'll probably be more calm once they realize violence has only negative consequences for them ) the afghan themselves might even try to apply to iran instead : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/afghans_in_iran, 
  most of 1930 era germany really believed that they were people that `` polluted '' the genepool by being genetically corrupt . 
  now we know that has no scientifical basis , so they adapted by saying it 's foreign culture . 
  the problem being that sometime some culture are ... yes , let 's say it , lagging behind the others . 
  however while we believe we should integrate them - teach them our own culture - & limit numbers & fix the problem at the source ( ie help stopping the war or poverty ) , nazis believe we should throw them out in the sea or kill them `` just to be safe '' . 
  ( obviously i heavily disagree with that . ), 
  i do n't think he 's necessarily evil . 
  i think he hates a lot of people because he thinks they 're the one that are destroying his country . 
  and that his country 's culture is going to disappear due to it . 
  ( on my own i do suspect that society in europe is going aside because at high level everyone is stealing their own billion regularly `` but it 's just a single sand grain in the beach '' but well if everyone does it ... ), 
   gorbachev was pushing through liberalization exactly . 
  and did n't that caused that the kgb did n't wanted any of that shit so they did their own stuff in their corner without consulting him ? 
   nobody was rooting out opponents well , historically what was the soviet reaction to independancy declaration ? 
  oh yeah , sending in the tanks . 
  except since gorbatchev would n't send tanks against civilians , they had to convince him it was violent militias massacring civilians . 
   azeris were largely in favour of keeping the union until black january soviet authorities were well positionned to know how weak they were in the 90 's , and that they would n't be able to keep anything in the ussr without resorting to violence & the army if it came to independancy declarations . 
  from wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/azerbaijan#republic_era  later in 1990 , the supreme council of the azerbaijan ssr dropped the words `` soviet socialist '' from the title , adopted the declaration of sovereignty of the azerbaijan republic and restored flag of the azerbaijan democratic republic as the state flag you do n't plot that kind of thing overnight . 
  so it 's obvious they had months or years of prep and moscow/the kgb inevitably heard about it . 
  they probably started to act that very moment . 
   and armenia itself is n't a nonfactor . 
  without russian military , armenian military strength alone is a joke , like most post soviet republics . 
  the whole thing was built to rely on russia . 
   practically every inch of azerbaijani-held territory has been cleansed of armenians . 
  it 's not much of a stretch to infer what they intended for nk . 
  i 'm not saying that did not happen . 
  i 'm saying that it 's possible that the kgb manipulated azeri extremists to do it , to have a casus belli to offer to gorbatchev to intervene . 
  remember the iraqi war how cheney 's cronies pushed `` proofs of chemical & mass destruction weapons '' on bush ' desk ? 
   they had the soviet union already , and azerbaijan was plotting to leave it . 
   azerbaijani-armenian conflict did nothing to preserve the union apart massively weakening azerbaijan that just declared independancy , put a frozen conflict in it 's border backed by russian tourists , and strengthen largely relations with it 's neighbor armenia that just gained territory , weapons , and became reliant on russia again for their own military security . 
   yes . 
  those crafty russians created debilitating unrest in their own country to root out opponents and slaughter them better ? 
  they did used the trick repeatedly in poland & the baltics to crush the maquis . 
   to retain in order to create after the collapse of their empire ( which they very much like to avoid ) a small poor statelet that they would have very , very minor influence over down the line . 
  it was obvious that the azeri were about to declare independancy . 
  much like ukraine did recently de facto . 
  the moment they do , suddenly the independant azeri 's opponents get hundreds of tanks , dozens of bm21 and even a pair of sukhois . 
  but it 's to protect ~ ~ russian ~ ~ armenian speaking minorities from genocide . 
  right . 
   because they just like conflict between ethnic groups that much .
