  check - countries totally crashing or on verge of under ultra poverty ? 
  ( weimar germany , greece , spain , eastern europe , russia ) ? 
  check - blocs starting to form ? 
  ( ultra conservatists vs `` liberalists '' ) check - country blocks starting to form ( nato vs russia ) ? 
  check - massive militarization of the blocks , skirmishes ? 
  check - national socialists trying to get back in power everywhere ( front national in france , golden dawn in greece , sd in sweden , carson or trump 's gop & the tea party , russian ultranationalists , ... ) ? 
  check - ultra corruption that routinely steal billions , corporatism , spreading everywhere occident wide , power over society massively concentrated in only a few hands , lots of people in jail for criticizing authority on a quasi normal basis ? 
  check - governments that do n't listen to their population anymore in a lot of country , social apathy to politics ? 
  check - massive wars that destroyed millions of foreigners to unite large countries ? 
  check - people largely willing to sacrifice their liberty and all their rights for security and police at every corners ? 
  check there 's a lot of boxes that are starting to get checked . 
  seriously , the cracks are showing , the current politico-social climate is a powder keg . 
  dismantling the eu is ( imho ) likely to ignite it . 
  right . 
  eu leaders like junker , hollande or merkel are obviously `` literally hitlers '' . 
  no but falling back with the pre wwi or wwii political climate would n't be either the idea of the century , for obvious reasons . 
   that 's not what i am saying . 
  people are n't radicalized in schools nor they are radicalized in all mosques . 
  you ca n't just close them on sight because it 's a muslim place of cult . 
  you close the ones you find are places of radicalization . 
  which is what happened there . 
   and the fact we have n't acted on it earlier is certainly `` looking the other way '' . 
  or the fact we did n't went all nsa to basically read the actions of millions of muslims constantly just to spot the few places of radicalization ? 
  they found that one once they got some of the culprits in paris which allowed to get a tie in the radicalization web and dismantle parts of it . 
  it 's a political union aiming to integrate the various countries of said continent . 
  really ? 
  glad you care so much about your countrymen let me put it that way : there 's 5 million french citizens of muslim religion . 
  five . 
  millions . 
  i wo n't agree pushing 5 million frenchs under a bus because a few donald trump loving racist assholes feel unsafe around somebody of a different religion because it might stop even 100 death a year . 
   vet the people coming into your country , which is the hypocritic sentance people use before saying a year later `` ohh too late they are here invading us , let 's deport everyone '' then a year later you have donald trump as president candidate with one of his aid saying on tv `` oh the wwii camps were right they did what they had to be done , let 's do the same with muslims '' . 
  check the frontpage of / r/politics if you do n't believe they just said that . 
   ensure that they follow your laws , i believe that would be the role of the police , yes . 
   help them to learn about your culture . 
  yes , for example by putting them in school  give them the opportunity to either integrate or leave . 
  which is a politically correct way of saying `` i want to deport all muslims by force and send the police arresting everyone with ~ ~ jewish ~ ~ muslim parents '' for a lot of people . 
   go to their home , remove the threat this is currently ongoing tho . 
   ( yes , isis is a fucking threat , to them and to us - i ca n't believe i say that but i do agree with you * here * and i 'm a coalition supporter , soo ... hopefully the sdf ( basically our defacto ground troops there ) will walk on raqqah ( the isis capital ) within a year . 
  it 's slow going because we ca n't really put more western troops on the ground because it 's basically a trap and exactly what daeshis are waiting for . 
  so for now , we go with air power mainly . 
  dismantling the continent is an `` hope '' to you ? 
  a lot of baathists on his payroll where shia, 
  and we have known schools shooting exists for like forever . 
  do that mean we need to close all schools too ? 
  and the solution of racists is to ruin the lifes of millions of muslims to avoid the death of a dozen . 
  what 's the name for that ? 
   let the shiites live in peace since they truly did nothing wrong to deserve the public 's scorn . 
  [ erh . 
  well . 
  ] ( http://www.caffeineinformer.com/wp-content/caffeine/mountain-dew.jpg ) you might have heard about ~ ~ that dude called `` saddam '' , or ~ ~ iran , and `` al assad '' . 
  things are n't black & white . 
  looked the other way ? 
  they just closed it down when finding about it . 
  how is that looking the other way ?!? 
   uh , source ? 
  just look up some of the comments she was condemned for : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34580169 regular backhanded references to wwii stories , half voiced with all the nices implications . 
  pretty hard to prove yes , but the next guy that answer me `` you ca n't prove it ! '' ... 
   uh , source ? 
  are you talking about plans to deport immigrants who commit serious crimes ? 
  because that 's the propsal . 
  do you have a problem with this ? 
  okay , pick a guy born in france that only speak french , have only french nationality , and never really left the country apart for vague holidays in north africa . 
  the guy steal a car and so you brand him a criminal . 
  where do you deport him and on what basis ? 
  and now you want to send his entire family alongside , cousins included , because they 're all suspicious ? 
  yeah , that 's what we 're going to do if nobody says stop . 
   are these encampments legal ? 
  ` nazis enforced the written laws , so we ca n't enforce the laws or we 'll be evil nazis ! ', 
  making suddenly encampments & campings illegal after they were there for 10 years does n't make it ok somehow . 
   ` nazis enforced the written laws , so we ca n't enforce the laws or we 'll be evil nazis ! ', 
  no , nazis wrote laws to target specific groups ; and got the population thinking it was ok to single people based on their origin , supposed `` genetics '' , or religion . 
  which is basically what you are doing here with the muslims . 
   mindlessly watching tv what tv ??? 
   you do not deserve to live in europe . 
  what if i decide you are n't worthy of living there either ? 
   _   first , national socialists do n't have a long history ; the idea is less than a hundred years old . 
  lol the philosophy of racism and `` superior humans '' and `` enslaving the decadents before they pollute civilisation '' bullshit is quite older than you might think . 
  shit , you can find similar racism at the roman era with the whole slavery system . 
  you think it 's a recent invention ? 
  that 's cute . 
  and you are telling me i do n't know 1 % of history ? 
  :o)  and/or why islam is the dominant religion in the middle east today probably partly because the usa and russians used the area to do a proxy war and destroyed most secular states there since the whole cold war . 
  and the whole artificial borders bs did n't helped . 
  or pogroms . 
  or violent decolonization . 
  : / we went from this : https://www.reddit.com/r/france/comments/3ucujd/un_discours_de_nasser_vieux_de_plus_de_soixante/?ref=search_posts to the current bs partly because of that . 
  we did n't had their best interests of anyone in mind during the cold war . 
  but it 's easier to pass occident 's own faults under the carpet and blame religion for starting it . 
   i 'd be very surprised : modern leftists are uniform in their abysmal lack of knowledge about history . 
  they have some idea of about 1 % of human history , and that 1 % is skewed and inaccurate and you think i 'm the one arrogant but you do n't even know what your own party leadership plot in the next ten years or what happened in the last 50 :o)  but leftists know all about pop culture and what 's on tv . 
  i assume you love mentally framming me as the whole `` fat american in front of tv '' picture because it 's easier to do that than actually bothering to do your search and figuring you might be hu . 
  simply wrong ? 
  :o)  without heavy use of a ) flagrant lies b ) name-calling c ) literally nothing else . 
  your side has a monopoly on the stupid , ignorant , wastoids ... i 'll just leave your own comment there and laugh   democracy can not survive such stupid and worthless people as you ; society can not . 
  ah there we go  the old excuse the extreme right always used ( if only to themselves ) when they want to make a coup : `` humans are incapable of taking care of themselves and too idiotic , let us take absolute power for their own good and enforce all kind of racist regulations on them to `` clean '' the population '' . 
   madrassa just means school when used abroad it frequently means * religious * school . 
  there has to be secular/neutral schools or opt outs for any religious stuff ? 
  dismissing the capability of racist maniacs to kill & oppress people is how you get wwii or africa or the kkk . 
  oh , there have been quite a lot so it 's hard to find out which one is the last . 
  but i guess wwii , the nazi camps or staline 's gulags or the maoists , then the red khmer might count for something .
