  people do n't really pick where they live in the city anymore , their income and luck decide that for them . 
   i think the blame is also on catholic priests : they are telling ( or better say : not stopping ) people to have more kids . 
  so families have around 10 children . 
  that 's definitely a problem waiting to explode in our faces, 
  are they really going to hold him over for a single word out of context that was n't insulting ( yes swarming is an action that people sometime do , sorry ) ? 
  there is probably better things to blame him for . 
  like his obsession with cutting welfare , the uk/eu relations or the ridiculous internet filtering policy . 
   for 300k $ , i can buy a chanel cardboard house . 
  http://fadmagazine.com/2013/11/28/did-louis-vuitton-go-to-big/ ? 
  i think it costed them more than that tho . 
  a 100m \u00b2 flat in a high rise on the side of the town . 
  or 40m \u00b2 in the middle of it . 
  but `` nobody '' has 300k $ there . 
  so either you inherit it or you win at lottery or they have 40y of mortgage . 
   again you 're looking at this like it 's some sort of computer game . 
  well , i believe that 's why such advanced military doctrines are called `` game theory '' . 
  a favorite of the russian leadership i believe . 
  they always talk about how putin is a chess master and `` the great game '' . 
  there 's even a wikipedia page on their theory on the subject : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_great_game  and what of the rest of the world ? 
  do you think everyone else will just sit tight if china starts playing global conquest ? 
  they 'll do exactly the same thing than in ukraine but even moreso : it 's not their corner of the world , not their friends ( since russia just invaded their own territory in ukraine ) , not even their future friends ( remember aggressive russia that only talk about destroying nato & razing the baltics while publickly inviting maniacs like zhirinovsky to publickly laugh on tv at the idea of glassing all of europe ? 
  ) , and they can absolutely sit back & watch yes . 
   here 's a helpful map of countries you missed out . 
  vietnam : usa protectorate laos , myanmar : shitty military hellholes with nothing of interest ; thailand : i believe they are close to the usa too ? 
  near bengladesh , nepal , ... : well they do claim already part of the area do n't they ? 
  taji & kyryztan : not much there & very small . 
  but if they want they can roll in any day yes . 
  but it 's nowhere as rich in interesting ressources as mongolia & russia . 
  kazakhstan is already selling all their gaz to the eu ( everybody remembers those jokes about the coalition invading iraq for oil ) so they 'd probably not push the issue . 
  also something else i ca n't comment upon . 
   china is already bullying them around over the south china sea dispute . 
  yeah , over pennies . 
  so imagine what they 'll do for siberia which is x9778969979687 times more rich . 
   that 's a fraction of their military and the 250,000-300 ,000 you earlier suggested could be mobilised . 
  300k russians vs 190k ua ( possibly 280-320k by the end of the year ) . 
   they wo n't simply revoke it and go back to large scale population growth . 
  they wo n't `` simply '' do it . 
  they unwillingly painted themselves in a corner : http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/01/21/uk-china-onechild-idukkbn0ku0v720150121 rumors are it could be in reality as bad as a 7 to 10 % gender difference right now in china , hidden by the ccp . 
  and it 'll go only worse until they address it . 
  it 's causing serious social troubles : http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/monkey-cage/wp/2014/04/30/the-security-risks-of-chinas-abnormal-demographics/, 
   besides , why invade russia and get nuked when you can invest in russia and get the resources anyway ? 
  because if nothing else in the mean time and external eu help ; once putin will die of old age , russia will be extremely weak . 
  he rigged the entire system to depend upon him , and it might very well not survive him . 
  then china will have option 1 \u00b0 ) pay the russians 2 \u00b0 ) do n't pay the russians and just walk in . 
  and then the russian army options will look like the georgian ones in front of a ru invasion : \u2205  if they 're going to invade anywhere for resources it 'll be south asian countries which do n't have thousands of nuclear weapons . 
  like which ones ? 
  paranoid nuclear india ? 
  japan that is basically protected by the usa 's ones ; and they 're there too in fact ( the diaoyu islands ... ) . 
  south korea that might very well reunite with nk and have correct relations with them and very little to take away from them ? 
  they 're already there . 
  usa protectorate too , and if they collapse they 'd have loose nukes too so nobody wants to poke it too closely . 
   no it 's not a declared war because it does n't suit him for propaganda purposes . 
  which therefore has no influence on the actual military he deploys there . 
   no they wo n't soon have like 2 billion citizens , china 's population is just under 1.4 billion and growth is still slowing . 
  that one children policy ? 
  they 'll have to revocate it soon because it imbalances too much the m/f ratio gender due to their cultural background ( they only want boys . ) . 
  basically they 'll go back to have 2 or 3 kids per family . 
  and people will keep living longer with medical advances . 
   still ignoring that you 're talking about a mix of local militia groups backed by russian forces that are n't officially there those militias are a joke and a show for slowpokes at home that still believe it . 
  one local for 50 russians soldiers do n't make it a `` local separatist militia '' . 
   for example they ca n't openly get the airforce yeah i believe they lost a couple planes . 
   or the navy involved ... kindah logic with a mostly inland country where everything important apart odessa and mariupol is far from the coast . 
   they ca n't openly bring their heavy artillery to the field , lol are you blind ? 
  yes they do , they even fire above the border every days . 
   if russia brought the full might of its armed forces to bare , then the ukranians would lose ground a lot more quickly . 
  probably . 
  and they 'd ( ukraine ) loose kiev . 
  but there would be 150 ' 000-200 ' 000 dead invading russians soldiers within 5 years . 
   i ca n't find any source on that , and it simply makes no sense . 
  basically putin/the kremlin told several variants of that one to the eu authorities and kiev . 
  later when they started getting swamped it became 2 weeks : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/11069070/i-can-take-kiev-in-two-weeks-vladimir-putin-warns-european-leaders.html  this is n't a declared war because he was looking for an excuse to invade ukraine since 2007 and euromaidan gave it to him . 
  he 's claiming at home to `` liberate '' ukraine from a `` cia american invasion ''  why would china want empty plains ? 
  why would they risk nuclear war for them ? 
  because they want the ressources below those plains . 
  china will soon have like 2 billion citizens ( 2 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 . 
  vs 140 million russians who have 4 time their lands ; most of it empty and chockefull of goodies . 
  rare metals and wood , uranium , gaz , you name it ... ) within like 30 years and look for every scrap of advantage they can gain on every thing . 
   i can not see any particular reason why ukraine is in any way special that could cause its civilian population to be some sort of super-insurgents . 
  well compare the army how it was 3 years ago to the one giving the russians a bloody nose in donetsk right now ... 
  til crete is the texas of greece haha, 
   i do n't know what you want us to do , lie ? 
  about it , yes . 
  i do think that you or whoever wrote those are lying , to justify said invasion . 
  but oh nooo russia would never lie in such a conflict ? 
  never . 
  saying there are less russians in ukraine does n't make it true . 
  34 % of ukrainians are speaking russian . 
  and 90 % of the usa speak english . 
  that does n't make them englishmen . 
  all those people speaking russian in ukraine are still ukrainians . 
  hell , half the ukrainian soldiers busy containing the russian army invasion on the front line are speaking russian themselves on a day to day basis . 
  just because the russian language is widespread does n't entitle moscow to half the planet . 
  invade at your own peril . 
  please enlight us with another rt.com or rossyia-1 reportage . 
  bonus point for every of those words : nazi junta jewish crucifixion novorossya liberate empire ussr whattabout proofs iraq usa cia shill, 
   ukraine has barely held off the troops russia did send . 
  right . 
  that 's why stronk russia said they 'd be in kiev in 72h . 
  in mars 2014 . 
    and the idea that china would invade ?
