   just like pkk then ? 
  well if the mit did n't try to infiltrate the pkk they were n't doing their job . 
  guess the pkk found a way to kick them out however . 
   are the armed wing of the nationalist party called mhp ( turkey 's third biggest party ) all the `` armed wing 's '' head are all mit or mit sleepers or friends of mit . 
  you are quite naive if you do n't believe all the heads of every militias , armed forces , cops branch , intelligence agency or whatever force in turkey is n't headed by one of erdogan 's friends or agents . 
   that he will let the grey wolves march towards erdogans palace if the current situation seriously escalates . 
  yes and the army spake of similar things yet we both know erdogan arrested anyone vaguely independant & put his friends at the head of the whole organization . 
  it 's just talk to make people think they are independant . 
  it 's called a controled opposition . 
  just like the `` opposition '' in russia , where nearly all the others party are on fsb payroll . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/suspicions-grow-of-turkish-involvement-in-murder-of-pkk-activists-a-952734.html , 
   the areas being bombed in north-iraq are known pkk-bases ah yes and maybe we should level raqqah too because it 's an isis base ? 
  / s  and i do n't see grey wolves killing tens of soldiers and civilians in europe with ied 's , assault rifles , rpg 's , grenades , you name it . 
  that 's like the tenth incident in a week . 
  of course they do n't brandish weapons in the streets here ( unlike in turkey ) , because they 'd be arrested within 30min , firearms being illegal here . 
   kek , grey wolves on akp 's payroll ? 
  you clearly do n't know their political stance . 
  ah yes , because their mit masters works for the pkk or hdp maybe ? 
   these fights/protests are just the result of increased tension between two ethnic groups with some added political polarization . 
  which erdogan willingly stock , hoping to paint them and the hdp as terrorists to win the absolute majority at the snap election he just organized . 
  how surprizing / s  erdogan is n't gon na bother with some kurdish offices all the way in europe not personally , but the mit certainly does . 
  the more the kurds are harassed the more the pkk will bite back the more he can paint all kurds as terrorists , the more he can arrest and the more seats for him in the assembly . 
   ( and no state funded assassinations from the 80 's and 90 's does n't count as proof hewal ) . 
  it 's not just the 90 it 's still happening : http://www.todayszaman.com/anasayfa_fidan-admitted-mi-t-faction-executed-3-pkk-women-in-paris-kck-head-claims_375309.html, 
  have you even watched the picture in op 's article ? 
  it 's pretty obvious that 's about what happened again . 
   pkk supporters planted bombs at akp offices as far as i know this is bullshit that erdogan used to justify agitating even more . 
  but on the other hand , they did killed cops & military . 
   and assassinated members of the rival kurdish party years ago , in syria , some did eliminate their rival , yes i heard . 
  however , how does that justify turkish nationalists attacking hundreds of hdp ( a political party . ), 
  offices in turkey ? 
   i 'm sure 99 % of pro-pkk europeans have n't even heard of these bombing and assassinations ah yes . 
  `` what about the kurds in the 80 '' . 
  the same good old russian media strategy . 
   those secular freedom fighters have already started attacking your policemen , smashing their cars and calling them `` terrorist '' and `` isis '' . 
  so `` concerned nationalists '' decided to take a flight to europe ( or suddenly ~ ~ activated ~ ~ woke up after years ) , beat bloody dozens of them in the streets , and try to randomly bomb kurdish offices , business , homes , ... in germany , sweden , netherlands ... all at the same time by accident ? 
  riiiiight . 
  btw , about turkish military getting called isis , that would have nothing to do with for example turkey letting daesh suicide bombers pass in kobane/qamishlo or even providing them the weapons and explosives to do so , right ? 
  they are definitely bootlickers of the mit that takes order from erdogan & the akp, 
  ah yes and going by the same logic , what if we start jailing systematically the turks in europe because erdogan might or might not have killed some of our spec ops while bombing `` pkk '' ( ie half random areas ) in northern iraq ? 
  \\ -- if the grey wolves start terror campaigns in europe `` because pkk in turkey '' , they will be declared a terrorist organisation , hunted down and jailed . 
  people can be stupid but that 's not a pass for turkish `` nationalists '' to start dropping grenades at offices of their political opponents in foreign countries they have no business in . 
  no , the stones where 24h before , because grey wolves seeks & provoke systematically kurds in europe on turkish orders . 
  turkey wants war with the kurds and harass them in turkey right now , hoping they take the bait . 
  and when it 's not enough , they try beating them when they walk in europe . 
  and when that 's still not enough because the police walk in , they start attacking kurdish offices & businesses ( which is exactly what happened there ) . 
   there were hundreds of protests but only few hdp offices were destroyed . 
  that 's white washing if i ever saw it . 
  when the windows of 50 + offices are smashed and a lot more damaged in various ways , it 's not `` just a few '' . 
  i also find very settling the very fact you do n't find it anomalous either that `` ultra nationalists '' `` totally not on government payroll '' systematically harass violently their political opponents , destroy or burn their offices etc. 
   pkk supporters reported every single protest as `` an attack '' well , when the windows are smashed , the office set on fire and workers beaten then the ambulance bribed to refuse to take them to the hospital , what do you call it ? 
   and maybe this incident is one of them . 
  grey wolves attacked kurds in the area 24h before and got caught trying to do similar shit in germany multiple times . 
   i just tell you how they keep blowing themselves up accidentally in turkey ah yes , and turkish ultra nationalists keep `` getting lost '' in kurdish offices & homes like russians tourists keep `` getting lost '' in ukraine . 
  i can see it from there . 
  except it looks like more like it 's turks that set a bomb at a kurdish office . 
  not the other way around . 
  ( erdogan is trying to start a war at all costs to get popularity , a bit like the russians did . 
  and currently he 's harassing kurds in turkey hoping they take the bet . 
  looking how he got hundred of hdp office ~ ~ destroyed ~ ~ damaged in turkey recently , terrorism in europe against them is totally within his playbook . ), 
  nice victim blamming you got there . 
  it looks like it 's the turks that did a bombing here , not the pkk or whatever . 
  10 bucks on grey wolves ( turkish pseudo-nazis on akp payroll ) . 
  it 's time erdogan calls off his patsies , because if he starts terrorism in europe it 's not going to go well -_- ( oh and i hope they find the culprits and hang them dry . 
  figuratively ofc . ), 
  pretty sure france gave a bit more . 
  but props to the uk , definitely, 
   unless they destroy the empty boats before they leave the harbors in libya i agree that it 's needed . 
  we should tackle smuggling networks before the even leave the coast . 
  no what i meant is why they try to come in the eu rather than other areas closer like japan or urban china , or even saudi arabia that 's a lot richer . 
  i 'm not getting a xenophobic moment , i 'm genuinely curious as what makes us such a choice destination for a tiny country the other end of the world . 
  it 's not even a new phenomena . 
   not pakis flushing their ids and pretending to be a syrian . 
  here 's something i do n't understand : what 's with all the pakis coming to the eu ? 
  especially looking at how our culture could hardly be more different . 
  no but 1 \u00b0 ) half of them are n't citizens 2 \u00b0 ) the other half we can jail for a long time to teach them not to do that again . 
  no , it is not . 
  i can not make a religion that declare that we should beat all the red haired people . 
  they ca n't make either a religion deciding to beat women . 
  there is no right in europe to incitation of violence , social instability and support for ( isis ) terrorism . 
  generally hate speech lends you a fine ( how much frequently depending on how rich the judge thinks you are and how bad it was ) ; violence ( assault etc ) means jail . 
  if you pushed one person which ends up in a really bad case ( e.g : guy who injures or murders his wife ) that could land you in jail too . 
  tho i suspect we might see increased sentances for hate preachers who reach a large publics a-la-anjem-choudari ( and i do suspect not much of value will be lost with them arrested or expulsed ) . 
   although i 'm not black currently it 's not the skin color that define you right now but rather where you come from , your culture . 
  people might be more racist against a romanian `` stealingz our jerbs '' than a black french . 
  immigrants will probably have it the worst , tho learning french language & culture , suppressing your accent & wearing a suit probably helps a lot not to be identified as an immigrant/banlieusard ( kindah like a gettho inhabitant but it 's a less loaded word ) . 
  nah sorry it 's just as a french i got a lot of similar comments from americans about how `` france/europe do n't have true free speech unlike america '' :p, 
   it 's a slippery slope . 
  no , wwii was falling from it entirely . 
  people wants to avoid another wwii and so quarantined open social hate because now we know what happens when it grows unchecked ( millions dies . ) . 
  it 's a different culture i get it , but stop treating us like we were retarded or misguided childs to educate would you ? 
  also holocaust denial is n't denying world war 2 . 
  it 's stupid but not that stupid . 
  generally it 's the same crowd that deny the holocaust , minimize what happened like it was a mere temporal disagreement & who would loudly whistle on the tune of `` hitler should have done it faster '' if it was n't illegal . 
  anyway it reminds me that the confederate flag was recently outlawed in the usa for similar reasons , and it 's not half as bad as the nazi one . 
  you might want to check why some people were arrested . 
  anyway , if you arrest people for being brown and do n't welcoming the us when they invade you , maybe you do n't want to lecture us on a thought police for fining people who do denial of a war that killed 15-20 % of the european population ( like 4 % of the world 's ) and support the major nazi part in it . 
   if they already have that form of thought police right , the nation that runs gitmo gives us a lesson on `` thought police '' . 
  \\* groans \\* ( but to answer anyway , yes i believe they should be arrested , and jailed or deported to be jailed elsewhere . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kt6yg/two_topless_feminists_storm_muslim_conference/cv0l1sl?context=3 ),
