  of course 4y is short , but that 's still better than nothing and might make the next ones think twice still . 
   no , we will gladly shoot terrorists and imperialists looking to destroy our country . 
  that 's an old police state habit , when you want to kill somebody or even an entire ethnicity , you yell `` terrorism ''  good , we eliminate terrorists and imperialists at the same time it seems . 
  oh look an isis supporter . 
  how original . 
   how is what i said a lie ? 
  it is . 
   it 's a fact that the pkk and ypg are 2 sides of the same coin . 
  `` erdogan , baghdadi , two sides of the same coin ''  we will kill any ypg soldier at our border , it 's this simple , we do n't want more terrorist attacks if you do n't want to be attacked you should n't bomb routinely neighbors that does n't touch you gniiiii . 
  \\* cringe \\*  do you even know what your link says ? 
  yeah you just labelize everyone you do n't like `` pkk '' or `` ypg '' or `` terrorist '' or `` gullenist '' as an attempt to legitimize isis . 
   why do people always assume that just because a turk does not agree with him he must be a erdogan supporter ? 
  because you defend his bombing campaign of western forces in northern syria by repeating his dumb propaganda that sdf = ypg = pkk  there is no proof of coalition presence on the ground in the arfin coalition operates in all of rojava ( sdf territory ) , they do n't stop at a canton border . 
  the us themselves have little presence in afrin , but it 's not everyone 's case . 
   i dont think there is any coalition presence in that part of syria at all . 
  apart official cjtf-oir nato communiques you mean ? 
  quick example : https://twitter.com/cjtfoir/status/811861378797596672  i dont see any proof of french actually being shot at too . 
   even if turkey has said numerous times what its intentions regarding the ypg and manbij are and trump lied repeatedly that sweden is a warzone and said that he wants to purge muslims out of the us . 
  that does not make any of that insanity ok .  if french troops are injured during shelling of ypg/sdf positions in that area you cant really claim that you were not warned if you get sanctions and all of erdogan 's bank accounts get seized & reallocated , do n't complain you were n't warned . 
  since you flately ignored my other posts answering similar questions :  what are you talking about ? 
  who are your troops ? 
  western coalition troops ( which include french and red soldiers ) works with the sdf ( syrian democratic forces ) in northern syria , which is regularly bombed by turkish forces posing as rebels . 
  examples like this one appears in my infos on a daily basis : https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/5vrbuk/es_are_shelling_tel_rifaat/  i 'll gladly shoot the ypg while yelling pkk then go fuck off and do n't wonder why we 're going to ramp up pressions on you assholes  because they are interconnected you know `` lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie '' do n't work in international diplomacy because the other countries are n't all complete naive idiots and do n't like receive turkish bombs on their men because turkey decided to help isis commit it 's little ethnic cleansing against kurds in syria too . 
   the most extreme thing that the grey wolves have done in the last years is drink \u00e7ay without sugar how about attempting to bomb kurdish offices in sweden , france and germany . 
   stop getting your information about turkish politics from wikipedia . 
  stop getting yours from dailysabah . 
   stop being so vague . 
  are you talking about sex education ? 
  removing sex education from school is not removing biology no , i 'm talking how schools in some akp majority areas start being madrasas islamic schools instead . 
   that isis is not that bad  does n't happen . 
  how about shit like that coming from your own prime minister ? 
  french troops are mixed in with sdf , which is regularly attacked by the tsk . 
  stuff like https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/5vrbuk/es_are_shelling_tel_rifaat/ pops up on my feed on a daily basis, 
  whut ? 
  i 'm a frenchborn immigrant american i guess ( ? ), 
  which frequently lives in the us and i refered to stuff like this https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/5vrbuk/es_are_shelling_tel_rifaat/, 
   stop trying to police my country i 'll do that when you stop shooting at our troops in syria while yelling `` pkk '' and yelling on a routine basis that you 'll invade and destroy our positions in manbij and blah blah blah plus all the shitty democracy-bypass attempts in germany , the greywolves commiting bombing attempts , the assassinations in france , etc etc  i have way more in common with those `` ultra-conservatives '' in the countryside than with any arab or european . 
  well if you love removing biology from school and teaching that women are second class citizens and that isis is not that bad we 're gon na keep having a problem with it in europe i guess, 
  wow nice catch , that looks like proper justice for once , 
   i doubt people will mourn shitty concrete blocks yeah , as long as everyone is housed , nobody will care tbh . 
  several corners in western countries do the same with new housing lately . 
  i guess that depends where you go in the country and what direction it 's headed . 
  while the population is a bit liberal in the cities , the akp government is rapidly leaning toward islamism ; and the countryside is severely conservative in a lot of corners ( like kony repeatedly mentionned as `` little ksa '' ... ) . 
  ( and ultra conservatism is not a good thing in my humble opinion , it 's retrograde . ), 
   the whole `` union of sovereign nationalist states '' thing just does n't work out . 
  the whole idea is kindah funny tho because they 'd become the very thing they pretend on hating . 
  but then double think is a thing, 
  ouch, 
  it 's funny to see all those `` nationalists '' that end up working for a hostile foreign power, 
   if he had the power to pass laws on his own . 
  ^ ( we 're safe . 
  for now ), 
   it was a schr\u00f6dinger 's terrorist attack ^ ( so where did the cat stand in all that ? 
  can we interview him ? ), 
  ... more gratuitous racism . 
  talking about brexit and bets , i kindah forgot , do i still owe you a couple months of reddit gold or did i paid that out already ? 
  itt in comments the same old inane and nonsensical foreign propaganda about `` no go zones '', 
   if only one of the left-wing candidate accepted to let the other run for a unified left , or if the right-wing accepted to pick a candidate who has n't been stealing taxpayer money for decades , mlp would n't stand a chance whatsoever . 
  but elections are weird this year . 
  ^ he 's right, 
  fascist gon na fascist , what a surprize ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
   they are bombing them because they say sdf stole it from them that 's complete fantasy, 
   why would turkey want to bomb her allies ? 
  everytime they loose a battle to daesh , they bomb sdf ( american positions included ) . 
  my best guess is that 's how ankara pass their nerves . 
  and the tfsa lost a dozen times while trying to take al bab , qabasin , bzaah , etc, 
   do you have any sources which say there are american presence in the parts of amirah where turks bomb ? 
  well i 'm not providing that one because then i 'm pretty sure it 'd end up in the hands of turkish intelligence one way or another ( it 's a public forum ) that 'd use it to bomb everywhere else thank you but no . 
  first thing first your link is broken and i assume supposed to point to syriancivilwarmap.com in a general manner secundo , here is an actual map of the area : https://imgur.com/a/gmp91 when you bomb an area with american soldiers 15 km behind the frontline , this is a targetted murder attempt , nothing else . 
  and this is n't an accident when you do it for the third time . 
   here.turkish shelling of arima ( a town near the border between es and sdf ) . 
  arimah is not `` near the border '' , it 's under sdf control and there were americans in there . 
  do n't make me look for maps on scw, 
  that look like an isis ( jihadi ) recruitement flyer . 
  i 'm not joking . 
  i 'm sorry but i 'll just call bs on your entire post . 
   when and how?turks did n't try to bomb us troops . 
  during the capture of menag for example , or recent random shelling on manbij comes to mind  no one got kidnapped or disappered.a lot of hdp pm are in jail that is why you do n't hear any news from them and they are not dead . 
  generally a prison sentance is something that happens when you have a crime , somebody guilty , evidence , a trial , and the family knows what happens to them and can even visit under condition . 
  none of those criterias are met . 
  the last we heard about most hdp mp 's and officials is messages on twitter accounts such as demirtas ' `` the police is at my door to take me away '' then nobody saw them alive since, 
   there is no such thing without even trying , cyprus is the most well known case . 
   no , not even logical . 
  nobody would dare to bomb us troops because they are usa yet turkey did bomb menag and other places . 
   some of them are being tried because they supported terrorists . 
  when a gov wants to kill an opponent like demirtas they just yell `` terrorism '' , the usual . 
   turkey 's just being turkey that 's one hell of an excuse to justify attempting to annexate greek islands , or attempting to bomb us troops in syria because they dared support ypg and erdogan do n't like ypg . 
  that 's not even going in the stalin-grade purges ongoing , the kidnapping and disappearance of journalists or most known hdp membres who have n't been heard anymore since a year ( and can probably be assumed all dead at that point ) ; etc, 
  and this is the reason why greece keep buying so many weapons , with turkey acting basically like russia ii . 
  it 's not just germany and lithuania , they do the same even in / r/france ( then one the mods started sending me threats then banned me when i pointed it out ), 
  i did n't knew you could get asthma simply from watching a picture, 
  tbh we can at least agree there have been outright crimes against humanity during colonial times . 
  i 'm talking about massacres and camps and apparatheid and slavery ; and that all of this was bad . 
  there is something ironic to be called corrupt by a koch funded `` think tank '' ( private corruption agency & bribery `` lobbying '' bureau ), 
  physics or even basic geography , how do that even work . 
  ah damn i thought we were talking about marine lepen for a second . 
   that we can agree on , no pensions until people work . 
  the very example of your dishonesty . 
  you try pretending that people can collect pensions without having worked for most of their life ; which has never been the case . 
   and this explains their buildup of over 300 billion euros of debt how ?
