  using invasion of nuclear states for political points probably is n't the smartest thing right now because one of them might try to top all the other politicians by being retarded enough to actually try . 
  edit : and i 'm saying this because as the `` recent '' news illustrated , the english reaction to the last time they heard that was to secretly send armed submarines patroling the area : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-36852365 now , imagine if it had collided in an spanish destroyer instead . 
   i know i may get many downvotes from angry brits , but let 's be honest , after brexit , gibraltar will not belong to the uk . 
  short of declaring them war like argentina did for the falklands , they have zero plan of giving it up . 
  ... dear spain ; can you not declare war on the uk ? 
  please ? 
  i 'd rather we avoid total war on the continent again for shitty plans like that . 
  well it looks like the wolves are already jumping each other . 
  oo sorry for the terrible pun , and i wish him speedy recovery albeit that look like serious  `` the only consequence at the moment is a bit of numbness on the left hand side of my face . '' : / ( that means he 's got brain/neuro damage ; not necessarily life threathening but paralysis , memory loss and yadda ), 
  tbh france and britain have been going just past each other plenty of times the last few years haha . 
  i 'm not sure who is 5th or 6th since we 're near ex\u00e6quo currently . 
  main difference is while you have more cash flow you depend maybe a bit too much on finance ( not enough economic diversification the americans would say ) , and of course the brexit course ... 
  well yeah some of the brexiters are extremely racist and loves to single out foreigners for the money they brexiters stole . 
  they 'd force them to wear markings on their clothing if they could . 
  nothing new under the sun . 
  good , 
  the whole point is that without the sale , nokia would n't have closed it 's phone division but sold early android kitkat ... 
   apple is credited with making the smart phone a must have which is completely false since android and htc predate them and pda-phone are 20y old ... 
  unless you mean they are good at getting customers all brainwashed into believing they `` invented a revolution '' by rebranding a concurrent product  before the iphone it was all blackberry apart from everyone that did n't used a blackberry  , but credit where credit is due . 
  well the problem is that no it 's not . 
   it was actually a great deal for nokia shareholders - at that point . 
  no it was n't , they 'd have made several times more money just by holding over the next 10y and doing nothing . 
   nokia blew it earlier , by becoming fossilized in its own superiority complex and by having too much middle management with the power to veto any interesting projects in which case you fire the ceo , you do n't fill for company closure . 
  well at least if you want to make money and keep the economy running . 
   once apple started the smart phone revolution nokia was done uh lol ; more blind apple fanboys who think apple control the market when it 's 20 % market share in reality, 
  unlikely . 
  even a `` hard border '' would likely be a simple fence with a custom officers checkpoint ( to collect tariffs more than anything else ) and passport asking . 
  i doubt southern ireland will refuse visa to northern ireland/britain if it comes to that , altho their could be delays and the inevitable endless annoyments that tend to crop up wherever administrations appear . 
  but soldiers and concrete walls and ira bombings is something nobody hopes will reappear . 
  think more like canada/america border . 
  we 're gon na have to watch out for bootleggers tunnels tho < . <, 
  attack tssk tssk . 
  is n't the free market all about economic competition ? 
  :d albeit a trade agreement could turn that into direct cooperation nice cover btw haha, 
   why was it stupid for them ? 
  well nokia shareholders kindah killed their own golden goose for a few immediate bucks ( since ms dismantled the company ), 
  if we can become a data heaven ( a bit like the tax heaven but without the shitty fraud & theft for the common man aspects ) with strong privacy rules i 'm not going to complain :-p, 
  i 'm not a body guard to the kardashians . 
  but generally when you agreed to such a paid job that 's a bit the risk . 
  but without going that far they could have easily led them away from their client ... especially if the gunmen seek money . 
  or not . 
  since the troika tried to push retirement at you know 70 . 
  edit : it 's 67 apparently now http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/retirement-age-men, 
  ouch that look bad : - / where were her guards tho ? 
  edit  who forced the building 's overnight security guard to show them where kardashian west was staying . 
  and why those morrons would help attackers against their employer ?? 
   with most of that money just completely dissapearing in fake loans . 
  for example there is a case of a bank which loaned out over 3-4 billion euros to government officials and all that money is now gone well if more of that stolen money could be found again that 'd be great i 'm sure . 
  ouch , condoleances, 
  political examens ? 
  : / damn . 
  this is extremely damaging for the economy tho ; because people with the best competencies and skills frequently end up pushed out because they are `` politically incompetent '' . 
  maybe we should explain all the `` texas shall rise again ! '', 
  type us rednecks that if they earned their independancy they 'd be annexed by mexico within the day :d, 
  well allocin\u00e9 has different tastes but they have a list of french movies for all ages and all genres there if you want to watch one or two per day . 
  quick way to get some common words in your subconscious !, 
  www.allocine.fr/film/meilleurs/pays-5001/?page=1 and if you just want some popcorn braindead hollywood-like movies start with the luc besson filmography :d https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luc_besson_filmography half his ~ ~ later ~ ~ movies probably qualify, 
   one in chemistry for making diamonds from tequila `` are you drinking again ? '', 
  `` no , we are pushing the boundaries of science ! '', 
  checks out :d, 
  part of the economy sure was haha, 
   nor do such companies have to report suspicious activity to switzerland 's money laundering reporting office :\\  the powers that be do n't want to crack down . '' yeah ireland did n't wanted to collect taxes either, 
   no no no , sell db to greece . 
  on credit . 
  you want to create an artificial blackhole ? 
  'cause that 's how you create an artificial blackhole :-p, 
  if they top us by doing even better , it 's not a loss it 's a win for everyone . 
  yeah that 'd make more sense , +1, 
  i 'm not sure about this , because generally fully drafted soldiers in peace time kind of have to be dragged around and do n't want to be there so that make them bad soldiers . 
  plus it costs a ton of money to train & equip people that could n't give a fuck if they lose their rifle the day it 's issued to them because most of them want out and do n't see any reason to be there . 
  see also iraqi army 2y ago . 
  maybe it 's cheaper to just rise pay and perks for volunteers . 
  especially if you need only 4000 more recruits . 
  not only . 
  there were smarter people than this horrible excuse of a nationalist that supported it because brain drain was a serious problem in the east . 
  but , most smart people will find ways out anyway when they really want so this does n't seem to be working that much . 
  damn and i thought i should upgrade my hardware xd, 
  because you think that continental china and taiwan china will magically move all their market to london after it just proudly claimed to have screwd over europe to the entire world ? 
   but since it is already decided , best thing is to make a clean cut . 
  `` nobody wants a burn on a finger , but since it already happened , best cut the entire arm '' errrrh . 
   i mean , the uk is not leaving another option anyway : yes they do have a `` soft brexit '' option . 
  but that 's going to take a year or two to negociate realistically by fast tracking to hell everything , and that mean they ca n't single out racistly polish or other eu citizens and that 's what 's really frustrating some of their bosses . 
  that and the fact that i 's been exposed that they 've been slacking and eu funding was de facto running their country . 
  so they want to both keep the free money and `` have sovereignty to be racist '' . 
  both having the cake and eating it . 
   london is n't trying to run finance in europe . 
  it is trying to run global finance . 
  by leaving the biggest market on earth and defacto 1/4 of the world 's gdp ? 
   the rest of the globe is bigger than europe . 
  sure . 
  3 times . 
  does n't mean they 'll move in with london tho . 
   if britain must choose between europe and the open sea it will choose the open sea we never imposed such a choice . 
  it 's not the eu that are trying to force a hard brexit ...  because the eu is not going to want to cut itself off from global capitalism . 
  you realize we 've been trying to give the uk passeporting repeatedly that brexiters refuse ? 
  because the lifestyle can be very high in france if you have lots of money . 
  especially in paris or the southern coast ( cannes , le midi , monaco ) . 
  i guess some rich people enjoy it ... ( and that 's a win win for everyone , taxes pay for a decent living for everyone else too ), 
  you do realize the only reason he says this is because it 'll immensely profit german banking & industry by making it impossible to run finance in europe from london ? 
  ... completely at your expense , greek situation style ?
