  no issue they can go back in iraq any day they want . 
  ( why do people always love to find new and creative ways to `` punish '' the next man with a large dose of gratuity ? ), 
   well , say for murder you get 20 years . 
  you go in jail and murder there someone . 
  what 's next level ? 
  40 years , a lot of permissions ( owning goods in their cells , week ends , visits , etc ) revocated , movement to a superior security level ( e.g : low or mid sec to supmax ) . 
   for me - 20 years solitary confinement . 
  it is prison inside the prison . 
  good thing people like you do n't design our justice system , otherwise third level would be stoning i guess ? 
  i think there 's still a slight difference of social issues between the grandma going to church every week end and the scientology asking you for a million $ to reach such ranks or make you sign away your kids & house and `` 100 ' 000 year work unpaid contract '' , use large amount of violence to make fall in line `` disobedient members '' , has been known to harass and assault former members or people who try leaving them , and generally act with about the respect of the law you can expect from a group known to burglarise fbi offices to plant fake files on their opponents in it . 
   you forget that by keeping them not in solitary confinement , we create more terrorist . 
  unless you make a radicalization wing where they do happen to meet other people but do n't risk radicalizing the average impressionable prisonner ? 
  and maybe the fact that prisonners have to join prison gangs to survive underline also multiple bigger problems in our prison system ? 
   as for keeping them in rehabilitation , as this article shows , this might actually be the worst option - and hidden at that , since both the detainees and the mentos could be active islamists . 
  we ca n't toss out our legal system by the window for fear of a dozen terrorists a year . 
  if you do that , al qaeda just won . 
   capital punishment  i do support that one , but only for prisonners who meet the all those criterias : - recidivist or claim & legitimate intention to do so as soon as they would physically be able to ( e.g : al quaeda terrorists who proudly announce with a smile they will do another number as soon as they get out & get caught aquiring a weapon to do so ) - that we will never be able to reinsert in society as a productive citizen ( lots of ex murderers were later reintegrated in society . ), 
  - crimes with extreme physical violence resulting in extreme casualties and/or pain , damages ( and i do n't mean just hate speech . 
  i mean serial killers or rapists , torturers or people who did the bataclan or madrid bombing and similar ) . 
  ( so , that would de facto exclude 90 % of prisonners executed in most countries ) but unless they do something ridiculously retarded like attacking an armed police/vigipirate patrol & getting shot in return ( which did happen in recent events ) , de facto death penalty wo n't happen in the eu because of regulations, 
   i meant permanent solitary confinement that could possibly prevent this kind of proselytization , which you said yourself is illegal . 
  permanent solitary would only drive them insane over time and then once they get out it would be like dropping rabid pitbulls in a crowded market . 
  or of course you have then the option b of never released again the people your tormented into insanity for fear that they do turn to active terrorism when they get out ( gitmo ) . 
  so , i 'll stick with the idea that prison should also largely focus on rehabilitation on large scale too . 
  and that start by not walling people alive alone ( and fully conscient ) for 40 years and forgetting about them . 
   as it as a cancerous attack on the our society . 
  it very much is . 
  but we should be carefull not to use strategy that make the problem even worse with the side effects . 
  i will admit , we have a problem . 
  but imho perma solitary is not a solution to it . 
   so because of our glorious human rights , we can not keep terrorists in confinement . 
  ... whatya talking about ? 
  you sure can , just put other humans along sometime . 
  there 's a reason prisonners have visitation rights . 
  ever thought of that ? 
   hence they create more terrorists , some of which kill people , other which we put in jail , where we can not keep them in confinement murder and terrorism are as old as human history . 
  should we all end up in a camp `` just because we might , one day , do something illegal '' ? 
  i 'm sure the cops would love to also have a cctv camera in everyone 's home in every room . 
  it 'd bring * security * . 
  do n't mean we should agree with it . 
  `` but frost because we ca n't watch terrorists constantly we ca n't arrest them in time and therefore you create terrorism by refusing to do what it takes to stop them ''  no , fuck you . 
  well you do recognize you have an issue because of that lack of contact so ... i dunno , sub into an mmo to meet other people in game at least ? 
  that does n't replace interacting with other humans tho . 
  hence the idea to put other radicals with them , at least it 'd less risk to radicalize non fundamentalist normal prisonners, 
   time to equip the riot police with rubber bullets and change the roe . 
  throwing paving stones at people should be treated as attempted murder and the police should be allowed to use non-lethal projectiles against the perpetrators . 
  i 'm not sure legally about the attempted murder in the heat because some would claim defense too , but i ( fully , 100 % ) agree it would be justification enough largely for the police to use defense stuff like rubber bullets , water cannon or tear gas , tasers , etc, 
   they have no job but hate nazis and love riots . 
  yeah , the origin of the anarchist movement in a nutshell haha  not even neccessarily politically motivated but pure dumbness and boredom . 
  that 's not quite true . 
  there 's a lot of people that just are n't sure how to proceed to contest the current system that sometime screw them over big time  those rioters would most likely get crushed by nazis . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  i guess a lot of left winger that could poke out the nazis merely learned enough self control not to throw stones at them ( either way injuring 70 cops like this was n't okay ), 
   i hope that people will recognize the gravity of this disaster despite the usual anti-russian sentiment in this subreddit . 
  i would assume most people at least here can see the difference between governmental geopolitical actions , and a tragedy like this one affecting the average citizen, 
  canada that went back on all that , removed harper and is going back the other way ? 
  i think you might have missed a few recent pages, 
   tell me , do you believe in that little thing called human rights ? 
   tbh , not really you are right , you 're not part of europe as i see it then . 
  occidental culture is build upon human rights , freedom and similar values . 
  if you ca n't handle it , then yes you can leave  _ , 
   that 's true . 
  but why make a bigger problem by adding to it . 
  because 1 % immigration take 1 % more housing . 
  50 % of the land in the country being used for financial speculation instead of housing because it brings in more money means ... you get it , 50 % less available land in the country . 
  but hey the poles ca n't afford lobbyists and ca n't pay the politicians like the city banksters can , so why not blame them for everything instead ? 
  / s  `` you had strained resources in the 80s so why should n't you have them now '' such a fucking race to the bottom which is exactly what you are doing when you constantly attempt to redirect funds away from eastern europe . 
  funds that you are in fact making because you are in the eu and largely taping our market 's economic potential . 
  so , if you gon na leech economically on the former comblock too ; you might as well help paying constructing stuff there . 
   there are some good ones but a large amount of those who come here are the ones who could n't make it at home oh so now there are the people that are worth something ( i ca n't wait till you call them `` superior citizens '' ) and then there is the second rate citizens that are worth less ? 
  tell me , do you believe in that little thing called human rights ? 
  because , here it says :  article 1 . 
  all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights . 
  they are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood . 
   article 2 . 
  everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this declaration , without distinction of any kind , such as race , colour , sex , language , religion , political or other opinion , national or social origin , property , birth or other status . 
  furthermore , no distinction shall be made on the basis of the political , jurisdictional or international status of the country or territory to which a person belongs , whether it be independent , trust , non-self-governing or under any other limitation of sovereignty . 
   `` we have housing shortages lets compound them with more housing shortages that makes sense '' ... 
  there 's housing shortages everywhere in occident because a few landlords are speculating like hedge funds on land value instead of using it to offer habitable land at normal price . 
   the nhs did n't exist in ww2 and it might as well have not existed under tatcher . 
  was that the poles ' fault too ? 
   completely different situation , no it 's not . 
  it 's a poverty-that-needs-funding-to-rebuild situation . 
   i 'm a skilled south african , i think we should welcome skilled immigrants not unskilled dregs of society we have enough of our own . 
  calling average eu citizens `` unskilled dregs of society '' is n't exactly the best way to make friends with others . 
   enjoy free movement with merkel 's new germans enjoy the collapse of the city and your hedge-fund based economy, 
   who said anything about autarky ? 
  you understand that if you close your borders and economy to everyone else they will do exactly the same , right ? 
  there 's going to be like 20 % less hard currency going in the uk overnight the second you leave the eu & it 's unified market economy to do open protectionism . 
   canada is doing absolutely fine uh , i think that they begun thinking the same than you around year 2k ? 
  well : http://www.forexnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/canada-gdp-growth-versus-us-gdp-growth.jpg  i would n't mind having to flash my passport to go to italy flash your passeport ? 
  no , if you refuse poles and austrians and italians `` because they are poor workers stealing our jobs '' ( you said '' * but we wo n't take more . 
  * '' so i guess you will turn them away at the border ) , the eu will simply close you the border & turn you away with the same reasons ( `` poor englishmen taking our pensions and welfare '' ) . 
  probably the rise of tank tourism in eastern europe with their recent eu accession attempt ahah, 
  i suspect you will likely find out the hard economic way that autarcy is not viable in a globalized world . 
  it 's not a threat , because it 's not going to be us sanctionning the uk or anything , but i think your markets and economy will crash from it , and you say that but i think it 'll become quite strange to you when every western countries will start asking visas too for you for anything `` because we do n't want to fund the englishmen lifestyle for no reason '' too . 
  you 're doing a mistake , but oh well , your loss . 
  statistically you do understand there are millions of british citizens that come in other eu countries too , and we got half a million brits getting welfare , retirement and healthcare worth hundreds of thousands a year in france and spain , that never contributed a buck to our tax system ? 
  say , if i apply your logic and kick them back to the uk or cut their shiny 1k/mo that fall from the sky , how would you react ? 
  because , at least people who work contribute to the system 's economic life .
