  they are n't in to do reforms or fix what they think is wrong in the country like the ump does ( even if i do suspect the ump is frequently flatly wrong ) , they 're in to cause a massacre to `` protect the native ~ ~ aryan ~ ~ frenchs '' and help their personna and political clan . 
   this is truely baffling , they dont `` disagree '' with the front national , they treat it as a `` b\u00eate immonde '' that must be beaten back , that 's what mainstream discourse is geared towards . 
  you see donald trump and what he recently said and think ? 
  stuff like : http://edition.cnn.com/2015/12/07/politics/donald-trump-muslim-ban-immigration/ http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/donald-trump-shocking-reality-deportation-plan or :  but baldasaro , a co-chair of trump 's state veterans coalition , said trump is `` 100 percent right '' and horn is wrong . 
   `` what he 's saying is no different than the situation during world war ii , when we put the japanese in camps , '' baldasaro , a marine veteran , said . 
  `` the people who attacked innocent people in paris came through open borders . 
  from a military mind standpoint , all donald trump is saying is to do what needs to be done until we get a handle on how to do background checks . '' well , the fn just do n't dare say the same out loud . 
  but it 's pretty much the same beneath the paint . 
   the one where most people in france consider immigration to be an issue and express anxiety at questions of ` national identity '' oh yeah and trump is just a poor innocent concerned citizen right to be worried about dem muslims . 
   that 's the nature of the consensus the fn does n't seek concensus . 
  they seek power . 
  and not the energy kind . 
   it also should require at least some proof of presence and work ( not just i showed up on day one ) . 
  there i agree tho haha . 
   who get thousands of euros in pocket money for superior education when they are `` attending '' a public university in which there is no tuition , only a entry fee of a couple hundred euros . 
  just because oligarchs in the us decided to sell it for 20 ' 000 $ a year does n't mean it 's really costing the state 20 ' 000 $ or even worth that much . 
  and even if it costed half of that , it 's an investment that will bring tenfold it 's amount in tax money in the caused growth . 
  free or quasi free . 
  school . 
  for . 
  a. successfull . 
  society . 
   there are a lot of ways to live well from benefits provided you 're in the appropriate situation and know your rights . 
  because maybe people should be allowed to live well without slaving at somebody 's constantly 80h/week ? 
  damnit people . 
  is it stockholm syndrome or something ? 
   i have , and it does overwhelmingly support progressive , leftist views disagreeing with the front national is not being `` progressive , leftist '' . 
  but true , i forgot , anything that is n't donald `` the nazi where right with the camps '' trump is leftist for some people . 
   i dunno what to tell you comrade . 
  litterally staline !, 
   are you by any chance a flat earther ? 
  do you happen to have an history of repeated chocs on the head ? 
  boxing , falling , biking . . ? 
   how are job creators a myth ? 
  oh sweet another libertarian . 
  the words `` job creator '' are used everytime millionaire or billionaire corporate executive wants to pocket more tax money as `` subsidies '' and putting themselves above tax and laws like nobility during the medieval dark age royalty . 
  here 's a bit of reading for you : http://www.businessinsider.com/rich-people-create-jobs-2013-11?ir=t but , basically the `` job creator '' ideology is the one that gave the great depression it 's strength . 
  rich people do n't try to `` create job '' . 
  they try to maximise their bank account . 
  nothing else . 
  workers are disposable tools to them , not stuff they create . 
   struggling to create more jobs is attract more potential employers and they are the ones who create actual jobs . 
  ah yes prostituting your society for a buck do attract pimps , it 's true . 
   but the house is still equally expensive to build and maintain building a flat building costs almost nothing . 
  nearly the entire rent price is profits for the owning oligarchs most of the time . 
  it 's just fattening people already millionaires billionaires . 
  long term , we will want to cut out the middle man that 's just trying to line up his own pocket . 
   but completely state-owned healthcare is often even more expensive for an average paycheck because of the taxes , the doctors are often underpaid and the waiting lists can be huge . 
  as the tableau i linked showed it , you are simply making up stuff . 
  most healthcare prices are free in france , and you wo n't pay more taxes than your income . 
  you 're not going to end up with a 200 000 $ bill if you break your arm in europe . 
  in the us , better prepare to hide your laptop and fill in for bankruptcy . 
   you can still find affordable healthcare in the us uh , if you are getting anything serious , no you are simlpy fucked . 
   but the problem is in the insurance that is bound to pay which costs 5x your tax money and most people ca n't pay either and who will try to scam you out of the refund systematically anyway because once again those private insurances only exists to line up their pockets and not provide healthcare , once again . 
  hence the `` no coverage '' bit that annoyed so much some people in the administration . 
   that is bound to pay for any medical service the patients want , whether they need it or not again , i do n't know i what fantasy land you lived but you obviously never needed healthcare in the us . 
  i hear people i knew used to prefer facing the va department ( yes the one that fucked over so many people ) than their own insurance provider , when they have one , which , i think , says quite a lot . 
   , there are no waiting lists in the us at all well of course since nobody can afford it either . 
  which is why you get stories like this one where a woman nearly lost an eye because she could n't show private insurance subscription : http://www.inquisitr.com/2484196/woman-glues-eye-shut-katherine-gaydos-was-refused-health-care-by-florida-doctor/  what really drives prices down is competition competition ? 
  the healthcare system is a `` pay up now or die '' monopoly . 
   and strong competition thrives only in a free market . 
  and where litterally millions of people fill in bankruptcy every year because medical bills made them homeless : http://www.cnbc.com/id/100840148  if a company does n't care about it 's profits it begins to lose money and eventually someone has to pay for it it 's what tax money was for originally . 
  not to be stolen by healthcare scammers . 
   yes , but at a cost from taxes . 
  a small % age of their income , as opposed to bankruptcy and homelessness . 
  yeah clearly 50 $ of social security related taxes are indeed a lot worse when you remove the tens of thousands of $ / $ middle mens `` shareholders '' steal on top of it / s  it 's more expensive to build everyone a home they want than provide some sort of a basic healthcare that can serve a lot of people from a single institution . 
  well , as the old french social building program proved it 40 years ago , that 's another falsehood . 
  the problem is inflation and prices rose faster ( like 4 +4 % a year ) than wages and income so now it 's an issue again . 
   these socialist systems were already tried and failed miserably oh yeah france the miserable failed country / s  as i said , they were more costly for the worse end product , as there was virtually no incentive to go for a good end product and customer satisfaction apart that doctors here try to do a medical job and not just loot your wallet then push you in the streets at night when you run out of cash : http://www.sacbee.com/news/investigations/nevada-patient-busing/article2577189.html  those who can still turn a profit with that kind of taxation is still in business , no , you get it wrong : we talk providing healthcare , you talk lining up your pockets  those who ca n't are n't , although you are probably talking about a particular kind of tax , i do n't believe it 's that simple anywhere . 
  looks like our system failed so much that last i heard it was the us citizens that came to get fixed in europe because the presidential suit in the average hotel for a week and paying full real price treatment in europe ( us citizens pay because they do n't contribute taxes here ) still costed less than getting any treatment in the usa : http://www.forbes.com/sites/luizaoleszczuk/2013/10/22/central-europe-becoming-a-big-destination-for-medical-tourism/ hell , us citizens even escape the usa to get treated in mexico or thailand , so lol so much for the glorious free market and what it brought healthcare in america . 
   if employers practically get free money and offer no service , why does n't anyone cut them out of the deal ? 
  which is what happened with healthcare in europe exactly and will likely happen with a lot of things , exactly . 
  isis being '' cia pet project '' . 
  and they want us to take it seriously . 
  no , the are basically the unholy union of salafism/wahabi jihadism and baathist nazi and traitor generals/traitor special forces growing on top of the old al quaeda cancer . 
  which is why we definitely need to off that death cult , but not by killing 10 million civilians alongside in seconds . 
  and nuking would only serves to prove them right , that '' westerners only want to kill all muslims in a genocide '' . 
  it 's only is propaganda right now . 
  and is is treating local sunnis and muslims worse than any nato bombing would dream off . 
  but glassing them would set a precedent in genocide and would turn the entire middle east in a survival war against us all . 
  no , i 'm saying unions should ask for more money for the same wages for their workers . 
  those are real jobs . 
  but people get treated like shit for no valid reason . 
  we wo n't stop needing cleaners and trash workers . 
  they deserve a fair pay too . 
  well , compare the state of the french economy with spain or greece . 
  can they ? 
  without going as far obviously , we could imho easily erradicate homelessness and maintain free education and healthcare or even basic housing like the hlm ( social housing ) , keep utility prices low ( price freezes ) , reinvest & keep pushing in fundamental badly needed research ( fusion power or next gen space tech anyone or even new antibiotics ? 
  ) , rise minimal wage , etc. 
   how many people displaced ? 
  i saw numbers around 3-4 millions floating in reality , most of them internally displaced ( they go elsewhere in ukraine ) . 
  officially around 1.5 m. 
  big towns like kharkhiv , dnipropetrovsk or kiev receive a lot of refugees . 
  a lot also go to family or friends the other side of the country ( or even sometime to russia , admittedly . 
  at least 400k went there , if only to relatives in rostov & or elsewhere . ), 
   well its 2015 , and its not just america that has changed so why even bring that up ? 
  because it has changed for the worst because of that tax money that went missing since . 
  it 's the bad mistake we should strive to avoid . 
  learning from history and all ? 
   you also happen to have high unemployment yeah , somewhere around 15 % in reality .
