  possibly a lot is due to emmigration . 
  but nice still . 
  a lot of people must have had jobs to reach those numbers . 
  oh look another mentally retarded buffoon islamist from the dark ages that want to cut apart other people . 
  can he just go fuck himself elsewhere ? 
  \\ - on a calmer note , this kind of mentality is definitely holding back countries . 
  mutilations are only causing problem . 
  do n't mutilate yourself people . 
  but really that kind of people that use their position to push their religious fundamentalist agenda in somewhat modern countries makes my blood boil . 
  i hope they 'll officially identify , incriminate and charge the top dogs that ordered that racist hollywoodian movie to be filmed and passed of as `` news '' . 
  so that skynews ca n't just recruit another set of film makers and do it again in another couple days, 
   the social democrat leader , who has publicly condemned his father as a `` die-hard nazi '' cant ' t have been easy  turned to face the protesters with a smile , before making the gesture . 
  haha :d while politicians will rue at the forms breaking down , at least he 's pretty clear about it  his party has confirmed the authenticity of the video posted on facebook by a youth group linked to the neo-nazi npd . 
  `` protestors '' that joigned a neo nazi party , ha, 
  i would suspect that we can in fact fight daesh in sirte & turn back boats without causing a `` major setback '' . 
  if anything , leaving them to the mercy of islamists would be a setback . 
  maybe not . 
  maybe i was mostly sarcastic . 
   ( imagine how likely the average french will be willing to lay down his life to defend bulgaria ) . 
  i have seen stranger things happening, 
   you 're literally just cannon fodder for politicians . 
  that point of view can be applied to every soldier in every war ever  but if people are signing up for soldier they know they risk facing war . 
  we have to do everything we can to keep them alive in one piece ( and i guess that 's how i sleep at night ) , but risk zero do n't exist in a military , that 's a fact of life . 
   nobody recognizes is as a country . 
  ca n't declare war on a country that does n't exist . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_2249 that 's not a bypass of the law , it 's something major unsc countries agreed upon, 
  if by conscripted you mean force drafted , it 's unlikely to happen i agree . 
  unless it turns to a brutal wwiii survival war , i suspect the eu military is largely going to come from a professionnal volunteer corps de facto . 
  france & germany do not really use draft for their army ( i mean yeah there is a military service in germany , and on paper it 's still exist in france , but it 's not what is actually going to meet a real invasion force ) , but largely people that signed up for it themselves ( in exchange of pay and perks ) as a carreer . 
  the french army is a career volunteer force . 
  similarly it would n't shock me that we offer an optional volunteer internal recruitment path in armed forces of eu countries toward the eu army , with significant paycheck that could potentially attract a lot of people in eastern europe for example ( a bit like the french foreign legion , i mean yes it 's in harsh conditions but people there are people who tried hard to get in ) . 
  de facto in sirte it 's daeshlandia , on which we are at war . 
  and we 're doing them a service by removing daesh ( without too much collateral damage ) and handing it back to libya . 
   but you cant invade libyan waters actually regarding daesh & sirte i believe we can due to us being at war with them ( isis ) and the country they are in incapable to deal with the issue ( or any issue right now tbh . 
  the country 's weaker than iraq post invasion , after the tobruk/benghazi/tripoli fight ) . 
   and just in case patrol near sirte and them disembark passengers in another city under control of government you have no permission from . 
  and we do n't give them permission to go to the eu either in that case soo ...  you can as well disembark them in egypt . 
  yeah but defacto egypt is n't a failed country , and they 're not coming from egypt soo ... 
  if boats where massively passing by egypt and the egyptian gov was failed and had done nothing about it for a year i 'd have suggested landing them back in egypt . 
  \\* shrug \\*, 
  australia is a terrible case in refugee rights ; but that 's beside the point . 
  landing them back in libya elsewhere would be acceptable in that case . 
  if they 're only fleeing daesh/similar/the warfront they 're safe in the next non islamist-controled town . 
  i 'm sure we can have a ship reasonably make a trip to a close town ; and if nothing else if our special forces think the area is unsafe they can probably point the nearest safe or a close safer town on the coast ( derna if east ? 
  have n't followed enough the latest libyan news sorry ) . 
   you will need permission from libyan government to do it systematically yes ; but to turn back drowning boats from sirte proper to the nearest town i believe clauses in international/naval laws and agreements that ask for ships to assist nearby sinking ones have a right ( well suggest ) to land them in the closest/first safe port to the same country they fly flag of . 
  the islamists got mostly kicked out of most of the country and there is only 2 govs left , so most of the libyan coast is generally admittable as roughly safe for civilians i suspect ( at least as much as any third party port in a third world country can be ) . 
   plus health care in hospital for injured . 
  yeah but i suspect medical supplies on are n't the hardest to find on an warship on the eu border . 
  libya 's not under embargo on anything else than weapons as far as i know . 
  my point is that in case of a war implicating the eu there 's quite a number of citizens that will likely enroll in the local army or a neighboring state to fight for the eu . 
  i 'm talking about potentially a few millions . 
   frontex has chance to do it this way for months ( save them and kick them out of ship somewhere else in libya ) . 
  yeah in that case that seem the more reasonable choice . 
  there 's a couple calm big towns on the coast like misrata or even derna depending on what gov you want to work with . 
  naval tradition for boat rescue is `` landing at first safe port '' i believe ? 
  the whole point is that we would put it in front of sirte and turn back any boats to sirte 's shore ( or land them in misrata at 200k west of it or bengazi east ) while our allies clean up the town on land . 
  i know there is a risk of collateral damage and we 'll have to take whatever precautions we can . 
  but there 's no `` perfect '' answer there . 
  as to how they separate tactically refugees from isis terrorists , i wo n't answer that question for safety reasons . 
  but there are a couple tricks . 
  as to that case ( which is a daesh warfront sector ) , i would suggest to either land them in another libyan city instead or vet every single one passing to the eu otherwise ( we have the means to do so on that case ) and/or a naval blockade . 
  you say that on / r/europe which has a higher pro eu population than anywhere else , ha . 
  you probably didn 'd paid much attention edit : even in brexit-landia , 15 % of the population identifies as `` european '' before `` english '' : http://whatukthinks.org/eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/analysis-paper-2-do-we-feel-european.pdf then even a ( very large ) number of people on the fence or english first thinks the country should have stayed and rather have kept eu citizenship too , so . 
  would n't put a warship in front of the town help then ? 
  daesh are valid military targets . 
  iirc italy had a decent navy too, 
  well you might be an euro sceptic , but a lot of people consider the eu their country , not just the local state or the local city they hail from . 
  what is redundant ? 
  i 'm not sure i understand what you say, 
  soldiers generally start as workers . 
  the army is a job in itself . 
   or in the eus ' case , i 'm not sure if any `` people '' want to fight for their `` boss . '', 
  during war times lots of people want to fight to defend their country . 
   you want to tell me that a norwegian guy and an italian guy have the same interests at heart ? 
  you take an office with 20 people , you think they all have the sames identical personnal hopes and dreams ? 
  no , they 're here to help doing a task/job done . 
  most coworkers manage to cooperate in society anyway as a rough rule of thumb . 
  you find common ground and start with that \\ ^ \\ ^, 
  we likely can have both for quite sometime . 
  an integrated common army for the defense of the eu / general purpose , and various countries keeping independant military forces on their own budget if they so desire . 
  simply speaking the unification of some procuration and chain of command would be highly benefic , save a lot of money , strengthen cooperation ( everyone knowing who do what regardless of nationalities in case stuff hit the fan is pretty usefull ) ; and countries that are too broke to afford a sufficient army by themselves ( because lets be honest it 's not estonia + lithuania + latvia that are going to outspend russia ) could keep defense help from the eu beyond nato ( assuming for example a worst case where donald trump as potus * pulls out of the baltics and runs away after accidentally starting a war if even by negligence ; the eu military being able to stand in and bar the road instead might be very usefull ) . 
  \\* ^ ^ ( or ^ another ^ idiot ^ like ^ me ) now i mentionned russia because it was the elephant in the room and one of our biggest neighbors with a real military , but there could be quite a number of other eu crisis where an unified eu military answer would go a long way . 
  ~ ~ e.g : assuming in 50 years russia got inducted in the eu at some point , and we comes to blows in asia with another power , having an unified chain of command would be quite a boon . 
  or a crazy warlord uniting most of africa against us kony-hitler-with-nukes style ... ~ ~, 
   and most likely zero % on the multinationals they did not have a clue what earned . 
  and that 's my problem . 
  because it should be a big part of the budget and covering what hydrocarbure is currently covering and a lot more . 
  at european scale , i mean we could have fund one of the richest lifestyle on earth with half that money , but right now since nothing is collected because we do n't dig , we have countries failing left & right in europe and tons of people living in dirt poverty that could easily be avoided . 
  we could fund romania and moldova ( and all the rest of europe ) from african standards to us-in-the-60 's ones without breaking a sweat . 
  we could use that money to fund other countries like the saudi toss their billions left & right without any real consequences . 
  build millions of new housings units , rebuild all the infrastructure brand new ( and not just when we find some money on another corner we can cut ) , wipe all national debts , close all the deficits , double our healthcare spending , spend hundreds of billions on r & d to make the eu further a technological superpower , rebuild factories here , etc etc. 
  and because we do n't collect , none of that but massive `` austerity '' is happening at every level , privatized healthcare is killing people everywhere , retirement might not exist for millenials , every program get defunded or underfunded , etc etc so yes i 'm a bit pissed off, 
  re using buildings is one thing , but re using the waterboarding habit and reusing tying people to chair for days or various other forms of abuse might have been going a bit far . 
   with a price of less than 100 $ a barrel it is a loss for the companies to use the danish north sea oil . 
  yeah i think most of the money comes actually from gaz and presales of oil ( they got paid 100 $ + before and deliver now ) . 
   taxation of those oil companies is a special tax . 
  as far as i know the government owns a significant part of the oil operation . 
  so they outright have their own cut of the oil trade and it funds straight a significant part of their budget . 
   denmark build its welfare state before oil was found in the 1970 's .
