  the judge described conditions for drivers as an `` inhumane state of affairs '' , and contrary to eu law . 
  great , i like articles that continue like that haha, 
  or , really , it 's just the fn being the same `` alt right '' nazi & fascist fucks, 
  nope no nazis there move along / s, 
  this is n't even a genetical thing , it 's an education thing . 
  it 's what happens when ignorance is socially accepted . 
  their relatives should call them out on fb when they see that kind of bs and tell them to vaccine their kids instead of acting like douchebags by endangering everyone because some `` conservative media '' and bribe taking politician talked of the `` great vaccine conspiracy '' idiotic thing , but instead they go `` ok '' because it confort them in their own too . 
  in short , it 's a social problem too . 
  ( and no i do n't pretend that i have a solution , apart trying to ensure that kids get access to medecine when needed one way or another . 
  but then retarded parents refusing to let doctors heal their kids for `` religious reasons '' or similar is not a new problem ... ), 
  did it ? 
  i do n't see the kids as responsible for their parent 's stupidity btw . 
  and several other of their kids might have survived it anyway so even from an ultra cynical sarcastic pov it does n't help you . 
  that would make more sense already , admittedly, 
  would they manage to run one so soon after the last one ? 
  certainly a better pay than the yanukovich titushki on maidan xd, 
  hey that 's an interesting idea actually . 
  cheap renovation and it certainy look a lot better without having to raze/rebuild tons of `` costly '' buildings ( when you count them by pack of 10 ' 000 ) . 
  i see this not as `` darwin '' but as parental negligence similar to letting your kids play on the side of a highway . 
  measles can be both prevented and cured ( well , endured with supporting treatment . 
  90 + % survival rate with proper care ? ) . 
  if kids die from it en-masse , it 's most likely because their parents did not took them to the doctor . 
  it 's the same attitude than when you hear kids killed because their parents took them to `` faith healing '' instead of a clinic really . 
  edit : especially since the article now mention litterally black on white the retarded conspiracy theorists :  a measles outbreak in romania has killed 17 children and infected thousands more since september due to poverty * and an anti-vaccination movement . 
  *  * ( ... ) and the percentage of parents who refuse to vaccinate their children are at the heart of the recent epidemic . 
  religious organisations and public figures have led recent anti-vaccination campaigns . 
  *  in poor countries , many people simply do not have access to the $ 1 , * but the who has pointed out that children in affluent countries have a greater risk of infection because of scepticism about immunisation . 
  * bastards have blood on their hands . 
  willfully causing so many deaths by spreading false information about base medecine should be criminal ( ized ) . 
  macron as a communist ? 
  wut xd the guy is a rotschild banker . 
  i mean , litterally . 
  who works with the us republicans ( who are basically crony capitalism mobsters with a fantasy for ayn rand ) . 
  if that is `` communism '' for fillon , wait till he finds out about melenchon . 
  maybe he 'll catch fire spontaneously ? 
  ... and this is why conspirationists against vaccination and modern medecine have blood on their hands . 
  turns out , preventing their kids to access medecine do kill them . 
   soon you 'll see the uk growth taking advantage of all that flammable belgian flag market when they 'll be free from the unelected tyranny of brussels reminds me of that old video haha : http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/03/31/eu-flag-burning-fail-video_n_6977458.html, 
  and it 's rising in every countries ... countries are getting richer , yet citizens poorer as a result ... who cares how much more cash your boss makes ( gdp , growth , ... ) when your own wage goes down `` because job creators need help '' ; it 's still going to suck for you and your colleagues ... 
   bannon rides the tide of people bashing the eu . 
  if only . 
  i have very heavy suspicions he has ties in several recent terror attacks to push the xenophobic narrative over the scared older generation . 
  this is a lot more dangerous than just `` riding the wave '' opportunistically . 
   it is the people that will bring down the eu . 
  they will vote in euroskeptic parties since the pro-european ones ignore their concerns . 
  when your concerns is that you want everyone brown-skinned removed by force from the country `` because-invasion-and-they-are-all-terrorists '' , i 'm not sure we should listen to this `` concern '' in their first place . 
  listening and representing the population is important in the first place . 
  but it is not either a pass for tyranny of the minority and the ( openly ) sadistical racism that move the `` alt right '' neonazis who wants to murder-torture people ( look up all those nutbags that try to defend torture and trial-less enforced disappearance , unlimited detainment and such because-brown-people-are-terrorists ) and tries to normalize it as a `` simple concern '' . 
   and remember even if le pen or wilders fail at these elections they wo n't go away . 
  they will keep fighting . 
  as long as they have unlimited russian cash , aye they will, 
  this most destructive and treasonous agent is assuredly a big concern too . 
   is n't he belgian ? 
  for tax purposes yeah, 
  ^ ( could be worse . 
  imagine , brr , kronenbourg beer . ), 
  another retard . 
  edit  former ukip leader nigel farage once said of the far-right firebrand : `` i am happy that there is someone compared to whom i can look like a pretty moderate politician '' . 
  haha ouch, 
  `` anti vaxxinations '' conspirationists are ( spreading ) cancer . . 
  oh look more foreign \\ #propaganda repeating trump 's line on paris but with other towns . 
   so what 's the problem ? 
  that means the measle virus as a permanent carrier population they will infect others from ; and in time safely mutate to best our medecine and kill even more people . 
  essentially the anti vaccine idiots are responsible for tens of thousands of stupid preventable deaths just because they did n't liked basic sanitation measures . 
   by comparison , murdoch , who has been leaning on uk governments for the last 20 years , seems human and almost likable . 
  let 's not exagerate . 
  he also had a hand in pushing brexit , embezzling fantastic budget sums and encouraging trumps ' ideas with foxnews stupidity . 
  then there is all the racism encouraging yellow press, 
  [ ^ ( is it to rival the mighty swiss navy ? 
  now that is just cheating with a name like that :-p, 
   in heidelberg the attacker , described by police as a 35-year-old german `` without a migration background '' , drove what is thought to be a rental car into pedestrians in one of the city 's central squares , injuring three people . 
  one of them , a 73-year-old german man , later died in hospital . 
  edit : quite frankly the issue is the same than with the shooters in the usa . 
  as much as i 'd want to , i do n't really have 1h40 to spend on a single yt documentary . 
  my point however is that politics changed a lot since sadly, 
  you realize that was in 2013 under obama ; and that trump is busy dismantling systematically everything done under the democrates , right ? 
  you realize that said democrates that were funding nasa are n't in charge anymore , right ? 
  edit http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-climate-change-nasa-global-warming-bob-walker-a7433146.html, 
  some people in the whitehouse where talking about defunding nasa because they did climate search and that went against the line of the current administration that decided that `` climate change is a hoax '' . 
  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/20/us/politics/trump-white-house-website.html said decision maker being , genuinely , advised by ... alex jones from infowars : https://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/17/us/politics/alex-jones-trump-call.html of course some people calls us hypocritic because our civilization 's modern energy-eating habits and linked politics have admittedly a noticable part of responsability in the climate change issue ( the `` man made '' bit ) . 
  but let 's be serious a minute , it 's not like we can abandon cars or heating or computing hardware ; the climate change issue is still a lesser evil than going back medieval in absolutely every case . 
  so the least we can do , is give a hand to nasa scientists hoping they can figure out additional ideas and data to damage control the worst of the climate change effects . 
  short term end of coal is of course part of that damage control policy in europe ; but it 's very unpopular with coal oligarchs in the us , same with oil quotas and pollution regulations , and when money makes policy ... just watch out how the german car makers attempted to cheat on pollution quotas and imagine the same x100 ' 000 with all industries in the us busy pretending the issue do n't even exist . 
   i wonder how her supporters will take it . 
  like trump supporters . 
  they see it as a good thing and that she stole a million is a positive for them `` because it shows she 's smarter '' . 
  not enough not to get caught i guess ? 
  yeah it does n't quite work like that generally with justice . 
  we 're not ( yet ) asking her to walk in a dungeon , even if she feels this is unjustified she should at least answer the questions ... 
  otherwise one might think there might be some truth in those accusations of embezzling and theft she refuse to answer about . 
   i mean i get it but maybe go to some countries besides germany and greece sometime ? 
  that said good point , they could be resettled in a neighboring country ; that would n't interfere with the asylum question itself . 
  there is likely a country or another that can take a couple turks, 
  looking the turn turkey is taking , i would suggest we grant it to them , they look like actual refugees : /, 
  tbh i 'd rather we let nasa get credit because if it can help with their funding ... the esa is n't at threat of being starved by the eu admin because they studied climate change . 
  good pr is a lot for nasa, 
  interesting points . 
  it 's nice to see the pope seeing beyond small religious rivalries and differents . 
  a lot of people assumed he was going to dodge punishment . 
  but nope , here it is , a real , tangible condamnation .
