  christianity no longer lives in the crusades era . 
  large parts of islam still live in that era . 
  well . 
  you know we currently still have an entire army right now in car ( centrafrique ) to prevent the christian from burning and hacking alive their muslims neighbors for being muslims , right ? 
  ( edit : altho granted the muslims there are just as bad ), 
   an optional curriculum would resolve nothing . 
  well optional as in `` it 's optionnal to have a baccalaureat , it 's optionnal to become baker or cop or a religious officer '' . 
  pick the carreer you want , but they generally have each some sort of diploma or knowledge requirement you can learn . 
   but i think at this point in time christianity is benign by comparison with islam erh . 
  then i met some orthodox who went in eastern ukraine . 
  i 'll just call them orthodox jihadis . 
  then i watched groups like the kkk in the usa , or westboro , or how the christians got abortion illegal in ireland and try to do the same in the us ( which would cause the church-bribery-powered `` debate '' imported in europe too . ), 
  then imagine crooked cops covering for pedophile ex priest politicians ? 
  oh sorry , it 's true the press agreed never to talk about westminster because the uk gov did n't like having so many mp implicated in it / s ) . 
  sorry for remaining warry of all that . 
   this food only good for dog or woman , hunger strikes in sweden ? 
  yeah that much is benefit shopping . 
  most people however did n't complained . 
  no reason to accept that bit , agreed there . 
   but isis has metaphorically exploded in popularity oh yeah and we kindah helped them to explode in a more physical manner yesterday in al hawl and sinjar too . 
  which is probably why they attacked in france ( we expected their attack around christmas tbh ) . 
   lease make your way to a refugee camp in turkey or somewhere that 's what we were trying to negociate with turkey , but as you might have heard , relations are n't exactly great with erdogan . 
  somehow about as good as with russia in ukraine . 
  now , if hollande invoke article v we might have the faster solution to just send 50 ' 000 french soldiers from the homefront and steamroll the fuck out of daesh [ while negociating a cease fire in / / with the rest ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/3ssnyh/kerry_transitional_government_for_syria_to_be_set/ ) . 
  but , looking how things are screwed in paris right now , we 're going to wait for hollande and his own advisers to make a decision and not really pressure anything . 
  not a good time . 
   syria was n't that bad . 
  uh yeah , apart the bit where they could n't buy food anymore because there was n't enough left in the country to feed them and the gov stole the money to feed them . 
   people do n't want to be well off . 
  they want to be better off than their neighbours that 's a very free market like theory to which i do n't adhere ( and quite frankly , fuck the temporarily embarassed millionaires , they make everything worse for everyone , including in the usa ) . 
  and people certainly do n't want to loose what they have . 
   and when muslims in europe see how much better off the europeans they live in parallel with are they get resentful . 
  yes , and that 's definitely an issue that we will have to adress ( partly by finding money to throw at the problem ) . 
  but for the time being , we can point at daesh or nusra and say `` you sure you want that ? '' . 
   quiet in the sense that they were n't clamouring for more refugees like germany and sweden hey , i 'm french , do n't pretend to teach me what we 're talking about haha . 
  10-15 % of our population is immigrant . 
  so everytime i hear the other complain about a few thousands , it makes me smile a bit . 
  less now with the incident in paris obviously , but most of the country is still there despite massive immigration since the end of wwii and a healthy dose of right wing hypocritical racism . 
   terrorism and crackdowns on radicalization feeding into each other in a future where that 1 % is 10 % and more look genius , there 's no miracle solution . 
  if you are of those people who suggest gunning down everyone at the border that try to slip in , the answer will be a flat no . 
  we might have to close border , but there 's a way to do it . 
   now they 're saying a migrant caused it by accident . 
  well ; like they are saying `` a migrant '' caused the shooting in paris , yeah . 
   only a fool does n't try to find out what their enemy is about . 
  oh if you are talking about their end goal i did found it out : surviving in syria , rising a state , invading us , killing us , killing as many americans as they can , humiliating us , selling women in slavery like they did in sinjar and forcing shariah law . 
  which obviously i do n't agree with . 
   if isis had attacked germany first they did . 
  they got caught just before taking action . 
  i guess german services where better : /  only when shit hits the fan will you find out if religious or ethnic loyalties do n't trump others . 
  hence the whole `` putting people in school to educate them '' . 
  the radical 's main weapon is [ ignorance ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-a9s2bzehh4y/uilnqcsymmi/aaaaaaaaces/kl3xe40neng/s1600/cartoon61.jpg ) . 
  teaching refugees we can offer them a better life than goat herders in a desert that die at 50 , even when we fall * totally * and they end up in a grey banlieu with 50 % unemployment and 500 $ / mo and a broken elevator , and that it is still way better , is a powerfull tool to keep people on your side . 
  ( yeah [ you ca n't get iphones in daeshiland , somehow . ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/islamic-state/11268208/jihadists-in-syria-write-home-to-france-my-ipod-is-broken.-i-want-to-come-back.html ) . 
  sharia and killing everyone around does n't seem to promote progress and technology . 
  oh and that scratch that got infected with flesh eating bacteria because you have no water to shower that we could have laughed away in western led areas did cut away your legs ? 
  and now you want prothesthetics too ? 
  so which society do you prefer now ? ), 
   migrants are n't heading en masse to france and france has been pretty quiet let 's just say it 's not entirely true and we will carefully avoid that topic to avoid political suicide ( ... and the waffen-ss-founded `` front national '' party rising in elections ) shall we ? 
  even if sometime it slips by a little ( like in calais , which is too large to pretend it does n't exist . 
  give me an $ everytime people bitch about it ... ) . 
   no , germany is essentially building future banileues where this persecution complex feeds on dashed hopes and dreams that europe would mean money , a car , etc. 
  yeah , 1 % of the population as immigration , 20 % unemployment and regular crime trouble . . as compared to a futur where 50 millions middle easterners have a personnal reason to try to kill us as revenge for helping assad then leaving them to die , and help al quaeda massacre as many westerners as possible , where the golden dawn finally take back power in greece and take all those nato weapons to `` try bringing some freedom to cyprus then istanbul '' , etc etc ? 
  plus , consider it a training for in 30 years when * billions * of africans then decide they could use our wealth while we never had any idea how to deal with them . 
  oh , so you intend to do what about people who only speak french and have been here for 3-5 generations too ? 
  you want to deport them to the country of their forefather they never went in ( or maybe 2 weeks in hollydays ) , where they have no paper , no family , and do n't speak the language , that do n't want them either ? 
  what could possibly go wrong / s, 
   the point i was making is that at that time ( 1905 ) there was n't a threat from catholics to actually take over the state and impose a theocracy and there you are wrong . 
  for us it 's in the milk than religious fundamentalist threathen to take over the country and bring us back in the dark ages . 
  the revolution was brutally anti religious , albeit maybe a bit too much ( that mellowed a bit down the line , we stopped beheading people for it 200 years ago thankfully ) . 
  we learn it at school , in history , in civic education , when we vote it 's reminded to us as extremely pricy victory . 
  * vive la republique , vive la france * hollande reminded us . 
  translation , `` long live the republic , long live france '' . 
  the first bit being important because the republic is our symbol of being able to protect the state from extreme religion that precedently destroyed us . 
  there is no way they wrote the constitution forgetting the risk of radical religion being a threat . 
  it 's like americans forgetting about freedom from colonialism . 
   religion in schools would still be an intervention by the state even if it be a technicality , yes and no , there is already a presentation of the `` religious fact '' , the beliefs of most big religions on a neutral manner in the curriculum : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/enseignement_du_fait_religieux_en_france so adding an entire optionnal curriculum dedicated to teaching people how to be a decent imam or cur\u00e9 or minister or similar would ` nt change much . 
  people in france can decide what diploma to go for past the 6th grade . 
  oh come on , do n't take it wrong , but am i really getting lectured by non french on what we can pass or not pass as a law on technicities ? 
   catholics and lutherans would n't present such a threat and politicians at that time oh boy . 
  for all you know about our constitution , you obviously seem to have missed a few pages of our history . 
  let me help you : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st._bartholomew%27s_day_massacre https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inquisition https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_in_the_vend%c3%a9e https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crusades and that 's just the top 4 on top of my mind . 
  french religious history has always been extremely brutal . 
  hell , most violent wars in our history are either that or picking a fight with the britishs using religion as an excuse haha . 
  so much which is why we ended up mostly not religious . 
   imo priests/imams should be certified by french state and this program should receive , naturally , subsidies from the state or , simply be another curiculum available in our usual free mandatory public schools and university system . 
  no need to fund any religious school any specially for it . 
   i know how absurd this sounds for a frenchman , but in the long term wahhabi islam is a huge threat if it remains unchecked how would that be absurd , that 's exactly one of my past points . 
  salafists needs to be removed . 
   the safety of one 's own nation should always come first . 
  everybody 's safety comes first . 
  pushing people on the daesh zombis hoping it 'll keep them fed and they wo n't come for you does n't work . 
   you can imagine how unattractive our country must be to the benefit seekers , which are clearly present amongst the refugees . 
  150 - 250 eur/month and no housing benefits - this is what you get when you 're unemployed . 
  that 's a lot better than serving as kindling for the next daesh fire or getting cut in pieces by the mukhabarat for being suspected of being a dissident , or killed by nusra , or . 
  and what 's better than school and training to do that ? 
  one did . 
  i refuse to ceding to the golden dawn program with that , sorry . 
   but this would mean france will have to reverse the 1905 separation of church and state act not really . 
  the state remain secular and certainly does not preach any religion . 
  we could require additionnal training and certification from each major religion that has more than x millions followers .
