  in netflix case it would seems most of the money goes either to feed mpaa oligarchs throught `` licences '' or netflix execs & shareholders, 
  tax fraud & `` evasion '' in europe . 
  with money-makers making more and more but paying less and less , i 'm afraid of seeing the social boat capsizing with the ones who have stuff and those who do n't ( and of course most of the pop being in the `` do n't have anything '' side , east europe style  huge social problems , instability , maidans , people who join isis etc etc ) . 
  it 's a cascade failure from the start . 
  diesel price is crashing because : - economy is slowing down so the state dropped a lot of taxes on oil to prevent the price from being crazy - then oil price crashed with the ksa dumping crude prices right now ( to screw over shale oil ) - shale oil found . 
  looooooooooots of it . 
  - we played a bit on the price to screw over the russians during the ukrainian crisis . 
  while pressure was somewhat relaxed there , consummer prices at the pump are still partly lower in europe due to it - oil found in europe recently ( norway , scotland , etc ) driving the price down locally further ( there are no or little import/export taxes & tariffs for internal european trade ) - lots of industries loves diesel more than gasoline for it 's own use so it 's more bulk produced so cheaper than gasoline - diesel cars consumes less fuel per 100km so people head for them too rather than gasoline cars , helping keeping the interest in mass producing it - emerging markets in eastern europe that keep interests high too - and let 's be honest , most citizens do n't give a crap about whether what 's escaping their car is toxic or not , they only watch the pump price . 
  it 's up to the gov to keep an eye on long term viability too and when all the odds line up ... 
  i find it simple , really . 
  there 's half a trillion in the nature with corrupt russian oligarch ( in cash liquidities i mean ) . 
  recovering some of it should cover that much no issue . 
  the main issue tho is that by now the oligarchs all moved abroad most of their money . 
  so how to convince them to repatriate it and give it back to the state where it belongs ( ie fighting corruption partly , seizing money and companies/assets from the biggest abusers , then to reallocate it as a bailout ) without all of them hating you to the point of plotting a coup . 
  [ a bit like that one ] ( http://www.upi.com/top_news/world-news/2015/06/09/putin-offers-amnesty-to-russians-who-repatriate-offshore-money/1211433879901/ ) with the extra step of reallocating a bit of their money while finding a way to avoid bankruns . 
  or of course he could fund the state budgets out of his own pockets , but that hurts long term . 
  fair enough , i 'm not sure if there 's a perfect answer for putin , ouch . 
  but after all he 's the kgb overlord , i 'm sure he can figure out something . 
   if you 're suggesting that the us pressured european countries to make these laws for us tech companies i would like to see a source . 
  i clearly remember during the odf/openxml case that some us company openly bribed people . 
  i saw the same kind of actions during the dotcom trial . 
  and during 2/3 other cases i do n't want to discuss here . 
  so i kindah assume ( d ) it 's standard practice nowadays . 
  this is definitely a problem we should start with if we want to solve our financial/systemic issues . 
   and writing off normal business expenses is the norm in any developed country . 
  and fraud and officials stealing millions is the norm in romania . 
   luxembourg who specifically design their tax policies to take advantage of it . 
  they 're not going to give it up easily . 
  of course . 
  the mafia is never happy with law enforcment shutting down their money laundering operation that enriched them so much . 
   i mean , if arcellor-mittal would pay higher taxes , would n't it face tougher competition ? 
  the eternal excuse to try and avoid paying taxes  we need an european tax policy . 
  i mean , how is this monetary union supposed to work without that ? 
  something i agree with on the other hand, 
  i thought he was prime minister ? 
  but then , yes luxembourg will `` have to take a hit '' , that is the money hidden here after being stolen in other eu countries will partly go back in those countries yes . 
  which is to be expected . 
   and as it does n't export much of anything other than its fiscal policy and shady banking , it could be brought in a more normal level by rising back taxes to something near their neighbors level & seizing money stolen by corrupt persons in various eu countries . 
  it also would n't affect as much their steel industries ( yes they have one !, 
  you just do n't hear much about it tho ) , telecoms ( heavily linked with various european space communications systems from what i read ? so hopefully the big bucks on that side wo n't go away anytime soon ) , various service industries or even tourism ( 10 % of the gdp said wikipedia ? ) . 
  i mean , in that case , luxembourg will likely be back to the truly horrible norway or german middle class level of poverty instead of swiss one / s, 
   who in their right mind would subject himself to a notoriously dangerous and life-threatening human trafficking service to actually succeed in reaching his target destination , people who are desperate  and then proceed to go back where he first left because he failed to inform himself about what he was doing and now complains about petty bureaucracy and being in a foreign land ? 
  it 's unlikely he will go back where he actually started ( syria ) , likely in a neighboring country like lebanon or turkey which have been mentionned , or jordan or west bank , etc  who has such a profound lack of planning skills or even critical thinking , has anything to do with engineering at all . 
  looks like you guessed wrong . 
  people stuck in refugee camps for years ( even open ones ) tend to try new things . 
  no issue , i 'm sure we can help them with plane tickets and some loose change for their way . 
  if they have another possible destination in mind and are happier that way , no reason to refuse it . 
  you ca n't make this up, 
  there are no freedom to pay no taxes while pocketing millions and billions . 
  if you want crassy crony capitalism where big money is above the law , please head somewhere else . 
  but if you can afford taxes and do business in europe , you will have to pay them . 
   companies that sell in the uk pay vat in the uk . 
  actually pre netflix they were n't . 
  which is actually part of why we wrote that eu law in 2014 from what i recently found like 2h ago , yes ( to make netflix pay taxes that is . ) . 
  hence my edit on said post . 
   website domain name has nothing to do with company registration or corporate tax rates . 
  but the targeted public does . 
  they are uk citizens . 
  if they sell in the uk , they should pay the uk gov taxes at uk tax rates . 
  not luxembourg 's rate you get by bribing the right officials . 
   nor does where you sell to customers . 
  turns out the oecd and various economies disagreed : https://www.taxamo.com/eu-vat-rules-global-plans/  that you think where you sell determines your corporate tax rate only serves to show how facile your understanding is . 
  or that corporatists takes everyone for retards and ran away with all the money for decades to the point of destroying the entire occidental economy . 
   there are many aspects of business and taxation to be justifiably angry about . 
  that you choose this one by all means , do enlight us on what bigger way of fraud concerns you . 
   further , costs of business reducing taxable income is not government subsidies yes , yes it is . 
  disguised subsidies alongside the normal taxes . 
  which there are absolutely no reason to give in netflix or facebook case , since the only thing that will generate de facto is a bigger ceo/shareholders bonus check and a state budget missing just as much . 
  and if they price ridiculous like the mpaa with the dvd 's , they 'll sink alongside . 
  when you have the obscene margins digital goods have , '' i ca n't pay taxes '' while pocketing 400 ' 000 ' 000 ( four hundred millions ) euros is not an acceptable answer . 
  learn how to run your business or sink . 
  it 's not for the taxpayers to shoulder it for you and teach you how to addition and substract . 
  and if you still ca n't do it , recruit an accountant . 
  recruit people who know how to negociate licences and not just wiring your account to the mpaa . 
  but all of this is none of the irs 's problem . 
  that business who ca n't offer anything interesting at a normal price in normal conditions sink is simply normal , sorry . 
  the state do n't exist just to refund shareholders and other billionaire `` investors '' who squandered all their money on failed get-rich-quick schemes and did n't even bothered doing their job properly behind it/got too greedy . 
  yeah and `` campaign contributions '' ( ie giving millions to an us politician ) are legal in the usa too . 
  get caught doing that here and you 'll see if you do n't see the inside of a jail cell . 
  i do advocate zero tolerance for `` evasion '' . 
  we should close all the loopholes and collect from the frauders . 
  anybody that does n't pay back the due taxes from profits made in our countries will face the force of the law . 
   if the guy had insulted anyone else , do you think he would 've been arrested ? 
  in france you can * technically * sue somebody if they insult you ( whoever you or they are ) , but the amounts of the fine are going to be small ( read : 50 $ ) and you 're likely not going to see any of it ; so 99 % of the time nobody 's going to bother if it 's `` just '' that alone ( and the police 's not even going bother writing it down unless there 's something else going on tbh if only because it 's going to take a day of justice work for nothing ) edit : looked it up since i was curious , a private ( or quasi private ) insulte without a special racist or similar character is 38 $ max : https://www.service-public.fr/particuliers/vosdroits/f32077 `` public '' insult is higher but the word `` public '' is more intended as `` after having drawn large number of people 's intention '' if i understand correctly , which is basically aimed at politicians and corporations , tv emissions and other mass communication channels who can really be screwed over heavily for that ( but for a message from one individual to another in a more or less private context like a facebook message you risk 38 , which is nothing , like two good mcdonalds meals . 
  and the state grab the fine , not the `` victim '' . 
   except they did n't evade anything . 
  the problem here is the state , and the politicians company that make business in the uk do pay taxes . 
  why would netflix avoid those just by saying it 's not an uk business ? 
  really . 
   the problem here is the state , and the politicians the lack of regulation is also part of the problem , but corporations that use every single loophole on a constant basis are equally guilty . 
   eliminate the loopholes , and then go after the companies that try something shady . 
  i do agree . 
  tho it 's the uk and they have their own vision on how to run their country so it could take some time . 
   no point in blaming companies that are compliant with the existing tax codes . 
  using loophole on a regular basis like netflix does denotate some open intention to avoid paying taxes they know deep down they should . 
  that 's why it 's called a * loophole * . 
  an hole against the open intent of said regulations . 
   it 's not like the netflix membership is tax free . 
  plenty of taxes were paid . 
  5 % to luxembourg .
