  i 'd like it to stay that way . 
   to go to active warzones and build the next isis ? 
   is the life of your enemy more important than your own freedom ? 
  i 'm not sure you are asking the right questions . 
  and there 's quite a difference between how you handle dangerous jihadis shooting at you on the battlefield ( well you shoot back , obviously ) , and how you handle disarmed people in your custody under your own hands ( in europe there 's no death penalty , again ) . 
   and that the cartoonists actually deserved it . 
  in my humble opinion , anybody that think that is an idiot . 
  i do think it was a disguised insult but i certainly do n't think those warrants murder or attack under any circumstances . 
  being a grown up is being able to take and handle a comment you do n't like . 
  killing people for saying things you do n't like is against occidental values . 
  ( and for the context i 'm not religious ), 
  that 's seems pretty prudent and in line with what we know of the situation, 
  you ca n't kill your way out of everything . 
  plus there 's no death penalty in europe . 
  and reducing human life value to a bullet ( re ) set a very dangerous precedent . 
  how to deal with the returning jihadis is certainly a problem . 
  - letting them walk out unwatched is pretty dangerous , that 's quite clear - refusing them is taking a risk they try getting in back illegally or keep doing the same thing in another country . 
  - jailing them forever and tossing the key then forgetting about them carries the risk keeping them radicalized till they exit jail as in . 
  damnit , no good options . 
  well , maybe jail then forced social reintegration programs ( mandatory job provided with military-like discipline etc ) ? 
  and separate prison wings for radicals . 
  i simply wonder how it 's going to keep working when he gets replaced by another president in another year after the next elections ( since he already had 2 mandates he ca n't run again , unlike putin in russia ) . 
  that propaganda will quickly & simply be obsolete either way in a year . 
  well and the uk made us a big speech on why they wo n't take illegals coming in illegally further from france < . < you could have sent him back in france and told him to apply from there and nobody would have batted an eye, 
  no nato policy will/should not decide on welfare negociations . 
  this is outright ridiculous . 
  i hope our leaders will know better than that . 
  if you have a nato issue , solve it independantly . 
  but do n't bring eu citizens ' income in it . 
   lawyers are continuing to refer alleged abuse by soldiers to the iraq historic allegations team ( ihat ) . 
  clickbait title , but correct article . 
  they 're talking about the soldiers that commited actual warcrimes ( e.g : shot random civilians , looted , torture , executed civilians arrested without real reasons , etc , etc ) , not about all soldiers in iraq . 
  and if you ask me , that 's something perfectly normal , the uk wants a professionnal army and not just violent thugs of course . 
   [ ... aztec ... gold ... ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/fljyimap8xw/maxresdefault.jpg ) ahah , my first thoughts exactly, 
  it 's also hard to contest the legitimacy of an uk jurisdiction, 
   i just really do n't understand how a white french person can think what 's going on in france is ok i never said it was ok . 
  it 's a lesser evil thing . 
   and it boils my blood to see how my fellow ethnic community treats france . 
  i 'll take any day the people that insult me over those that want to deport millions and make rafles in the tens of thousands, 
   turkey 's recep tayyip erdo\u011fan has reportedly defended his push for a presidential system of government by citing `` hitler 's germany '' as an historic example . 
  did he mixed drugs in his coffee this morning ? 
  did he really quoted the european satan as an `` historic example '' ? 
  or is it a clickbait/bad translations ? 
   in many categories those are already enforced . 
  are n't those the reciprocal sanctions on the food trade you banned anyway and they just passed in the rada in the wind to pretend they were doing something ? 
   in due time it will happen , those standards that are better in eu will be implemented in cis countries let me put it that way : on the safety & health chapter it 's not to europe to bow down to the whim of russian oligarchs who make up excuses not to do their upgrade work in time that they should have done 20 ( twenty ) years ago . 
  safety standards exist for health & safety reasons . 
  it will benefit russia too down the line . 
  if they try selling food that has n't been conserved at consistent frozen temperature or parts they know are unsafe , it 's on them . 
  but of course it 's cheaper to keep producing unsafe stuff than bother enforcing at least 10 % of the eu regulations . 
   but the harm to our imports to ukraine is already happening and without previous consultations with russia . 
  let 's not twist facts here : most of that harm is also mostly due because 80 % of the country hates you to the bone for just having driven ( or attempted to drive ) a tank army all over their country . 
  that generally pisses off people quite a bit . 
  so off course now a large part of the ukrainians do n't want to have anything to do with russia . 
  if they decide they want to boycott russian stuff there is n't much we can do , sorry . 
   russian part of the negotiation with eu proposed to introduce measures to avoid that btw and were laughed at no , russia was laughed at because at a diplomatic level the eu diplomats & high level execs took it as a list of orders faxed from moscow to bruxelles after a failed invasion . 
  imagine american tourists just invaded belarus and suddenly mailed the kremlin a list of demands & taxes to america on any trade between russia & belarus or russia & china and repeatedly stated they should attend the negociations `` or else '' . 
  of course you would tell them to sod off & put more tanks on the border . 
  which is more or less what we did . 
  there was litterally no way bruxelles could have had any other answer for a ukraine/european union internal trade agreement just after a russian invasion . 
  that would be openly surrendering our sovereignty and territory to the russian army , which would fly here just as well as putin selling kamtchaka to the americans . 
  the baltics & possibly nordic states would have started an open revolt if bruxelles had answered anything else . 
   sorry that statement does n't make sense . 
  russian producers do n't care if ukraine exports to europe or not . 
  of course they care . 
  one more steel bar we buy to the mariupol mill is one bar we likely wo n't buy to the likes of abramovich . 
  so it 's competition , and if there is one thing oligarchs hate it 's competition they ca n't buy out , sabotage or kill . 
  like competition abroad in an hostile country that wo n't take any orders from them . 
  so instead of making a better offer they 'd rather manipulate the kremlin into attacking the free trade agreement . 
  cheaper for them, 
   russian goods are produced under cis standards , ukraine since jan 1st adopts eu standards . 
  meaning that most russian companies wo n't be able to export to ukraine this is one of the common lies spread by oligarchs . 
  ukraine enforce standards on exports and local productions , not yet imports . 
  secundo , maybe russia should ant up their exports standards too at some point , if they do n't want to be left behind by the rest of their big trading partners . 
  even china are upgrading their own standards , slowly . 
   this harms russian exporters and violates/breaks trade treaties ukraine signed in mark of cis trade pacts . 
  no it does not , a second invention spread by big industrialists that simply see ukrainians as direct concurrents and do n't want them to export to the rest of europe sorry . 
  just watch how malofeev started a war just to line up a bit more his pockets . 
  you are really going to bite in this stuff ? 
   apart from this , if measures are not taken european goods could be introduced in russia in avoidance of taxed through ukraine . 
  you mean illegally ? 
  i do n't think the mafia wait for proper paperworks and laws to do that ... 
  if moscow wants a say in the eu internal trade policy they should try fitting criterias to join it , not send tanks our way . 
  bonne ann\u00e9e bonne sant\u00e9e ( have a nice year and health ), 
  i 've had some negative encounters , but had a lot worse run ins with some of the fn `` supporters '' . 
   and still think ump could alleviate the situation ? 
  economically i think the ump economic policy is just plainly crass . 
  so i think they make the situation worse because they impoverish part of the population ( cut the apl/rsa / ... and give all that money to the medef they say , what could possibly go wrong ... / s ) , which fosters exclusion , which fosters aggressiveness and risk of well more negative encounters like you said, 
   i think it will be somewhat amusing to watch things play out , in a twisted sense . 
  a human going to combat comes back as an experienced fighter , if he 's too bad injured or killed that experience is gone and somebody else has to start at basically zero in his place . 
  yeah that experience loss is definitely a problem , you 're kindah preaching the choir here, 
  well that would be switzerland if they joigned, 
  yes , i agree with that . 
  what i simply meant was `` the tech ai n't really ready '' . 
  yeah . 
  but the racailles are n't going to try & use a presidential chair to have the police `` clean up banlieux with a karsher '' . 
  haha , convince the swiss to join the eu then !, 
  i 'm sure some more would happily open branches in the second biggest ~ ~ money laundry haven ~ ~ * ... tax friendly ... * country in the peninsula . 
  yeah but you generally pay to have have 20 soldiers in a patrol ( vs like 1 or 2 robot like this i suspect ) . 
  they can cover each others , jump above obstacles , kick back a grenade if they feel particularly nuts that day or more realistically push their buddies aside , watch above their head and around more easily , patch up their wounds to some limit,
