  so what do you conclude ? 
   but it does n't negate that fact that the french courts will enforce an arbitral award made under any law , including sharia . 
  oh yes it will negate it . 
  if an official is suspected of enforcing anything under religious auspices , he 's liable for the 1905 law and that can include years in jail . 
   anyway , sharia law is not religion . 
  it 's linked to religion . 
  it is using religion as backend and openly affiliated with the islamic religion . 
   source ? 
  religion is strictly separated from any legal function & legal resolution by the constitution and 1905 laws : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/histoire_de_la_la%c3%afcit%c3%a9_en_france#l.e2.80.99article_premier_de_la_constitution_de_1958 http://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichtexte.do?cidtexte=jorftext000000508749 if you pretend to any legal context linked to justice , you ca n't advocate for any religion in any manner . 
  of course they could pretend they are not linked to legal justice or legal context and merely bypassers talking in the context of free speech , but then they 'd loose the adr statut i guess ? 
  and could be nailed for posing as the legal statut , or nailed for covering up crime either way . 
   you think if you ban sharia hearings , everyone will just toddle off to the county court instead ? 
  no , but at least there wo n't be a local wahabi imam saying ( pretending ) openly it 's okay and legal for the guy to stone and put in a closet the woman he bought in a foreign country while posing as a judge . 
  because he 'd have to face the legal consequences of it . 
   if you want to ban adr based on sharia law , you have to ban all adr . 
  absolutely not . 
  in france it 's `` simply '' illegal to use religion in anything approaching justice or state function or any form of resolution . 
  that solved the case nicely i think . 
  who spoke about the general case ? 
  this article is about the specific self appointed `` shariah court '' case . 
   if you can explain why alternative dispute resolution should be banned , go for it . 
  in this case : 1 \u00b0 ) because it poses as the `` main dispute resolution '' and tries to undermine the legal system by posing as it . 
  2 \u00b0 ) because it blatantly disregard the english common law 3 \u00b0 ) because it works to hide crime in a regular manner ( and is likely intended as such ) . 
   mediation and arbitration i assumed you refered to both as the same thing because if you refer to the justice appointed mediators , those are under strict legal review and will absolutely be in huge legal trouble if they try pushing any form of religion . 
  any member of the government apparatus that do simply risk jail . 
  '' translation : 1st article . 
  france is an indivisible republic , laic , democratic and social . 
  it assures equality in front of the law for all citizens , without distinguishing any origin , race or religion . 
  it respects all religions equally . 
  [ implied , no religion shall take precedence ]  laicite does not prevent the enforcement of religious awards . 
  the constitution flatly ban anyone associated in any manner to the gov to push religion in the case of their work . 
  in the first article . 
  edit : oh and if you believe the constitution article is too vague , here 's the 1905 law that will rip a new one to anyone trying to push religion in legal function : http://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichtexte.do?cidtexte=jorftext000000508749 it 's mostly a laundry list of all cases for all the smartasses that think they got a loophole . 
  a big part of the problem is that the `` arbitration '' pretend this is 1 \u00b0 ) a legitimate contract while fully knowing it is n't 2 \u00b0 ) try to pose as legal justice . 
  3 \u00b0 ) willfully undermine the uk legal system 4 \u00b0 ) for personnal religious convictions 5 \u00b0 ) openly support the duress . 
   do you mean that the police wo n't protect muslims yes they will . 
  however , a muslim can not invocate the religious law in any manner to pretend enforcing any form of `` justice '' . 
  neither can a muslim cop twist and enforce or not selectively laws based on his personnal convictions . 
  laicit\u00e9 is a principle enshrined in the french constitution and will be strictly , absolutely non negociable . 
   or do you mean that the parisian courts would n't enforce arbitral awards . 
  `` arbiters '' ( m\u00e9diateurs ) have limited powers because some corporations decided to have their own `` m\u00e9diateurs '' on their own payroll and used it as an excuse to avoid any form of justice . 
  banks were using it 100 % of the time to try and persuade people they had no legal recourse when for example the bank lost their cc numbers on the internet and their account got emptied . 
  a lot of people got to jail for similar cases . 
  similarly , no shariah `` arbiter '' can pretend 1 \u00b0 ) they are a judge 2 \u00b0 ) that they are the normal recourse 3 \u00b0 ) that the woman should n't go to justice to get her husband nailed to the wall for that kind of stuff . 
  edit : typos , dirty grammar, 
  well why do n't you come and try somewhere like in paris . 
  let 's see how long you last , 
   no ... france ( like almost all western countries ) does have binding third-party civil arbitration . 
  while that much is true , you absolutely can not : - legally use any form of religion to back such advice and/or pretend religion is legally binding in any way . 
  secularism will be enforced on any legal aspects . 
  - suggest or otherwise imply it is legally justice and/or replace it in any form - use it to push a settlement to avoid legal consequences ( strictly illegal here ; because it can and frequently will be used as blackmail . ), 
  - otherwise try to avoid punishment and cover illegal actions ( such as violence , beating , blackmail , scams , forced illegitimate mariage , ... ) . 
  any ass who try something like they do in that article that i hear about in france will end up in jail . 
   i 'm not trying to justify anything here , i 'm just reading the article . 
  well then maybe the average mafia victim that get shaked down `` agreed to the bound of the agreement '' too . 
   it 's a simple matter of reading comprehension . 
  putting your head in the sand and pushing the victims under a bus for the sake of your consciousness wo n't make it any more real . 
  but oh well : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three_wise_monkeys why admit there 's a problem when you can do some good old victim blaming and saying that maybe she asked for it / s. 
  no , here 's my take on it : you ca n't let afghan villagers declare a people 's court of afghanistan in london . 
  and no , people signing wavers that they agree to submit to beatings , blackmail and being treated as cattle has no legal value ; and anybody requiring them to sign something like that should be held accomplice and responsible in all those illegal acts and jailed . 
   the question whether the woman voluntarily agreed to be bound to the judgment . 
  this is something that is not clear from the article . 
  you are a straight up lying asshole because you ca n't find some mental gymnastic enough to justify supporting that backward medieval inquisition shit . 
  you really think people that are blackmailed with fraudulous loans and 10 ' 000 # demands while crying are willing ? 
   _   that judgment would not be enforceable in a regular court . 
  no , the `` judge '' should be in jail for participating in organized racket , coertion , and a laundry list of similar past cases . 
   and if she does , she gets excluded from her community and everyone she knows ... well , here 's a real problem to address then . 
  uh , maybe stop being a retard , 
  in your dreams  if i catch somebody doing that , he 's going to spend quite some time in the fresh , 
   for what ? 
  posing as illegal representants of authority , complicity in multiple crimes , coertion , violence , etc. 
   the woman would have to complain , well i 'm not sure how the justice work in germany , but in france if you are caught doing illegal stuff we do n't abandon the whole thing and certainly do n't set them free because the victim does n't dare press charges for fear of their life . 
   she is made to a submissive shell of a person . 
  all the more the reasons to arrest the guy . 
  no they are basically the same [ village elders council than in shithole backwater india ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3ipg44/an_unelected_allmale_village_council_in_india_has/ ) with all the attached stuff and that gave us most of the worldnews indian headlines . 
  that practice needs to die . 
  if we 're bombing isis , it 's certainly not to legalize their medieval dark age goat herders habits in europe . 
   a woman `` ready to burst into tears '' is sent away without an answer after saying that her husband took out a loan in her name on the day they married and is denying her a divorce until she gives him # 10,000 . 
  well tell me , how is that any different ? 
  well , and you think the mafiosis would n't make you sign such a waver when they take all your money at gun point , if that legally put them above the law ? 
   the judge ruled that a binding arbitration judgment can not be appealed in the regular court system unless it can be proven that a major procedural error has been made by the arbitrator . 
  what the fuck ? 
  so if the mafia declares itself arbitrator that makes it legal if they get all the money from local shops ( ohh it 's a nice shop you got there ... ) and some other randomly burns down ? 
  because that 's exactly what they are saying . 
   as for the uk , sharia courts would not exist if binding arbitration were not enforceable . 
  my guess is from the description i read it looks like it 's more of an excuse for extremists to beat their wife all they want more than anything else  as well as increasingly often even in employment contracts . 
  yeah but the usa is about the only place in the west where scientology-grade slavery contracts are probably legal . 
  here , if you put a clause that you ca n't be sued in a contract or you are forcing somebody to sign a blank agreement , the judge is going to laugh you out of the room . 
  then condamn you . 
  why , you think more bomb would fix africa or the middle east out of everything ? 
  while it can put an end to largescale military action , there 's only so much you can do about a guy who changed appearance , name and everything and hide in some backwater shithole at the other end of the world . 
  why does n't the country arrest the guy ? 
   why would anyone in power think that religious arbitration courts are a good idea for matters traditionally handled unequally by religions like marriage and divorce ? 
  they shouldnt . 
  those people frequently do it in the back of the state . 
   how did they come to exist ? 
  like the mafia , illegally in general . 
  or so i hope . 
   both parties sign a contract beforehand where they agree to be bound to the verdict . 
  that 's illegal in most of europe , signing a contract saying you will sign/do anything you will be told without knowing what it is they intend to ask you .
