   it 's pretty reliable well ; no . 
  the article 's study and many others can point out that no , waitresses gambling their wage for a random income depending on tips is the exact inverse of reliability . 
   but servers are already making really good money . 
  once again you are making generalizations that i do n't believe are true , and which directly contradict the article i just linked . 
  it states :  the subminimum applies to various tipped service sectors ( based essentially on custom ) , ranging from bussers to massage therapists to nail salon technicians generally some of the lowest paid , most precarious jobs . 
   the total wages earned by tipped workers typically add up to about $ 8.75 . 
  that 's not `` good money '' . 
  that 's `` at best maybe around minimal wage '' . 
   `` tipped workers are more than twice as likely to fall under the federal poverty line , and nearly three times as likely to rely on food stamps , as the average worker . '' and no , that 's not good money at all if you have to ask for food stamps . 
   on top of the poverty wages , tipped workers scrape by on part-time shifts that vary by season , often without benefits or a single paid sick day . 
  their workplaces are also fraught with lax labor , poor safety regulation and massive wage theft by exploitative bosses . 
  please read it : https://www.thenation.com/article/213-hour-why-tipped-minimum-wage-has-go/  it 's not an unfair system a system where a working employee risks his wage constantly ; has no security , and will risk homelessness if sick once , can not possibly qualify as `` fair '' . 
   they do n't need to make more money  there is no problem with our system and it seems to benefit everyone involved . 
  wellll errrrrrrrrh . 
  at that point you strike me as willfully blind . 
  that 's trickle down theory , `` let 's abolish the interference and they 'll be more paid '' . 
  the reality is that incomes relying on charity are unreliable , leading in many cases to precarity . 
  you quote a 45 $ / hour like if it were an average while even ignoring my anecdotal life , various studies says it 's far from it : https://www.thenation.com/article/213-hour-why-tipped-minimum-wage-has-go/, 
  long story short , several of them were tied at various degrees to that , but i do n't want to go in details for reasons : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greenpeace_arctic_sunrise_ship_case that diplomatic incident was bad enough without them causing another one at the g20 < _ <, 
  not really . 
  the cash 's in the eu right now so if i want to bet on ukraine rebuilding their economy ; they need to patch in the leaks in their hull ( the corruption stealing all the cash ) then having access to serious cash lines ( and that mean associating then joigning the eu lately so we can transfert them the actual hundreds of billions necessary over the next few decades to bring them back in the first world ) . 
  the ussr 's gone , there 's only brussels to pick up the broken parts now ... 
  does n't have to be oppressed ; but on their own economically speaking , ukraine are in trouble . 
  their economy ca n't cope up being cut from their neighbors . 
  that was n't always the case , and is n't necessarily the case everywhere , for everyone , always . 
  hence my beef with it . 
  honestly i hope the employees can have the best possible income because it can be a hard , ungrateful job even if people do n't realize it ; and i saw it lower in with the tipped minimal wage in , so to me it 's a bad thing . 
  thought crimes ? 
  they were people that assaulted a sea drilling plateform in russian sea and were plotting something stupid and put a banner on their website taunting they would be at paris g20 ; so they got told to stay at home for the duration of the g20 . 
  hardly `` prison for thoughtcrimes '' . 
  it 's also true that those hamburg g20 riots are n't really helping anyone , had no goals , and only did widespread damage . 
  they could have canalized all that energy toward a more helpful goal than just breaking shit as a first resort . 
  well a culture that expect that most of your income is dependant on people giving you tips and not on a wage still seem seriously unhealthy to me . 
  despite the fact that they now should in theory rise you up to minimal wage if you make less ( but that experience taught me they frequently fraud there ) . 
   employers in every state have to pay the federal minimum wage - in this case for tipped employees , $ 2.13 an hour . 
  well 2 $ / hour is still a joke . 
  i 'm not talking about banning the tips , i 'm attacking verbally the culture that is encouraging to rely on tip for paying the worker instead of wages . 
  i 'd love for the `` tipped minimal wage '' to be banned however . 
  docking part ( most ? ), 
  of the pay using tips as an excuse seems evil to me . 
  i did encourage as i could ( politically speaking ) the rising of the minimal wage ( & merging the `` tipped wage '' with it ) wherever i could ( even if i 'm not going to go into details because i do n't want to dox myself ) ; i did not however encouraged banning tips for what it 's worth . 
   lots of places in the usa have experimented with getting rid of tips . 
  attacking the issue by merging the `` tipped minimal wage '' with the normal minimal wage of every other job seem to have worked in most states that did so , no ? 
  to be frank , the reason i side with the worker here is because on average i saw business owners being at least low end millionaires while i saw employee upon employee fucked out of their paycheck . 
  you 'd say i 'm making a movie , but when you hear a third colleague that does n't know how he 'll pay his bills this time because he 's not pulling 200 $ in this month , it 's kindah hard to pretend the issue do n't exist and that it 's all ok the potential low end tax cheat on tips from workers is petty amounts in comparison ( especially compared to the many billion frauds of big corporations like amazon/apple ) ; and the poverty/homelessness in some us states shocked me . 
  guess i 'm terribly bad at living in a `` true free market '' economy if you want and do n't have the same culture , but having large amounts living in the street in a state with no real option and who were just told `` work harder ! '', 
  did n't seemed right to me . 
  ^ ( nah tbh it 's true the service is frequently rude in paris . 
  as a french , sorry for my co citizens . 
   the business is required to pay the min wage if the tipped + base does not exceed the min wage . 
  as i said multiple time , i encountered many businesses that did not did it and manipuled declarations of cash tips to avoid doing so . 
  as a result , i have absolutely no trust in that system . 
   are you in france ? 
  i 'm a french that likes to look how thing works abroad ^ ( and probably because my life in france at the time was also extra shitty tbh ) so i went to america & other places ; but currently i 'm in france yes  hy would tipped workers who do n't report on average 40 % of their tips , are required to be paid a min wage , and who report $ 12.30 / hr ( so does not include the 40 % non-reported tips ) want to do away with tips and work min wage ? 
  because it does not fit with my experience of things . 
  furthermore , the employers respecting the full minimal wage does not prevent customers from tiping their waiters/waitress on top . 
  i would even hazard that on the contrary , if more people have a higher income , more people can tip . 
  ^ ( nah that 's just because we frenchs are annoying stuckup asses . 
  albeit a few extra '' ~ ~ please ~ ~ s ` il vous plait '' and '' ~ ~ thank you ~ ~ merci bien '' can frequently go a long way in paris ), 
   and tipped workers like the system . 
  repeating it 100x with 3 other persons does not make it true and will not invalide my own experience in my eyes ( limited admittedly ; but which holds more value in my eyes as a personnal memory ) . 
  the fact that the west coast still has many successfully restaurant businesses despite the continual enforcement of a full minimal wage also tell me the fact that paying a wage does not `` make it impossible to run a successfully business . '', 
  so , bluntly put , no , i do n't believe you , and will not believe you . 
  and there is n't anything really you can say that will change my mind there . 
  the `` tipped minimal wage '' at 2 $ is an aberration in my eyes . 
  if you mean the extra tiping on top of the minimal wage , then yeah it 'd make sense to let it stay ; but i fully believe the full minimal wage should be enforced on all restaurant jobs . 
  worked for tips , in the us , like 10y ago . 
  prefer having both pay + tips ; than tips alone . 
  ( well now i do something else but i digress ), 
   that would be the fault of greedy employers and uninformed staff . 
  the government is not to blame this logic is faulty ; because the minimal wage was invented as a governmental tool to prevent actively companies from exploiting and defrauding their employees out of a wage . 
  the fact that the republicans ( now in charge of all branches of the government ) are actively lowering it tells me that they intend to use the government to do bad things , likely in favor of their greed . 
  http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/govt-and-politics/senate-grinds-to-a-halt-as-republicans-push-local-minimum/article_23faf181-dcb8-53c8-98b4-dcc9cb7697a1.html  could pretty easy assemble a law suit . 
  many chains are getting sued for wage theft , but it is pretty hard to constantly sue every employers , which is why governmental action in favor of the employees is needed at some point . 
   wtf does that have to do with anything ? 
  are you purposely being obtuse ? 
  i 'm pissed because the `` tipped minimal wage '' is yet another system put in place by the republicans to reduce wages while convincing people they are more paid , and you see nothing wrong with it . 
  from my point of view , it resulted in an actual net & brutal diminishing of income for the workers who have now a 2 $ tipped minimal wage hidden under many layers of propaganda . 
  the last election with trump is now being used to loot ever more cash from society ; minimal wage lowering is a reality in several states ( one you can not deny : http://www.salon.com/2017/07/09/republicans-in-several-states-are-lowering-the-minimum-wage-yes-you-read-that-right/ http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/govt-and-politics/senate-grinds-to-a-halt-as-republicans-push-local-minimum/article_23faf181-dcb8-53c8-98b4-dcc9cb7697a1.html ) , and you 're helping them with dubious arguments in favor of lowering the minimal wage . 
  how can that not make me angry ? 
  yes you are dishonest , and trying to twist the situation . 
  no i 'm not going to apologise for your lies and half truths . 
   from switzerland  you guys will strike over anything that requires any effort . 
  or so say the guy living on mafia money hidden in his fraud haven hahaha sorry , i guess we ca n't all milk stolen money like your leaders or oil like texas, 
   in places where they have tried to get rid of tips , it has not worked out very well . 
  again you are dishonest ; because you confuse the fact that tip are allowed ; and enforcing the minimal wage anyway . 
  the entire westcoast mandate that minimal wages are fully paid regardless of tips ; and works very well thank you very much . 
  i am not advocating to ban tips ; i 'm advocating to enforce the minimal wage regardless of whatever tip the worker can receive . 
   then you either need to find a job you are better at , or reduce your expenses . 
  you forgot the `` and just strap your boots and do n't be poor '' . 
  yes , i 'm sure i 'll just ask the landlord to be cheaper next month . 
  i emigrated temporarily to the us and i had to actually work shit job to pay bills unlike so many of you here . 
  which led me to quickly understand why it 's necessary to have a real ( and livable ) minimal wage and enforce it , btw . 
  that happens about as frequently as a greek business paying their taxes honestly \u00b2 . 
  about never . 
   and what every american keeps repeating is that the salary component of a waitstaff 's income is miniscule compared to what they get in tips . 
  as far as i know that 's a sheer lie and invention on your part . 
  source needed . 
  it was n't a lie what the previous individual said . 
  yes it is lol .
