  - order the gov to legalize them or they will make an outcry about `` how the evil liberal administration iz taking away our guns and just want to oppress us and kill us in our sleep we need our guns to defend ourselves '' . 
  - when that does n't work , try to lobby and/or bribe and/or blackmail such a thing into happening anyway, 
  looks like the nra preachers have been busy . 
  ( `` right to keep and bear arms '' is a republican idiom ; a figure of speech and archaism they repeat in reference to what 's in the us constitution ), 
  turks claiming  everyone i do n't like is a terrorist . 
  anything we did n't already heard ? 
   `` oh but they bombed istanbul recently !, 
  they are terrorists ! '', 
  \\  do we cut to the part where i point out all the mit ( turkish cia ) sleepers that actually run those bombings ops so they can have an excuse to concentrate further power in erdogan 's hands ? 
  haha . 
  not really . 
  calling the so called `` alt right '' a mix of nazis and libertarians is n't an hyperbole . 
  and fillon 's surfing that wave too . 
   does lay off = not replace ? 
  / right ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
   but , but ... 
  i want a moon base !, 
  well ; if you have the money , i ai n't stopping you haha . 
  more seriously it 's true that we really need research in space & drive tech & fusion ; but i do n't expect to see the many-dozens-of-b-a-year kind of budget we 'd need for it anytime soon . 
  especially if fillon gets elected and restart stealing half the money in the country ( he 's already plotting to pocket the entire healthcare budget share & the wages of 500k public workers soo it 's not looking well ... ), 
  what the hell . 
  no i 'm not a trump supporter let alone one of those `` alt right '' zombies , sod off, 
   putting inexperienced clowns in charge of countries is n't an improvement . 
  it 's worse than that . 
  fillon is experienced . 
  in dismantling the country , plundering the budget and selling it to foreign interests . 
   macron and fillon seem fine . 
  no they 're not . 
  `` i 'm going to fire 900 000 public workers and abolish social security and the minimal wage '' are the key words of fillon 's program . 
  that and his stolen vast fortune . 
  guy would make yanukovich proud . 
  he was sarkozy 's right hand thief . 
  as for macron , well how do you feel about trump 's appointment of exxon 's ceo ? 
  yeah ; like that . 
   it 's not like france is already some libertarian paradise . 
  because we did n't let them do it . 
  but you stop watching and you get russia ii economics in a couple years . 
  see also : turkey . 
   that sounds awfully close to the us election hillary was half reasonable . 
  here we got ~ ~ 3 ~ ~ 2 russian bitches and 1 nc bitch too, 
  what a joke . 
   please . 
  read just one of his speeches or opinions and come back to us . 
  le pen : inheritor of the french nazi party ( no , seriously . 
  try whitewashing as you can ... ) . 
  openly funded by the russians . 
  fillon : radical neoliberal that want to abolish all welfare and minimal wage and the public sector and go full ~ ~ juche ~ ~ autarky . 
  basically an ultra radical libertarian . 
  also has [ good ties with russia ] ( https://knightstemplarinternational.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/vladimir-poutine-et-francois-fillon_506091.jpg ) . 
  i suspect him of election fraud in the right wing primaries . 
  he 's also the former prime minister of sarkozy , and likely stole hundreds of millions of euro of government money . 
  he wants to pull a yanukovich macron : rotschild banker . 
  worked for the koch brothers . 
  litterally . 
  the human personification of wall street and us crony capitalism . 
  famous [ for looking down on the average french ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/politique/le-scan/2016/05/31/25001-20160531artfig00239-macron-sur-le-costard-on-ne-tutoie-pas-un-ministre-on-ne-l-invective-pas.php ) like , is there no sane candidate around ? 
  australia runs a concentration camp on that isle , so no . 
  flat no . 
  but as of now , i suspect dropping them free in north africa instead of europe would go a long way, 
   ` help save their lives ' if they drop them back in north africa that 's not a problem however ; the current problem as identified is when they cross to europe specifically, 
  interesting  frontex also criticised charities for failing to help with investigations into people smuggling by refusing to collect leftover evidence from rescued boats . 
  `` we have an obligation to help save their lives , not perform the duties of security agencies , '' said save the children , which has rescued 2,400 people in october and november . 
  that 's a problem . 
  the ngo should help cooperate to identify smugglers to put an end to their operation . 
  we should be building refugee places in libya if the situation is getting off hand there . 
  secondly , they should be droppping migrants back there , which would actively reduce the honey pot situation . 
  interesting , thank you, 
  that 's one way to reuse space tech haha, 
  that 's ... actually a good point . 
  never thought of it . 
  that 's the kind of market that need to be opened with an unified supervision indeed, 
   lol , tying every bad thing to erdogan is a desperate thing you got to admit that a law abolishing the pm and any power of the parliament and giving all powers in the country to the president appearing 1d after a huge terror attack is kind of a peliculiar timing . 
  to be fair , crack downs on `` dirty capitalist science '' is nothing new . 
  their loss , we 'll get all the bright ones because they wo n't be able to go to the university in russia anymore if this goes on . 
  ^ ^ ^ sorry ( more seriously , i hope that will confort them in the fact that we 're not trying to sneak millions illegally in their back ... ), 
  ah , good luck , 
  i think you can already get partial gallileo service . 
  that said there are n't enough sats yet up there for full precision ; so your phone compensate by mixing with info from cell and gps service, 
   finally . 
  now if only my phone supported it . 
  that said do n't bother too much before a couple years , because it 'll probably need more satellites up there before your average phone can get the precision advertised on the ads but yeah it 's good news that it 's finally well on track , 
  that is the most bizarre looking magnet ever haha, 
   thus sci fi , in some ways , drives forward our real technological capacity as a race . 
  pretty much . 
  plenty of tech has roots in science fiction before being studied whether it was possible to build something like it in the real world ( '' * hey this looks cool . 
  is it possible ? * '' ) . 
  satellites for example ( if you ever used a gps ... ) . 
  tv & computers . 
  that said , hats off to the scientists that build that reactor ( and in fact turned our average joe copied abstract into something real ) . 
  knowing fusion plants are possible and actually having the tech to order manufacturing of them at political level are 2 different worlds . 
  seriously ? 
  like we 're going to deny black people exist now ? 
  that 's an interesting list ; and a lot of that could likely be fixed with proper funding ( and it 's possible trying to find out where the missing money is might help and lead to interesting stuff ), 
  nice work, 
  congratulations to ukraine & georgia , 
  the problem is that it does n't . 
   businesses and people are able to borrow more and spend less to repay their debts . 
  and no they ca n't really . 
  because people ca n't pay for stuff in the first place , so they can even less repay a loan with interests on top of it . 
  even one over 10 years .
