  if you think you can just push everyone to live on scrap while telling them `` by the rule of capitalism it 's all mine , miiine ! '', 
  it 's going to blow up in your face one of those day . 
   labour ca n't magically become more valuable , and resources do n't go up just because people have more cash . 
  actually if nobody has any cash to spend because a group of people keep it all out of the general population 's hands , the economy stalls . 
  it 's currently happening already . 
   why do you think they are there ? 
  because we called them there to lessen the economic crisis in ireland ~ ~ and since dell was crashing due to retarded shareholders politics we had the opportunity to pick them up in exchange of them owing us one ? ~ ~  in 2015 the uk over took you lol not really . 
  i think the uk even partly wants to leave due to authoritarian france using it 's position to give too much orders for it 's liking . 
   tax evasion through corruption is n't enticing to big companies . 
  tax `` evasion '' is just a fancy name for legalized tax fraud & corruption . 
  it 's in britain . 
  it 's up to them to integrate . 
  not the other way around . 
  they have no right by english law to block that nomination as far as i understand ? 
  now remove 15-20 % to the popularity of putin & his gov on this graphic , and you 'd be pretty much in reality . 
  which would still make envious a lot of politicians , but a lot less higher beyond super-putin propaganda . 
  beside what can happen when you have skyhigh max popularity & it 's not entirely based on reality but a lot of hype ? 
  well , it can only go one way . 
   not even sure why they 're putting it to a vote . 
  to see throught the propaganda bs what the population really wants in majority . 
  it 's a vote of confidence , whether deep down they support the eu or the more independantist uk authorities, 
   vat is charged at the point of sale , you 're getting confused again about corporation tax . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/dec/22/tax-officials-investigate-amazon-ebay-vat-fraud-overseas-sellers  you 're retarded , find a single example of large companies evading personal income tax , the tax paid by their employees . 
  the ones earning the bulk of the money ( ceo , shareholders , etc ) all stash it abroad off the book . 
  the wages of workers are only a small percent of the cash flow nowadays . 
   a ) skilled workers are paid well , unskilled labourers arent because any dick off the street can do it . 
  but that dick off the street need to eat too . 
  if you do n't pay him enough to have a roof , do n't wonder why there are shanty towns poping up in london 's outskirts . 
  and if you import million of unskilled pakistanis workers as cheap ( borderline unpaid ) undeclared work like corporations colluded to do in the 60 's after the end of their indian colony & the associated exploitation , then maybe you are part of the problem . 
   b ) stashing trillions abroad is using emotive language and you know it , no it 's not . 
  but we 're at the point where nobody believes how much money exists in our society since it all disappear abroad and nobody apart a few ever see the color of it . 
  and that 's one of the biggest issues of our society . 
   d ) corporation tax is a tax on profit and can never work here 's my answer just as backed : `` lol '' . 
   the uk has the economy it does because it is one of the tax havens of europe ah the russian economic argument . 
  `` if you remove the oligarchs , what remains ? '' . 
  pray tell , what was the western answer to that . 
  put a minimal wage . 
  rise wages . 
  stop stealing all the money . 
  collect taxes . 
  root out gov-wide & countrywide corruption . 
  rebuild the public service that was dismantled . 
  the infra and housing that was sold for quick money . 
  etc * etc etc  ireland has similar growth because of the same . 
  ireland do happen to have some it industry actually by some tiny miracle ( dell & all the ones orbiting around , which attracted actual r&d offices of some other tech giants very recently ) . 
  edit : i mean , their gdp growth litterally come from dell ~ ~ just after we picked back the company and convinced michael dell to recover it from big finance ~ ~ : http://www.finfacts.ie/irishfinancenews/article_1028474.shtml http://www.finfacts.ie/irishfinancenews/article_1025198.shtml  other countries , like france , moan about evil capitalists exploiting the proletariat of france because they dont want to pay high levels of tax and somehow we 're nearly richer than you . 
  questions ? 
  :-p  this is why france 's economy is stagnating while other sane countries are growing steadily . 
  no , it 's stagnating because we have a foreign policy problem ( well more that one in fact ) that 's currently draining ressources at an absurd rate . 
  we spent additionnal cash as fast as we made it since a few years . 
  but a lot of it was investing in neighbors or various projects or cycling in welfare so i do n't think it 's entirely `` wasted '' . 
  but spending dozens of billions under the table routinely like in greece or spain or elsewhere definitely start taking it 's toll in the budget . 
   if they dont change their mind they can get left behind , and it 's their own fault . 
  if collecting taxes & not helping crass fraud `` because it helps the economy '' is `` staying behind '' , then we 'll gladly `` stay behind '' from your own pov . 
  because , the inevitable and unavoidable result of tolerating evasion then the following ultra corruption is greece , ukraine and ultra poverty . 
   and the eurozone not killing non-eurozone economies in achieving that . 
  i can understand that much and truly hope we wo n't end up with another situation like greece . 
  that really was an economical disaster . 
   and decisions for the currency should n't apply to non-eurozone members if they do n't want them to . 
  true , that much would be reasonable in a number of cases . 
   clear ? 
  a lot clearer, 
   but there are no explicit protections against the eu as a whole being used to support the ( very real and sensible . . ) needs of the eurozone in a manner that harms the ability of non-eurozone countries to manage their economies and currencies . 
  sorry to be so aggressive , but it reminds me of the russian demands to be `` protected against ukraine joigning the eu '' . 
  the rest of the eu has their own sovereignty that does not and should not be answerable to the uk , sorry . 
  either you are in the eurozone currency area and can pick in for legislation related or , or you are out and you do n't decide for the euro currency policy . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  once again the uk wants all of the rights but none of the chores . 
  they are quite heavily linked . 
  that 's how the congress sabotage everything in the usa : by cutting funds to any and everything with crappy defacto vetos, 
   thats not how tax avoidance works , and i am specifically not talking about corporation tax . 
  i 'm talking about the taxes which they can not avoid or even realistically evade paying such as vat obviously you have n't followed closely since corporations were n't even paying the vat largely since they all declared it as paid abroad like in ireland or luxembourg where it 's about nil ( if not then redeclared behind in bermuda where it 's simply null . ) . 
   and personal income tax . 
  yeah right . 
  they were n't paying that one either . 
   corporation tax makes no sense anyway , it should be abolished . 
  lol . 
  `` helping redistribute some of the colossal wealth corporations with taxes have makes no sense . 
  it 's perfectly normal to have corporations stashing trillions abroad [ while shanty towns are in the rise in the uk because the average worker is less and less likely to be able to afford even housing above their head ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/10148597/lets-stop-pretending-that-a-shanty-town-in-london-is-a-big-surprise.html ) '' ( because supposedly there is no money left to pay them ) is that it ? . 
  on the other hand that does n't quite answer the question , since the likely possibility in the immediate is that the uk stay . 
  also , the uk have in the draft the concession that they can stay out of an ever closer union no problem . 
  and what would be your interpretation ? 
  i 've heard widely different interpretation of that `` veto '' demand dependant who you ask in the uk and who they think they are talking to . 
  last i heard , the demand was for a veto right blocking eu legislation on uk decision . 
  there 's a couple main groups tho : - saa ( syrian regime , with a lot of iranian and russian help , some afghan and shia militia and hezbollah backing them too ) - fsa ( the `` rebels '' ) . 
  mainly in to fight assad , but also fight daesh when they happen to meet - the islamists radicals hijacking the fsa ( nusra , jaysh al islam , ... ) . 
  al nusra is the most famous of those groups , and currently offered allegience to al qaeda ( yes , that one al qaeda ) . 
  - the sdf ( a coalition where there is a military majority kurd , some former fsa and a lot of locals arabs & assyrians & turkmen aligned with them . 
  the main group supported by western countries and one of the more moderate & reasonable by far . 
  turkey hate them tho because turkey accuse them of supporting the pkk separatist group in southern turkey , with which it is at war . 
  to be fair a lot of the best kurdish fighters in the sdf are * former * pkk , but turkey is still quite aggressive ) they 're neutral toward most other factions apart the islamists/daesh ( the last one being fought on sight ) - daesh ( isis , isil , `` islamist state '' , the well known death cult ) and the foreign powers backing all that : - western countries ( led by the usa and eu ) & coalition , backing mostly the sdf . 
  before that there was some backing for the rebels , but they failed to separate from islamists hard liners in the north ( in fact getting closer and closer ) so they gradually lost support due to that - iran , backing the saa - russia , backing the saa - turkey , backing the islamists and fsa ( and before that isis , but apparently that ceased ) - the gulf council countries ( qatar , saudi arabia , ... ) backing the islamists and a bit the fsa . 
  some nationals from those countries illegally back isis tho and here , aleppo that was in fsa hands is falling in saa . 
  saa is moving from north-east towards north & east aleppo . 
  so the town of aleppo used to be one of the biggest syrian cities , and it is near the border with turkey , so civilians are largely fleeing the combats head toward turkey or idlib ( another big town in rebels/islamists hands south west of aleppo ) . 
  there was an attempt to negociate a peace or cease fire between the rebels and the gov , but mainly the rebels stalled it because they did n't felt like negociating while being on the loosing side , and now they 're loosing aleppo . 
  the sdf and saa are in cease fire . 
  daesh fights everyone . 
  hopes that clarify the whole thing a bit . 
  edit : and here 's a map of who control the area .
