  both seems to have advantage and inconvenient . 
  the rest of the eu acts a stabilizer for euro ( currency ) inflation . 
  which mean with the crisis if make a poor choice and we want to overspend let 's say 3 % deficit and a massive 200b quietly seized from corporate corruption vault to pay the latest surprize bills we ca n't foot , and even if we do it in loop for 5 years , it 's not going to cause crazy ultra inflation like zimbabwe . 
  yeah it could piss off the wall street economy and cause the balkanys or bouygues to plot our murder in our sleep at some point , but they already hate us for being socialists anyway . 
  and for the time being we 're likely to keep papering over every problem with ( very ) large amounts of cash & raw power/ressources since we 're a bit running out of options . 
  it 's very bad policy but well . 
  while if we have trouble and make the same overspending mistake with the franc , and keep doing it , even without the stupid mistakes of any bad regime , ultrainflation could murder our economy like venezuella . 
  so in doubt let 's not tinker too much with the critical parts of the french system when it 's still vaguely working . 
  plus i 'm not sure we would n't screw up big time the transition from euro to franc in one manner or another ( something i fear the fn would do ) . 
  and that would be a collossal political setback to leave the eurozone currency especially without being in an horrible situation like greece or spain . 
   if fucking switzerland can have its won currency and be prosperous , why not france ?!, 
  because we should n't all try to be mafia countries built upon cartel & fraud money stolen from our neighbors & laundered there  what number are you saying that is connected with calais specifically though ? 
  surely you are not saying that is eur 6 bn ? 
  i 'm talking about every costs we shoulder in relation to the english channel crisis , that we would n't have if we just gave them all train tickets to the uk and looked the other way innocently balkan style . 
  something we still largely avoided i think . 
   i 'm not aware of anyone going directly from libya to france . 
  hidden under the table too . 
  it 's a rather straigth line in a boat accross the meditteranean , even if longer than italy . 
   surely they come via italy ? 
  that too largely of course . 
  the entire southern coast of europe really . 
  from spain to greece . 
   this is a shame for democracy . 
  i agree to some degree . 
  on the other hand we can all watch the destabilization ongoing on the middle east and it 's potential results if it 's go too far out of hand . 
  i think the question the gov is facing is that , long term , what is best for french and eu citizens under french governement responsability , our reputation and petty politics not withstanding ? 
  : / hollande knows the ps is likely toast at the next elections anyway ( and even if it was n't he 's toast himself ) , so it 's not for personnal interest he 's doing that . 
  might as well not sink the boat by sheer spit . 
   using fake schengen compliance passsports and using ee mafia , i would have thought that france would want to control its borders . 
  yeah , but unless they 're actively sought after like terrorists , it 's not that simple to identify `` fake '' passeports at first glance ( especially one manufactured by a legit press ) when they try to take a train ticket from a neighboring eu country ...  the fishing boats are not really your responsibility ( although i am sure you do not want french shipping boards and french fishermen involved in smuggling ) , however , this is a tiny minority of the problem . 
  well . 
  it 's already ongoing if you look closely : http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/624966/fisherman-ferried-illegal-immigrants-to-uk http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/486911/migrants-travelling-to-uk-across-the-channel-in-makeshift-boats-and-dinghys http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/11975436/french-fisherman-held-for-smuggling-migrants-to-uk-in-rubber-dinghy.html http://www.plymouthherald.co.uk/french-fishermen-accused-smuggling-immigrants/story-21268159-detail/story.html it 's limited , but if we crack down on proper/visible housing , hidding and boats will become the easier way for them , and instead of heading toward sangatte & sleeping there they would skip it altogether for risk of getting arrested . 
   the british navy has experience with stopping people invading by sea . 
  true , but it 's a number game nowaday . 
  greece has experience since forever too and , even with large reinforcments and now turkey starting to stop the smugglers , they 're swamped ... 
   most if not all go to spain or italy then across land . 
  i do n't doubt the pyrenees/alps are hard to patrol but they are no doubt equally hard to cross . 
  not really sadly when you know all the secret roads which it seems the smugglers took their time to chart ...  also every country has to patrol their border day and night , regardless of weather ... that is normal for any nation state . 
  yeah but most countries do n't have to face a refugee crisis generated by a serie of wars like we currently do  the med in my experience has 2 states : flat as a pancake and `` omg we ca n't baton down the hatches the wind ripped them off '' sorry if i exagerated . 
  tho it would appear logistically simpler to me to patrol only the english channel vs if you had to patrol the entire length of your coasts and half of them were mountains . 
  imagine if all of scotland and ireland and nordics wanted to go in and where all very poor . 
   to see france make poor decisions , like joining the euro and joining schengen making closer alliances with our neighbors in collective interest for long term stability and prosperity does n't exactly seem to qualify as `` poor decision '' . 
  blamming constantly your neighbors for everything or gchq helping the nsa spy on our gov & own services , or constantly undermining the eu & everything pushed by paris/berlin recently was perceived as such tho . 
   eur7bn seems a bit large to me . 
  sorry , it 's a guesstimate number ~ ~ because the government carefully concealed any official numbers to prevent a political disaster incoming with the fn , a bit like the germans did in cologne ~ ~ i asked and got orally an estimation so no precise source . 
  it did include everything from police presence to the weights on the system ( funded ngo etc ) to social costs incured etc. 
  it 's been kind of spiking recently . 
  you can argue that the number is pulled out of my ass , fair 's fair , but i 'll draw a comparison if you allow me using public numbers : https://euobserver.com/justice/129861 similarly the 7b is the official eu refugee crisis number . 
  but as you likely know , 2/3 of the real crisis spending is n't spent officially by the eu but by individual countries on the side of it . 
  like germany officially spent already 6.6 b : www.nbcnews.com/storyline/europes-border-crisis/billions-migrants-germany-spend-6-6b-800-000-newcomers-n422811 and together with them the target was officially 10b : http://www.politico.eu/article/french-german-ministers-want-e10-bn-eu-security-refugee-fund/ ( already beaten of course ; like all targetted asylum numbers ) then a lot of funds are unofficially allocated to help reduce official numbers ( by for example letting ngo handle official gov functions and funding them to do it instead ) . 
  i 'll let you make your own estimation if you do n't trust mine , knowning that france 's contribution is one of the large contributors to that official eu crisis budget and we 're handling the bottleneck to one of the primary immigration targets , the uk ; and that most of our spending started in the last 6 months with the ramp up of the immigration crisis . 
  it is true we 're partly to blame , that 's true , but the uk 's attitude to just toss 2 millions and call it a day and constantly bash france is exactly why the authorities stopped giving a crap in the first place . 
   the uk government has given the french government money to help protect calais . 
  i am sure you know this ? 
  pennies to the ~ ~ dollar ~ ~ euro . 
  just the latest close camp installed to the jungle to process some of the refugees interested in asylum cost more than that alone to just build : http://www.wsj.com/articles/eu-to-spend-5-6-million-on-new-calais-migrant-camp-1441031968 then you got to staff it . 
  you got to supply them , pay utilities , hundreds , sometime thousands of cops to secure the area , their risk bonus obviously , retirement , call in social services , food every day for so many people , etc. 
  it pills up , quickly . 
  then one day you hear one guy managed to slip at night throught the police net and blocked the tunnel for 24h and the uk are yelling again and the [ ukip talk about trying to push the uk army to take control of calais `` to handle the emergency for the frenchs '' . 
  ] ( https://www.rt.com/op-edge/311181-calais-migrants-uk-military/ ) , right . 
  ; so you have to find another 500 cops and rush them in . 
   why do you let them into your country in the first place ? 
  surely you must be asking yourself that question ? 
  some of them ca n't really be turned away because they are actual refugees and we 're the first country along the road ( libya :\\ \\ ) . 
  lots of them enter it illegally . 
  like by spanish mountains . 
  and patroling those a huge headhache . 
  then there are those coming illegally from italy , and now a large number of advanced fake paper in circulation because apparently smugglers found passeport making machines in turkey and use those to manufacture fake shengen-compliant passeports in large numbers and use mafia in eastern europe to get those nearly in system . 
  then you could argue `` well arrest everyone in calais '' . 
  so , do we start checking in the basement and underdecks of every single fishermen boat every week ? 
  because that 's what it would take to root them all out if they are getting underground due to a crackdown . 
  then a lot more would actually make it to the uk because we 'd have more urgent things to do in reality . 
  edit : fixed links, 
   france can take them there . 
  ahh the usual friendly neighbors attitude of `` it 's your problem deal with it we do n't give a crap about anything that happen to anyone else '' . 
   this is france we are talking about , one of the most powerful and wealthy countries in the world . 
  not some banana republic , but france !, 
  true we made it filthy rich haha . 
  but the problem is a lot of them do n't even want to stick in france even when offered asylum . 
  i 'm not joking . 
  so we have to 1 \u00b0 ) push them rather in something build decently instead of a shanty town to prove them it 's viable to stay 2 \u00b0 ) quietly communicate names to the uk so they can refuse them asylum if they do manage to cross illegally 3 \u00b0 ) maintain the border closed ourselves because everything that happends will inevitably be blamed on us anyway 4 \u00b0 ) push people to resettle elsewhere once they get a year letter they 're not going to pass either way 5 \u00b0 ) do n't try keeping/deporting everyong by force because it 's never going to work anyway & they would just go more underground like they did even before leading to even more illegal immigration in the uk & more social problem everywhere . 
  \\ - so let me get this straigth : in the last 6 months we found & budgeted & already used 7 billions euros ( 7 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 $ ) to keep that border closed and address uk migration complains . 
  and as you can imagine we will have to keep finding more and keep paying the bills which you still wo n't give us a dime for either . 
  which as you can imagine is not cheap in our current economic situation which is still worse than the uk banking system pumping cash away from us . 
  so asking nicely , can you stop yelling at us for a second and/or eventually give us a hand instead of just haughtily dismissing everything we do as lazy & stop titling everything in the press as `` france litterally responsible for anything happening to the uk '' ; which already kindah pills up upon the other weekly public comments the uk gov on the eu/france and sovereignty things ? 
   because sangatte is a pull factor . 
  no , the uk is the pull factor . 
  something no french as any control upon . 
  sangatte is a last stop before the uk we can try to convince people to stop in . 
  or we can shoo them away but then they 'll keep bribing fishermen and anyone with a boat to hide them and smuggle them in by night stormy days . 
   you said france has little control of its borders , i was saying if we can stop em crossing the channel its not harder for france stopping em cross the med your comparison is plainly ridiculous . 
  we have about 3000 km of border to watch , by day & night , whether it 's good weather or horrible storm or snowy . 
  including half of them as mountain passes which is downright horrible to patrol and watch and other unfriendly reliefs even sometime near the coasts like unstable cliffs moving everywhere . 
  the uk have to watch about 250km in a single line between them and france , of only plate water that is rarely that stormy due to being a channel ; and where you can simply park half your coast guard navy in a defacto blockade and call it a day . 
   the mayor wants the authorities to wrest control of the camp from the people-smugglers and put an aid agency in charge . 
  agreed , we should . 
   many of whom were ethnic albanians who drove uk-registered cars and held british passports . 
  well we know where to start the investigation to dismantle the network . 
  come on , we just ca n't do anything right with you ? 
  that camp was opened close to the jungle with the hope of pushing people away from the jungle to the close camp .
