  either way , what with the sovereignty row ongoing with the uk , the uk gov is better positionned to act on that issue than bruxelles . 
  that 's definitely a problem too . 
  i can only hope the uk will decide to ban the use of any antibiotics in farm animals on any non-sick animal . 
   we see in europe the signs of the rise of the fundamentalist far right that we have already experienced in our country . 
  it is true that we do need to prevent the rise of nusra-like ( al qaeda grade ) islamism like it happened in algeria ( or like how the islamist so called `` muslim brotherhood '' organization went so full retard it recently caused the fall of a few month old fresh democracy in egypt ) . 
  hmmm would there be any way to put civil rights campaigns in their communities or antiradicalization preachers everywhere ( steal the islamists ' / ksa 's own thunder ) in the middle east . 
  damn , a bit like antifas but in countries that are n't western . 
  ~ ~ ( well in syria/iraq there 's the pyd&ypg / j and in iraq even the dreaded pkk but in other countries ... ) ~ ~ plus , if we want to protect the civilians we will have to crack down on the actual few rare criminals / people who assault others who slipped in ; and the isis-level fundamentalists like anjem choudary or the assholes who run `` shariah courts '' and other radicals sponsorised by the saudis . 
  and i do n't like this either but that mean we might have to triage people to find the extremists & kick them out , and possibly slow down the flow of refugees one way or another . 
  edit : the irony . 
  the cold war was against the soviets . 
  now if the russians do n't restart shit ; the next `` new '' cold war might well be against the radical intolerent islamists extremists & extreme right . 
  hey that looks pretty nice . 
  good luck to bulgaria  do you support to be able to vote remotely by electronic means for the elections and referenda ? 
  i hope you guys do have in mind some form of controls or transparency measures to prevent fraud tho, 
   about roma people - you are wrong - we really don \u00b4 t like them for reason - i mean majority of employed population here really dislike them and see them as leeches . 
  and the english see polish people as leeches too . 
  seriously , i 'm not joking . 
  they constantly comment about how foreigners `` steal our jerbs and welfare and our bread '' . 
  day long . 
  do that mean it 's true ? 
  * i do n't think so . 
  *  i am half year unemployed and receive 0 euros . 
  well that 's definitely a problem . 
  you should be paid by the state , since you had paid or will pay later unemployment taxes if you work . 
   factory which has now 8 thousand employees - yes knew technology , machines - but that factory had 3-4x as many people - it resulted that many people were doing almost , , nothing , , yes . 
  so at that point , better people get paid staying at home like you do now . 
  and then you can do something better with your life than trying to find a place in a factory elsewhere , do n't you agree ? 
  i mean , imagine you have to go to the factory just to sleep on a desk day long . 
  it 's better for society you do n't even waste gasoline and a car just to come and sleep on the factory desk . 
  you might as well do it at home . 
  and if you 're at home , you might as well do yourself a favor like learning something else , or doing something you like or going back to school etc. 
   but for many people who work hard from 8-18 and are stuck in traffic jams in big cities and pay taxes well are not happy they must work and some people just sit around and doesn \u00b4 t even look for work . 
  yeah , but the reason you are n't paid is likely because corrupt officials in the state government steal your ( and everyone 's else ) unemployment money . 
  not because other people are sitting at home . 
   and some people just sit around and doesn \u00b4 t even look for work . 
  as you point out : - there is no work for a lot of people - there is even less work for roma people - and as i can point out , giant , colossal amounts of money are stolen in europe . 
  ( seriously fraud in europe is in the multi billions $ range , every single year ) so , if the money reappeared , people like you or the roma could both get paid as long as a ton of other things . 
  that 's why i think instead of focusing on blamming the roma we should just recover the stolen tax money that should have been reserved for welfare . 
  well where do you think the money to pay for the debts , migrants/refugees , crisis or operations and anything under the sun really come from ? 
  :-p spoiler : taxes in europe , fighting corruption , evasion , etc. 
  excellent . 
  that way we 'll be able to compare with known real profits and do sanity checks too and fix it faster . 
   glad the french state is martyring someone with more credibility than them . 
  the french legal equivalent of one count of public disorderly conduct for being the ring leader of a `` protest '' with baseball bats , truly a martyr ... 
   but huge majority of immigrants from eastern europe in the uk are young people who went there to work and earn money - not to be leeches - i fully know that much . 
  and so did the roma when they moved in westward . 
  but people always find the one poor scapegoat group at the bottom of the barrel in their country they want to call leech and blame for everything . 
  you 'd hear what some german or balkan officials said about the average greek you 'd be horrified . 
   you are wrong about romas - yes they are not only lazys - the system right now works for them - i heard the same sentance about the greeks litterally word for word . 
  so i will pick that statement and put it in my mental trash bin . 
   if they say something nice about them 90 % of voters will just bash them and hate them , if they say something wrong - well all those ngo \u00b4 s will bash them about political correctness and milion other things . 
  sooo , less speaking and more quiet social action maybe ? 
  i dunno , jobs offers with a bit of positive discrimination ( for example government employ that favorise roma resumes at equal resume ) , free training in some needed jobs to make their resume more attractive , that kind of things ? 
   but they need to do at least something - like community help or whatever low paid unskilled jobs - and that 's how in france extreme right people wanted to force ( litterally ) unpaid jobs on anyone under welfare . 
  once again , bad idea . 
  sorry but the futur does not include full employment , let alone forced employment like during the glorious soviet invasions . 
   it \u00b4 s really stupid that he can receive money without working there enough time or let \u00b4 s sa yi work there 2 months and then receive half year money - the fact that the welfare system is buggy does not mean we should abolish it . 
  especially in the light of facts that a lot of jobs are disappearing like field tending hand working peasantry disappeared at the dawn of the industrial era . 
   i can give you example what i mean i am half your without job - i don \u00b4 t need it but i receive 0 euros from state - i have no right - i am perfectly o.k with it if i don \u00b4 t pay taxes and other stuff - why should i get something in return sorry , i honestly do n't understand what you tried to write here . 
  : x you 're missing half the words in your sentances . 
  can you reformulate ? 
   this is the problem with maghrebis in your country we do n't really have a welfare fraud problem in france ( well if there is one it is that we do n't hand over enough welfare to some people and should pay them more but i digress ) . 
  we do have a social integration problem tho ( read : violence & uneducated people & kids who do n't know what to do with their life and do n't feel french but have nowhere else to go )  pakistanis in uk that 's for two reasons : employers imported them by the millions by promising well paid jobs then did n't really paid them at all but offered only shit illegal unemployment . 
  then they left them on the margins of society to build their own other country within the country where some people do n't even speak english and where kids do n't attend normal school training . 
   hey , do n't pretend france does n't have it 's fair share of militant racists and it 's all evil germany 's fault they recruited on facebook & twitter german members due to their past experience in `` rough protests '' in germany that made headlines . 
   but perpetual localized ethnic violence is going to keep the `` state of emergency '' as the new normal for a long time to come . 
  if you call everyone that disagree with you as `` stinky retarded foreigners '' and support pegida 's violent action when they import and pay people to come from other countries to attack a migrant camp with baseball bats ; that sure does n't presage well . 
  fortunately for us most people in france do n't seem to think like you do . 
  the difference is we have a somewhat working police , security and justice , that do deal with common rights ( do n't attack your neighbors , do n't harass people etc ) as one of their priority . 
   someone commits a horrendous act like a rape or a beating because of race or ethnicity then they go to jail . 
   and eventually everyone is up in arms ready to kill each other . 
  then i guess attempted murder risks prison too . 
   if you think it 's new , you have n't been paying attention to human history . 
  paying attention does n't mean we should let pegida pay people to come from germany & poland just to start an armed riot & sack in calais ' camp just because they do n't like migrants . 
  i could almost speak about organized cells plotting an attack on calais despite being repeatedly warned by the police not to do it ; but since we 're nice and do n't want martyrs we 're not going to go for those charges and only failing to disperse when asked . 
   do you want to bet your state of emergency is in fact the new normal ? 
  what , because it was 3 months then it is prolongated another 2 months ? 
  `` the new normal '' ? 
  and once again this protest thing has nothing to do with the state of emergency . 
   before it 's lifted there 's going to be another attack , well i hope not . 
  but thanks for hinting that obviously the french gov must be working with daesh / s edit : lol at insta -4 result on my other post . 
  wow your post is completely off the chart and full of bad `` info '' . 
   french government is prolonging the `` state of emergency '' under which they can ban all protests / public gatherings . 
  that has n't had anything to do with a state of emergency ; pegida was banned because they hinted the protest was a cover up to go to the migrant camp with thousands of people and start a riot there to intimidate ( well , beat ) as many migrants as they could . 
  we do n't need that kind of bullshit right now . 
   hey did n't ban the previous pro open borders protest that took place the previous week in calais that 's not true , but hey let 's make up stuff that 's it ? 
   ( those shitty disgusting , kids with dirty hair and stinky clothes , with no job or future who protest anything from global warming to nuclear power ) clearly your post scream of reason . 
  any of your political opponent is now a `` shitty disgusting kid with dirty hair and stinky clothes '' ? 
  seems totally reasonable / s  and helped criminals more partiality obviously  so pegida ( `` the far-right group of racists '' ) held a peaceful protest the article point out confiscated weaponry but yeah `` peaceful protests '' with tazers and baseball bats . 
   it might get into sporadic localized civil war in the next 5-10 years ; is it your wet dream ? 
   another thing i said a few months ago was that france is increasingly going to emulate a state like irak under saddam xd litterally ~ ~ hitler ~ ~ saddam !, 
  because obviously we 're kindah gazing people by millions already like saddam did / s. 
  `` vote fn totally not nazis to refuse the ps nazis ! '', 
  has kind of an hilarious ring now that you think about it . 
   obviously i am talking about government surveillance and limiting of rights , not the brutality that saddam was capable of . 
  then it would n't be saddam because that guy could ` nt have found his arsehole if it was pointed to him . 
  maybe more something like v for vendetta according to your theories . 
   france is in fact prolonging the state of emergency once again , dispersing people coming with bats to start a war in a place with thousands of people has nothing to do with whatever state of emergency . 
  that kind of `` protests '' would be stopped with or without such emergency status .
