  not their first time either ... you 'd think they 'd know not to go there after the first time edit : hopes he gets out of it in one piece , but that does n't look pretty, 
   i heard boris johnson has french citizenship . 
  lol that would have been hilarious in the brexit context where europe is the axis of evil according to daily mail ; but not as far as i know . 
  he has english and us dual citizenship ; and the french citizenship laws preclude having more than another one at the same time than the french as far as i know . 
  edit : you might have heard it from grandma-mail-conspiracy-rumors because he speaks some french, 
   europe needs leaders with vision i think a lot of people are warry of more radical `` visions '' and all the collateral damages it can bring sometime . 
  one step at a time . 
  that said , hollande wo n't manage re election ( that 's painfully obvious ) . 
  the questions is who is going to be elected next ( current polls suggest alain jupp\u00e9 ) . 
  ... that whole article looks like a propaganda piece made from whole cloth . 
  i mean , complete with even totally unrelated picture ( not in france , not from the event , not from a molotov or even consulate or anything ) : * this file photo dated march 20 , 2016 shows a pkk tent erected in central brussels during migration summit between turkey and eu . 
  ( takvim photo ) * and a constant repetition of the word `` pkk '' . 
  btw i did n't knew the turks where that competent because after having the tak take credit for an isis terror attack in the first place ; they now `` know '' it 's  pro-pkk attacks when  french police continues its investigation to catch the aggressors and if that is true odds are it 's fn-friendly right wing extremists that hate turkey in the first place for being muslim ( the same idiots that routinely burns their neighbors ' car or tried to molotov housing for the formerly homeless in paris xvi days ago ) edit : there are notes of a handful of molotov being thrown , touching concrete and basically nothing happened ( no damages , no casualties , nothing . 
  des investigations \u00e9taient en cours dimanche apr\u00e8s-midi quick & dirty translation  the turkish consulate in nantes was targeted during the night between saturday 5 and sunday 6 nov by molotov cocktail throwing ; that did no victims nor any damages according to police sources . 
  the incendiary bottles where thrown on the unopened building facade shortly before midnight . 
  police moved quickly on the location . 
  investigations where going on sunday afternoon, 
  the daily mail is seeing things because they forget their meds ; ds is simply making things up half the time, 
   expressing fury at rampant corruption . 
  : / does he have an anti corruption wish list ? 
   odessa region is being handed over not only to corrupt people , but also to enemies of ukraine , that 's certainly concerning . 
   but others will point to his own insatiable appetite for political office . 
  well if it was only appetite for a job he would n't leave it , arguably . 
   he said `` they declare brazenly that they have billions in cash alone , and on top of that they get state aid - from those very pensioners who collect their last kopecks with shaking hands to avoid dying of hunger '' . 
  that 's a problem , yes . 
  is n't it time to recover some of that stolen money to fund the social system and pensions ? 
  wow , the guardian truly hates may and they are already comparing her to litterally hitler . 
  haha wtf they could have done a reasonable article on the huge social problems brought in by the torycons ( ^ ( like the nhs sabotage to attempt to buy it for a crumb of bread ; or the countrywide union busting movement backed by corporate bribery and a damn stubborn thatcher , or the destroyed social protections like unemployment ; labour inflitrated by their men posing as blairites , state companies sold for scraps ; trump 's extreme sexism/racism , societywide poverty issues , inane housing prices , ukip spreading blatant lies on the side of trucks , the sun blatantly lying on migrants , etc ) ) ; but this kind of massive exageration on nazism and pile of superlatives in german disserve them . 
  \\ - they do have major points on poland or trump ; but starting an article by '' * godwin 's law does not apply in dangerous times . 
  if you want to hear echoes of today 's threats against liberal democracy , turn to nazi germany . 
  * '' is so cheesy it kinds of ruins your credibility there . 
  even if i bought that the prime minister would secretly turns out to be darth may biding her time for her palpatine power-hungry moment , i would have a hard time picturing her going for the the gratuitous extreme cruelty of the nazi regime . 
  ( now i 'm not saying that some in the tory party beyond are n't white christian power wingnuts but most people know who they are i think ), 
  most of that money actually went to the state & policy accounts , sarkozy corruption non withstanding of course from a qatari perspective it change little ; but for french policy it 's day & night . 
  working healthcare , retrofiting the railroads , wiping some greek bonds , running the social safety net , funding our rafales , etc the government having a decent cash flow goes a long way to run a pseudo international great power ( and we do n't have oil for our own part ), 
   the book claims that she demanded 400,000 euros from the qatari embassy when she was mayor to set up a diplomatic association in this district . 
  i hope she meant the money was for the city hall or some collectivity 's budget ( which would make sense ) and that the money will turn up in an public government linked account if it 's the case . 
  if however she pocketed the money herself , there should be a legal inquiry ... a theft of half a million euro is no joke . 
   was accused of demanding plane tickets to qatar and hotel nights in its capital , doha . 
  let 's not exagerate , diplomatic trips are n't corruption . 
  even if they sleep in a nice hotel ( you do n't expect official diplomats to sleep in a 5 $ / night motel room )  they argue that french politicians can do favors for qatar and receive lavish gifts from the qatari embassy in return . 
  that looks like pre election settling score . 
  there have been gifts * to the country/government * ; that is true . 
  but when a gov give money to another government officially in exchange for something , it 's a trade or diplomatic agreement , not corruption . 
  corruption is when the money ends up in somebody 's pocket instead . 
  it 's no secret that the french & qatar government have diplomatic & economic ties . 
  i would n't be surprized if some tries to frame it as corruption and use it against the ( ~ ~ left wing ~ ~ centrist ) ps in the next elections ( discounting the fact that it started under the right wing sarkozy government  .  ) edit :  sarkozy pressed platini to change his vote from the united states to qatar in regards to where the world cup would be hosted . 
  hate me all you want , but if sarkozy got the qatari to give a year of budget to france like rumored in exchange for giving them the world cup , he probably did right in reality . 
  that money is going to feed hundreds of thousands of people for years . 
  call it pragmatism and you ca n't eat football trophies in a bankrupt europe . 
  ( that said the accusation of using slaves to build the stadium is another issue that 'll need to be addressed : - / ), 
  haha :d, 
  how convenient of a computer problem . 
  one might suspect sabotage of the welfare state model . 
  bbc had some pretty hardball concurrents haha, 
  haha, 
  i 'm curious then . 
  did n't they rebuilt the foundations under mussolini 's orders ( that spent on it & other things an insane amount of ressources for fascist prestige & propaganda reasons ) ; when they ( amongst other things ) worked on a metro line in front of it ? 
  when they leveled half the neighborhood around it & dug like 30m all around the colosseum i mean . 
   and yes , i 'm in part talking about that , part thinking about the horrible statues in skopje . 
  what annoys me is that you have decided that because some past restorations offered to amaters for bribes where botched ; because you precious religious artifacts are botched ; you decided that it should be block refused for everything . 
  then you convinced yourself enough to find `` scientific reasons '' to back it . 
  you 're reasoning backward , you know it , i know it , and that discussion is therefore completely sterile . 
   to do what you said you 'd need very strong foundations that go through , you guessed it , the original i presume you are no more an architect than i am and speculating on idle . 
  and i would suspect that no , the original foundations are still there . 
   there 's also no reason to do it , beacause the value of the colosseum is not the same as in the time of the romans , we no longer do gladiator fights `` there is no point in restoring things because we 're not living like thousands of year ago '' . 
  how to put it . 
   if we build over that we just lose it , beacause it is n't roman anymore . 
  ah yes , there we go . 
  am i wrong if i suspect you are thinking of the barely hiding religious '' [ jesus restoration ] ( http://cdn1.pri.org/sites/default/files/migration/primigrationsdamanticwordpressattachmentsimagesmigration/www.theworld.org/wp-content/uploads/jesus-painting.jpg ) '' argument ? 
  different people have different point of view of things , and they might not agree with you , sorry . 
  on the other hand if the parliament refuses brexit outright they are going to loose a lot of legitimacy in the uk 's citizens eyes after a popular referendum : - / maybe they should push for soft brexit instead if they want to realistically shield their country from the heavier economic consequences  _  there they actually have manoeuvre margin without angering all the public ... 
   beacause it basically means destroying the original and building a fake , which is as bad as it sounds . 
  that 's not what i mean at all . 
  nope , no destroying . 
  now i 'm not planning the thing or at all ( it 's an italian monument and decision ; i 'm speculating as to what might happen later ) ; but what i wanted to say is that there were people talking that they 'd planned to put it in conditions more like it used to be ( adding all the missing parts such as the arches , the seats ; the wooden parts etc ) on top of the half destroyed concrete husk missing most of it like we see today . 
   for the restoration of the colosseum you 'd require the approval of an architect . 
  well i doubt the italians would attempt anything that big without approval from everyone to be honest ( from the town to the tourism ministries etc ), 
   it will never happen . 
  never say never ? 
   the value of the colosseum is that it was built by the romans and not its function . 
  it 's main purpose is historical and artistic . 
  plenty of medieval castles are getting restored ; that does n't mean they are n't medieval castles or tourist traps anymore, 
   repair is not rebuild , the colosseum has already had a ton of repair work well yeah but that would n't shock me if one day they decide to `` rebuild '' it to at least round & fully renovated works to make it look like a bit more like a functional building than an half destroyed ruin ah . 
  as long as it 's done properly ( ie respecting the style of the building ) ; that can be decent . 
   its kept because its 100 % roman built . 
  you dont want it to be 65 % roman and 35 % polish ~ ~ somewhere a brexitor died a little on the inside . ~ ~ maybe they should hire romanians then . 
  cheaper , and if people ask it sounds just the same !, 
   rebuilding the colosseum ? 
  wtf ? 
  it 's a touristic attraction that brings in dozens of millions of people in rome every years . 
  de facto , it helps the city and a major part of the country running . 
  if they repair it it 's not because they love old rocks , but because people come from far to see it still standing . 
  for the same reason we protects our tourism coasts and beaches and clean up oil spills . 
  you can bet if the effeil tower or brandsburg gate or the rushmoore in the us or pyramids in egypt where seriously damaged ; they 'd be repaired too . 
  well ; can it be repaired ? 
  yup . 
  those are 2 independant things . 
   shortly before obamacare , the rate of uninsured adults was around 15 % . 
  because 30 % of the population had `` insurance '' that existed only on paper and covered nothing .
