  i do n't know if they understand they are repeating the same mistake . 
  meanwhile the us get their loyalty by offering them better pay , conditions and funding instead of breathing down their neck . 
  not my pics or twitter ; and i 'm not active on imgur sorry ; just cracked to watch it, 
  relevant : https://twitter.com/evgenyfeldman/status/658242960354623488, 
   `` one should think carefully before making their choice , because the person behind the name on the voting-paper may be one more joffrey or , on the contrary , jon snow . '', 
  brilliant way to put it haha, 
   kerry said after that meeting he expected new talks on syria to begin as soon as next week , and did not rule out the participation of iran , something moscow has pushed for . 
  i for one is clearly interested to see the results of those talks . 
   but lavrov said russia now stood ready to provide air support to the free syrian army if the united states would help it identify where it was . 
  well i guess the usa could try convincing the southern front to stand down . 
  and in the north the kurdish-aligned sdf are totally independant from all jihadis . 
  i have to admit it will only work if the migrants flow reduces to manageable levels . 
  it means we might have to speed up deportations of economic migrants and safe areas , and solve the syrian crisis issue ( to which there is yet little solution unless the russians can ramp up enough to stomp everyone in their way in syria ) . 
  is n't the board handpicked by shareholders ? 
  is n't that highly illegal ? 
  should n't they face a judge & loose their medical licence ? 
  especially if it 's so against the victim 's will . 
   we just have to put that name and photo on the news . 
  like others said before , maybe we should put the victims names instead . 
  and if we want to talk about somebody 's life , their own . 
  not some random crazy who massacred people to get himself on the newspapper . 
   no , that 's almost entirely based on the value of their companies ' shares . 
  they do n't own 100 % of them . 
  except the entire corporate system has been built so that the executives + shareholders have life or death power over the entire corporation . 
  so the ones with enough shares to actually lead the boat in the general assembly ( or sufficient power to cook the books ) has de facto control over the entire corporation , and every single share whether his own or not . 
  what do that mean ? 
  that mean that for example we can take our two favorites figures we redditors love to hate because they 're so openly greedy to evil level . 
  naming the koch : http://www.forbes.com/profile/david-koch/?list=billionaires http://www.forbes.com/profile/charles-koch/?list=billionaires together officially they have 80b of assets roughly . 
  now there is that corporation over which they have de facto absolute control ; koch industries : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koch_industries now , if you account for all the evasion ( ... and unprovable fraud ) for which they are so well known , that company probably makes anywhere between 150 and 400 billions of revenues annually in reality . 
  that company is frequently estimated of having a real value well within the trillion dollars , and that 's outright ignoring their ~ ~ looted money ~ ~ reserve of hard currency probably in the multiple hundreds of billions of $ , and when you put together all the hidden accounts , shell companies , gold reserves , equities and various assets in other companies used as reserve etc etc that only the high level executives will ever know about . 
  de facto they control probably multiple times what mr gates or maybe even warren buffet will control in their entire life . 
  so , i stick by my word that this list is quite broken and ignoring the elephant in the room . 
  those people are `` totally not trillionaires '' officially like there are officially no russians in ukraine . 
  that 's only counting raw cash ( ie only the money in their wallet ) . 
  such calculs ignore blatantly they control corporate complexes with fortunes in the hundreds of billions and more and use those as their piggy banks . 
  for example microsoft is worth 340b ( but at least bill gates use now most of his money for actual charity he personnally runs ) . 
  ortega 's zara is worth more than 100b . 
  damn . 
  trafic accident . 
   when staff at the centre realised that the man was an islamist , he was removed from the premises . 
  excellent reaction  `` they were afraid and asked ` have we come to europe ? ' . 
  they said that they had fled from this , the extremism , '' he told norwegian broadcaster nrk . 
  and same from the refugees . 
  they obviously realized the guy was dangerous . 
  reassuring in a way . 
   sure that there has been and can be revolutions based on more ideological reasons than starvation i 'm not talking about an ideological case , i 'm saying extreme poverty ( seeing your lifestyle destroyed even if you still have enough to eat ) can have similar results . 
  theory of loss . 
   but i do n't see people in wealthy european states today revolting , we just have it too good we have it good because there 's still a welfare system and anyone touching it gets evicted away pronto . 
  but if we stop watching and it gets cut ; or the nazi do win and end up in power ; it 's going to be rough . 
  say , take your lovely finland . 
  what would happen if the unemployment money and social housing is abolished tomorrow ( because corrupts officials would rather steal all that money ) , unions made illegal ( because corporations bribed politicians to make it so ) , wages crash to romanian level , and the gov is fascist enough to disappear anyone that protest it ? 
  then the gov cuts ties with the eu . 
  then people discover it 's a russian funded party that did it . 
  blow up in 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... oh sorry , that was ukraine . 
   i came from a poor family , did work in fields to pay for my studies and now have a real job and i 'm brown . 
  i know these people very well , they are not the majority but they give brown people a bad reputation , which pleases the left because the left likes `` victims '' and identity politics no , you are one of the lucky that got a winning lottery ticket . 
  there 's a ticket for every 2 people in most of the country , or for every 20 in a banlieu . 
  and you are saying `` oh i won the lottery by working hard which mean anyone that did n't must be lazy and never tried '' . 
  i do n't deny you worked hard . 
  i deny that everyone else must be lazy . 
   how many of this youth chose the easy way ( ie drugs ? 
  theft ... ) this article in french is probably better written than anything i 'll come up with : http://www.liberation.fr/france/2014/12/12/immigration-et-delinquance-ce-que-l-on-sait-ce-que-l-on-croit-savoir_1161343 but looking into details :  l\u00e0 encore , les \u00e9trangers sont plus condamn\u00e9s pour des petits d\u00e9lits ( conduite sans permis , travail ill\u00e9gal , infractions en mati\u00e8re de transport ... ) que pour des crimes then again , the article do openly point out they are mostly petty timers . 
  it would appear that if most criminals do come from a banlieu , they remains a minority amongst the banlieu population . 
  and nailing it : http://md1.libe.com/photo/700006-part-des-etrangers-dans-les-condamnes.jpg looks like people really start doing jail-worthy stuff around 20-30 . 
  which is somewhat around the time where all the doors close in your face . 
  so yeah the guy i can easily imagine that poverty people that had every resumee dropped for the last 5 years might end up tempted to peddle drugs for quick and easy money to pay back all the late rent and bills that tends to accumulate over time when you are on welfare . 
   no these guys are lazy , close minded , and look for easy money . 
  ~ ~ `` they 're all lazy , it 's their fault they are poor and living in ghettos . 
  just do n't be poor . '', 
  said the koch brothers who got emergency food stamps cuts to millions in america ; trillionaire walton brothers who refuse to pay up a living to their dozens millions of employees and say they just have to work harder and longer hours to make enough money ~ ~ or they realise that at 30y they still have little futur , sometimes owe 10-20k $ to the system and have to come up with something to keep going . 
  so yes the easy drug money will start looking very attractive for them by then . 
  a bit like the serie that begun on that joke prelude ; breaking bad ( except we do have working healthcare in our countries haha ) . 
   they can do a bts , like me 2 years , then i got a job . 
  i 'd definitely recommand they 'd get a diploma if they can of course ; but living in a banlieu definitely wo n't help . 
   people that do n't even try at first place , fuck no you really think 25 % of the youth population country-wide never tried when reaching 30 while still unemployed ? 
  are really dozens of millions of people `` all lazy '' ? 
   education from kindergarden to college is 100 % free in france . 
  yes . 
  but now employers ask for more than the baccalaur\u00e9at ; and sarkozy tried to bring american-level payment bills to university students . 
   so the problem is n't the lack of training . 
  training means experience too . 
  but yes , they are educated . 
   those who really want to succeed do if it was that easy , we would n't have a banlieu problem or 25 % youth unemployment : http://data.lesechos.fr/pays-indicateur/france/taux-de-chomage-des-jeunes-de-moins-de-25-ans.html, 
   students from ges do very well , they never pose any problems and do just as well as natives . 
  well since most of the population , white frenchs included , will never be in a grande ecole , that does n't count for much . 
  we have people with a easily a bts ( technician ) level or even sometime licence , maitrise ( master ) diploma or similar stuck with no job . 
   so the ones that will hire usually only the very best ... okaaay . 
  i see that not helping random ahmed from clichy . 
  if you hire only white `` french sounding '' people equally or less qualified over ahmed with better diplomas and experience on his resumee , you 're not helping him either way . 
  if you only do that and do it constantly , you might be looking at a fine yes . 
   the larger amount of anti-semitic incidents , of rebellion after ch and others tend to be from a certain fringe of the population actually , no . 
  the `` banalisation of evil '' is sadly all too real : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/banalit%c3%a9_du_mal it 's what happen when racism becomes casual and accepted and everyone start either being on the take or do n't care about doing anything ( or are simply to scared to protest it ) . 
  and , actually , the nazis ( yes , the wwii bad guys , this is n't an hyperbole . ), 
  are starting to make a huge political come back in europe ( especially in france with their `` front national '' party that 's rising fast ) and it 's quite a problem . 
  and since the other political parties did n't managed to fix the current crisis , the vocal minority tries pushing back the waffen-ss-founded front national party in power right now . 
   lol , `` normal '' people want more police because they do n't feel safe around these guys [ source needed ] . 
  and i mean other than 60y old geezers that yell `` get out of my lawn '' and do n't understand why they have to pay taxes . 
   it 's not the fault of the police if these creeps live like mafiosi in crime riddled ghettos no , but it 's the police fault if the only reason cops walk in a street is to arrest somebody there and/or the only reason they stop a bystander is to ask them paper and/or arrest them . 
  and it 's the police fault when there are incidents and they all lie to cover up each others after beating or shaking down somebody . 
  so , of course , when people see a cop heading towards them in a banlieu , they run .
