  such concentration of wealth in the hands of few people and such big number of impoverished people ... 
  is n't the society most people are looking for . 
  they gave the meals for free and did n't asked them stuff in return . 
  i do n't see exploitation on that one . 
  sure . 
  not really . 
  for once i 'll have to disagree with the guardian 's analysis . 
  it 's a bit eye rolling but that 's it . 
  i 'd even say good on mcdonalds for that move exploitation is more like stolen wages & underpayment of work ( that however has been a real problem at mcdonalds in some areas ) , unduly dangerous work without proper gear , stolen documents to box the workers or stolen leave time , stuff like that . 
  the article does n't mention anything like it , so it 's not about exploitation, 
  sooo more russian paramilitary trying coups in eastern europe . 
   my favorite thing in berlin 's `` political scene '' is torching a car as a political manifest you sure you are n't confusing with france 's national sport , namely yearly car insurance fraud ? 
  ( we do have troubles in the banlieux , but the car torching habit goes a bit beyond that tbh ), 
  there is `` dissenting view with different analysis and info '' and then there is `` completely fictive propaganda by a neighboring hostile superpower with a main objective to stoke hate to destabilize the place '' . 
  for example that story on the bravda about `` a roving gang of sharia judges setting fire to a german church while dancing '' does belong in the second category . 
  maybe free plane tickets home to ` stan or wherever then might interests them ? 
  it 's cold hearthed of me to say so , but i 'm mightily aware that greece has no solution in sight due to being bankrupted, 
  i assume we 'd keep it in one piece ; albeit i assume the cos would have to keep an eye out for infiltration attempts ; but if foreigners are fitting the criterias and willing to endure the boot camp to serve in our army we should n't turn them away ... edit : of similar history , i remember the americans refering to the famous 442nd during wwii with a lot of japanese-americans ; apparently those guys fought on some of the hardest fronts in the war and where one of the most decorated units ever ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/442nd_infantry_regiment_%28united_states%29, 
  ffl to me refers to the french army of the second world war . 
  if you mean whether we 'd dissolve our army in the eu 's or not , i think we 'd keep it in one piece but heavily cooperating with select neighbors , a bit like in nato but without official nato infrastructure because i expect trump to fold on kremlin orders at the first sign of trouble ( or at least have to assume for the worst and unreliability on that side ) edit : if you mean the foreign legion , we 'd keep it in one piece of course ha, 
  if we have money to spare . 
  otherwise other tactics and solutions are in the drawers for the time being rather than find another 15b just for a carrier that we might never use . 
  of course if things heat again , priorities will quickly change . 
  i think our own naval yards running at max could crank a carrier every 3-5 months if shit really hits the fan ( at which point we 'd be printing money to pay for them regardless of the ecb ' cries ; but war times would be a different animal from peace time ) . 
   why would n't we invest in aircraft carriers ? 
  french here , we have a catobar carrier and a few `` amphibious ships '' ; i can understand the price of running them makes most countries balk . 
  we 're talking about 3 billions of $ per unit for a serious budget just to build , and them probably as much in maintenance ; and we had to scrap the second one for the time being ( despite having a 2c doctrine ) due to the cdg already exploding budgets . 
   let 's buy 13.000 mowag piranha . 
  i do n't think that would be very usefull in a battlefield nowadays to have so many light apc . 
  that 'd be 13k death traps on wheels . 
  and the small boats would be chowder for russian submarines or coastal defenses . 
  more is n't always equal better . 
  that said , you might be onto something regarding centralized mass procurations . 
  and 200 modern subs would be a nightmare for any navy nowadays . 
  in case of a real war , drone production might also happen around the clock to be sacrificial forces and drown adversaries under firepower raw numbers . 
   a low cost airforce touchy subject because the russians have decent air defenses so i expect the generals do n't want to start mass producing certain toys too early not to give up their defense plans . 
  that said , yes , the air force is an integral and indispensable key part of a modern military force . 
   but i really doubt our military can keep up we 're not asking them to hold a front alone , simply to be part of a combined defense of europe operation if it comes to that , by sending whatever soldier , intel and ressources they can come up with to help shore up defenses . 
  small numbers by small numbers it can pile up . 
  especially when i know spain has tens of thousands of trained soldiers in reality and a pretty decent arsenal . 
  \\ + italy , spain , uk when they feel like it ; ukraine ' which is much less of a joke than you 'd think lately what with the donbass war ongoing , and that 's starting to make decent numbers . 
  probably because both fillon and lepen have a retarded program . 
  that said i fully know that macron is a futur economic looter working for the us republican party ~ ~ that election kinda feels like `` pick your own poison '' , with three candidates working for hostile foreign powers . 
  must be all the kroko imported by their new ru friends, 
  russians trying to push again militarily ? 
  reminds us all why we need a western military force in europe watching eastward ... 
   san escobar will be the first to have an fta with the uk . 
  can we send them nigel farage , trump and lepen ; along with the entire `` alt right '' clike ? 
   there 'll be a disaster eventually if it is n't upgraded but that 's young peoples problem of course . 
  to be fair i heard the engineers gave it another 40-60 years of use and possibilities of `` easy '' upgrade by reusing the current pillars of the system . 
  it 's supposedly been well designed and they did n't just tossed a fiery issue at the next gen for once, 
   is this to stop water comming up the river or vice versa ? 
  protecting the river upstream from sea water in case it goes too high  will it flood the city if this thing is not here ? 
  the city can potentially be flooded by a very high tide or storm without it  why they built everything so close to water ? 
  because water is usefull to drink & bath & a channel is usefull for trade i guess . 
  why do everyone always build on rivers and lake sides . 
  already going full creationism ? 
  great , good luck to them !, 
  not by origin , but he might as well ask them for a passeport at that point / s, 
  those guys looks as bad as daesh tbh, 
   rupert murdoch alone used his media empire to influence politics in australia , the uk , and the us to be honest i 'm surprized he has n't yet found a way to also sell australia too to china ( the next best proxy ennemy there ), 
   the systematic hostility of the anglosphere towards the eu has been planted there by russian money . 
  so , which one of trump 's staffers will prove a corrupt traitor next ? 
  are you sure this is n't finland ? 
  did he got pranked or tried to make a bad joke on pablo escobar or ? 
  personally i probably would n't mind , but i suspect it 's going to take an hell of an effort to recampaign if he wants to succeed, 
  ... charming ... : x, 
  suppressing opposition again ? 
  obviously they never read either, 
  that comes with the lack of sleep and hangover , yes, 
  oh look another insulting 12y / ignore, 
   if the economy was such a disaster , then why would one even have a 94 % marginal tax rate on incomes about 2.5 mm$ ( in inflation adjusted dollars ) . 
  [ to fund world war ii ] ( http://www.fortmissoulamuseum.org/wwii/images/posters/1986.004.213.jpg ) . 
  loosing was n't an option . 
  you quoted a bit :  in 1944 , you could deduct business meals , all business travel , all forms of interest payments , and much more . 
  you could even deduct spousal travel expenses on a business trip !, 
  ( why travel alone ? ), 
  where supposedly very high and numerous tax deduction ( and de facto very low taxes ) allowed to maintain `` high life style '' in the us and supposedly where good for society . 
  while , if you dig a bit , the economy during that time was a disaster . 
  so your post is misleading, 
  `` defeat '' ? 
  it 's not a battle . 
  i point out that your idea of not taxing anything is wrong ; and that america worked best during times of high redistribution to employees post wwii ( when they had to offer a good living to employees to ward off communism lest people decide they 'd rather go red than another decade of great depression hunger/mass homelessness ) . 
  what you make of it beyond that is your business, 
  [ rethoric ? 
  ] ( http://cdn.history.com/sites/2/2014/01/ih012802-p.jpeg ) the economics of the 30 's where a disaster . 
  in my humble opinion the best period for america was likely 50 to early 70 's then president carter . 
  ( not that i do n't have anything really against ford , he just did n't marked me a lot when studying the question ), 
  i mean there are isolated example ; but that certainly was n't any common . 
  in the 30 there were breadlines due to the great depression ( so forgot the boat or plane tickets ) , in the 40 there were breadlines due to wwii , in the 50 there was a reconstruction boom and shortage of work because 10 % of occident was dead and people realized that they 'd rather take advantage of life instead of being giant cunts like litterally hitler . 
  in the 70-80 's companies ' executives/owners snaped back under nixon / reagan and decided they 'd rather spend the money on themselves than paying employees a living so all the perks and a good part of wages just disappeared in a black hole in most of america . 
  uh no . 
  sorry , we do n't abolish taxes to fight evasion in europe/france . 
  that 's one of the most ... curious ... 
  us ideas i guess . 
  probaby because if you do that , people have no reason to pay anything honestly ; they 'll just wait for you to cut everything instead . 
   thereby eventually getting over 100 % . 
  erh , regarding modern times ; even in france it never really went above 84 % iirc ( for people earning billions . 
  it used to be * yearly post taxes billions * in loreal 's case even . ), 
  and even now it 's capped at 75 % de facto .
