   did the germans bribe greek officials to pay higher pensions as well ? 
  higher ? 
  they were already significantly lower than in other countries like say germany . 
  maybe you think that people living on 400-600 $ / month with prices the same than in germany is `` high '' or `` overspending '' ? 
   you 're scapegoating . 
  no i 'm not . 
  i 'm pointing out people that refuse to drop debts they have a part of responsability in , which continues to further wreak havoc on the country still as of now . 
   besides , why on earth do you think interest is fictitious debt ? 
  because at that point dropping the entire debt and just giving qe to germany ( that the ecb give them anyway ) to make up the difference would n't change anything to germany , but would make a world of difference to greece . 
  at that point , it 's political face saving from creditors that want to hurt the country at any price for the sake of it . 
   should we all have just provided money for greek pensions without asking anything in return ? 
  oh you mean apart the fact they contributed as an euro member for decades to the european union ? 
  would germany pull of that kind of shit with one of it 's landers and suspend pensions there if their debts peeked ? 
  no of course not . 
  and when east germany went in eu funds from all over europe refunded it . 
  but when it 's other states suddenly they do n't give a crap . 
  saying `` america is not real free market '' is like saying `` russia was not true communism '' ... : x of course for some ppl it never goes far enough  . , 
   a free market is more efficient than a state run industry . 
  well i see ( well saw 10y ago ) homeless people and foreclosure everywhere in the us and not in france so something tells me this is not true . 
  inb4 `` the us is not true free market '' . 
  that 's not what he said , or meant ... which is good , because that kind of ponzi scheme would never work . 
  yes it is . 
  of course when the father of capitalism directly contradict the current dogma it gets burried . 
   because that kind of ponzi scheme would never work . 
  well call it a `` ponzi '' if you want but the ford t invented the modern automobile as a model in our current society and he died the richest man on earth at his death while doubling in average industrial line wages in america so i 'd say it was quite working for a lot of people . 
   at the time ford increased wages , working in a car plant was not a particularly good job ... it was a working class job , spoiler , it 's still not . 
   you could live off of the salary , but it was n't a middle class job . 
  and nowadays you nearly ca n't live with an engineering wage because most of your money is garnished for the student and medical debts and you ca n't afford a house on 20 years with the rest anyway . 
   when ford increased wages ( which he did to reduce turnover ) , working in a car factory became a middle class job ... as it has been for the past 100 years . 
  nice twist but this is another lie they taught in school . 
  class jobs at the time where defined by education and not the pay . 
  because `` low class '' wages were viable . 
  so now low class wallmart wages are not viable and not even what used to be middle class is . 
  so now you have a lot of former middle class people you do n't want to pay a third as much . 
  how do you do that without a revolt ? 
  you convince them they are in fact of the `` low working class '' and not middle one . 
   the line about his workers being able to afford his cars was n't an economic strategy to sell cars to his workers yes it was too . 
  because he created a market from scratch that way . 
  he made cars common in the streets that way , and it was a driving ad everywhere for people to desire one . 
  so people saw his workers driving cars and all wanted their own . 
  and with concurrents bleeding good workers to ford , they had to rise wages too so their employees too could . 
  so demand exploded and since wages too ( because wage x2 society wide in 5 years = wage explosion to me ) , sales exploded . 
  america then started having cars everywhere . 
   the money reaches the people indirectly . 
  ahhh the so called trickle down . 
  which in fact , sadly does not happen . 
  another republican lie originally invented to get welfare money sent to their businesses instead of the end consummer people . 
  i was talking about inflation and the `` real '' value of something like a car . 
  in an industrial or later society , goods have for real value at it 's lowest the value of raw materials and running the factory ( that includes living wages paid with more qe money or rather not paid as of late ; and education that was once free but is now costing tens of thousands in the us because the neocons are greedy so next gen will be totally fucked with a lifetime of wages below minimal wage massively garnished , no welfare , no retirement and no house ) . 
  when that factory is ran on qe ( `` corporate subsidies '' ) with materials bought on more printed qe , the `` real value '' of that car is the value of that printed money accounting for current inflation status . 
  nothing else . 
  and general motor is running at 80 + % of printed money that the republican party floods them with to save face ; as it stands ( the joke was that with gmac being constantly bailed out , they were a bank producing cars at a loss as a side business ) so of course looking at the price they sell cars ; they could pay people more ( like a living wage , gasp ) and divide prices by 10 ( because if your real cash flow comes from politics and not care sales you might as well lower the price ) and stop wiring astronomical bonuses to the board and shareholders , but they wo n't ( for ideological reasons ) . 
   the ecb has right now a very anti-german strategy . 
  it hurts germany more than the greece-crises . 
  uh lol it hurts it so much that germany has a 5 % surplus and greece has 20 % of it 's pop and the doctors unpaid . 
   but printing more money doesnt help that , money is printed either way , the key is to redirect some of that printed qe away from purely financial investments toward citizens instead . 
  because hedge funds and banks are n't the ones that needs billions if you want to restart consumption . 
   if you earn 2 $ a hour and the car costs 10000 $ u cant buy the car . 
  another lie by omission : it was what was happening in france before we started distributing welfare . 
  now cars can be found starting a couple hundreds euros for shitty 20y old beaters to brand new ones starting at 5/6k . 
  and ppl make typically 10 $ / hour . 
  the reason people earned 2 $ per hours was because there was no minimal wage nor welfare ( thanks neoliberalism ) . 
  now there is welfare higher than that so wages were forced up . 
  and cars lowered in price because we built an auto industry in france and where the owners where n't as cheap as the neocons nor colluding to rig prices ; so french ( and later german ) car manufacturing competition ( that paid high wages ) drove prices down instead of an american worldwide monopoly with prices based on muh-profit-in-absolute-monopoly . 
   entirely baseless accusations and completely besides the point . 
  even though military spending was way too high , even at its hight it did n't represent more that 3-4 % of the the greek expenses . 
  lol . 
  that 's the official version . 
  officious one is that it was 15 % of their budget . 
  they even started ( pre ) buying 100 + f35s for billions under pasok before it got sworded because get real for a minute . 
   in what way does this matter ? 
  they did n't `` dropped '' anything on the debt until facing a defacto defaut anyway because greece had ran out of money anyway and there was nothing left out to squeeze anymore . 
  every bank had spent their entire reserve despite currency controls . 
   most of the interest on the initial debt was extinguished as part of the psi and nowadays greece is paying next to nothing in interest currently they 're not paying additionnal interests , but a large part is `` old debts '' that had run so high in a notable part to interests . 
   this is in a very simple way what happens if more money is printed . 
  printing money can not achieve anything longterm . 
  simply because money is not something like a car , it has no real value . 
  money printing and mass borrowing is happening either way , in both the eu and us model . 
  - in the usa the printed ( and non printed ) budget use is decided by congress , that is in republican hands currently ( and therefore take orders from the neocon/neolibs piloting the gop ) ; and is largely used on weapon spending while knowing that 90 % of that weapon bill is the graft tax ( seriously their buddies weapon manufacturers multiplie prices x10 and give them kickbacks in the form of `` campaign contributions , `` speaking fees '' , cosy `` jobs '' they do n't have to attend or simply money under the table ) . 
  but of course when it 's the foodstamp budget line turn to ask for money , there is `` none left and we ca n't print more because it 's creating inflation '' ) - in europe , it 's the ecb that decide the spending . 
  the ecb is de facto controled by germany , that decide it wo n't `` act against it 's interests '' and do open legal obstructionism when another neighboring government `` is overspending '' ( despite breaking themselves the rules outrageously with their colossal surplus without ever acting against themselves of course ) . 
  when germany is not going for outright debt blackmail when it 's greece that want to qe any money to it 's population . 
  they forced them to cut like 50 + % of the retirement/healthcare budget . 
   simply because money is not something like a car , it has no real value . 
  but , putting myself in the shoes of my self 20y ago in france , if i never had enough money because neither my employer will give me enough nor there is any welfare , i 'd never buy a car . 
  so the car manufacturer lost a ton of sales because gen x do n't buy cars ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2012/09/the-cheapest-generation/309060/ ) , and therefore the economy does not run as well . 
  plain as simple as that . 
  henry ford said he paid his workers thrice as well as concurrents because it allowed his workers to buy his cars , boosting his own business . 
  now the neocons being cheap , they crashed wages and the minimal wages under reagan . 
  then they crashed welfare too with the famous ridiculization of `` food stamps are used to buy cadillacs '' ( well , had that been the case maybe gm would n't be in that much trouble ) . 
  so people do n't buy cars anymore and general motors nearly went the way of the dodo . 
  and of course since the neocons ca n't admit no wrong either ( it 's not just me haha ) and refused to pay ppl more or welfare again , they decided that handing tons of money to gm ( `` corporate subsidies '' ) `` would obviously fix it '' 20 years ago . 
  and it led to the situation a year ago where the company had to be bailed out . 
  again . 
  because since the money is handed over to the company instead of consummers , people still do n't ( ca n't ) buy any more cars . 
   except it did because those loans which now represent the majority of the debt provided the greek people with pensions , i 'm pretty sure that german officials bribed greek officials in taking 10 + % interest loans to germany to buy faulty german weapons they did not need nor could afford ; all so that reinhmetal could offload on somebody those damn faulty subs and pay a kickback to said politicians . 
  good thing they never sent those submarine at sea of course because if they had sunk killing the entire crews \u00e0 la kursk that 'd have been a bit of a scandal now would n't it ? 
   a result of a complete lack of foresight probably because , once again , some very rich people in germany ( siemens ? ), 
  bribed corrupt and retarded pasok officials and funded their campaign so they could get elected and buy more german stuff they did n't need in exchange . 
  with more 10 + % loans of course .
