  buuuut that much is true i guess, 
  well that 's an issue we need to fix in europe asap too . 
  that 's a scourge on modern society . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean edit : oh , i used a french word sorry . 
  it 's passport in english, 
  blackmarket . 
  as far as i understand , companies who have large buys to make have to fill out paperworks and wait a bit and get so many usd or eur at the official rates . 
  of course the rates are generally large enough for the economy and the wait is n't too harsh so it still work decently ( unlike in , say , venezuella ) ( edit : '' * from now on , banks shall be allowed to purchase foreign currency for their clients on the third business day ( mode \u0422 +2 ) * '' ; i think 3/4 days is still pretty endurable ) . 
  but for people that need euros like yesterday and exchange it unofficially it 's like 1e = 40 uah so if you want 100 $ it 's fine to go to a local official exchange or paypal , but if you want $ 100millions you 're going to have to either wait and get only part of that immediately , or deal with the bm edit : http://www.bank.gov.ua/control/en/publish/article?art_id=30817298&amp;cat_id=76291, 
   i bet 50 uah for 1 usd to the end of the year well bm rate is 1 $ = 40-45 uah either way so such a fluctuation is possible if the gov decide to float it to the bm levels to save a bit of money . 
  might not want to do it too fast tho to avoid stupid exchange trader panic, 
  reality is some people in power fear more illegal immigration by overstay, 
   visa free access doesnt mean we stop checking the passports and controlling who is coming in surely ? 
  no , passports still have to be checked at the airport or borderpost ; that 's perfectly normal ( if only to find people on blacklists like ex islamists fighters in syria ) and fast enough ( i mean it 's what , 15min top ? 
  admittedly if there 's not too much people queuing ) . 
  visa free means they do n't have to ask for a costly visa and wait weeks or months for it . 
  an excellent idea . 
  it should encourage people that do n't have kids because they ca n't afford them . 
  albeit only one of the things needed ( the others suggest more subsidized child care ? ), 
  well glad they got caught . 
  that 's another 300m back in the coffers . 
  a couple more like that and you can end the nhs deficit despite it 's terrible mismanagement, 
   boris johnson : the eu wants a superstate , just as hitler did thank you boris . 
  you know who also breathed oxygen ? 
  hitler that 's who !, 
  ( more seriously , the more time that pass , the more mr johnson reminds me of donald trump  _  ), 
   we have made other people realise the eu needs to change . 
  the commission and associated bureaucracy still refuses to admit that there is anything wrong . 
  or , rather , in my humble opinion , the `` bureaucracy '' realize that they ca n't do * instant * change ; if only because half the demands contradict directly the other half ; and ( when not under major emergency like greece ) that it takes times for countries to agree on various subjects and what direction to take . 
  it tooks * decades * for the eu to come to that point from wwii . 
  and the road is still multiple times longer . 
  errrhhh . 
  i understand the concerns ; but erh let 's hope there is n't any internal european war anytime soon . 
  edit : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/08/cameron-brexit-will-increase-risk-of-europe-descending-into-war/  they include field marshal lord bramall , a former chief of defence staff , who says that britain would be `` going backwards '' if it leaves the eu . 
  however here 's something i definitely agree with, 
   well , high fiscal transfers ( similar amounts as those between us states ) is basically the only real possibility for actually fixing the eurozone 's structural problems and making it more like an optimum currency area . 
  yeah but in case you have n't noticed the torries conservatives in the uk would rather set themselves on fire than agree to that one . 
  / s  a much more federalized eurozone . 
  almost a swear word in some countries haha, 
  but not centuries . 
  and let 's face it , falsifying censuses to justify policies where the least of the things done in those eras . 
  edit : and regarding modern day , while yes there are 63m in the uk and 5m in ireland , i 'd argue that it 's due to the greater london hosting likely 1/3 of that , and economic conditions pushing people toward the larger urban concentration arounds for jobs nowadays ( ie many people moving from the rest of the isles to london https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/urbanization ) ... 
   when have you ever known an irish person to report as british ? 
  none , but if they are in northern ireland and have been given british citizenship for political reason , they 're going to be counted as british . 
  i have sneaky suspicions that in the past scots and irishmen where frequently counted as british to justify past claims over those territories . 
  so that likely altered a lot archives and statistics , explaining the sudden colossal jump in numbers . 
  tbh hooligans do n't really seems to have a specific nationality ultimately in their attitude . 
  it does seem it 's more about the context of a match . 
  there are places that seem to attract football violence whenever there is a match . 
  we had the same in some stadiums in france where whenever there is a match you need to have 1k police deployed lest you gon na need 1k extra hospital beds . 
  i do n't know who did it or why but it screams cray football fans going way too far without realizing it . 
  they forget it 's a game and start beating people . 
   because if it 's hooligans it 's just meant to be some sort of `` prank '' uh , trying to hospitalize players of what they see as the `` enemy team '' is not a prank . 
  but sadly it 's nothing new . 
  at some point in the uk they had to put glass walls ( transparent plastic pannels ) around the grass field in some places ( thereby separating physically spectators from players ) to prevent the hooligans from running on the field to try to attack players ... 
  yeah first reaction similar there too . 
  supicions that it 's the football ultras going cray, 
  i 'm going to troll , but i suspect a lot of people in the uk in the large sense ( ie including irish and scotts for example ) are reported as just `` british '' , which skews statistics . 
  that 's particularly creepy . 
  great , 
  \\* chin scratching \\*, 
   old currency : 16 farthings = 1 groat , 63 groats to the guinea metric system bankers hate him !, 
   this reads like satire . 
  my thought too . 
  ^ ( i think they did it to point out the obvious about farage brexitors ), 
   have you ever seen our politicians ? 
  then you need to create a new party or reform an existing one maybe ? 
  edit : disclaimer , i have no footing in italian politics , admittedly . 
  well sueing an employer that do n't pay you would be a nice start . 
  like the guys caught in that article , i hope the employer will face actual legal consequences and be forced to repay in full what he owes to the employees . 
  also maybe pushing for guys in politics that will consider rising it . 
  my point precisely . 
  you ca n't restart it without paying the employees a livable wage . 
  that means adding a minimal wage in countries that do n't have one , a higher in country where it 's so low it 's a joke ( something something `` tipped 3 $ / h '' ) , and to have the legal system enforce it and punish wage theft . 
  that 's a charming futur you got there . 
  would n't it be simpler to simply have a minimal wage and that justice do it 's work before said pizzeria decide not to pay you either ? 
  but when your parents are gone , you will starve . 
  at which point you 'll start reconsidering the situation pretty quickly i suspect . 
  no matter what i 'm writing down now or not . 
   it is ok because it is allowed and people do n't care . 
  they said the same in france shortly before the revolution . 
  then when the boomers will die off , the economy will insta crash . 
  and if your parents do n't help you , you 're totally fucked too . 
  i 'm not sure an economy based on `` i 'm 50 and still living in my parent 's garage because i ca n't afford a home '' is one we should accept . 
   remeber that in italy all the business that hire are family run and will do everything possible to not pay you yes , the mafia is institutionalized , i know . 
  that does n't mean it 's ok to try to treat like slave your workers . 
   we all can survive because our parents will support us until we are 35/40 or until we leave . 
  then when the boomers will die off , the economy will insta crash . 
  and if your parents do n't help you , you 're totally fucked too . 
  i 'm not sure an economy based on `` i 'm 50 and still living in my parent 's garage because i ca n't afford a home '' is one we should accept . 
   what 's the promo bin and how does it work it 's what the shop want to get ride of ( end of stock , stuff hanging for too long , old games and stuff , food near limit date , etc ) so they put it at all at 1 $ in an aisle with a huge `` promo !, 
  to encourage people to take it away from them . 
   the salaries they got paid is around 380 euros while better than 100 it 's still a joke . 
  you ca n't live on 380 $ in western europe . 
  in some places it wo n't even cover the car maintenance & oil & gas to go to work . 
  you 're better off * not taking the job * . 
  i 'd say in france to pay all the bills on time and not to scrimp on the daily food you need more or less 1000 $ / month . 
  in italy , probably 800 $ . 
  in romania you can probably go on on 400 $ . 
  government workers in france 30y ago made like 2000 $ / month typically .
