  ( ... ) , getting 200 $ a month from the state for each one of them . 
  well if there 's some money to save while upgrading the quality quietly sure why not do something there . 
  so have an upvote , +1, 
  agreed . 
  especially since they do n't really qualified for it either way at the start . 
  i 'd add `` immediate push in the airplane for deportation to their non eu home country '' on top . 
  you get violent you get to the top of the list for immediate eviction . 
  well it 's generally a modern conspiracy theory spin on the old `` us supported bin laden and the talibans in afghanistan against the soviet '' to which you add `` iraq was a war led on false pretexts of mass destruction weapons '' and it 's not hard to see how some propaganda outfit can lead lots of people to the ( very erroneous ) logic jump that `` the us supports isis in secret and since the eu is the usa 's bitch they do it too ! '' . 
  yes it 's ridiculous , but the point of propaganda is to lead large amount of normal people to believe exagerated or outright false things soo ... 
  yeah but we in europe are not trying to export our religion worldwide unlike the ksa . 
  ( and tbh italy 's idea seems great if they can afford it ), 
  dieudonn\u00e9 's a very popular comedian who use his old street cred to push antisemitic bullshit . 
  he talk to full rooms . 
  when it 's not [ entire stadiums worth of people . 
  ] ( http://www.metronews.fr/_internal/gxml!0/r0dc21o2f3vste5s7ezej9x3a10rp3w$8snurohk6x0korftqew8bdsv6h2s9m2/dieudonne-afp-ok.jpeg ) imagine if bill maher or craig fergusson or conan o brian went full neonazi retard . 
  ignoring the obvious political recovery to push the author 's israeli/palestinian agenda ; there 's a bit of truth in it : we have an integration problem we need to work on , and not only with police crackdowns . 
  we should dissolve those parrallele societies , incitate people to learn the language , pick a job , live with other locals , etc. 
  edit ( i know this is going to sound wrong and a call for tyranny and a reference to the dark pages of our own history and blah blah blah maoism blah blah blah , but maybe we have something to learn about china 's integration policy and success/failure in xinjiang . 
  i 'm not saying we should imitate blindly obviously , but they 're fighting the very same problem in some regions for a long time and there might be something to learn of the results and what works and what does n't work . ), 
   to protect our free societies , we must outlaw any interference from unfree societies in our educational and religious systems that bit is definitely true too . 
   the annual ranking of freedom house , which categorizes countries as either free , partly free or unfree , can serve as our yardstick for new legislation . 
  good idea , maybe there 's something to think upon there  let 's begin by cutting off the satellite signals of those middle east tv stations uhhhh no . 
  no , period . 
  we 're not going to start censoring other countries in their backyard or accross borders . 
  it 's how you end up with a state religion that censor everything iran style 10 years down the line . 
  and the day we end up with a president or prime minister a bit extreme that decide to use that to censor bbc , cnn and youtube because it exposes their skeleton in the closet , we 're in trouble . 
   edit : upon further investigation , he appeared to have called `` for muslims and christians to unite to kill the jews '' , which does cross that line . 
  source in french . 
  i still do n't think it 's right if he was condemned for some of the other stuff ( inviting a holocause denier , calling himself `` charlie coulibaly '' ) . 
  more than that the guy made a 1h long series of `` kill the jews '' joke in a one man show dedicated to the subject in front of thousands . 
  after having a 10y long history of getting fines on fines in france for basically being a very loud and public negationist and cheering at lynching jews , and discounting how he frauded half the fines either way with a bankruptcy loophole and a good lawyer ( when he was n't making kickstarters ) , looks like belgium decided not to take any of that shit and just arrested him for 2 months haha, 
  hey . 
  i 'm a leftist . 
  and sorry for the language , but fuck people who put others in closets . 
  i only hope the uk will take adequate corrective action against the schools they found as ignoring the british rules of society . 
  you can have muslim schools without letting them put women in closets . 
  okay sorry to speak as a non uk citizen on their own internal affairs , but we should have no tolerance for that kind of bs in europe . 
  lobbying is generally used as an excuse for bribery , which is a very serious issue . 
  that 's why daesh is a death cult . 
  they do n't even bother hiding it now . 
  and that 's why we have to put a stop to that group and it 's actions , before it spreads . 
  it 's still kindah like letting people go in the tiger 's cage in the zoo . 
  are they really brainwashed/slow enough not to realize how the so called `` islamic state '' will sell them to daesh fighters early in and basically treat them like chattel like they did with the yezidi ? 
  probably better for everyone 's sake to just jail the whole lot . 
  ( hate speech , incitation to violence , antisemitism , support for a terrorist organisation & plots , support for traitors , reckless endangering of other human lives , ... ), 
  sooo they want to do like greece before and make the bank 's losses a public debt instead ? 
  welll technically i believe the uk refused to cease sovereignty over the raf base itself when they gave back independancy to cyprus ? 
  : x but , true , what do the cypriots think ? 
  it 's not illegal to petition them ( talk ) . 
  but it 's highly illegal to use a suitcase full of benjamins to do so . 
  they do n't ( openly ) . 
  it 's illegal here . 
  does n't mean they do n't try . 
  hell , even the romanian prime minister got recently caught red handed taking money . 
  hsbc got caught taking zeta cartel money . 
   why they 're not ? 
  that 's a damn fine question . 
  because there are a lot of corrupt politicians and other people in charge taking huge bribes in the dozens of millions range in exchange for helping corps defrauding billions . 
  but i hope we find them out and punish them according to corruption laws ( luxembourg , switzerland , hsbc , i 'm watching you ) . 
  you 're supposed to follow both or if conflicted the spirit of the law . 
  just because saudis get diplomatic immunity does n't mean they should go in the streets and gun down people or similar . 
  just because amazon 's lawyers found a loophole in the 50 years old wording of an obscure tax law does n't mean they get to scam the state out of 10b and take a walk . 
  them , starbucks , apple , and a couple others should expect quite the tax collection and fine if our governments can finally work it out and stop taking corporate bribes . 
  both are strictly against the intended spirit of the law , using the letter of the law against it to commit what is generally recognized as crime . 
  ( because , yes when you steal 10 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 $ of tax money from the state coffers using legal technicities , that 's still a crime ) . 
  ah yes , just like the average saudi princes killing or beating somebody and walking out on a technicity . 
  totally normal and acceptable of course / s, 
  i 'm sure our air force could use access to cyprus air base . 
  thank you mr cameron, 
  it 's certainly well within their rights and probaly a better idea that dynamiting pylons . 
  ( at my own level , the bit that annoys me is only the damaged power infrastructure and blackout that causes serious problems in mainland ukraine too ... ), 
  calling off people for fraud is also a good step to make others aware of what 's going on . 
  otherwise , good luck getting anti fraud laws voted in . 
   i ca n't make any sense out of this . 
  the reason others complained about greece is because they are bound to lose because they are creditors . 
  one of the biggest reason the greek state ran out of liquidity ( cash ) was because everybody ( and i mean * everybody * ) was frauding income taxes , vat , and all kind of taxes by doing everything off the book . 
  the issue the big eu states have with megacorps is pretty similar : if every employer in the eu fraud all taxes , the system will collapse too . 
  retirement or healthcare is paid with money . 
  if every ceo use a shell company in the bermuda to fraud those and buy himself another ferrarri with the money instead ( or a lot more in starbucks case since they owe probably hundreds of millions in taxes ) , we 're in trouble . 
   if they are avoiding taxes , it 's the government 's fault for allowing the loopholes to exist . 
  it 's like saying it 's the gov fault if you burglar homes regularly and walk out scott free because the case is thrown out on a technicality . 
  and that therefore you should n't be blamed because it 's in your interest to keep burglaring homes . 
  we can hardly prevent them from declaring their siege in another eu country and trying a lesser degree of fraud regardless . 
  it 's an eu issue that we have to work with every other eu countries to close tax havens and dutch sandwich-like processes . 
  officially all their activity 's profit in france is happening in netherlands due to some legal wording loophole . 
  ( then in the netherlands they used to declare it in ireland ; then in ireland they declared it in the bahamas or bermuda or something like that where they are tax free ) . 
  that way they `` take a loss '' in france officially and are above tax the whole chain . 
  basically , it 's `` legal '' fraud . 
   incredible how much people complained about the greeks who do n't pay taxes when it pales in comparison with what we all lose due to the likes of luxemburg and friends . 
  both are an issue . 
  but in one case it 's `` only '' greece that risks bankruptcy , in the other it screws over every eu countries in a scale they do n't realize ( dozens to hundreds of billions of tax euros missing in every state 's coffers ), 
   huh ? 
  what happens after a year or two , they suddenly disappear ? 
  no , they start working and are less on the receiving side  in denmark after 4 years only 17 % of syrian refugees who stayed have a job . 
  well here 's an issue to address tho . 
  good point, 
   not being part of schengen taxes our exports to schengen countries due to border controls which can add significantly to transport time and costs , i agree that 'd definitely a concession romania should get seeing the situation . 
  immediate free trade with the rest of europe , simplification of travel for individuals too . 
  ( i can hear the englishs cringing , but i suspect the romanians earned this )  i recall there was news that french citizens were expelled and banned from entry a year ago because they were trying to radicalize local muslim communities . 
  well nice job .
