  but what 's the average poverty next to the us or greece ? 
   and a far right surge so we 'll see how it all plays out fair point, 
   what country 's people all have two fuckin homes and cars ? 
  that 's rich , not normal at all and americans do n't expect that . 
  1960 america . 
   they wo n't get any of the stuff in your list with higher taxes anyway , its all wasted by corruption . 
  turns out we have most of that in france , * despite * the corruption . 
  ( maybe not the homes ok but the rest ), 
   the vast majority of conservatives do n't think they are going to be rich . 
  and they think they will be richer by not paying taxes . 
  the reality is : - most of them had lost access to affordable healthcare since reagan . 
  coughing ? 
  oh well , just wait it out . 
  could be the first signs of something bad true , but you ca n't afford $ 100 on the doc immediately either way . 
  - forget the two home ( main & holydays ) , the two cars . 
  most of their kids wo n't own anything bare a work beater . 
  - most of the us infra is collapsing or in total shit ( stuff like bridges or utilities or comcast ) . 
  half the country is a `` rust belt '' . 
  - utilities that costs absurd prices - stuff like research ( rand ) , the space program & co that made the us a technical superpower went to the trashbin because no money left for it - the education system is a financial disaster . 
  there are no other words . 
  how do you justify causing $ 200 ' 000 of debts to 20y old student ? 
  etc etc  their problem was actual fraud , to the point that 0 taxes were paid by people . 
  in one case it 's legal if the libertarian and `` tax breaks for corporation first then extended to the population for cheap votes '' peoples have their way ; in the other new democracy in greece stopped watching tax income for cheap votes too so shortly after people decided not to pay them at all ( so basically the same but without the law written officially ) . 
   yes , that guy is a dumb fucker , why does n't he try to buy more money ? 
  he would have more money / s well what did invented minimal wage ? 
  how about the workers restart building unions in france ? 
  ah yes , sorry , it 's true it 's litterally communism because-cgt and therefore should be avoided at any costs / s, 
   but this is kantian philosophy , i believe : you always have a choice , even if it 's a shitty one . 
  no , this is social darwinism : `` do what i say , or end up homeless/dead / ... '' it 's the same logic that gave us martin shkrelli : `` give me 1000 $ / pill or die from horrible cancer that slowly kills you over months '' . 
  homelessness is just a lot slower . 
   landlords had to get the money to buy and maintain the property in the first place . 
  they invested in order to get the money back and hopefully get even more through reliable monthly rent payments . 
  unfortunately , this is more and more of a myth like the `` job creators '' . 
  most of them nowadays outright inherited lands or used shady practices to get money to acquire them . 
   they invested in order to get the money back in my humble mind it 's like when the us tolerate private utilities or healthcare at multi million bills : this is n't `` making money back '' , it 's homelessness blackmail . 
  a few big promoteurs colludes nowadays and earn most housing and the rest follow because why lower prices when you can just line up and make bank . 
   to do so , they have to offer people accomodation . 
  or the state could , at a fraction of the price . 
  you might think i 'm exagerating , but i 'll say the private/public price comparison is the same in healthcare than in housing exhibit a : http://www.commonwealthfund.org/~/media/images/publications/issue-brief/2015/oct/squires_oecd_exhibit_07.png?la=en ( the '' - '' means it 's simply free in a public hospital because you already paid for it with your taxes . ), 
  the us have a private healthcare system ( that was so terrible and non working because nobody could afford it they are now going for a public single payer one in the near futur ; using what was basically a republican plan written 20 years ago when they were less crazy ) . 
  the european have a public healthcare system that cost a fraction of that price ( mostly free for final customers ) . 
  housing 's the same . 
  the moment you remove the incentives to extract at all costs every last buck of profit out of everyone , prices are suddenly a lot lower . 
  housing and utilities are not free either way . 
  someone has to pay and/or work for the house to be built and for the utilities to work , so `` free '' housing basically means having someone else pay for it , but why would they want to ? 
  hospital and ct machines are n't free either , they costs millions and countless hundreds of billions in medical research for meds and tech and building and paying countless healthcare personnal . 
  but you managed to pay for it with your taxes . 
  wondering where the rest of the millions the us asks for it on top goes ? 
  * personnal profit * of a few oligarchs . 
   but why would they want to ? 
  we did n't asked `` private devellopers '' to build our hospitals for us . 
  the state build them , run them , and help people get access to healthcare . 
  the same could be done with housing . 
  the part that annoys me is i 'm not sure how we could do a proper transition without causing widespread economic damage right now . 
  so i think it 's better to wait * for now * till we have a proper solution . 
   companies and employers are n't an endless source of value/money that they can give away to any one of their workers . 
  well ; turns out that with de facto 60 % taxes in france we are still in business so ...  you ca n't just keep pushing the minimum wage up and expect them to pay for it . 
  turns out we managed to 5x the us tax rate in france for welfare and still survived it . 
  i guess that proves the naysayers at least are n't telling everything they know being true ? 
   but at some point it will become unprofitable for the company and they will have to fire them and either move their business elsewhere or shut it down . 
  that point for the owner being `` when the money stop falling from the sky without having to do anything '' . 
  as long as `` personnal profit generated  0 '' keep being true , the owners will keep trying to stay owners . 
  because i never met an oligarch that refused money . 
  because when they want 0 taxes on themselves like the average gop member in the us , they want to close up the entire public sector and privatise it all . 
  next thing you know , potable water costs 700 $ / mo like in detroit and everyone looses access to it while the guy runs to some tropical island with all the money . 
  do n't tell me it 's impossible in europe : it 's a big part of why greece outright crashed and why spain nearly followed . 
  so generally people who do n't want to pay taxes are either one of the fraudsters themselves of think they are going to be one of them and make bank ( ever heard about `` temporarily embarassed billionaires '' ? 
  aka usefull morrons ) . 
   there 's plenty of garbage done by governments which wastes money , like unnecessary wars . 
  of course theorically in that case the solution would be to find and push for new representant who should recover the wasted money and fix spending . 
  not starting to try and fraud the system for your personnal benefit . 
   yeah , and in order to pay into that system , people need to work a % age do , yes . 
  but we can easily find a % age of interested & well paid workers without having to enforce quasi slavery in the system . 
  giving good conditions and pay & more reasonable non forced hours ( 20 and not 80 ) would attract people a lot more than `` work or get homeless '' like some asshole wants to enforce on everyone . 
   but you can say the same thing about forcing people to pay taxes , regardless of what they 're being used for . 
  actually no . 
  you can live ( or try living ) in autarcy . 
  but then you do n't get access to school , utilities or healthcare . 
  of course , for some reasons , most tax frauders still want to get full advantages of living in big society but still want all the tax money in their account . 
  `` officially '' he earns 646,25 euros as a mayor from a small village of less than 500 . 
  then , as most french mayor of small villages he has no defined hours which means they generally have a job and do like 1h/week as mayor ; and above all they can in fact bill everything as an `` expanse '' . 
  it 's a bit like ceos use a corporate credit card : the average politician expanse in france include expansed car , expansed gas , expansed utilities , expansed groceries , expansed everything . 
  he basically lives on state payroll + 600 $ cash without even any actual work obligation bar some paperwork . 
  and that 's discounting any other fiscal advantages , potential housing help and other workfare/welfare ( rsa , allocation familiales , etc ) . 
  de facto the guy likely get the equivalent of 2/3k a month from the state . 
  without even counting the usual `` second '' ( real ) job . 
  and retirement paycheck with a political job in france tends to be * very * generous . 
  hell , in some case they cumulate both the retirement and the work paycheck ( s ) . 
  generally when a gov-paid politician complain about his wage or associated retirement he might not be telling the entire truth . 
  no , they pay taxes so the system keep existing around them . 
  they directly benefit from it everytime they get access to healthcare ( because no you ca n't pay a 100m surgery , even if you are wealthy . 
  no you did n't paid that scanner machine , or years of scientific advancement ) , everytime they use a road , everytime they flip the power button and the lights switch on ( because of state paid powerplants ) , everytime they put their kid in a school , everytime ... 
  it 's not even `` for the others '' . 
  that 's just the excuse used by people who would rather steal tax money for their own immediate benefit even if it means the system crashing for everyone else 10 years after their death of old age . 
   but they did not have to work for it , to be entirely honest i do n't think landlords own ( or otherwise deserve ) the average half pay check they collect from people who merely want to survive at home , but that 's just me . 
   they get it for free from someone else 's work , no , the landlord and utilities get that money mostly . 
  the unemployed himself generally see nothing of it . 
  and i do believe housing & utility should be state owned & free but oh well i still do n't see how that could be switched to without breaking the system currently so ...  while the workers will lose 8 hours a day working hard for it . 
  here 's the real problem . 
  the worker here is the one getting fucked over .
