  it 's almost a trap . 
  and maybe we did a mistake by supporting it at the time , sorry . 
  i now think they should have outright defaulted & let the bank die at that time . 
   greece can at any time default their loans but they could n't without being kicked out of the eu and tsipras was elected to stay in . 
  and germany openly used that to blackmail them into signing the most humiliating treaty they could get away with and that would maximise german money return . 
   however what they do n't have right is to think that after that the other eurozone states or the imf would give them loans . 
  if the golden dawn takes power , they wo n't give two shit . 
  they 'll probably even kill a few people from the get to go to earn themselves point at home . 
  it 's like trying negociating with putin while he 's busy sending tank trains in ukraine . 
  and you know who scores just behind syriza ? 
  yep , the gd . 
  oh and also since lots of those bastards where jailed they 'll not listen to anyone even remotely reasonable that oppposed them . 
  by making syriza a complete failure , you offered them power . 
  oh and you know who is the most hated man in greece ? 
  mr sch\u00e4uble , or so i hear . 
   but what the greek governments ca n't do is to force other countries to give them new loans . 
  no , but what the black block can do is ignore the gov when they get even more fed up than pseudo `` reasonable '' people like me ; and start acting like the red army movement in germany 20y ago . 
  remember ? 
  let alone talking about the gd that would just re arm the country if they could get away with it . 
   the problem with syriza is that they believed that they are vanguard of european economic revolution . 
  that was idiotic , but for some reason i 'll take them over the violent golden dawn nazi any day of the year . 
   would have made market liberalizations , neo liberalism and `` trickle down '' theory does n't work . 
  the living standard in free fall since 5y in greece ( despite enforced neoliberalism since 2007 ) are the exact proof of that . 
  the gdp was `` rising '' but most of the population is living on 800/mo . 
  why ? 
  because the money all goes to the oligarchs and nothing moves . 
  syriza was elected to change that . 
  if you ca n't understand why people are tired of eating pastas for every meal , heating a day on two in winter , making do 20km without the car to save on gaz , `` forgetting '' 20 % of their groceries at the register because they do n't have enough money for it , and selling stuff lying at home to pay the rent month after month , then maybe you are a bit disconnected from the real situation in greece . 
   would have cut excessive public spending and corruption while that is definitely needed , stuff like `` let 's sell the akropolis to germany '' is just completely bonkers . 
  they 'll fight you to the last before that happen . 
  it 's like if germany decided to suddenly sell berlin because of standing bills . 
  that 's never going to happen , ever . 
   it would have gained political capital no they would n't . 
  germany makes ridiculous amounts of money on the poverty and lack of competitivity of southern countries like italy or greece . 
  if their economy pick up again , germany loose money . 
  so of course it 's not popular in germany to help them rebuild for example by letting them print euros . 
  are you screams indicating i 'm wrong ? 
   , they were n't constructive at all well , neither was mr schauble from times to times either . 
   and now everybody in greece is paying for that now when the banks are closed for the third week in a row . 
  paying they will ; but if germany touch & intend to annexate the land by force ; i 'll stick to my disgusting side and i can already tell you they 'll get 200 factory fresh reserve t72 tanks that were intended for ukraine . 
  because if s do n't do it on their own terms , the nazi golden dawn will . 
   oh just fuck off already , you utter disgusting excuse for a human being . 
  this is n't the first time germany jokes about annexing greek land for their debts but i 'm the `` disgusting excuse for a human being '' ? 
   germans and the german government do n't have some personal beef to pick with greece . 
  well ; maybe you should n't talk without bothering reading how the discussions actually went ? 
   other countries want is a fucking equal partner in greece and not a corrupt , unviable state yeah and the french ( my country ) said the same while doing our worst mistake in history by far since slavery , forcing down the versaille treaty on germany , taking away massive chuncks of their national product and force reducing everyone in poverty to pay the debts . 
  that gave us wwii . 
  you think i 'm exagerating ? 
  ffs , they forced syriza to start abolishing ekas or no deal . 
  what 's ekas ? 
  a welfare subvention given to people who have to survive on pensions well below the poverty line ( i 'm talking people who make do with like 400 $ / mo ) . 
  and apparently that too was part of `` spending like a drunken sailor '' ( c ) . 
   with the scruples of north korea right , because greeks are known for running concentration camps and spending all their money on the dear leader ? 
  well spoilers , how are they going to feed the population if all the money to do that is going back to germany ? 
   the germans alone have given the greeks tons and tons of euros i think you are confusing the words given and loan with interests . 
   many countries in the world allow private individuals to buy beach properties and they do n't have any problems . 
  most countries are n't forced 300b in debts . 
   most of the land is owned by private individuals . 
  and they are n't force dictated at debt point that they have to retroactivately revokate any and all spending passed by the elected governement since february . 
   the spanish neither have n't had any problems with private individuals buying and building private property on the sea shores . 
  nor they are held hostage by germany because germany as a personnal hate for syriza & friends because they refused to sell the country the treaty was already humiliating enough , but beaches ( basically the only thing they have left ) and the akropolys on top of it ? 
  you 'll only have war . 
  it start by some beaches but before you know it the entire greek coast is walled ( because it 'll be the only way they 'd have to pay the never ending debt and it 'll be forced on them ) and greek are all living in extreme poverty and penned in factories to work for their german debt-owning overlords who owns their former beaches and spend all their time in the sun . 
  yeah that 'll probably wake up familiar and very very distastefull memories to the population with very predictable results ( protip : they 'll take arms to take back control of their country and there 'll be violence . 
  individual foreigners owning houses in one thing . 
  but you want athens , the akropolis site and islands force annexed by germany ? 
  you 'll have to take it from the army 's cold , dead hands . 
   on such occasions i feel quite good about never bothering to even understand how twitter actually works , let alone have an account . 
  because ignoring the problem by not understanding it will make it go away , right ? 
  if the foreign creditors cease greek land it will be treated as an invasion & declaration of war and the greeks will have to fight for their own survival . 
  it 'll be treated like the russian invasion of ukraine . 
  as simple as that . 
  well except if the leader of said world cup team ( germany ) was busy selling away & backstabbing some of his players ( greece ) like it was the treaty of versailles ; then you 'd start thinking it 'd might be good if the englishs could act as a counterweight . 
  at some point there 's probably going to be a ( very unilaterral ) rewrite of that one , even if i do n't know how . 
  so the plan is to complain that corruption is bad and do nothing about it as a society ? 
  meh , the uk would have had the possibility to act as a counter power to germany that way . 
  as much as i like the country , i 'm starting to think power goes to their head too ( something something greek crisis ) . 
  it 's obviously not up to me , but i 'd be all for giving more representation / decision making power to the uk too in exchange for a bit of help . 
  that 's why there 's that thing called `` whistleblowing '' where you give the info anonymously , i guess ? 
   mps would never vote to give up their immunity , since most are corrupt . 
  make a new party , spread the word to the population , vote out the entire current gov ; remove those absurd laws , investigate systematically the entire former apparatus , and jail every really corrupt high level official ; and anyone that refuse to stop being corrupt & go clean ; mass lustration of the political apparatus & justice ? 
   our parliament recently proposed a law which decriminalizes every corruption act as long as it was done by a present or former mp . 
  ... o_o ca n't the dna arrest the guy that proposed that one ? 
  it 's about impossible he 's clean . 
   a resignation from his mp and pm positions would mean losing his immunity against searches and full prosecution . 
  maybe they need to pass a law that say that mps do n't get immunity , nor even pm in case of already blatantly proven corruption ? 
  ( but then they 'd be able to investigate only quietly and not publickly , to avoid disclosing any legitimate top secret stuff ) . 
   according to the bbc 's summary the growth package does n't sound like a done deal : well , if they do n't get that one it 'll be felt in greece like outright high treason by the troika , after imposing such terms . 
  the agreement is that greece would get financial help in exchange for what is essentially suiciding their entire economy and abolishing such a big part of welfare and government spending . 
  edit : honestly ? 
  even if by some miracle the gd nazi were n't elected and/or did not try to shoot on sight eu-friendly diplomats ; at some point i 'd expect [ part of the blackblock anarchists ] ( http://australiafirstparty.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/black-bloc-anarchists-protest-against-g8.jpg ) to get tired of lifelong extreme poverty , outright go rogue , ignore any orders and [ start an ira-like terror campaign ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism_in_germany ) . 
  this is not a threat , this is me saying we 'd loose entirely control of the situation . 
  the assets transfered will remain in greece `` physically '' . 
   this investment would anyway been given through european funds , you have anything written down that support such a theory ? 
  ( i suspect no , obv . ), 
  because right now if it 's not written down , it doesnt count : x, 
  that 's the difference between the bailout and growth package imho . 
  the bailout goes straight to bank & debts & liquidity problems ; and the growth package goes to help growth . 
  but let 's wait the next leaks ( if any ) to see what they came up with precisely ( i plead guilty , i fell asleep a few hours at the end , sorry ) edit : https://twitter.com/econhedge/status/620525802778718208/photo/1 ... : /, 
   prime minister alexis tsipras said that after a `` tough battle '' , greece had secured a `` growth package '' of $ 35bn ( # 25bn ) , and won debt restructuring .
