  they 've been avoiding and defrauding taxes for a very long time with their old `` i do n't want to pay any taxes or leave the country '' ) . 
  it 's time they pay a bit back to society what they owe . 
   launch the tender process for the issuing of 4g and 5g licences . 
  that 's always fresh cash in the register and will help push new technologies on the market (  growth ) , good idea ; 100 % agreed oh also the document is longer this time ; so ; :  on garnishments , adopt legislation to eliminate the 25 percent ceiling on wages and pensions ... i do n't have precise data here but please be careful ; that one can really , * really * hurt a very large part of the population . 
  a lot of people are late on their mortgages or debts . 
  if you collect all their income , you will risk enormous social unstability . 
  try telling a big part of the population that their next 10 paychecks does n't exist because it 's the late mortgage payment , but they have to keep working `` for free '' so that the bank collects all their money . 
  that would be bad . 
   `` while ensuring reasonable living conditions '' please define `` while ensuring reasonable living conditions '' precisely . 
  that 's what the 25 % are supposed to be . 
  and we are talking about removing it . 
  lots of people are already earning 600e/month . 
  if you leave them 200 $ / mo and collect all the rest ; they 'll go crazy . 
  and if you collect on accounts without limits either , it could also cause a catastrophic bank run : if you tell the population you will empty their accounts entirely , they 'll all run to empty it before that happen . 
  cyprus avoided it by the skin of their teeth by setting * an haircut * of a few % . 
  do we really want to do it without a well defined limit ? 
  that 25 % limit exist for a very good reason imho . 
  relevant : http://uk.businessinsider.com/70-of-greek-mortgages-arent-being-paid-2015-6?r=us i know this would make the troika/creditors scream , but i 'd suggest putting a floor of takehome 1000 $ / mo on the collectable part of income ( basically , anything they earn below 1000 $ ca n't be collected . 
  above could be within a certain agreed limit set in the document of course ) . 
  another possible help mesure could be a temporary moratorium on private citizen debts ( without interests ) ( by debts i intend the big crippling ones like mortgage on the home you live in , on the car you use to go to work , etc ) within defined criterias . 
  not appliable to corporations and companies more than 3 individuals ( bigger than family ) of course . ), 
  or making more than xxx euros a year . 
  it would probably be realistic right now to prevent stalling the economy and everyone to declare bankruptcy . 
  people ca n't pay debts honestly if they ca n't pay the utilities or other bills in time first . 
  and according to that : http://greece.greekreporter.com/2014/09/25/6-3-million-greeks-threatened-by-poverty/ it means about 60 % of the population is * already * threathened by potential poverty currently . 
  please think about how much you are personally earning , and how much money you 'd left the average greek to survive ( oh and for the `` not my debts , not my problem '' , well if greece default or explode in a maidan-like-but-bloodier revolution it 'll partly be your problem too so ... : / / sorry to be blunt but it 's not that far away either if syriza fails in the population 's eyes . 
  syriza was already elected by saying they would change radically everything . 
  and greeks citizens already think they ai n't radical and strong enough in their change . ), 
  hear me out , i know i 'm making a lot of that point , but if people have `` debts '' , it means they do n't have the money to pay those immediately . 
  if they had it , they 'd not have debts . 
  starting to cease everything they have left is probably not a good idea . 
  let 's not push the population too far on that point , please ? 
   improve tax debt write-off rules [ to be specified ] ; another very important bit to specify i think \\ ^ \\ ^ ''  \u2022 combat fuel smuggling , via legislative measures for locating storage tanks ( fixed or mobile ) ; sorry to complain again , but should n't those police ressources be better allocated against human traficking ( e.g : of immigrants ) ? 
   \u2022 produce a plan whereby the sgpr intensifiesfight to tax evasion and undeclared deposits , by checking bank transactions in banking institutions in greece or abroad , with a view to recover unpaid taxes ; definitely agreed , time to track better the big cash flows leaving or entering the country . 
  there 's probably a few billions of euros recoverable there . 
  it should be a major priority attached to fighting tax evasion/fraud . 
   mendments to the household insolvency law to introduce a mechanism to separate strategic defaulters from good faith debtors as well as simplify and strengthen the procedures and introduce measures to address the large backlog of cases ; 100 % agreed ; processing a default on debts for lack of proper ressources is n't an excuse for fraud . 
   ( i ) reduce red tape , including on horizontal licensing requirements of investments and on low-risk activities as recommended by the world bank very much needed too . 
  there is way too much administrative red tape in greece . 
  another important point where greece has serious work to do . 
  i think you meant `` 189 % '' . 
  ( it 's probably around 60 % in reality ; and that 's pretty much due to the state run propaganda cult of personnality constantly painting him as a russian superhero on tv . 
  without it 'd be half that . ), 
   the distilleries buy at a fixed price regardless of where it came or how much it cost ( assuming ofc same quality ) . 
  if they ca n't find enough to sell it at that price they 'll be forced to pay higher ones to keep running and selling sufficient volume . 
   no , because we are competing against spain and italy , who have to make those come from way further away than greece . 
  i also doubt that their prices are lower than greece . 
  they also have further taxes and frequently higher wages and their own economic difficulties that might incitate them to make prices higher sooner or later regardless . 
   and even if there is a price increase , the mainland farmers will benefit more . 
  so what ? 
  is it illegal to have be less impoverished in one place than another ? 
   those subsidies exist in order to guide a country to produce that thing and stop producing the other thing . 
  incentives . 
  those subsidies are there to ensure we do n't loose food production capacities , should we find ourselves unable to import enough food in europe . 
  as long as greece remains in the eu , the agro subsidies will keep flowing one way or another . 
   $ 1100/year in my pa 's case which are 1100 $ that the greek gov would not be able to find out , and that much less money cycling the already starved economy x tens of thousands of farmer , putting further stress on the system . 
  and this is just one of a very large number of subsidies that would risk vanish . 
  i 'm not saying there would n't be some people trying to get the eu to help greece , but the situation would be a lot harder . 
  just because there are contingences and backup plans ( that probably involve screwin germany of a lot of money : x ) in case of catastrophe or grexit does not mean staying in the eurozone ( ... not at all costs , for the moment , ok ) would n't be somewhat better . 
   if they payed the same vat with the mainland olive growers , they would n't be able to compete . 
  is this really about competition ? 
  i mean , there is a volume of demand , and they are part of the supply . 
  people are n't going suddenly to stop eating olive based products . 
  however it might means prices will rise a bit . 
  tho since it 's food , the customers should be able to benefit from the lowered food-related vat so they 'll ( in practice ) loose little . 
   that 's why the existence of a lower vat is a necessity for islands . 
  there are a lot of need , but `` not getting kicked out of the eu '' is probably more beneficial to said farmers . 
  yes they will make less money . 
  but this is probably one of the lowest priority right now with that kind of debt disaster . 
  please remind me how much money they get from farming related subsidies ? 
  if greece is kicked out , they loose all that too . 
  you know there has to be cuts somewhere and the imf is obsessed with the vat : /, 
  what about the fact that the local island farmer has an economical advantage next to imports because he does n't have to transport far to sell to locals ; unlike supermarkets & so on ? 
  sorry , i did n't meant the definition , i tackled a bit the point . 
  it 's just me but i think we could expand it a bit to common basic groceries simply speaking ; that does n't seem abusive to me . 
  stuff like washing machine powder , shampoo , etc. 
  the gov would have to maintain a `` chargemaster '' list of what is eligible , off course . 
  i saw the leaked counter proposals ; well :  and a reduced 13 percent rate for unprocessed food `` unprocessed '' ? 
  edit : sorry , i did n't meant the definition , i tackled a bit the point . 
  it 's just me but i think we could expand it a bit to common basic groceries simply speaking ; that does n't seem abusive to me . 
  stuff like washing machine powder , shampoo , etc. 
  the gov would have to maintain a `` chargemaster '' list of what is eligible , off course . 
   and ( iii ) eliminate discounts , including on islands unpopular but definitely needed , i agree  reduction in the expenditure ceiling for military spending by $ 400 million with a targeted set of actions [ added by troika ? 
  including a reduction in headcount and procurement ] . 
  the reduction in headcount will prove troublesome . 
  i 'm note sure that one is possible honestly ( making ex soldiers without a job and with no alternate gov-sponsored job offer during a difficult economic climate ? 
  could be asking for trouble :\\ \\ ) . 
  however i 'm sure they can find the $ 400m reduction and complete it with other cuts in the defense spending ( amongst other things by suspending military foreign procurations ) . 
  they could also offer the `` surplus '' military hand `` reclassification '' ( civil service ) to save on hirings on other jobs ( construction comes to mind amongst other things . 
  ie stop hiring partly construction crews and re assign vets there , the gov should n't want them out of sight to be honest )  gradually phase out the solidarity grant ( ekas ) for all pensioners by end-december 2017 ugh . 
  i take it it is related to that one ? 
  http://www.eurofound.europa.eu/observatories/eurwork/articles/other/government-grants-social-solidarity-aid-to-vulnerable-groups pensioners ca n't be in financial difficulties now ? 
  : / that point 's a bit creepy sorry . 
  otherwise i guess there 's no real choice on the rest . 
  i do n't know what tsipras reaction will be but i understand this is mostly about as good as greece will get . 
   usually in the human trafficking racket , too . 
  and that that should be jail automatically . 
  there 's definitely work to be done on that side ( cracking down on human traficking networks ) ; especially in eastern europe i believe ? 
  the problem is generally dealers are `` just '' users who buys more for people around them to sale to buy more for themselves . 
  basically they are addicts too exploited by the problem .
