  as a french , sorry for those morrons , it was the right thing to kick them out, 
   in between are books , they convey , together with the `` wahhabi fashion '' , the proselytism of an islamist fringe group , whose ideology many keep out of weakness or ignorance , for the message of the qur ` an . 
  this aims to hold `` muslims '' in the islamist orbit , dominate and control the community , to promote the secession from the rest of society . 
  so , this article argues it 's ksa funded wahhabism issue that tries to build a parallele society ? 
   because he dared to remember the values of the republic , the institute director became the victim of a brutal campaign of intimidation , received threatening letters , his car was damaged , he was beaten . 
  what do the police do ? 
  so we also got a problem with police not doing their job properly either . 
  religious hate and violence from the muslim side should also lead to arrests . 
   that 's a lot of money , especially on a per capita basis , only for a year or two ( think of it as an initial cost ) . 
  if you account for decades of investment on the average german like advanced education , healthcare , ... the spending is n't the same at all . 
   but how do you enforce that ? 
  using benefits and housing conditions as carrot & stick  what if they claim to be sick , traumatized or disabled and ca n't work or study ? 
  the same that we do with handicaped workers : medical examination  will you establish a huge bureaucracy to find out which ones are faking it ? 
  no , if i were asked to do that kind of triage i 'd just ask the local medical doctor attached to the camp or medical crew or similar to have a look and give an opinion ( oh and btw fraud is n't exclusive to foreigners . 
  i quite remember a story about some town in sicilia driving themselves to opticians to get papers proving they were legally blind and entitled to disability pension ... )  or just the ones that look middle eastern ? 
  no , you are classified as a refugee or not depending on your country of arrival , justification you gave and paperwork . 
  somebody coming in with a work visa obviously wo n't be treated the same as somebody who smuggled themselves in and come in without official papers . 
  well in my humble opinion , part of what they have to accept if they come here is that they will have to integrate . 
  that is at least learning the local language and picking a set of trade skill ( s ) ( ie job ) if they do n't yet have one . 
   but i do blame politicians for spending extraordinary amounts of money on migrants to get international brownie points and lower the wages for the working class . 
  2 % of the budgets , eu wide . 
  it 's however the perfect excuse indeed to lower the wages of public employees and just pocket the difference . 
  well ; what would you do about isil , that would n't get the us swamped in the sector for another 20 years or cause them to reappear just as fast behind when you leave ? 
   everyone ? 
  haha no . 
  there 's plenty of pro-isil supporters all over the world . 
  there are more isil supporters tweeting from the united states than from egypt . 
  wel then maybe it 's time to start arresting the actual culprits & daeshis terrorist supporters instead of targetting the civilians trying to escape their clutches ? 
  please remind me why you have that patriot act . 
  time to put it to proper use for once no ? 
   refugees on states that do n't want them . 
  33 states , of last count , do n't want anything to do with the refugees , it 's not that they oppose * refugees * , it 's that they 'll oppose whatever obama will do . 
  right now , republicans would sign with adolf hitler himself if obama was potus during wwii . 
   since they 're not staying in obama 's home and they 're not sleeping in the governor 's or anyone 's home either . 
  refugee camps are generally put in fields or other empty spaces like deserts and if not they use empty housing in low cost areas ... can we stop with that bs for a second ? 
   but people that oppose and stand against the kkk are never shouted down by anyone , except the kkk . 
  and everyone oppose isis ( aka is , daesh , ... ) or al quaeda and i do n't think anybody shoot down criticism against them ? 
  well , if anyone still protect isis , that would be a pretty terrible choice because isis will kill them too at some point . 
   look man , i 'm not saying i 'm for shariah law . 
  i was n't accusing you off supporting it ; if anything i agree with you on that point !, 
   president obama wants to take in something like ten thousands refugees from syria , and i feel that 's complete insanity . 
  if he wants to let them in so badly , they can all bunk down in the white house . 
  on the other hand i disagree with you there ; and no you do n't put the refugees on the command center no matter how well that look in the press sorry , there are designated areas for that ; and most refugees are people that fled said daesh extremists . 
  they do n't support them , they 're their former victims . 
   muslims attacking people has gone way and far overboard , and the politically correctness can no longer continue in this regard . 
  and kkk christian people did terrible things ( cross burnings and stuff ) in fuckin florida & mississipi . . that was a problem too . 
  can we stop with generalisations ? 
  edit a few days older but : http://www.thetelegraphandargus.co.uk/news/14032047.update__bradford_muslim_leaders_condemn_paris_terror_attacks/, 
   that 's not how shariah law tells it . 
  well then if they attack bystanders in the street fuck that `` shariah law '' , it has no place in occident . 
  how about we enforce that bit with cops patrols in the `` bad neighborhoods '' ? 
  every person attacked by islamists will only strengthen our resolve to stop them . 
  and yet they were n't migrant at all but had local papers . 
  they just took a detour . 
  talking about the migrants themselves :  migrants in calais ' jungle hold a minute 's silence  migrants in the ` jungle ' near calais observed a minute 's silence to pay homage to the victims of the attacks . 
   almost 100 migrants observed it in a church in the camp . 
   an iraqi kurd named ako , who started the spontaneous gesture , said : `` we are fraternal with france and understand the drama which these people endured . 
  we were also persecuted by isil , it 's why we fled the country '' . 
  ca n't wait for the rightwingers to tell me how they `` are violent people who approves of all that '', 
   like seriously , 2 refugees ended in romania from mistake and started crying , they asked to be sent back to serbia when caught , do you even understand how offensive that feels to us ? 
  well if that makes you feel any better a few did complained about accomodations in luxembourg ( ! ), 
  and going to sweden ( without even being there yet ) because they were worried about `` bad conditions '' there haha . 
  some people are a bit entitled too . 
   eastern europeans people and western european peoples have completely different problems , different worries and financial situations that said , i can get that okay . 
  you 're right . 
   have a good day  haha thanks , have a nice day too , 
   but if we look in africa , most probably do n't even have a house ( rented or not ) . 
  yes , but european countries are supposed to have better standards that africa . 
  that 's what we worked so hard to ( re ) build our countries for ( after wwii ) . 
   but that society is still shit , you do n't need to tell me , but that 's partly why i 'm hanging out on that sub . 
  except that now thankfully to china mass manufacturing everything and starting to robotize and largely selling everything under the sun online on ebay & co & their prices constantly crashing , goods prices will be less and less of an issue . 
  the lack of income will remain one tho . 
  if you ai n't paid you ca n't buy anything regardless of the price . 
   a fridge when you 're just 20 , wow o.o shit , are you serious ? 
  did we really fell that bad ? 
   the important thing is this : if all other appliances take you 1000 euros , than from an eastern point of view you enjoy on average life way too much . 
  because i could afford a computer , a microwave and a fridge when i was a 20y old ? 
  that 's the definition of `` enjoying life too much ? '', 
  well fuck me then i guess i 'm just as bad as old y ' haha . 
  get real for a second . 
  those cost like 2 $ to produce , literally . 
  no , i 'm not joking . 
  assembly line manufacturing costs nothing per unit . 
  the issue is n't that i got those , the issue is that your employer is too greedy to pay you enough to buy those ( because he would rather offer himself a new car ) and/or because the manufacturer would rather have 300 $ of marging on everything . 
   ` either you let us in or we join isis and try to kill you ' is not a strong argument . 
  it 's actually blackmail no . 
  it 's either let them in , or isis will kill all their family and 20 years down the line one of them will decide that occident do n't need oil because fuck them , and convince the saudis of that . 
   literally a ponzi scheme . 
  well ; yeah the entire current economy is basically a ponzi scheme . 
  with the workers bringing work in the lowest rung , and corporate america owning the top . 
   all those immigrants will be old one day . 
  we 'll need a lot more immigrants to care for them . 
  but by then hopefully ( and hopefully thanks the machines ) there might be more productivity revenue than costs incured by old peoples . 
  it 's a curve , really . 
   you know this how ? 
  well it 's in the talks about the refugee agreement for a lot of countries is n't it ? 
   the pending massive immigration from africa is not some unstoppable natural phenomenon well . 
  no , but the combinaison of extreme largescale poverty , climate change induced risks of famine , large demographic growth , neocolonialism and the habbit of singing death to ~ ~ america ~ ~ europe can result in a serious phenomenon ; just like it does n't take a genius to understand that a very dry summer and a lot of sun and dry wood and morronic campers making fires can result in a lot of damages . 
   it is driven by government policies inside and outside of europe with the arab spring 's ( or rather winter ) large failure it 's obvious that we ca n't fix everything by ourself in other countries . 
  we can help , but government policies wo n't radically change poverty in one of the world 's worst hell hole where people routinely die of thirst and hunger overnight .
