   and get a new star wars episode every day . 
  i can get behind that !, 
   do you really think mlp is a nazi ? 
  no but i think she ca n't control what really goes on in her party and some of her entourage hide their own nazi leanings yes . 
   i do n't think highlighting the fn 's far right beginnings really does anything anymore because that is not what the fn is about . 
  then i watch the identitaires & fn supporters protest and well . 
  looks like the black shirts ( and not the anarchists ones ) and shaved heads are out in number on a regular basis . 
   she is a real politician , not some speaker at a pegida rally . 
  [ which , sadly , did n't seemed to transfert enough to people around her . 
  ] ( http://www.liberation.fr/france/2015/02/27/islamophobie-homophobie-la-compilation-des-derapages-fn_1210335 ) ( the worst part is probably like 20 % of it was n't entirely wrong but they tend to go too far ... ) running a gov is a business of more than a single person . 
  if half of them are plotting stuff in her back ... edit : thinking over it tho you might have a point when you say that the left tolerate unacceptable `` cultural stuff '' from some immigrants in the name of tradition . 
  you might be right there, 
  well yeah but by then any soldier trained would be running the hell away, 
   the fn is a genuine political party which is manipulated big time by litteral former nsdap members . 
  [ the kind that yell `` heil hitler '' and `` sig heil '' ] ( http://reflexes.samizdat.net/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/grosse-ambiance.jpg )  i do n't know your ethnic background or where you grow up grew up as a white skinned french from lower class in southern france . 
  i guess i 'm a `` former '' leftist hipster without the usual hipster look  and grew up in a pretty bad suburb and can tell you that our problems with the muslims will only get worse as the population increases that 's possible . 
  but the fn build it 's internal program on blamming all muslims & immigrants & families of immigrants for that trouble . 
  does n't that slightly concerns you that you might be right in the middle of the target they intend to blame of all the ills & troubles affecting of our society ? 
   there is a lot of hate , distrust and pure racism from the muslims against the french . 
  yeah . 
  but the fn proxy used by the actual nazis are capable of actually taking power in the elys\u00e9e & all the guns & use them legally . 
  so that do concerns me a lot more . 
   we need mlp to sort this out . 
  well good fuckin luck haha  i would not be deported because i am a contributing citizen who loves france well ; you know , we 're talking about nazis there . 
  the fn was founded by a french neo nazi ( jean marie le pen , mlp 's father ) with negationists and waffen ss hidding after wwii . 
  do you remember how the nazis treated productive french citizens from jewish families ? 
  spoilers : the holocaust , that involved 15 million ( 15 ' 000 ' 000 ) people tortured to death . 
  and now they 're using the same sentances but with muslims . 
  please fill in the blanks yourself . 
  they do n't care how productive & contributing you are . 
  if they can , they would put you to the sword along with everyone else . 
  they 're using you . 
   france would be better off without the thousands of criminals and welfare leechers of foreign background . 
  from my own point of view of a guy who saw tax numbers , the leechers clearly are n't the isolated guys gathering a few hundreds more of welfare than they should . 
  it might , however , be the big corporations who are each of them fucking us over of several billions dollars/euros of tax money ( hundreds of millions and billions , no joke . ), 
  on a yearly basis . 
  people who blame the immigrants and the `` welfare leechers '' are wasting their breaths . 
  that 's the stain on your shirt while the house is burning down & we found out some corporate people resold the extinguishers for a few quick bucks more years ago . 
  so essentially you lead it into a corner and break a thread with a grenade or bick rock dumped from above and it 's useless ? 
  me thinks in those kind of case a nice way to cut it would be to jail them in an eastern european prison , like in romania or hungaria ( we would pay the state for any costs of course ) . 
  that would also discourage people from commiting a crime just to stay in a nicer welfare country ( social shopping ) & some loopholes to avoid extradition , and i do n't see anything major in the rulebook preventing extradition to east eu ( they do n't torture ) or preventing from locking them up 10/20 years after a correct trial . 
   the ones who call it like it is no , they do n't . 
  just because random violence looks attractive does n't mean it 's actually going to fix your social problems or `` like it is '' . 
   recent polls have said that for the french immigration and security are their main concerns . 
  and terrorism . 
  so did the americans after 09/11 . 
  the same brown lynching attitude . 
  where did that left them ? 
  did it fix their society ? 
  you tell me . 
   we need a government who will listen to the people . 
  i say this as a third gen north african . 
  you do understand you would be marked for deportation along your family by the fn if they do go along with that plan unimpeded ? 
  damn , it 's like the hen vote to elect the fox to run the hen house . 
  apologies , you are likely right . 
  it 's not like they broke a bank or assaulted somebody tho, 
   i want the fn to take power or for ump to take on fn policies when they win . 
  the ones with sealing the border to the eu where not even enough food makes it in for the first 2 months ? 
  or the ones where they withdraw from the euro and cause a giant economic stall and inflation unseen since zimbabwe because short of a semi-reserve currency like the euro to back us our cash would be quickly worthless ? 
  ( especially since the fn would manage to antagonize every neighbor faster than even i could do it accidentally  .  ) or the one where they round up millions of second generation `` immigrants '' ( banlieusards ) to deport them to the country their parents or grand parents lived in ? 
  wcgw / s, 
   `` this measure was needed to ensure that the losses from banco espirito santo are absorbed firstly by shareholders and creditors and not by the financial system and taxpayers , '' the bank of portugal said in a statement on tuesday night . 
  i guess we 'll soon be able to compare the difference with the results of the cyprus haircut and see . 
  hopefully it 'll work a lot better, 
  well when we run out in the immediate they 'll pop nimh/nicd cells instead ... those are already readily available . 
  their main flaws are having only 70 % of li-ion capacity , being heavier , and suffering memory effect ( partial discharge/recharge reduce their capacity faster ) . 
  when you buy rechargeable aaa batteries its generally nimh already because cheaper to produce . 
  stuff like : http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16817551027 plus if you find ( long term , 50 + y ) easier ways to process raw waste into their separated base component you could simply buy trash & sell/reuse precious rare metal by the tons without having to bother anyone like sweden do, 
   we need a new breakthrough battery tech for that to happen . 
  telsa proved it was patently false . 
  and gives away the tech for free on top of that . 
  but it 's a `` luxe '' car due to it 's other features so unaffordable for most citizens for now ( 40k $ avg for a 2nd hand one ) . 
  ca n't wait for the models mass produced to come tho . 
   that 's theoretically barely above 17 years until all the lithium is gone on cars alone . 
  - we could finally start recycling batteries properly to recover it instead of burning aaa batteries by the quintillion every years and burrying the ashes ... hell , at some price point we could start realistically recycling already existing landfill for raw materials . 
  sweden 's buying everyone 's waste exactly for that reason hahaha . 
  - some of the usual corrupt oligarchic financial gangs stockpiled huge stockpiles of precious metals hoping for the high point to start selling them bit by bit ... you know like diamonds . 
  - there are likely a lot of undiscovered reserves . 
  oh and btw some are rumored to be in ` stan . 
  yes , * that * afghanistan . 
  the locals really are that unlucky i guess . 
  : x  there is nothing on the horizon to replace lithium batteries for big stuffs like cars or trucks , hydrogen fuel cells are also a viable option , given i believe a bit more research on processes to stabilize said gaz for mass storage & fc efficiency . 
  and for electronics , if it comes to that we can always restart using nimh/nicd instead . 
  the capacity is somewhat inferior but oh well it might force the phone manufacturers to do something about battery life for once haha and expand said battery and study lower power electronics / better optimization instead of just raw 3d processing and shiny graphics and the thinest phone that already last 6h on battery only ( \\* shakes angry fist at samsung * ), 
  the fact that france in the 90 's was led by corrupt bastards more busy plundering the credit lyonnais bank & their neighbors & generally acting like a yanukovich & such is not something we can change fully , sorry . 
  unless you intend to blame the african colonisation on the current gov too ? 
  because , maybe the peoples in charge here since like 20xx are n't the same ones that in the 90s ? 
   not until oecd started naming and shaming countries . 
  it is not as if it was for ethical reasons . 
  are you fuckin kiddin ? 
  we 're the ones that pressured the oecd ? 
   it is not as if it was for ethical reasons . 
  no , it 's for fuckin `` start paying taxes now or the state will bankrupt like greece '' reasons . 
  i 'm not sure a couple idiots lifting a handfull of worthless junk qualifies for anything more than petty crime, 
  if you are going that way we might as well push for a long range `` low cost '' standard electric car ; pollution will be less by an order of magnitude, 
   why do you not want to discuss the cases ? 
  because there is n't much i can do about this apart watching it end now that we get serious about cracking down ? 
   until relatively recently france let french companies write foreign bribes off too to give them a competitive edge against their american counterparts as you write it down yourself , `` until relatively recently '' . 
  we did put an end to this . 
   as most businesses have considerable expenses , including employing people , which most people consider a good thing .
