  so unless specifically prefaced as otherwise ( with for example `` it is only my opinion but ... '' ; a statement by either the president or the first lady would both be taken as government 's word or at least something looked favorably upon by the gov. 
  but maybe it 's a western cultural thing ( ? ), 
  and i misinterpretated that point ( ? ) . 
   found the article in the op lacking and to be intentional disinformation . 
  good point  i also found that people often take media articles at face value it 's less that article in peliculiar than it 's the latest in a long serie . 
  altho you can ( probably rightly ) argue that it could be a media campaign . 
  the problem with that argument is that on the other hand the turkish gov has been taking control of the medias too so they 're not rightly placed to point it out ...  but rather a corrupt populist manipulator that is also very authoritarian and uses the polarization in the country to his benefit . 
  allright , now i already see the similarities with half of our own govs / s  do you think it was made against the correct incident ? 
  i highlighted that incident because i have a problem with several of the statement he made on that point that day and it 's a `` fresh '' incident . 
  i did not highlight other incidents because either they are too old ; either i 'm too dirtied and badly placed myself to comment upon ; or i do n't know enough about them to draw it in public ( or save it for the next time he shell our troops in the sdf ... like some of the corruption ones ) . 
  but hey if it makes you feel better i 'll include a link to this post you just wrote in mine ... i guess you have a right to answer, 
   the laws regarding birth control and children per family in turkey are out in the internet for you to check . 
  good point ; but i also remember that erdogan did not felt particularly bound by the law when it suited him : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/483pjr/erdo%c4%9fan_says_he_does_not_respect_will_not_obey/  i mean this whole conversation did start about you making assumptions and it being very honestly annoying but i am curious , please do answer honestly . 
  talking with you i do realize i might have partly mis interpretated his statement , true . 
  thank you for taking the time to have answered that much . 
  lots of people westward are worried of seeing erdogan taking the country to saudi levels of religion to consolidate his personal power and/or because he started believing in it . 
  the fact that i also constated personally first hand that some of the groups he backed in the syrian civil war are ( now ? ), 
  some of the most extremist islamist groups out there might have twisted my view of things slightly too . 
  i know i 'm limited by my own personnal experience , but some of the things ongoing in idlib `` shocked '' me a bit ( in the sense that `` it 's not something anybody should want in a modern country ; missing a word there sorry ) and definitely reminded me of saudi arabia so i kind of had trouble disagreeing with the others at home when they accused turkey of `` saudification '' . 
   she said that it was an institution of education then why not talk about `` normal '' school instead in that case ? 
   as well as its heir producing purposes well there we come back to one of the dark aspect of that dark age : that 's a risk to see society coming back to something like that . 
  i mean , that cancer isis is doing exactly that . 
  salafism in ksa is doing that with half the population that ca n't even drive a car . 
  a mentality that treat half it 's population like cheptel . 
  and now we see turkey turning religious too and ; quoting the article :  in the past he 's called for turkish women to have at least three children and called birth control `` treason . '', 
   `` you can not free women by destroying the notion of family , '' erdogan said . 
  i 'll repeat myself stupidly as an occidental stuck in my own frame of view sorry , but :  erdogan , talk about freeing women yet he decided for them how many kids they should have and when and if they do n't agree it 's `` treason '' / s figure out the problem sorry but that 's how propaganda work . 
  you make quiet associations of idea without stating them and deny everything when caught . 
   since she was literally saying we should strive for more social equality . 
  despite the rosy goggles and revisionism ongoing ( of which they might be another set of victims themselves ; arguably ) , history taught us in occident that harem society was n't in fact exactly equal in reality ( to say the least / s ) . 
  saying it was a `` good thing '' or `` not entirely that bad '' is almost `` polish concentration camp '' level of revisionism , sorry . 
  which is why i just want to say `` are you fuckin serious ? '', 
  when i hear that ; and i do n't think i 'm the only one here  i am still against demonization of people i have a problem here too because when you point out what people says you argue `` it ca n't really be that bad !, 
  surely you exagerate ! '' . 
  well ... 
   it is true but we should n't do either this or the opposite of completely demonising regimes or peoples entirely i feel . 
  both are extreme viewpoints . 
  you can accuse me of demonizing quasi-salafism-disguised-as-conservatism as much as you want , but that does n't mean it 's not an ideology that has little to no place in a modern society, 
   what 's wrong with acknowledging while a regime or a person in particular might have been wrong on the whole , that they might have also had good ideas ? 
  because it 's a thought process frequently used to whitewash terrible persons or group that commited horrible actions that border on crimes against society and/or humanity . 
  genghis khan genocided like 15 % of humanity in his time ; that 's why nobody use him as an example even if he implemented school everywhere he conquered . 
   people are n't all wrong or all right generally , they all come with their virtues and vices . 
  i 'd love to agree but this is something i generally hear from the republicans as an introduction a couple seconds before they start pushing again something particularly and spectacularly retarded like when they wanted to teach creationism in school or making abortion or alcool illegal in the usa or teach firearms use in high school in texas ; or even that one time they wanted to appoint a flat earther in charge of the space program oversight at congress, 
  quoting myself  well ; from a western cultural point of view ; it 's the equivalent of a 4chaner yelling `` maybe the nazis are n't so bad ; at least trains ran on time and teachers got paid under hitler '' . 
  or when trump says he 'll single out all the muslims in america and force them out and build a wall and send all the bills to mexico . 
  well ; it 's certainly going to make the news when it 's a president ( or his wife ) that 's says it officially to the medias . 
  \\ -  if you had taken the time to read the article you would have understand the issue here . 
  i have read the article , and i still think that it 's something out of the medieval era ; the period that turned europe in the biggest shithole since we crawled out of the caves as a specie edit : and the second obvious problem with his statements :  in the past he 's called for turkish women to have at least three children and called birth control `` treason . '', 
   `` you can not free women by destroying the notion of family , '' erdogan said . 
  the guy , erdogan , talk about freeing women yet he decided for them how many kids they should have and when and if they do n't agree it 's `` treason '' / s figure out the problem, 
   the article itself in the op 's link is taken out of context , see my other post above . 
  harem also had an educational part and that was what she was talking about in particular , saying that education is important . 
  well ; from a western cultural point of view ; it 's the equivalent of a 4chaner yelling `` maybe the nazis are n't so bad ; at least trains ran on time and teachers got paid under hitler '' . 
  or when trump says he 'll single out all the muslims in america and force them out and build a wall and send all the bills to mexico . 
  well ; it 's certainly going to make the news when it 's a president ( or his wife ) that 's says it officially to the medias . 
   frustrating to see same comments about religious extremism or whatever other current media trend about turkey is repeated to you randomly several times a day like a prayer regardless of what your actual political stance is . 
  well ; everytime the akp gov make such comments ; we 're going to point out how religion and medieval thinking is still obviously influencing their actions . 
  something like a harem do n't exist in modern countries since the end of the medieval era for a reason . 
   do n't understand the complex political structure in turkey , one that is made of very polar opposite views on many topics ( hence the rampant polarization in the country with both sides having very low opinions of each other , to an extreme ) and assume we are just a hivemind . 
  we see polarization as artificially maintained . 
  because `` divide & conquer '' is a strategy frequently used by politicians who are more busy holding on their own seat than trying to rule properly their country while they still have time in charge and a mandate there  and assume we are just a hivemind . 
  no , obviously you are not . 
  but state ran media propaganda do seem omnipresent, 
   hanafi is the flavour of islam in turkey and is the school of islamic taught primarily taught and practised here , not salafism . 
  tbh i wonder whether the saudis infected him with their salafism or something  such as his media control which has no basis in religion , was n't he started in the media business by the gullenists ? 
  do n't they use religion as an excuse for all their excesses too ? 
   he was actually quite controversial with comments he made about democracy in some of the more religious countries , telling them to not fear democracy . 
  see , that was good , i agree . 
  now , i still have a problem when the leadership of what used to be one of the most progressive countries in the area start being apologetic for reducing people in slavery ( because , that 's what a harem is ) . 
   do you believe all turks are connected to a hivemind ? 
  no , but medias certainly shape the opinion in a lot of countries . 
  and if the gov seize them all then use them to mold the currents as to say that `` buhhuh the evil eu is just looking for excuses to insult us but really the ottoman empire and islamism is cool '' and push it on tv on a daily basis ; people start believing it in numbers . 
   i 'm talking about actual pkk , do n't try to discredit me by changing subjects . 
  and i 'm talking about the article in topic , i do n't see wtf `` the pkk '' has anything to do with it . 
   it just sounds snobby , arrogant and self-righteous as a result probably because i 'm tired of religious fundamentalists pushing their shitty medieval agenda on the rest of the world . 
  it killed the middle east , and before that it killed occidental civilisation too for a thousand years . 
  the european medieval era was called a dark age for a reason . 
  we did n't need it at the time , and certainly nobody needs it now . 
  and it 's killing the usa too . 
   i believe i have read turks being called extremist fundamentalist isis supporters and will never be european 5 times today alone . 
  then , for a starter , if they did n't openly ( or even quietly ) pushed salafism as a state policy that would n't happen . 
   i do n't believe religion is the biggest or main problem and i am an atheist . 
  point me an extremely religious country where it does not affect society in a hugely negative manner . 
  and do n't even tell me `` the usa '' : the republican evangelists are busy destroying their own country too with people like trump and romney . 
   an english speaking turk heard it thousand times already . 
  then , maybe it 's time to ask yourself questions instead of just ignoring the issue and wondering why everybody keeps ranting about it ? 
   wait a minute , i thought every group fighting against isis is good . 
  they do n't use them against isis , they use them against the sdf ( and saa ) . 
   was n't fighting the isis the first reason why pkk was so loved here ? 
  `` any kurdish leftist must be pkk ! '' . 
  okay , i 'll start with the idea too : `` any akp turk must be an al qaeda or daesh supporter ! '' . 
  see how that sound ridiculous ? 
   do you even get the hypocrisy ? 
  look whose talking  when it fits your view they are good terrorists you are misleading the conversation , trying to find some equality in flaws when there is n't . 
  i fail to see how terrorism has anything to do with the fact that your damn president just had his wife talking about pushing women in harems . 
   http://www.dailysabah.com daily sabah is government propaganda with no ground in reality . 
  it 's about as reliable as sputniknews or fox news . 
  if you believe anything it says you are awefully naive ( or taking me for a big idiot ), 
   you would think he is the muslim messiah , now suddenly he is hitler ? 
  he certainly did a 180 \u00b0 turn in his policy and started to back islamist extremist .
