  ) ] ( https://twitter.com/mike_pence/status/805969839961554945 ) ^ ( sorry ), 
   / r/emuwarflashbacks of course that is a thing haha :d, 
  that eviction plot again ? 
  i thought we had moved beyond that . 
  and it 's not doing germany 's reputation any favors either . 
   nobody would want to associate with [ the ps ] as they will clearly lose the next elections that 's a risk , admittedly, 
   and this new law changes many other laws ( from bankruptcy to terrorism ) . 
  i 'm curious , can you offer any details on that story ? 
  ( it is not a trap question ), 
  after the last scandal forced wedding bill ( which was thankfully dropped i heard ) , that new bill however ( that reinforce protection ) is a lot more welcome , and going the right way, 
  renzi seemed very disappointed . 
  ( i have no position on that referendum , but i 'm a bit sad to see the dude go , he was doing a decent job after berlusconi ), 
  yeah it 's just the market temporarily reacting due to panicky traders . 
  the correction within 24h tends to confirm it, 
  that explains it , thank you, 
   reserve rarion reserve ratio you mean ? 
  but where n't forex reserves supposed to be around 140b for turkey ? 
  and then , things went worse in greece again, 
   imo if bank of turkey can not hold the exchange rate things will go south quickly . 
  they could , but looks like they avoid to keep their dollars liquid instead, 
   by selling dollars and buying lira the price and value of lira relative to the dollar will strengthen . 
  yeah but it 's not the average citizens that are going to make much of a difference . 
  it 's stuff like oil companies or steel production that do  the turkish lira is falling like a rock and anyone swapping foreign currency for try is tying rocks to their own feet in that case, 
  i do n't understand why he 's doing that honestly , economically speaking . 
  forex reserves are reportedly running high there and lira is going downward . 
  he 's asking them to bite the bullet for the gov ? 
   expecting trump to come up with a predictable , clear policy on anything is quite a stretch . 
  to be frank an administration is more than just one person deciding everything at the drop of a hat ( while very tempting it can be a bad thing ; and listening to people trained on foreign & military subjects and paid for that is sometime a good idea even if you do n't have to always agree with them of course ) . 
  so , maybe we can expect some partial clarifications from the white house after the switch . 
  yay , 
  that too , agreed, 
  a bit of common sense \\* nod \\*, 
  shake my head . 
  ... what are they trying again to do ... v_v  too many non-governmental organisations were still `` subordinate to the policies of the previous ruling system '' , oh wait , crush any opposition like erdogan . 
   the move could allow the polish government to put pressure on ngos who have criticised ministers over human rights issues . 
  what a coincidence . 
  well gb leaves the eu so most british citizens will loose the eu nationality sorry . 
  albeit there are consideration whether to make it easier for current expats to get nationality of another eu country they live in , or whether to offer it to the interested in exchange for fees since currently nothing is set in stone and it 's all very foggy , you wo n't have a serious answer right now because i suspect not even the top uk/eu autorities are sur about it themselves . 
  you might want to ask that question again in march maybe, 
  election was rigged for fillon . 
  i 'm pretty sure of it . 
  likely by russia judging by the tricks . 
  it was basically the crimean election without the armed soldiers in the bureaux . 
  fraud everywhere . 
  despite ? 
  he backs them because of the biggotery/racism/antisemitism, 
  they did n't took long xd, 
  because i suspect that banks will be `` kicked out '' only at the very end of the brexit , london will want to keep them as long as possible and play with a50 rules and it 's possible we 'll look the other way on the continent so yeah there 's a good chance i 'll loose the 2017 deadline :-p ( but i 've a bit of spare reddit gold i 'm not running after so no issue ), 
  meh i 'll pay in jan 2017 do n't worry , 
  deal  that said imho i 'm more betting on the end of brexit ( 2019 ? 
  ) ; but yeah i 'll put the 2 months on the table no issue haha, 
   the uk currently sells more insurance to the usa than it sells to the rest of the eu . 
  i 'm sure the famous lloyd 's of london will be happy to hear that the eu is n't actually their primary market anymore ? 
  :p  just to confirm , the uk is not going to cut ties , it is going to stay open . 
  the uk is going to keep an open economy , because that it the best way to have a global financial centre . 
  if the eu decides to be protectionist , the people that will suffer will be eu citizens and eu companies . 
  by eu law to join & get the full advantages of our free market you need to maintain free circulation of people ( with legit eu passports , not illegals ) , that is currently a major sticking point as far as i know, 
   london is a global financial centre . 
  there is no such thing as european finance , but you are n't in the eu market anymore so that mean insurances sold in the uk have no or little value in europe for example . 
  and plenty of problems like that . 
   there is no such thing as european finance good point , and some might end up in nyc and the rest spread . 
  but the closing of eu/uk ties will force the banking system to move . 
  it 's litterally what brexit means . 
  `` you 're not in the eu anymore '' . 
   because the eu wants to cut itself off from a global financial centre we 're not the ones that just voted to leave the euro politic & economic areas ...  do you want to actually bet on this ? 
  i am happy to bet with you . 
  name your amount and put your money where your mouth is . 
  pfft , go for 2 months of reddit gold ? 
  please remind it to me that said because i 'll forget ( do n't hesitate to save the post link or screenshot if you want ) https://www.reddit.com/gold/about/  the uk wants to have a floating currency . 
  that is why we stayed out of the euro that or the capacity to print your deficit to avoid a greek situation  weirdly france does not want to be in control of its own currency . 
  the possibility to directly buy & sell across borders without conversion & ever closer union thing outweights the disadvantages as of now, 
   uk economy is doing great leaving the eu & free market will mean the banks will send their personnal & currency accounts abroad because they wo n't be able to do banking from the uk anymore . 
  which means the pound will crash brutally to like 0.9 $ in a couple months . 
  which means you 'll need more and more pounds to import ; leading to a massive price rise at home on imports . 
  something that costed 1 # a year ago costs now 1.2 # and will possibly soon cost 2.1 # . 
  which will lead to a reduction in imports from france and therefore french farmers to sell their cheese more elsewhere because the corporations follow cash flows and safety , not charity . 
  we 're not going to go all `` sales to the english are now banned !, 
  muhahaha '' obviously , but it 'll bluntly damage your economy : /, 
  the reason they 'll sell elsewhere a bit more will likely be because your citizens wo n't be able to afford french food in such quantities anymore unless it 's given away for near-free : x. 
  if nothing else , the pound crash already removed 1/3 of the wealth of your citizens import-wise it 's like you are self imposing the sanctions on russia but on yourself . 
  of course you can argue `` it 'll stimulate the inner production ! '', 
  but i 'm note quite convinced it 'll make up for it . 
  i think i 'll just sit and watch and let that one play out , if you do n't mind . 
  but whatever economic crash happens will be on the uk . 
  albeit i 'm sure you 'll find some way to blame bruxelles for it, 
   the decision over whether to put tariffs on agricultural products and food that the uk imports will be a decision for the uk . 
  but if other countries decide to use maximal wto tariffs ( 23 % ? ), 
  on you ( that is to let cargo leave their country toward england ) there is little you can do about it without an agreement ...  we do n't need an agreement . 
  we just unilaterally put tariffs at zero if you think you still control the entire world , there 's gon na be another dose of reality that is going to hit soon . 
  of course i 'm sure the queen 's reach is still very impressive , but that probably does n't extend to `` force everyone to apply 0 % tariffs on everything '', 
   no , prices will fall . 
  the french food we import will have no tariffs on it . 
  but , crucially , we can reduce tariffs on agricultural produce from the rest of the world to zero . 
  erh . 
  even if you manage to guilt trip the morronic french leaders into giving you a free trade agreement because they 're afraid to see you starve , i do n't think the rest of the world will follow . 
  hillary might have had , but now with trump and hostile powers around , you 're going to be awoken rudely abroad i 'm afraid :(  current global food prices are lower than food prices in the uk . 
  you are benefiting of eu help to negociate lower tariffs from abroad , if you leave the eu you risk loosing the coverage automatic of our trade agreements with other countries ( except potentially if you stay in the eea and we stretch the law ), 
  here we go again . 
  the usual liars comparing welfare to terrorism implicitely '' * you know who breathed oxygen ? 
  hitler that 's who !,
