what ? 
  the ban at this level is ridiculous, 
  good news , an excellent step, 
  well , as a frenchman , sorry romania !, 
  do n't hesitate to push them in front of justice . 
   no offense but i think you are incredibly naive . 
  germany is the largest economy in europe , and in fact their opportunities within germany are better than anywhere else on the continent . 
  working without papers , social security and getting deported at the slightest opportunity for a 1 $ / h wage with 600 $ / mo of rent ? 
  you 're better off in eastern europe . 
   because they can get jobs . 
  because their country is even more fucked than the 4 $ / h wage they get in the us yeah . 
  thanks to the ultraviolent isis-level cartels . 
  i do n't think those exist in eastern europe ( at least not anywhere near the same scale ) . 
   because begging in germany is virtually guaranteed to be better than begging in eastern europe . 
  but not better than the low level welfare in eastern europe ( or some legit job ) . 
  you really think 100k syrians will all gladly choose beggar hobo for a living ? 
  and i 'm the naive one ? 
   it amazes me people think that giving them no welfare will magically make these migrant suddenly turn around . 
  if you have no income , it 's your only way to eat for sure tomorrow . 
  so you 're going to pause & think a bit before throwing away your lifeline generally . 
   if the migrants perceive that their opportunities are better in germany well , the whole point would be to inform them that * this is actually very much not true * . 
  there is a lot of disinfo spread by the smugglers , and fighting this is important . 
  oh and that bit of welfare is in itself an opportunity you generally do n't want to miss . 
   to hell with welfare and laws . 
  laws in their head maybe , but generally people do n't send to hell their next meals . 
  at worse , we 'd print flyers for little results . 
  or , y' know , we could distribute flyers saying `` no money for you if you swap countries '' . 
  then we 'll have to inform them they 'll only get free benefits if they stay in the country where they are assigned . 
  the fn was founded by a disguised neo nazi ( jm lepen , marine 's father ) with waffen ss friends . 
  i think it 's going to be hard to be more right wing than that . 
  ( oh and jean marie was a `` moderate '' conservative like russia 's zhirinovsky is a `` liberal '' . ), 
  edit : oh and just in case people think i 'm exagerating , the guy suggested using ebola as a solution to overpopulation in africa : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/may/21/jean-marie-le-pen-ebola-population-explosion-europe-immigration, 
  actually we would rather arrest the recruiters . 
  well , time to clean up & arrest the recruiters then is n't it ? 
  \\* points all the people willing to take them on their word \\* ( right , right , forced to stay also in horrible countries such netherlands , austria , belgium , sweden , poland , italy , finland , ... / s ) edit : netherland * s *, 
  what makes right wing `` former '' ( post war ) waffen ss members ; like some of the friends of the party 's founder ( jean marie le pen ; the father of marine le pen who replaced him a few years ago ) ? 
  i mean , ffs , they 're the party that ran the skinheads in france ; you know those people that shave their heads , tattoo themselves huge swatiskas and routinely sing hitlerian songs ? 
  i 'm not exagerating ; and they 're main argument is `` it 's the past '' ... ( while the reality is they never really went away ), 
  different culture . 
  here hate speech and firearms are banned in public . 
  it 's post wwii syndrom i guess . 
  oh and also like 10/15 % of our population has algerian or similar origins ( 2/3/4 / 5 generations ago it was a huge french colony ) so when people start talking about deporting 5 + million french to a country they never went in & confiscate nationality because they 're brownskinned and have a funny name , people start reacting quite a bit . 
   i 'm not saying fn is good in any way , i 'm saying i 'm not sure these specific statements warrant charges . 
  she 'll likely get slapped with a wet noodle , relatively speaking . 
  it 's more to draw the line and tell her not to let her friends start making comment about removing some parts of the population . 
   it is better to know where the lunatics are then having them go underground . 
  we 're not driving them underground or disappearing people ... we just expect them to stay reasonable in public and not call for ethnic cleansing on tv , even if they would really like to rant about it at length . 
  marine lepen is a pretty figure on a ... very , very right wing party ( the front national , frequently shortened as fn ) . 
  she is quite smart and skirt the line between what wo n't lend her in real trouble ( e.g : that comment ) and what would make people truly yell ( actual incitation to violence ) . 
  please note that the fn party has quite the history of ~ ~ maskirovska ~ ~ associating with violent people ( skinheads , `` identitaires '' , ... ) then publickly denying they ever knew them , especially after incidents . 
  negationists , ex ss , neo nazis , kkk fans and other charming people are never very far either . 
  so taking them as innocents-can-do-no-wrong would probably fall into the morronic , sorry . 
  long story short , a lot . 
  most people here think hate preachers should face justice . 
  it 's unlikely she 'll be arrested for that comment ; more probable she 'll get a noticeable fine . 
  `` at worse '' if they really wanted to push they could hit her civil right and make her unelectable , but i doubt they want to make her a martyr for the local ... ultra nationalist party . 
  generally bad during hard times . 
   with 6k more coming every day this is the part that needs the most work upon . 
  1 \u00b0 ) identify economical migrants & send them home 2 \u00b0 ) close the borders : / 3 \u00b0 ) if / when possible process asylum demands at borders or in camps . 
  right . 
  the bleached russian lectures us on mild islam ; while every high level cleric in russia is on gov payroll . 
  reminds me , arent most of our hatefull and conservative imams coming from morocco or saudi & similar lands ? 
  alde is exagerating . 
  hungary has a right to use proportionally non lethal crowd control means when things goes off hand with hundreds or thousands of people , sorry . 
  maybe such an option would have been better used when orban was suppressing press or stealing large amounts of tax money . 
   are you sure ? 
  98 % of refugees that enter europe on the greece-hungary-germany axis have travelled over istanbul 's bridges that 's simply not true . 
  a lot just took a boat from syria to greek islands . 
   but from what i can tell you is that the average sum of money a refugee spends is between 5000-10000 euros one way 2000-7000 on average i 'd say  turkish human traffickers receive the lions share of all the other countries combined . 
  not true either , the turks are paying a lot of people in europe too behind . 
  btw , i still do n't think you realize how little that represent next to the country 's gdp ( 822b a year ) . 
   not true , and in the eu , the refugees are not even close to being treated as they are treated in turkey erh . 
  the painfull truth is they might be better treated in turkey than some countries along the way to western europe . 
   and ever since he and his father have oppressed the sunnis i guess everyone betted he would be the `` western educated reformer '' : /  so he wants to kick them all to europe . 
  well then he tried pretty badly because we got `` only '' a few hundreds of thousands out of 3 + millions in country in reality, 
   because it will increase money flows to turkey for a few millions per month ? 
  that 's pocket money ...  refugees are being jammed into boats under the eyes of turkish police . 
  and eu police till now ...  like erdogan inviting assad in turkish beach resort in 2007 fact is erdogan apparently genuinely tried to befriend him . 
  then assad started massacring sunnis in number at the onset of the civil war . 
  ( edit : darn , never thought i 'd defend the man haha ), 
   the living conditions of syrians in turkey is also denigrating , with rape , exploitation , forced labor , theft becoming daily life soo about the same than in our camps : / \\* points the frontpage \\*  first of all , syrian war refugees are confined in particular camps near the border the registred official ones , yes . 
  1/3 of them however are simply living in turkish cities out of any camps in reality . 
  there 's a lot of things to blame turkey for , but i do n't think refugees camps is one of them . 
  i 'd even say it 's one of the things they actually did right considering their broken economy and various problems . 
  they actually spent serious ressources , time and thinking upon it . 
  about the smugglers , btw i do n't think the turkish mafia takes orders from officials . 
  otherwise , well , they would n't be the mafia . 
  medef is basically the french corporate executive political club ; and total one of the world biggest oil companies . 
  big oil & big money . 
  totally unsurprizing , if you pardon me the pun . 
  you probably would n't be that far from the truth, 
   some true some not . 
  just quick look at numbeo said to me that the increase of food price is just about 1 $ ( somewhere its decrease ) electricity bill is lower average in usa , cloting is almost 50 % cheaper , and since im not a student im not renting , but buying . 
  so lets look at prices of square meter in usa your numbers are wrong ( they are average ) because it 's significantly cheaper in backwater . 
  however you would not live there because you would have very poor access to internet or phone , and be too far from anything to work as a businessman or similar ( edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flyover_country ) . 
  you 'd be pretty much forced to live either in a big city or even one of the coasts . 
  now , i do n't know if you saw the price of houses in nyc , boston or sf but you can take that austrian price and x5 literally . 
  for example : http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/city_result.jsp?country=united+states&amp;city=boston%2c+ma  rent per month apartment ( 1 bedroom ) in city centre 2,295.78 $ / thread  electricity bill is lower average in usa from experience , prepare 200-300 $ / mo for the power bill in california . 
  i 'm not joking . 
  and when i said 500-600 $ / mo for insurance , i 'm not joking either .
