  analysts have several times proclaimed that resources will soon run out , only to have the claim refuted by better drilling techniques the fact that the ressource curse got it 's deadline pushed back several times does not mean they should n't address the problem before it explodes in their face . 
   denmark spends what it gets denmark spends what it needs to spend actually . 
  and they use the oil & gaz to get the funds needed to make that a reality . 
  but when the hydrocarbure wo n't be an option , they 'll need a plan b. 
  and actually enforcing their tax rules seems like a decent plan b to me since nobody else came up with anything apart `` going full greece and stopping paying pensions and healthcare and unemployment and civil servants '' as far as i know . 
  which would , likely , have been a bad thing for society . 
   this fall brings a political negotiation of tax reforms to be fully implemented by 2025 . 
  exactly . 
   i think it more likely denmark will reduce its current official corporate from 22 % to 20 % because that is what sweden has that 's possible actually . 
  but it might then be largely compensated by the very fact they might actually collect those 20 % . 
  instead of collecting 0 % of - on-paper-22 % . 
   an image i picture , when someone claims large companies being `` forced '' to pay a fair tax , depicts a mouse ass raping an elephant while screaming take that and that and that is a very ... colorfull image . 
  and one that might not quite fit reality . 
  while i certainly do not enjoy the idea of a governmental fight with corporations , and i 'm certainly quite aware of the stigma attached to forced nationalization of assets ( which can be quite extreme , and in multiple case abused and led to the destruction of country doing just that ) ; it will pretty much end up with the eu having to choose between starting to collect owed taxes or having a 30 % budget shortfall . 
  and bruxelles might be a bit bigger and stronger than a mouse . 
  what with having the biggest combined gdp on earth ( 15 % bigger than the usa ) . 
   this will mean international companies can oppose individual countries legislation as unfair business practice . 
  the isds ? 
  lol , that one is not likely to pass . 
  there 's at least 4 ( 6 ? ), 
  eu countries very opposed to it . 
   i have little faith that the multinationals will lose that battle . 
  which in no way mean it is acceptable to tolerate barely disguised fraud renamed `` avoidance '' . 
  edit : and since the eu 's economic survival likely depend in huge part on collecting taxes on corporation , i 'm afraid we might have to be pretty aggressive in defending our capacity to collect those . 
  the most uncooperative corporations ( nestle , mcdonalds ? ), 
  might face serious judicial action . 
   never going to happen . 
  there 's going to be a dose of reality that 's going to happen pretty soon here i suspect . 
   firstly usa has no right to that profit , you 're talking on / r/europe , europe which , as nestle might rediscover soon , is not ran by us law . 
   tax laws are so complex , that a country needs the most intelligent and experienced accountants to tell them how to make the laws when a company like nestle openly answer that they wo n't pay taxes ordered by a judge because they do n't feel like it ( like that case you quoted earlier ) , the answer wo n't be byzantine accounting , it 'll be sending policemen to for equal missing value ( and if that goes as far as a factory , then so be it . 
   nestle made an accounting mistake in 2013 `` a mistake '' . 
  yeah right , like when hsbc got caught funding al zarqawi ? 
   the reason they were so surprised was that they do not have the resources to actually control the international companies accounting books you are right there . 
  mafias and cartel-scale fraud are always pretty hard to crack down upon . 
   corruption is a violation of the criminal law . 
  you are playing on words to hide your dishonesty again . 
  corruption covers wilfully misleading the system for your personnal profit . 
  for example , in the usa de facto offering millions of bribe money to politicians is perfectly legal when you call it a `` campaign contribution '' . 
  that does not mean it is not corruption in reality . 
   the local tax man can only shrug and say thanks when he gets anything at all . 
  corporations are not entitled to decide what the state can or not collect and/or to play by the law or not . 
  methinks there should be some very serious fiscal corrections right there , and likely quite a number of asset seizures by police forces and bank accounts freezes and likely arrests by interpol to underline the point . 
   it does n't matter if it 's tax on corporate income or on personal income . 
  yes it does , because if you do n't tax corporate and everything is declared corporate , then you de facto tax basically nothing . 
  they just declare their income in bermuda ( a money laundery fiscal place ) and you do n't collect anything . 
  that 's what 's currently happening note , and why we are loosing hundreds of billions a year of tax money . 
   and none country budget is not build in 3/4 out of companies income tax . 
  yet the nordics do . 
   the main sources are vat and income taxes . 
  it would be if most people had sufficient income for that . 
  but with wages crashing and companies stashing everything , that 's not viable anymore since basically reagan , because most of the money never pass by the vat and incomes declared in eu countries . 
   the more you have , the harder it gets to claim it . 
  only because we tolerated rampant corruption for too long so companies used the opportunity to invent perpetually new creative ways to `` avoid '' taxes . 
  if we started jailing executives on `` avoidance procedures '' , you can bet that `` avoidance rate '' would fall like a rock . 
   they managed to show a small loss or no income profit for decades . 
  which we all know was an accounting trick , nestle being de facto one of the richest companies on earth and one of the most profitables by very far . 
   nestle the huge business mogul was so bad at finances the ice cream company failed to deliver a profit the next year . 
  i would n't put it past their accounting to have buy the company just to declare a supposed loss . 
  mcdonalds was caught in finland doing just that ( buying failed restaurants at a loss to declare a fictive loss and fraud taxes ) . 
   it is perfectly legal , and even if the entire tax structure was changed , there are plenty of other ways to avoid the tax man . 
  it is an open bug abuse of the code 's wording with the open intent to surbvert it 's functionement . 
  it should be treated as fraud and certainly not tolerated . 
  allowing such massive corporate abuse destroyed the economy of quite a number of country . 
  i do not want the rest of europe to end like greece where most forms of graft were perfectly legal and yet destroyed the country nontheless . 
  i do not see as acceptable that massive percentages of the country end up homeless and starving just so that a few fabulously wealthy billionaires can stop paying taxes . 
  unless you feel we should imitate africa of course / s, 
  corporate taxes is likely the majority of taxes by far . 
  stopping collecting them is like abolishing 3/4 of the state budget . 
  it is simply not viable without them , and the burden would then automatically fall only on people too poor to declare a corporate shell company . 
  this is open hypocrisy . 
  yes that 's what he wrote . 
  word for word : `` not enforcing company taxation is the better choice . '', 
  now unless i do n't speak the same english , that pretty much implies they wo n't be paid . 
  and possibly because , while i suspect he fully knows they are needed , he likely does n't care about his country and would rather steal/pocket that tax money . 
  well the whole point is that he does n't want taxes collected . 
  so what they going to spend then ? 
  european states run on taxes due to our more or less ressourceless economies . 
  if you do n't collect them , the european state in question do n't run . 
   not enforcing company taxation is the better choice . 
  in an occidental country , no company or anybody paying any taxes is how you end up like greece or spain . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2016/aug/10/the-nauru-files-are-raw-evidence-of-torture-can-we-look-away ? 
  also amnesty : https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2016/08/australia-reaction-to-the-guardian-s-damning-nauru-files-on-refugee-abuse/, 
   both prisons and hospitals are often built by the same construction firms that 's a shitty excuse if i ever heard one . 
  most countries do n't use ex cia prisons to `` house '' their refugees . 
   make the condition to harsh and they fly away . 
  that sound like the usual excuse to allow corporate fraud `` otherwise they will delocalize '' . 
  well no . 
  you 're probably right honestly , good points, 
   those ngos will need to be funded by industrialised countries though . 
  yeah but they have a lot of alternative funding too that help spread the bill  europe is 20 % of global gdp . 
  ~ ~ ^ not ^ my ^ fault ^ if ^ everyone ^ else ^ is ^ bad ^ :-d ~ ~ j/k  however hosting people outside europe should be a lot cheaper in the first place . 
  well since the turkey deal is having issues maybe we can keep shopping in morrocco, 
  should n't the trust pay crippling corporate taxes to discourage such blatant evasion of taxes ? 
  but do n't worry somehow they 'll find a way to blame the poles for it / s, 
   holding camps in the specific countries , protected by an armed police force/european border force and with a strict screening and selection process is a solution . 
  that might look a solution . 
  and offloading a noticable part of the work to the red cross and other ngo ( with a contract ) would ensure that both 1 \u00b0 ) fair treatment is happening ( there would be lots of witnesses ) 2 \u00b0 ) we do n't have to pay the full bill or run * everything * since the ngo can do it partly for us, 
  a more reasonably stance . 
  of what ? 
  the torture ?
