  i commonly see both highly advanced products and cheap 5cts walmart-grade plastic crap with all kind of `` made in '' labels , whether france , germany , usa , china or whatever . 
  it seem to be determined more by tax cover-up purpose lately than anything else . 
   the place of production does not magically give more or less value to a product , well ... 
  apparently it does change tax collection and tariffs in some countries depending on where you declare it was manufactured soo ...  the classic example is `` made in china '' which has become the symbol of low quality because of the massive low cost mass production . 
  which is ridiculous because a majority of high end electronics like laptops are built there ...  but we forget that many excellent brands are actually produced in china often in the same facility and by the same workers that produce the low quality ones . 
  it 's a production service that can give you an iphone or an fake `` noookia '' at the same time depending on what you require of them . 
  exactly, 
   would n't it be practical though to have an overarching website that will bring you to the deal from any of their eu sites long story short story , they could , but they squeeze out more profit by not offering a clear comparison of stuff across countries . 
  so you got to do it yourself with several tabs or using ff plugins ( e.g : https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/kiwi_amazon/ ), 
  you can order all across the eu from most of them as far as i know , it 's simply for language & logistics purpose . 
  they have depot in a lot of countries where they have a website . 
  but if you want to order from the . co.uk to france or . de to sweden you totally can . 
  just expect delivery to take 2w with the post office . 
  haha, 
  so there is still market space for big machinery , pharmaceutical ( ofc ) and high tech . 
  the problem is i 'm not sure the `` made in '' label is actually honest anymore : a lot of products nowadays goes throught a whole chain , that is n't always in a single country anymore . 
  electronics and clothing probably are the biggest example . 
  thread can be made in one country into textile in another that is then made in clothing into a third , dyed/prepared/packaged into a fourth and then sold everywhere else . 
  similarly , electronics are materials dug in one country ( e.g a ` stan ) , refined into a second ( e.g canada ) , made into components into a third ( in china ) , can then be soldered into a fourth ( japan ? 
  ) , and assembled as complete devices into a sixth one ( france ? 
  germany ? ) . 
  ( had a dvd player in mind ), 
  it 's probably an overcast day . 
  the weather bleach everything blue-white and it start looking boring, 
  and you never move and you 're done too . 
  it 's about figuring out reasonable demands and not reasonable ones . 
   at times , special forces deployed to the streets of the capital forcibly removed protesters chanting slogans and waving signs against the so-called parasite tax . 
  would n't it be simpler to wave the tax away to have an excuse to send everybody home ? 
   100 % not a puppet i do n't see how that could possibly have anything to do with the money she just received in her today or yesterday visit / s, 
  wait , scratch that , this is even stupider than the libertarian crap . 
  why is that fundamentalist a minister , let alone the health one ? 
  well lol i repeatedly told you it wo n't really move before the brexit happens haha but oh well . 
  and no , a50 still has n't been pulled, 
  - you are dishonest because you are implying we 're the only ones capable funding housing in the eu - i 'm french and i 'll happily send my and our tax budget money toward housing projects . 
  ( if large parts of our citizens ca n't even have a home , what 's the point of having multi billion budgets ( or if people have to pick between having lights , food or paying the rent this month ) ? 
  housing , food , safety , utilities and education are really the absolute basis of a decent society nowadays . 
  in school when i was a kid i got taught ensuring those are met for the population where '' [ regalian functions ] ( https://www.wikiberal.org/wiki/fonctions_r%c3%a9galiennes ) '' of the state ; basically some of it 's core prerogatives to ensure a stable country that runs correctly , albeit i 'm not sure it translate well . ), 
   for romania is facing an acute shortage of social housing , with inner city gentrification and return of private properties seized during communist years squeezing out low-income tenants . 
  the hearth of the problem ? 
  lack of housing + oligarchs that seized everyone 's home and expect everyone to give them a large part of their income as rent ... 
  seriously we really lack a large , eu wide , state ran housing program with distribution of `` free '' ( tax paid ) flats to the population ... that 'd do wonder to reduce persistant deep poverty . 
  some form of rent-to-buy at actual subsidized construction prices could help fund it in realistic proportions . 
  and no , not a `` privately '' ( corporate ) owned developpment program , because it only ends up in the pocket of wealthy people that can afford to buy/fund it all , and squeezing even more `` profit '' ( blood out of a stone ) from impoverished populations that ca n't afford rent anymore will only make it even worse . 
  it could also create a large number of jobs if we prioritize ( still with tax incentives or subsidies ? ), 
  the hiring of citizens from european countries ; which would then have a job , income , and some money to spend in the local economy . 
  also , simultaneously , sensible taxes on empty , unused homes ( beyond two per person , let 's say . 
  so main housing + countryside ... ) to `` force '' land developpers speculating to rent at a lower ( affordable price ) enough to get them all rented or nearly ; or which would at least encourage them to resell land/housing they do n't and wo n't use anymore in the forseeable futur to people that need it ( which they would do if only to avoid taxes pilling up on thousands of unused properties they had saved for speculation ) . 
  i would almost agree but not now to be honest . 
  give it 5 to 10 years out of the eu , let them figure out both ends and decide in full knowledge ? 
  when politicians back the refusal of medecine ... -_- ' ffs are we in europe or a random illiterate backwater ? 
  salafists are on the less peacefull and less diverse and less tolerent end of the equation : / they 're frequently islamists around here, 
  annnd it 's fillon again . 
  more of that reaganist complete ignorance and hypocrisy . 
  this is victim blamming to displace the fault of bad policy on the victims who are left hanging in massive poverty . 
  it 's the mark of extreme arrogance , insulting and complete idiocy . 
  mr dijsselbloem probably earns 100 to 200x the average greek 's income ( edit and i say income because apparently his net worth is now less than a million ) and talk about how they `` overspend it all '' with completely made up insults about drugs and hookers . 
  it 's obscene like a `` let them eat cake '' ( or rather `` stop eating so much cake '' to somebody that did n't eat for 3 days . 
  because , yes , [ a lot of greeks ca n't afford to buy food everydays ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/12/world/europe/greece-debt-crisis-athens-poverty-inequality.html ) ) . 
  i 'm going to definitely cross a bad line with that comment , but i 'm not quite surprized that some greeks decided to send him an explosive letter . 
  while definitely not helping ( terrorism probably wo n't solve poverty in your country ) and not a good answer , passions are running red hot , and this is absolutely insulting everyone in trouble in greece . 
  edit  despite his prominent position in european politics , mr dijsselbloem is likely to lose his job in the dutch government soon after his labour party 's disastrous performance in last week 's election . 
  if that is any consolation for the greeks , it looks like he lost his job in the dutch gov anyway . 
  not even the dutchs seem to like him, 
   the whole bank  xd ok that 's a new one . 
  bank robbing is usual , but * bank robbing * and leaving with the bank itself is rarer . 
   more room for legs , a meal and a bottle of wine . 
  must have been quite the long trip to have a meal or wine served in a tgv / s. 
  the thing with that train is that it 's * fast * ( for a train ) . 
  it goes from like marseilles to paris ( 700km ? ), 
  in 2-3h . 
  i never saw any meal served in the seating wagons , if you want some food or drink , no matter whether you are 1st or 3rd you head to the bar/kitchen wagon and you can buy something there . 
  generally 1st class has twice more leg room/space , a table where to put the laptop , and a power plug that works randomly, 
   `` they used acid and other chemicals to mask the aspect of the product . 
  in some cases , the products used were carcinogenic , '' the police said . 
  in other cases , potato , water and even cardboard paper was mixed with chicken meat to increase profits . 
  creepy . 
  during peace time ? 
  does he really want to loose all the youth vote ? 
  : / while i do hang around military ppl from time to time myself , i feel obligated to point out that for most people it 's * widely unpopular in occident to force other people to do so * . 
  i have to publickly insist on this because while he had the `` i 'm the one sane candidate '' thing going on for him with the next election , restoring the draft right now while france is at peace is simple electoral suicide . 
  edit : just to clarify , as far as i know , i 'm not even concerned by said plan , so no it 's not me being suddenly a chicken , ah, 
  ^ ( make nigel pay for it ), 
  not smart . 
  smh, 
  apparently they targeted only the school 's head and not students ( so unlike columbine ) . 
  looks like it was personnal revenge or something, 
  so two teens went crazy in the school and tried to attack the headmaster , one suspect arrested , 4 injured, 
  i 'd dare argue the point is almost mooooout . 
  it 's the kind of reasons why we invented minimal wage in countries and why it should be rose : / edit  eu rules state that a driver posted temporarily away from home should be '' guaranteed '' the host nation 's '' minimum rates of pay '' and conditions . 
  but companies can exploit loopholes in the law . 
  so , loopholes to close . 
   emilian is employed by a slovakian subsidiary of norwegian trucking company bring , and is being paid as if his place of work is slovakia - even though he never works there . 
  fraud & wage theft , nice . 
   according to eu law , drivers must take 45 hours weekly rest away from their cabs , but governments have been slow to enforce it . 
  aaaand probably corruption ...  in dortmund , germany - outside the biggest ikea distribution centre in the world - truck drivers are drying their clothes . 
  one is making his mash potato on a fuel tank . 
  there is no toilet , no running water . 
  are such conditions even legal in germany ? 
  especially for workers ... : /  legal action is now being taken against some of ikea 's contractors . ( ... ), 
  the court found that drivers ' pay was `` not consistent '' with dutch wages law .
