  there was also a loooooot of pappering over with eu power & ressources , eu bailouts left and right , and such . 
  and when they refused to do the same in greece because germany refused to drop the abusive debts ( that they were partly complice in creating throught german backed corruption ) , we all saw what happened . 
  and i 'm talking about stuff in greece like 40 % unemployment , evictions rates skyrocketing , 15 % of the pop without income , large parts of the population left without utilities ( water or power ) ; reposessions everywhere , gdp that lost 40 % since 2008 ( 354b in 2008 to 235b in 2015 ) ; teachers & medical personnal left unpaid , all the bonds reclassified as junk and rates jumpings to 40 % , pension age back to near 70 , etc etc. 
   and that they 're helping individuals consume and get out of poverty etc. 
  helping ? 
  the point i 'm trying to make is that in a job starved environmment , they 're the main consumtion drive . 
  if not for it , the economy simply collapse . 
  and one of the main objectif ov `` economic liberalization '' is to end it and redistribute it to corporations instead as `` subsidies '' and breaks . 
   the state has to ensure that there are good conditions for companies to grow but , what `` conditions '' is differ . 
  i 'd assume first that it implies safety , and that everyone eat as needed and get basic survival commodities , including a roof , and access to needed education for a modern country . 
  but we 're at a point where companies would rather eat that money for themselves away straight . 
  so it 's extremely damaging . 
   but at least in sweden the majority of tax income is from income taxes and consumption taxes . 
  is it ? 
  or rather , would it be if corporations paid their taxes honestly ? 
  http://www.thelocal.se/20111114/37350 please , tell me , where is most of the money in the economy . 
  how is it distributed ? 
  because , if it 's all in the companies hands and that citizens are paying the most taxes , then maybe the companies are n't really paying any serious taxes . 
   they have a very big public sector in the nordic style but their economy is stagnating . 
  the reasons are the fall of nokia and other industries , ageing population , weak global demand and russian sanctions nokia was a really big hit . 
  and the mistake of the gov was exactly to let the economy side so much from the public to private mainly by relying too much on nokia or not regulate them enough ( for example by preventing such abusive mass layoff and dismantlement on a purely corporate decision that wanted to loot some key patents and techs ) . 
  so , when nokia screwed up and got bought and dismantled for scrap and spare parts by ms overnight , their nokia-based economy therefore based on a uncontroled private company ended up gutted alive . 
   the problem is that the economy is n't producing any jobs to replace the old ones that disappeared . 
  tbh their society has nearly advanced technology enough that they could rely on the current % age of workers to run their economy ; and not * need * to create more jobs . 
  what i mean is : - some people advocate giving all the money to corporations as subsidies to create jobs . 
  obviously that did n't worked in the last 5 years since they just put it in the executive and shareholders ' accounts as bonuses and do n't change a thing . 
  and if you allow said companies to lower wages `` to pay more people '' they still do n't end up paying more people and just give themselves another round of bonuses too . 
  - some people advocate creating public jobs , even if not needed . 
  even if it goes as far as paying people to dig trenches and just closing them behind for nothing . 
  - now , another generation of people are saying `` hey why do n't we take that idea above , but instead of having those guy waste their time digging for nothing , why do n't we tell them to go on with their lives and do something more productive with it instead '' . 
  that include more welfare ( so the guy in it can try for example creating a company in the mean time without risking homelessness ) ; investing more in education ( paying every students a scolarship ) ; and/or simply handing over money to everyone in the country to make them want to spend that cash . 
  now , parts of the problem are : - corporations have lots of money so they are better positionned to wage a propaganda campaign against giving money to the population ( `` it 's a communist handout !, 
  '' ) , since they want it given to their owners instead as subsidies . 
  they used to frequently try using the us & it 's bribed politics as an economic plateform to try pushing their agenda on european countries ( less under obama because he 's not really taking money ; which is good !, 
  ; but if somebody like trump ends up in power expect him to try force-feeding us again a lot more neoliberalism ... with his `` small-million - $ - bootstrapping '' economics ) . 
  - partly structural in the eu and our fault for once ; let 's face it . 
  since finland is in the euro they ca n't print money as they 'd like . 
  and since they 're in a bad economy they have little reserves and margin . 
  so they ca n't fund whatever they 'd like throught printing or taxation . 
  and with greece 's corruption-debt induced crash , some countries who will recognize themselves have tried to force various forms of caps on borrowing in eu legislation . 
  draghi was also complaining that all the money he prints is largely misused so ends up doing nothing good again ( if the consumer never see any of that money because it 's all handed over to banks and corporations ; that does n't change anything on the lack of demand issue because the consumer still have zero euros to spend ) . 
  so there goes those sources of money too . 
  but hey , they keep trying new things despite it : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/dec/10/finland-universal-basic-income-ubi-social-security  in other words if there is a healthy private sector . 
  which means it should have been more regulated to prevent nokia 's dismantling here imho . 
  or less reliant on nokia-like private companies . 
   and russian sanctions the sanctions are also damaging , but war with russia would have been a lot more costly so it 's a quick decision there even if i do n't really like it either . 
   without big companies to provide employment and tax income we 're left with a big public-sector that ca n't be supported . 
  meh ; there 's a few more tricks in the book should we need it : - reducing rampant corruption ( less in finland since it 's in fact very low there ; but in the rest of europe believe me there 's quite some work to do ; trillions floating around ) . 
  it 's like digging for oil currently , take a random high level eastern europe politician in some country like macedonia and you can be sure to find stolen millions . 
  see how they are busy framing germany as a result with other issues like the migrants and drawing all the attention to it to divert attention from their own ongoing corruption . 
  and it has some results like with the dna in romania that has recently did a very good job :-) - negative rate borrowal !, 
  we 're testing that one in france : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/france-sells-bonds-at-negative-rate-7924768.html i really like that one for our country tbh :d we borrow and get paid to do it !, 
  - see above , finland 's experimentations with pseudo basic income redistribution policies - redirecting some of that endlessly printed money directly toward consummer ( but that mean we 'll have to placate that frothing corporate-led right wing that yell communism if you want to give people money to spend ; even if they would in fact be winner down the line because people would buy their stuff ) but i 'd say `` one thing at a time '' so it takes time for the various gov to figure out what works and do n't so it takes time to solve it . 
  but it just drives me crazy when corporations use it to say that it 's yet another reason we should `` give more money to job creators '' ( ie supposedly them ) . 
   western countries are n't big enough to rely entirely on domestic demand , our global outlook is one of our strengths important point ; please do n't confuse productivity/exports ; and the number of jobs . 
  finland has a low number of jobs and high unemployment , but a very high productivity . 
  it means they can export the same with 10 finish than a greek company can do with 100 greeks ; because they have better tech and a better environment , and it 's socially acceptable to recruit less people because those people are still getting a living independantly . 
  productivity must remain high for the country to survive no matter what . 
  i just tend to believe that it 's now more and more independant from the number of people recruited or how much people work . 
  stuff has to get done , but if you can get paperwork done in two clicks instead of paying 10 accountants and lawyers , all the more the better for everyone , especially if said employees can get on to something more productive with their lives after it . 
  but that probably mean the gov has to take from the employer the money of the wage of a few of those people to pay them anyway ( ie high taxes paying the `` welfare '' of said potential non employees ) . 
  which is what the neoliberals dislike greatly paying . 
   median wage in the uk is significantly higher than both in germany or france . 
  but prices are also so much higher ; so the lifestyle takes a hit . 
  a little of milk is like 2/3 # in london ( 4 $ ? ) . 
  i pay it 1 $ / litter in france . 
  cigarets are like 10 # ; and 6 $ in france with a 80 % health tax on top of it . 
  then rent is just nuts in london . 
   it 's also a really weird statement to make . 
  it is good that the uk has moved towards a service and information based economy . 
  if it 's diversified yes . 
  if the city is 80 % of your economy and it goes away for whatever reason like when hsbc wanted to get out ; you would be in serious trouble . 
  for example , if that single bank go away , the # would probably loose 5 % of it 's value overnight . 
  just like that . 
  ( so we told them to stay put when they wanted to go to hk instead ) ... 
   banks and insurance companies employ incredibly smart , high-skilled individuals . 
  it 's not easy to get a job in that industry at all . 
  the uk may lose access to certain financial markets upon leaving the eu , but the damage would be minimal if they just leave , yes . 
  but then i hear people like boris johnson talking about how the eu regulations are `` the source of all evil '' and they want to leave them . 
  the risk is , if the uk declare themselves above regulations , eu based banks or stockmarkets or exchanges etc will refuse trading with you , for fear of the consequences that could happen without for example anti fraud regulations , regulations against tons of frequent scams , toxic assets rebranded without oversight ( which is something that happened big time before in the uk ) etc  it 's more likely that many banks will actually transfer most of their operations outside of the eu , probably to the uk , if you think the eu banks will prefere betting on an economy that would have ( in that scenario ) just isolated itself and dropped all regulations with a 3t gdp vs the eu ( an 20t universally connected ... ) and all abandon their native country where they make all their actual cash flow just to go in the uk , you must be smoking something quite powerfull . 
  edit : just to let you know , ~ ~ france ~ ~ the eu had to talk hsbc into staying in the uk ( [ link in french , they wanted to leave it ] ( http://www.agefi.fr/banque-assurance/actualites/quotidien/20150424/hsbc-confirme-etudier-delocalisation-siege-londres-139240 ) ) and not leave it so if you tell us off whose going to do it next time one of your big players is packing too ? ... 
   just look at what happened when sweden tried to implement a ftt for instance , a policy quite popular on the continent . 
  transaction volume fell because most of it was bullshit microtrading scam and the value fell a couple percents which would have been easily recovered a couple years down the line by ending the % age of the economy grabbed by high frequency traders ? 
  but nooo , companies saw only immediate 1 quarterly profit down 5 % and so decided to blackmail the gov into reversing it ; glorious / s it worked because the swedish gov did n't wanted to push it at the time . 
  if you decide to leave the eu regulations needed to trade with us however , our economy wo n't leave the eu suddenly to `` live in a regulation-less glorious free market utopia '' ; you are hallucinating once again . 
   if you call a successful export industry `` neoliberal '' propaganda then there is nothing to discuss . 
  you 're twisting my words . 
  i 'm saying their industry still exist because people were paid even when they were n't employed so they could you know start that industry and have client that have an income . 
  if the welfare did not exist , neither would that industry . 
   are you arguing that dark powers are behind european unemployment ? 
  no , i 'm arguing that `` dark powers '' as you call them are behind trying to steal tax & welfare money to line up their pockets and do n't care about collateral damage because they 're not the ones personally suffering it . 
  it 's called an oligarchy and they 'd love to install themselves in scandinavia too because they see it as ripe for the economic plunder they did in the us already . 
  `` but you are seeing stuff where there is n't !, 
  conspiracy ! '', 
  well ; when there is an opportunity to loot hundreds of billions of euros or usd of state money . 
  you can bet there 's going to be a lot of dishonest people lining up and cooperating for the heist of the century . 
   but all politics center on how to create more jobs . 
  it does not resolve on creating private jobs . 
  which is where you are wrong . 
  jobs create themselves when people have opportunities in life .
