  if they were to ever `` get '' it they 'd just have send the money back to germany on the spot to pay part of what they owe immediately and you know it . 
   they were never seriously interested in a solution , they just wanted free money . 
  you say that but it 's pretty obvious that there are no negociation , just demands to suicide their economy and entire system to squeeze out their money enforced by threats of eviction . 
  i think that the refusal to even let the greeks vote on it ( which is basically the only way syriza can present it to the population and sign it without a revolt ) and the fact that people hide behind `` it 's too late '' tu deny it ( really , do n't tell me 5 more days would have broke the eurozone ) was the final nail in the coffin . 
  but oh well it was worth a try . 
  actually they prolly banked on people saying yes to wash their own hands of the effects of the worse terms and cuts in the agreement, 
  you do realize the imf and others shot down everything in that time to play brinksmanship ? 
  well i believe the rules does n't not preclude a default . 
  and i believe we 're looking at maybe 100-150 billion of troika/eu backed bonds and loans and stuff . 
  it goes both ways really . 
  if the eu would rather starve out greeks so much they wo n't even wait to hear out a vote on whether to accept it or not , i believe syriza will have a better use of that money, 
  so when are they going to schedule it ? 
  in the past ? 
  or did we just abolished greek democracy and sovereignty to pay german banks ? 
  ah yes the old '' the rules are the rules , do n't blame us '' . 
  they 're no even leaving time to greek citizens to decide by vote ? 
  that 's seriously unclassy . 
  train moderate preachers , imams ( ... gov backed ) and put them in charge instead of the identified extremists ? 
  simply speaking there should be a check of compatibility between religion preaching and republic values . 
  no you ca n't advocate that people should buy & beat their wife or `` kill all the infidels '' . 
   syriza attempts to trap the country . 
  not really ; they 're stuck in a trap themselves . 
  i 'd suspect some of the concessions asked by the imf hurts too much for them to want to take all the responsability to accept or not . 
  but they do n't want to get out of the eu without explicit agreement from the population either , because they 've been elected as negociators to stay in . 
  so they want to draw legitimacy from the population 's will and defer part of the responsability on a vote . 
  people will say yes or no and they will follow it , without fraud , as far as i know . 
  either case will hurt , but they 'll be able to say `` look , we asked you and did what you thought was less worse '' to the voters . 
  yes it 's politics , but i think it 's one of the best thing a democratic gov could do in that case when facing troubled time : he asks what they want for their own future . 
  i think i honestly respect tsipras for that choice . 
   while they could direct it to cuts . 
  you can only cut so much . 
  when you start cutting the pensions then ekas then ... where do you stop ? 
  a working eu country needs a working safety net ( healthcare , pensions , etc ) . 
   can you possibly ever imagine the homeless of any european country banding together to better their own future ? 
  ... yes ? 
  tho they 'd need to start being a cohesive group first . 
  but it would n't make me extremely surprised if some ngo helped the calais migrant building something instead of trying to hang on an express highway . 
   and alone , what can they do ? 
  they have nothing . 
  and that 's still not reason enough to hang out on a express highway . 
  it would probably be smarter to organize each other and coordonate with some ngo to help elevate their living standards and not just act like a gang . 
  just an idea . 
   and the point remains , where would they all go wherever they want that is n't dangerous to somebody else ( like a highway ) ? 
  just like for the local frenchs . 
   solutions are always needed tbh i do n't have a solution in the immediate term . 
  but i know that if they start blocking express highways they 'll make a lot of ennemies and that wo n't help them at all either . 
  and i know they did n't started it but taxi drivers did ; but still . 
   yeah but the issue is , they would go elsewhere and do the same thing . 
  you know people can live without trying to get in trafic , risking getting themselves drived over or stuff . 
   they do n't exactly have homes to go back to in the jungle . 
  well then they could build one maybe ? 
  or aquire houses collectivelly . 
  people would pretty much look the other way . 
  or even getting eurotunnel tickets then getting out illegally in england . 
  what ? 
  disperse the people on the highway , tell them to fo or anyone that stick around will get arrested . 
  they can stick around in `` the jungle '' ( the name of their camp ) or calais town , or w/e , do n't really care , but not on a f *** ing highway . 
  i do n't know if you ever saw french highways , but they tend to be apart from big towns ( to reduce trafic/accidents ) and frequently over-elevated on pylons or bordered by fences ; with absolutely no place for people walking . 
  you can only cause accidents by sticking around . 
  nobody has any place walking around highways apart maybe to get away from an accident or maintenance people . 
  it 's like sticking around a train bridge . 
  you have no valid reason being there . 
  well ; people wo n't be able to say it 's not democratic . 
  best of luck greece , either way . 
   before syriza was leading in the polls greece was out of a recession and not out of any debts , that just started coming back . 
  the others decided to cut & run ; and it was essentially : 1 \u00b0 ) guys known to take the money in the register for themselves 2 \u00b0 ) syriza 3 \u00b0 ) golden dawn nazis so , which one was it got ta be ? 
   the economy has now been in a recession yes , due to the debts newly maturing set by the govs before them ; something syriza has 0 direct control over ( bar , of course , negociations , like those currently going on ) . 
  say , you borrow a ton of money and build a house with it ( the post junta infrastructure they built with it amongst other things ) . 
  then you go away and give the debts to your kids . 
  now your kids are looking at eviction and have to find billions everywhere . 
  you blame them for `` bad management '' . 
  really . 
  now that house was probably needed , but let 's try finding a solution shall we ? 
   tax evasion is up something to crack down hard upon , agreed  other . 
  why not push for combating tax evasion for example ? 
  100 % agreed , and last i heard even syriza agreed . 
  however , the creditors ( namely the imf to point a finger ) do n't give a hoot about it and only want a bigger vat , force greece to cut pensions more and rising new taxes on the poorest . 
  of course , that did stuck a bit . 
   to date , they have n't requested an updated list of potential tax evaders from switzerland ... that , however , is an excellent idea . 
  maybe we ( well , we westerners europeans * cough * ) could look to find them an up to date list just after the negociations in a few days ? 
  and being our usually annoying selves on enforcing that one and tax collection on the richest greeks evaders :-) . 
  lol no . 
  they should arrest criminals and treat them the same regardless of their origin or skin color . 
  if people are starting to attack the highway the cops should be sent in in proper numbers . 
  okay wtf . 
  time to reinforce the police means . 
  riot police ought to do the trick ? 
  it 's probably related to the `` loi du mort par kilometre '' ( law of death by km ) . 
  one death in your backyard moves you probably as much as 100 death at 1000 km . 
  those attacks where straight in the middle of europe ( france ) ; so that shocks people they could go that far before all getting caught . 
  and it 's not the first time . 
  and before that it was migrant deaths/immigration . 
  well ; we bitch about all the europe related problems . 
  currently extremist fundamentalist islam is simply one of those . 
  for example , denying that the daesh f \\*\\*\\* \\* ards exist as an organized terrorist network wo n't make it true sadly . 
  and if the topic bores you you can always pick one of those on the russian invasion or greek debts . 
   edit : a fellow redditor suggested that this will get deleted & i might get a shadowban . 
  i hope that this gets to enough people while it can . 
  i hope not . 
  this would actually be censorship ( even if we probably need a / r/europemeta ) .
