  and they set the price to `` impossible to buy and borderline impossible to rent '' . 
   cities generally change . 
  paris grew to its present size , and did every other city , by building and taking in more people . 
  it 's dubious to me that this , here , and now is the one size that is optimal . 
  right . 
  there is already * some * degree of building in the suburbs , maybe more in the futur . 
  in the present , however , it will still be retarded to expropriate everyone around paris while there are massive parts of it empty . 
   i 'm saying that the price is high because people are willing to pay a lot because it is seen as appealing . 
  except it 's so high people are n't willing anymore to pay it . 
   `` in 2014 visitors to paris spent 17 billion dollars ( 13.58 billion euros ) , a lot more than that in reality . 
  a lot of it is n't declared , there is probably greece-grade massive fraud going on :( twice or thrice that number . 
  but it 'll take time to fix . 
   all right , do i understand you correct to be saying that you like the view in paris ? 
  it 's not about what \\* i \\* like . 
  it 's about what make the tourists come in & keep the cash coming in the country to keep it afloat . 
   well , you would n't need to expropriate anyone anywhere , i 'd think -- just buy out whoever is there you do n't understand : people own the land around paris , and they refuse to sell , because we live in it . 
  they do n't care about your `` buying out plan '' ; because it 's their home or field you want to buy out and they are n't interested in you pushing them out . 
  everytime we build an highway or train line , we have to recover bits and patch and lands because well it pass somewhere physically ; and there are always half the expropriated owners along the way that make a huge scandale and block roads & sue & sue & sue & harass the administration & stuff like the taxis drivers did . 
   the price is set by the supply of parisian housing and there goes the fallacy : no it 's not . 
  it 's rigged by an artificial monopoly . 
  think of it like diamonds . 
  you have a few companies/people that collude to rig prices & the others follow because hey why would i sell 5k my flat when the others sell 10 millions ? 
  that 's the housing bubble : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/real_estate_bubble except even when said bubble burst , they all refused to lower prices in paris . 
   if you start increasing the supply , you lower the price . 
  except not . 
  the land will end up in the same hands inevitably that will keep refusing to lower prices . 
  hence the cap that force them to do so . 
   why is that ? 
  if a great many russians lived in paris full-time , it would be acceptable to you , but if they only vacation there , it 's unacceptable ? 
  please stop pretending to not understand :p there is a huge difference between having one flat or even two to `` live '' in it ( even when absent ; it 's something they would use personally ) ; and having dozens of properties to re rent or sell like most does . 
  if you have one , or even a house or two and want to vacation in paris , no issue  . 
  if you have 20 appartement buildings however , somebody will have to tell you to start renting at honest price , because you 're not using it all personally . 
  quoting one of my old posts :  i believe that should change . 
  should somebody owe more than 2 empty housing property in france itself ( ie main home + 2 additionnal ) he should be forced to rent or sell the rest beyond that ( the 4th and more ) ; preventing some to accumulate immensse empty holdings . 
  \\ --  if there 's only so much to redistribute when paris is full we will see , but we are very far from that . 
   what happens when a lot more people immigrate , say ? 
  well i doubt that immigration will be the real cause of the housing issue somehow . 
  lots of them live in calais ( settling in the area once they realize they ca n't cross the channel ) , marseilles ( maybe a third of the population there has migrants origin , due to it being the major southern coastal city & a major immigration line ) or simply areas where life costs a lot cheaper ( in most big towns everything costs a third to half what it costs in paris ) . 
   maybe , but you 're going to be facing an ongoing battle , with lots of clever people trying to figure out ways around it , well , yeah oligarchs and owners are always smart when it comes to fraud taxes & laws . 
  still does n't mean it 's legal nor that we should tolerate it . 
   and that 's always going to be the case if you 're having to separating people from something that they want . 
  yeah , money . 
  some people wants all the money in the world , koch & waltons brothers style . 
  still does n't mean we should give it to them . 
   unless you 're going to simply seize the property of everyone in the country , that 's definitely * not * the plan . 
  and obviously should be avoided . 
  it is also important to maintain * personnal * property . 
  but there 's quite the difference between the `` cease everything ! '', 
  ( a bit ridiculous ) idea , and ignoring entire empty rows and street corners eveywhere in paris ( which are * private * unused property litterally just stashed away under a mattress or rented at ruinous cost to people who ca n't say no without ending up homeless ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/private_property https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/personal_property rule of thumb : personnal property is what you use ( your house , car , plane , etc ) . 
  private property is what you own nominally but never intended to use * personally * ( e.g : a field tended by others ; a company , etc ) . 
  and we 're not even pushing them out of all of it ; just plan on telling them to rent , in good condition , and currently enforcing at what maximal price . 
   you 're not going to produce a level set of wealth equality . 
  i understand that much , but if it can reduce the homelessness and largescale poverty issue in paris that 'll still get us somewhere . 
  we can also further tip the balance throught taxes on the richest & welfare . 
   why not permit them to do so ? 
  because the large amount money ( in the millions or billions ) they got from extreme speculation means a very large amount of peoples lost a lot . 
  and between a richer oligarch and our citizens being able to make a more decent living ... that habitude that everyone in the us can speculate on everything without limit is causing huge social issues in the us ; which means we can ( sorry ) almost use you as a textbook case of where to draw limits . 
  ever wondered why wallstreet & the banking system were so hated by lots of people ? 
  the us system brings lots of interesting ideas , but speculation on housing & basic food & utilities is probably not one of them . 
   then i would indeed move . 
  and for that you need options ( a job elsewhere ) ; money for the operation to resettle ; time to find another flat ; etc. 
  things a lot of people do n't really have anymore , especially in paris . 
  life always goes extremely fast there . 
  jobs are also hard to find , and you tend to go where you are sure to find a job & be able to commute quickly . 
  ( because otherwise if you have no job within 6 months generally you are in serious financial trouble ) . 
   simply sitting on the house does n't do anything but bleed them in property taxes . 
  the issue is when those property taxes are lesser than their taxes in their own country on raw money ; let alone when it 's outright stolen money : - / so in a lot of cases they 'd rather pay the property taxes on stolen/laundered money than the taxes home or admit they have that cash . 
   do n't know what drives companies to locate in paris , but my guess is that it 's access to a large population of potential employees yeah , but if you have to commute hours on ends a day , people are going to leave and you loose that access too . 
   easier access to the paris food lol , food is easily available everywhere in france  do n't worry we do n't really have food deserts . 
  an advantage of the reduced space in europe i guess . 
   and other services those start to decentralize to adress the issue tho . 
   and maybe status of the address does n't really change anything . 
  if anything else , taxes are lower in lots of provincial areas ( ie out of paris ) . 
  well , if you could build a skycraper in front of the whitehouse you 'd sell all the flats in it immediately & strike rich . 
  reality tho dictate it 's simply not going to happen . 
   everyone could have somewhere to live . 
  then 2 days later it costs 10 ' 000 ' 000 too to buy in there so nobody can there either . 
  same player try again . 
   not at present supply , perhaps , not at present , not at futur . 
  unless you think the average french can spend like the average russian mafiosi oligarch . 
   people are going to compete for what is available . 
  everything is available . 
  there is a pricing problem , however . 
   it was advocating for building more housing . 
  well why expropriate people out of the town to build more when you can expropriate people in the town and recover something already built and empty just sitting around ? 
   paris is desirable not really anymore . 
  everybody country wide knows it 's not possible for millenials and similar to afford a living there anymore . 
  if you do n't already live in paris or find some trick for housing , you ca n't really come there anymore . 
   but that it should eliminate restrictions that would prevent developers from creating more . 
  reality check ; that one is never going to happen . 
  the appearance of the town is the very reason it 's so popular ; and it litterally bring half the tourism in france . 
   what 's wrong with building more tall buildings to that they can do that from google image ; since it 's going to be faster than explaining it with words : http://jenjordi.org/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/dsc_2474.jpg they are not going to allow you to build taller . 
  ever . 
   and then have enough room for everyone ? 
  there is already room . 
  even if somehow you expropriated all the farmers around the town and built mass housing ; rich foreigners would start buying or renting it all there too and it 'd just replicate the identical problem a year later there . 
  if you do n't fix the prices , it 's not going to be affordable . 
  it 's the same reason companies sell you 600 $ a high end smartphone that costs 12 $ to build , * because they can * . 
  and if you ca n't afford it , they do n't care .
