  but yeah i think i can understand the few that 'd rather dodge taliban ak bullets than deal with that viper nest of their own making daylong . 
  that 's what the saudis are trying to do . 
  and why we did n't really stood in their way . 
  albeit i suspect the amount of collateral damage will push people to demand at least some form of damage control actions . 
  an `` ally '' that technically led a major part of the yemeni army to desert and join the houthis instead . 
  that makes him de facto one of their leaders . 
  edit plus the thing is the houthi might or might not have been salvaged from being a backwater local militia to a major military power ( major in yemen ) by irgc generals & hezbollah at the demand of the iranian leadership at the demand of saleh requesting help from them soo ... 
  this is a simplification to tl ; dr levels , admittedly . 
  i can only encourage people to read the wiki pages for a more in depth explanation ( start here ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yemeni_civil_war_ ( 2015 % e2 % 80 % 93present ) ) . 
  and while he is n't their military overlord , he 's certainly the closest thing to a civilian head they got . 
  a bit like assad is n't personally leading the pro regime forces in syria ( especially since they became increasingly reliant on iranian or russian troops ) , but certainly is one of the heads in damascus, 
   the eu countries should use their diplomatic clout to end the conflict there are peace initiatives going on , but with all due respect to the peaceloving crowd the houthis are n't going to hand over their guns anytime . 
  they 're led by the former country 's dictator all bent on taking it over at any price , and to that end he recruited an army half made from iranian-provided troops . 
  best we can hope currently is a silence type of cease fire ( nobody moves from their position , end to the shooting ) . 
  maybe that 'll change later i do n't know , but for the moment it does n't look look the houthis are seeking for peace . 
   my country is also selling weapons to saudi arabia and then we act as if refugees are n't our problem . 
  to be honest most of those weapons are a drop in the ocean . 
  they 'd have some anyway , and most of the weapons provided are n't very usefull against militias but more intended as a deterrent against another country attacking them ( read : direct assault by iran coming using yemen as a staging ground ) . 
  ( should houthis militias gain serious ground in southern ksa i expect the usa would intervene directly tho ), 
   i support staying the fuck out of it completely . 
  that 's what we 're mostly doing in yemen . 
  and why people wonder why we do n't do much about it . 
  it 's mostly gulf vs houthis right now, 
  truth is , while the saudis do horrible amounts of collateral damages , saleh and his houthis are bastards so it 's kinda hard to support anything there . 
  then there is islamists that took over part of the country east ( kindah like isis in syria ... ) . 
  and i suspect we only have enough attention and manpower and ressources for only so many major actions at once . 
  syria/iraq has to come first in this sector . 
  but maybe we can look in ways to reduce collateral damages ( e.g : proper targetting ... ) edit : control map of the country at a glance , for anyone curious : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yemeni_civil_war_ ( 2015 % e2 % 80 % 93present ) # / media/file : yemeni_civil_war . svg green = houthi `` rebels '' ( shia militia , led by ex el-presidente dictator saleh with some army hardware ) ; conquered half the country . 
  supported by iran . 
  the main ennemy of the saudis . 
  red = loyalists to the hadi gov ( formed after saleh was housted during the arab spring 2y ago ) . 
  grey/blue in the eastern part of the country = jihadis, 
  hell yes , 
   natgeo is owned by murdoch now . 
  and there i was almost surprised for a second ( but admittedly they did much worse in the past for a cover/article/rag ), 
   german banking shares exploding , which is happening right now wut . 
  haha so much makewishing . 
  it 's cute  might even make it better off free from eu bureaucracy and sleazy unelected leaders da da evil ~ ~ kiev ~ ~ bruxelles nazi junta ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  no no i think you represent quite well the state of mind of the brexit hardliners . 
  for me i just have to sit and watch the financial fireworks the city of london will end up if you proceed like that ( hard brexit , no passporting , tariffs , etc etc ) . 
  i do n't have anything to add really . 
  but i do think you will blow a hole in your economy . 
   it 'd kill the euro lol  the euro is trying to be a real , grown up currency like the dollar or the pound ... you think the gbp weights more than the euro ? 
  ... ... you really think so ? 
  ok , let me put it that way : - how much wealth is currently generated yearly , and stored in gbp ? 
  - how much wealth is currently generated yearly , and stored in euro ? 
  please , do find that and show me your numbers . 
  the only reason we are n't the world reserve currency is because the american economy would bankrupt overnight if they could n't keep printing infinite virtual dollars to fund all their graft at a catastrophic loss ( and backing it with oil prevent them from having 30 % yearly inflation ) . 
   if the eu were to regulate in such a way as to reduce how open it is ( requiring that euros are cleared in the eu for example ) would however damage the euro and the eu . . new regulations ? 
  no no , if you do n't get an eurozone banking licence , by current legislations you are simply booted out of the clearance and other euro banking systems . 
   services targeted abroad its everything from restaurants to advertisers , and architects to painters yeah but guess where that investment money to start & maintain & grow those businesses is coming from . 
  the city subsidies everything in the uk . 
   no you are n't and no-one else is either . . well there are already quite a number of people that lost money with the 1gbp = 1.5  1.1 $ slide , so i would suspect the 1.1  0.5 is going to be quite a lot more painful . 
  especially since , you know , people that will see it coming will dump all their pounds for something else that wo n't loose 50 % of it 's value . 
   the eu does a lot of business and needs access to a lot of business in the uk too . 
  neither side would be isolate . . 
  i do n't think you quite understand what rule of law mean . 
  if the eu law say `` since the uk rejected passportship rights , euro denominated clearances in the uk are now illegal by eu law '' ; the eu banks can either reject such transactions , or get the judicial hammer on them for fraud & could end up evicted from usual banking systems such as swift & visa . 
  which would cause them unthinkable losses so they wo n't do it . 
   the uk is the global centre for currency trading , the eu ca n't replicate that eu & us banks can and will operate without the uk if it comes to that you know ...  the uk out of the euro trade there would do far more damage to the euro you own less than 1 % of the euro in circulation so even if we had to fully write off every last euro you own , we 'd just shrug it off . 
  most of the money that pass by london in fact get sent either to ireland or to ( other ) tax fraud havens behind . 
   financial services account for 10-12 % of uk gdp , you 're living in denial right there . 
  at least 50 % of your gdp minimum rely on it . 
  it 's your own oil curse . 
   then you have no clue what you are talking about , or what passporting is . . well i guess i ' `` m not the one that 's going to loose hundreds of billions when the pound reach half an euro because nobody can use it in europe nor use euros in the uk anymore due to your refusal of passporting & cascading results soo ... ( but hey the ukip is paid in rubles , so i do n't think they 're too worried about that ), 
   that 's a mis-characterisation of what will happen when the uk leaves though . 
  the eu is n't isolated from global financial markets and services , even when you are talking about countries that do n't have passporting . 
  the eu ca n't isolate itself the only thing that would get isolated if the uk refuse passporting ( financial trading rights ) is the uk ...  if it did it would kill the euro the euro certainly would n't get killed since the uk does n't neither use the euro nor possess a very large amount of it ( at least not significant enough to `` kill '' it . 
  clearances would simply happen elsewhere and there are quite a number of other places willing to sell us insurances , bond and other instruments ...  and tank large parts of the eus own financial services sector , for the eu that 'd be a 2-5 % gdp loss . 
  for the city of london it 'd become a 70 % loss . 
  i 'll let you figure out which is going to suffer the most from it ? 
    so yes , losing passporting would be a pain , but it would n't come close to locking either the eu out of the uk , or the uk out of the eu entirely . 
  ... you 're talking about refusing financial trading rights . 
  so yes it would freeze all financial trade between both . 
  that 's the idea . 
   60 % by population . 
  40 % by land area . 
  willfully ignoring that norway and the balkans and others like ukraine will join . 
   london does n't just do business with europe . 
  `` hey we also do 10 % of our business abroad ! '', 
  well uh good luck . 
   the loss of passporting will be minimised by harmonised mifid ii regulation , and the proposed f4 banking union . 
  flash info in case you still did n't get it : if you do n't get passporting rights , the eu legislation will explicitely forbid banking establishments in the european union to deal with yours as they currently do . 
  no more clearances , no more sales of insurance , etc. 
  and the article is obviously full of spinned fluff :  analysts added that non-eu banks who use the uk as their main access point to european markets `` should not suffer materially altered credit fundamentals following the loss of their eu passports '' , citing examples such as swiss bank ubs . 
  well yeah non uk banks wo n't be affected , duh . 
  wo n't really help the uk tho . 
   in the city many firms are still analysing what impact the loss of passporting will have on them . 
  for some retail banks it is of almost no real importance . 
  it 's obvious the city refuse to understand that if they do n't get trading authorization ( aka passporting ) their financial transactions will be blocked at the border and rejected by eu banking establishments . 
  it would appear that article do n't quite want to face facts . 
  the eu is like 90 % of europe . 
  minus the uk ( soon ) , norway ( that is in the market anyway ) and a few balkan and eastern states that might likely end up joigning anyway after . 
  oh and angry russia . 
  refusing financial trading rights with 90 % of european countries ( apparently out of sheer spite ) while saying `` we 're going to stay the biggest trade center of europe '' makes very little sense . 
  sweet ^ ^ ^ / s. 
  more ignorance excused by religion . 
  just what we needed ^ ^ ^ / s pffft, 
   press are reporting that losing passporting would still leave london as europe 's largest financial centre well no since it would n't be in europe and would n't be allowed to deal with the eu market anymore .
