  nato or not , we are not going to allow you to invade calais , you 're completely high, 
   solution is for the brits to threaten france by putting their military ahahah fuck no . 
  we are not declaring martial law . 
  and if you mean `` annexing france with the british army '' you 're going to get booted out of my country with just as much strength . 
   until france deports them all . 
  glorious solution for england i 'm sure / s , invading other countries and disappearing anything ( or anyone , including random civis ) that bothers them in other countries in alliances they want to leave anyway . 
  because obviously that 's the glorious way of the futur / s, 
   for instance have you seen any common-eu effort to put some serious pressure on countries like pakistan , algeria , morocco etc that do n't accept their own nationals back even though they ( their nationals ) are not entitled of a refugee status ? 
  that alone would cut the migration flow by 50 % yeah that 's definitely something we should do . 
  say , 30 % of your army get fired on orders from germany . 
  now , the german army wants to take over your borders for you under frontex banner . 
  oh and 1/3 of the army and cops vote/support golden dawn because they think `` the gd is the only party with the guts to hit back germany who stole my pension and greek healthcare and job of our buddies '' . 
  that 's why the refused at the time edit : but it looks like nato patrols could change the situation , and not necessarily in a bad manner, 
   have the hot-spots on turkish soil , identify and register all asylum-applicants and transport them safely across . 
  which would also allow to pick priorities and be the ideal solution ; but we need a stronger agreement with turkey for that annd well possibilities are getting considered right now but ...  what has happened instead , is letting a failed state , the problematic child handle with no planning , with no strategy , with no means and no vision whatsoever one of the greatest problems we have faced as a union . 
  and above all , not official money whatsoever . 
  not even half what they need to run their own country without even any refugees . 
  you can have all the vision you want , if you ca n't fund it because deep recession + externally enforced austerity + constant harassment from the troika + no control over currency ... 
  well i do think it 'd be simpler either way for the foreigners to simply find money either way to subsidize greece so they do n't starve by the millions and do n't vote gd . 
  damn , if only we knew where to find hundreds of billions lying around in some corrupt hands to re allocate . 
  i love ( / s ) how an extreme right wing gang move around to beat random people yet you first start asking why illegal immigrants are illegally there, 
   if gd ever takes power in greece , next morning we are a russian sattelite . 
  except nato wo n't allow such gd state in greece and would make a military coup 20 minutes in if that happen edit : fixed mobile grammar, 
   sorry but , it does n't sounds logical to me . 
  even if we suppose that everything that you 're telling are correct , they are not countering images , residents ' testimonies , reports , and so on . 
  like , on what ? 
  links ? 
  please enlight us with details . 
    kck and kdp were once very found of each other by the way errrrh . 
  about that : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraqi_kurdish_civil_war casualties and losses 8,000 killed oh yeah very friendly with each other / s  why would iraqi kurds had a say on the kirkuk oil in the first place ? 
  because al maliki litterally stole 500 billions $ of their own state money using the baghdad gov 's bank accesses to do so before getting cut out by barzani then later the americans . 
  no state can survive that kind of shock without an external cash flow edit : 500 sorry  and krg was using iraqi money for building themselves a state , again , until al maliki  and are , collaborating with the invaders , lol . 
  they were the only ones that did n't immediately sold their tanks to isis and ran away at 30 ' 000 vs 800 daeshis . 
  if anybody collaborated it 's the iraqis in mosul & ambar big time . 
  but hey i see rewriting historical books is still cool nowadays / s  both parties that you 're mentioning are some corrupt collaborators , some ? 
  billions . 
   the problem is in the areas without a kurdish majority that pyd is taking over . 
  they actually tend to stay out of those ones . 
  there have been a few areas they had to take strategically to destabilize daesh ( the ennemy ) like al hawl , tal abyad , or maybe soon raqqah , but they tend to stay out of those . 
   yeah , and as we know , pyd is not let go any of those regions even after isis is defeated . 
  by the way , it 's the sae thing with the kirkuk actually ... well once again you are mixing pyd and kdp . 
  can you stop that ? 
  it 's like mixing turkey and say greece . 
  yeah they used to be friend , and ? 
   take a look at the syrian ( east ) kurdistan maps , do you really think that pyd is taking those regions for the sake of humanity or for their goals ? 
  no , he 's taking them because he 's missing 900b and they never reappeared . 
   those regions also will be more and more kurdish during the time , that much still appear like a lot of fantasy, 
   naaa , no need to worry , what would they do ? 
  there is little to no consequences for the creditors for not being paid now oh yeah nazi gd greece that plans attacks on turkey , use unlimited false euros supplies , trafick nato military hardware on the blackmarket and does not listen to absolutely anyone in europe and generally start acting like the north koreans what could go wrong / s  other way around consequences for greece would be far worse than just paying - they 're reaching the point where they 're starting to be short on food . 
  i do n't think the troika realize how bad they 're fucking over greece . 
  it 's going to blow up in their faces big time if they pressure anymore . 
   as demonstrated by the fact that some areas under isis control were and are kurdish majority . 
  uh lol . 
  they told all the kurds from a lot of places like raqqah or manbij too to all leave or all get killed one by one . 
  open ethnic cleansing  saying that isis is/was trying to genocide kurds is a blatant lie which demeans true victims of isis genocidal activities , the yazids . 
  one does not preclude the other  please do n't use genocide for political points , you understand they tried to kill the entire city of kobane to the last survivor right ? 
  that 's not `` political points '' . 
   syriza wants to do this by raising the pension contribution instead of lowering pensions . 
  troika does n't accept that because it will lead to further recession and raise unemployment . 
  because obviously citizens who stop consuming ( or having electricity . ), 
  for lack of a income ( due to no pension and no job ) definitely would n't cause a recession / s syriza 's likely right again but ...  also syriza has a very thin parliamentary majority ( 153/300 ) i ca n't shake the feeling the gd will get elected next due to a living too hard in greece for many , [ gd that will stop ( refuse ) paying anything to germany on the spot . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/greece-debt-crisis-watch-angry-golden-dawn-mp-rip-up-bailout-deal-during-heated-debate-10392791.html ) things are going to get rockier : /, 
   i wonder why hollande is relatively low compared to others western leaders . 
  i guess he makes less noise as a personality than others \\* shrugs * it 's even partly why he got elected after sarkozy i think, 
   by organizations like amnesty international . 
  it 's not like some fairy tails of isis . 
  amnesty took that story because it was relayed by turkish military who relayed it from `` civilians evacuating tel abyad '' , who for some just happened to be isis fighter dropping uniform and running the border . 
  this is how how `` helicopter info '' ends up twisted and on the internet like that , when it 's not willfull propaganda by people who ca n't shake up their view of `` moderates '' who joigned isis . 
   like kirkuk was n't going to happen in iraq ? 
  you might be confusing ( voluntarily ? 
  :-| you sure you are n't taking me for an idiot ? ), 
  the pyd and barzani 's kdp . 
  they 're rivals and absolutely 100 % different gov. 
  the krg is founded on the remnants of the cold war 's cia connection and led by the kdp party . 
  rojava is led by the the pyd ... who are , well , they 're former reds . 
  while both works decently with the americans and signed peace , they still have large political rivaleries . 
  as for barzani ( leader of the kdp ) , he has good relations with turkey and correct relations with baghdad ( under al abadi ) & the rest of iraq i believe . 
  and ( playing the devils ' advocate because i know barzani is hilariously corrupt too but ) the krg mostly made a run for kirkuk 's oil after maliki ( al abadi 's corrupt predecessor ) being the corrupt racist he was started pocketing ( stealing ) the krg 's full share of the state budget for himself using sectarian tensions as a cover & that did put the krg in a serious economical crisis ( late wages etc ) . 
   non-kurdish areas within the kurdish cantons and also the surrounding areas that they managed got their hands in * are to became more and more kurdish anyway * , bullshit . 
  they however did kept political control by integrating the local arabs in the local government . 
   and would be included into the kurdish zone , by any means of force . 
  more fiction i see : they are n't trying very hard against assyrian or arab presence in hasakah or qamishlo for example . 
  of course they are expanding on isis but who would hand back territory to islamonazis that just tried to fully genocide you twice in 2 years ? 
  so they do have sense enough to ( rightly ) appoint pyd-friendly arabs councils instead because anybody would do the same to avoid looking for knives in their back constantly . 
  daesh is not `` just a normal neighbor '' , they need to be dissolved as a group . 
   while they 're cleansing non-kurds from the areas that they 're taking under their control , that one was bullshit spreaded by isis . 
  the ones that went after empty sunni houses where mostly in iraq , mostly yezidi and some peshmerga and they partly got in trouble . 
  the sinjar battlefield definitely had a revenge problem . 
   wanting to enlarge their region into the areas without any kurdish majority ( even hdp expressed their wish for annexing latakia in the syrian kurdish zone ) that bit is true tho but with the war moving they realized latakia was n't a realistically achievable objective ( or was n't worth it ) so it 's never going to happen . 
  now i 'm not saying they 're saints but i 'm pointing out the reasons why they got closer to saa . 
  if you want to integrate people properly you need to do it over time to give them time to acclimatize , learn about the country , the language , what they should do or on the contrary not do , rebuild their life and becoming productive member . 
  too many at once can produce a social shock otherwise . 
  and despite what the press and services says , the problem is less people already there than the fact that the speed rate is * increasing * and some countries in north africa ( hello morrocco ? ), 
  are using it to send abroad ( or let leave ) part of their citizens they ca n't handle . 
   and with the kurdish cooperation with russia and the saa this does n't make turkey very happy . 
  let me build a bit of a timeline . 
  from memory so admittedly a few details like exact order can be fuzzy : - daesh ( islamists ultra radicals ) tries to genocide the kurds in syria . 
  that 's ends up at the battle of kobane . 
  - turkey rumored by some to have helped daesh to try because they dislike the ypg and call them pkk - the saa gave them ammo & weapons no questions asked for collective survival in hasakah/afrin - constant death threats from turkey , random shelling by turkish , multi tons daesh suicide trucks sent from turkey in kobane - ypg still do n't answer back . 
  pkk stand back in cease fire - massacre in suruc where civilians who planned to rebuild kobane got massacred .
