  ( however if we ever open a refugee center abroad i do hope he 'll spend the rest of his time in a cell there ) ( edit : oh and if the conditions in erithree where to remotely change , yeah i hope we ship him back too ), 
   the current islamic year is 1437 of the islamic calendar that started in 622 ad when muhammad moved from mecca to medina . 
  which is a derivate of older abrahamic book religions . 
   i think you are pretty ignorant regarding islamic law . 
  it 's pretty up to date , it has a jurisprudence system : and will not be implemented in europe either way . 
  if he wants so much to see his `` robin hood hero '' ( words of his ) ossama bin laden 's country `` working '' in 2015 , i 'm sure we can fund him a one way ticket toward afghanistan . 
  edit : sorry , i had bastin in front of my screen , his words . 
  but the whole lot are taliban supporters . 
  definitely not the kind of people we want anywhere near any power in our countries . 
  edit : lol it looks like it 's a former iranian destabilization project ( like the russians with the right wingers . 
  and looking at it , it does looks like strangely like old soviet tricks . ), 
  ; and that he 's gone native . 
  french : http://www.lesoir.be/141861/article/debats/chats/2012-12-20/11h02-relations-du-parti-islam-avec-l-iran-posent-question, 
  well at my own level such individual can go f ** k himself . 
  at some point he 's bound to show his real game and try something racist and retarded , at which point hopefully he 'll have dual nationality and hopefully we 'll be able to expulsate that taliban party, 
   `` being opposed to sharia law under all circumstances '' is like being opposed to napoleonic law or common law ( british law ) `` under all circumstances '' . 
  it does n't make a lot of sense . 
  one of those is based on a 2000y old religion that has trouble updating itself to modernity , the other were based on western values and kept up to date . 
   also for establishing sharia , introducing the death penalty , ... 
  in short , nothing good . 
  all of this being illegal in the eu either way ; so not going to happen . 
  i 'm not sure i understand your message . 
  could you rephrase ? 
  right , because we `` totally need '' extreme right mayors like that guy who tries to be like robert m\u00e9nart ( the current fn mayor poster boy . 
  such a `` great guy '' who go around people 's house and ask them around just to `` remind the invading strangers that we do n't like foreigners here , foreigner '' based on their name or skin colors ; put military-like curfews on minors at 8 ` o'clock , hang around nazis , banned the eu flag , rose his own paycheck 15 % when he start talking austerity , banned free cantine food for the poorest childrens , etc etc ) . 
  do n't let them blind you with their act `` we are just tough but protect our people '' ; the fn are nazis with a pretty face who love using `` security '' as an excuse to do wtf they want to people they do n't like . 
   they just labeled everyone `` military observer '' or `` spy '' and drove everyone out , journos included , at gun point . 
  but i 'm sure the arrested journos where `` military obsevers '' too . 
   probably military observers were kicked out they just labeled everyone `` military observer '' or `` spy '' and drove everyone out , journos included , at gun point . 
  so , as i was saying ; the russians evicted the ose ; and when they tried to come back in they were met with russian soldiers barring the way and firing warning shots and telling them they would shoot them if they passed , everytime they came close : http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/08/us-osce-shots-idusbrea270hj20140308 then when journos tried to go in to watch it , the fsb raided their inn and arrested everyone a couple hours later : http://time.com/26320/gunmen-storm-crimea-hotel-full-of-reporters-on-eve-of-referendum/ quite the invitation you got there . 
  actually they were kicked out by the ru army . 
  i 'm on mobile so link later, 
  yeah but they insist for visa liberalization so if they wants it they 'll have to cut a deal with us . 
  right , demokratic people 's republik referendum organized by red army & voting for putin & annexation by russia @ 123 % . 
  what ? 
  nobody 's going to * force * them . 
  we can offer them money and visa liberalization and other advantages in exchange . 
   but you have to admit that winter presents a serious problem to electric cars , because battery life is lower in cold weather that might have been the case 10y ago but afaik technology partly walked over that one nowadays . 
  it 's like talking about the `` dreaded year 2000 bug that will cause the computerocalypse '' . 
  yeah no . 
  also your smartphone wo n't stop working in winter or have a massive change of autonomy , even if you forget it powered down ( so no heat ) in your jacket 's pocket outside by -10 \u00b0 c for 2 days . 
  yet it 's the same kind of li-ion battery tech in it . 
   but also due to the need for heating . 
  that 's true , but if you can still drive 200-400km on it it 's still perfectly usable imho ; especially since like 90 % of car uses around here is basic 5-20km commuting 2-4x a day . 
   while with an electric car you either have to have electric heaters or use an ac yeah electric heaters . 
  altho you do n't need to have +30 \u00b0 c climate inside during the dead of winter either and modern insulation does miracles . 
  btw i think tesla even found a way to use the car 's inertia to recover * some * energy and power the car 's electronics/climate control with it ? 
  it goes as far as using braking : http://www.teslamotors.com/blog/magic-tesla-roadster-regenerative-braking i 'm also surprized people quietly ignore that gaz car can also loose up to 50 % autonomy by pushing the ac . 
  but it 's only a major problem on electric cars apparently / s, 
   justice minister s\u00f8ren pind formally introduced plans to treat danes who engage in armed conflict abroad as traitors , allowing for punishments that could include lifetime sentences . 
  maybe they should still separate a bit groups identified as ally/neutral and terroristic/ennemy groups and adapt the sentance in consequence ? 
  : x ( i 'm saying this because i 'm seeing http://www.thelocal.dk/20151026/danish-woman-who-fought-isis-has-passport-taken on the sidebar of the article ; and no i do n't think what said person did was half as bad as daesh fighters . 
  the peshmerga being the krg 's - an ally of nato - national forces and a professionnal military force )  `` when people neglect their loyalty and choose to fight alongside extremists they need to be aware that they will be closely watched and it will have serious consequences when they return , '' he added . 
  definitely, 
   you could buy up a few civilian vessels on the cheap at that point it 'd be shipper to refurbish an old oil rig or similar / s. 
  i do n't think you understand the volumes we are talking about . 
  we 're talking multi planes level . 
  like 10k a day . 
  so no we certainly ca n't afford to buy an entire fleet of ships just to deport people . 
  it 's cheaper to board , commandeer and lead the smuggler 's ship wherever you want instead . 
   when does it become hate speech ? 
  about the time you call publickly for racism or similar i guess ? 
  germany has very strict laws about that because they want to avoid a wwii repetition and any socially-accepted hate ( banalisation of violence & racism ) . 
   who makes the rules ? 
  the democratically elected german government . 
  and no you ca n't even claim it 's european interventionism ; that 's a german law in germany picked by germans as far as i know . 
  good . 
  no reason to tolerate any of that foreign nationalism bullshit in europe . 
   , which in norway ( again , correct me if i am wrong ) is more than enough for the average driver to still get around and not have any real issue thanks to the cold . 
  sorry if i sound like an asshole , but i 'm pushing for a solution i know might work at european level ; but i 'm not sure i have a perfect solution for canada . 
  yeah , my guess is if you have an old car that has still around 500km on battery you 'd have 200/300km in winter ( or 150km if really bad winter and old battery ) . 
  which might be insufficient with the canadian winter . 
  altho if you pushed the car size and stacked it with batteries like they sized up cars to become suv in the states ( or even replaced the front trunk with batteries ) , i 'm sure you could triple or more the autonomy . 
  but then the price would look more like 80k than 15/25k brand new in the theoritical design i 'm talking about . 
  ( good ) hydrogen powered two way fuel cells would help solve the issue , but they 're not there yet and wo n't be for some time . 
   a poor and easily bribed place in africa like gambia , mauritania or guinea-bissau would do the trick far too far for their boats . 
  we need to pick basically around the mediterannean a non-eu non-syria location if we want to build an out-of-border refugee center . 
  lebanon is already at max capacity with 4 million refugees , israel would crucify us ( things are n't diplomatically great with netanyahu ) and never accept it either way , egypt has little gov capacity to handle it too due to recent social instability ( would n't push them too hard they could crash currently ) . 
  algeria said no , and morrocco asks us to take away their own migrants to our futur center . 
  that leaves us with : - turkey - taking control of parts of libya - renting a greek uninhabited island - dunno about tunisia ? 
  they probably are n't the stablest country either tho . 
   so who is going to be europe 's papua new guinea ? 
  turkey , which is likely quite a bit richer and stable ` r. 
   we need the ability to turn them back , once they entered the eu . 
  which requires a deal with turkey , lebanon and the like . 
  then we could close the balkan route . 
  the hungarian fence works because there are routes that are not fenced off . 
  this :\\ you 're right  but increasing financial help is always a good idea . 
  but sending money wo n't stop isis . 
  so a bit more is necessary . 
  solving the crisis will need the removal of daesh ( isis ) , yes . 
  +1  and about language and integration courses ? 
  already mandatory . 
    it 's outright impossible to give every asylum seeker access to these courses . 
  true , but by keep doing it overtime it 'll help integrate those already here to prevent/limit further problems . 
  well the second one is norwegian , which has a climate just as cold if not more in some parts than canada . 
  i listed the first one first because it had precise figures , but it does n't stop there afaik . 
  autonomy do diminish with the cold since the ac and engine & road handling has to push more , but it does n't reduce to unusable the battery 's own efficiency apparently . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  so ; when do security arrest everyone ?
