  nice job capturing her alive, 
   this is either a publicity stunt ( most likely ) , or a play to get cheap labor how about a bit of both ? 
  ~ ~ empty space in portugal , duly noted !, 
  muhahaha ~ ~, 
  seems legit ; oh well they might as well do it at night with your glorious tornados that ca n't fly in the dark :d, 
   but not the answer . 
  as long as tens of thousands flee fighting there will be refugee waves  we did have a chance of a military intervention for more than 3 years , but with russia joining assad that is not a viable possibility anymore . 
  oh we are , with the sdf in the north ( coalition ) and on a diplomatic plan too  people are fleeing from assad as of now they 're mostly fleeing fighting . 
  i mean , numbers of people will flee assad yeah but not by the millions either ( those who wanted to do so did a year ago or hide in turkey in the north ) . 
  it 's partly the french answer to the ddg 1000 that totally was n't making us salivate !, 
  but without the bow mounted laser but at 1/6 of the price, 
  macedonia is working on closing borders ( i think they did it a week ago ), 
   this type moral grandstanding is particularly funny coming from france where alstom has recently been caught yeah , by french personnal . 
  we did n't waited for a foreign country to barge in and denounce them ; and did n't destroyed another country 's economy to line up our pockets since the ( de ) colonization  thales in bribing its way through malaysia , who are a company partially owned by the government , interesting ; thanks for the tip edit : annnnnd it looks like we 're opening a probe to punish the culprits edit : would you look at that , it appears sarkozy at least knew about it . 
  xd damn it he really touched everything . 
  well ; i 've been digging a bit around and turns out even accounting that it 's brand new and latest tech ~ ~ or at least it 's monkey version likely ~ ~ the price look quite a bit inflated at 17 ' 000 ' 000 $ ( 17 millions ) per tank . 
  for example , looking at ukraine , they are refurbishing old cis tanks for around 5 million a piece for a fully renovated oplot tank full export marked-up price . 
  of course , it 's not `` new '' ( factory fresh ) ; but half the parts on the hull are and in case of a turkey/greece spat ; it 's not `` more high tech '' that 's going to change anything since tanks ca n't cross sea bodies ; they 'd need large numbers to have some on every islands and air strikes would play a large role ( and if you get bombed by a plane , whether it 's a leopard or a t90 or a t64 and you get a 500kg tb round on your head from a couple km above , you 're going to be dead anyway ) . 
  so ; looking at the 17 ' 000 ' 000 $ / unit price to a bankrupt ~ ~ african state ~ ~ euro country , it 's likely 80 % of that price is corruption-induced hallucination ( commonly called `` theft '' ) . 
  so if i were greece : - i 'd ask germany to either recover their tanks and fully refund or fully deduce it from ongoing debts . 
  - or offer to keep them in exchange for a `` mere '' 80 % refund ( knowning it 's still a large mark up from real prices and ridiculously and abusively high ) - use some of that money to buy second hand tanks to fullfill their defense needs - use the remaining saved billions euros to reinvest more usefully in their country . 
  - and if ( when ) germany refuse to give anything and play dead ; ~ ~ rewriting all the money back to greece and some more ~ ~ thinking of bringing it to the stockholm arbitration court . 
  edit : woops one too many zeros . 
  greece paid the tanks 17 millions per unit which is still more than 3 time their value , not 170 million . 
  they could never have afforded that much anyway / s, 
  both are responsible . 
  if i go to your parents , tell them i will give them 100 $ if they give me 2000 $ of your money in exchange for some random whatever junk , you think i 'd be innocent ? 
  this is exactly what happened . 
   we need a long term solution on how to deal with refugees , immigration and border control . 
  we do , but you 're not going to like the answer : the current problem at the source of that crisis is the civil war in syria & libya . 
  we 're still fighting the first one and trying to look for solutions with the rebels and syrian governement . 
  problem is the islamists are nowhere near dead yet ; and raqqah 's still in their hands . 
  once that will be addressed we 'll need to bring at least a facsimile of order in libya too to close the border and road there too . 
  and it 's going to take time : /, 
  tha kind of systemic corruption you see in the topic is largely responsible too for leading some countries like greece where they are today ; extreme poverty . 
  when government money is stolen 2 billions at a time ... 
  how much of the population and surface of europe do austria and germany represent ? 
  but it 's true germany do more than it 's fair share with refugees ; france could maybe do a bit more ; remind me to poke our own gov a bit once the calais situation is addressed, 
  well which is why we should have an eu wide tax fraud/evasion crackdown , not ignore it, 
   i do n't even wan na know how much tax they manage to avoid . 
  well you should ; because if all multinationals paid their taxes honestly the various states could pay every europeans 2000 $ / mo of welfare on top of their other income and there would still be wads of cash to spare . 
  it 's well within the `` not funny at all anymore '' , 
   no need , they ( well , the top guys ) got caught in the end . 
  glad to hear it  alright  especially as german colleagues used to crack jokes about corruption in romania ( which was also true , of course ) . 
  i can imagine haha, 
   i 'm not saying our own corruption is okay . 
  i am saying that a corruption is so established in some countries that companies actually consider it an operating cost . 
  if you checked , i am sure most of the multinational corporations working in indonesia use bribes too . 
  and that mentality is how you end up poor like indoniesia , ukraine or russia , despite the last two actually having more industries than you . 
  because if you tolerate them stealing from others , how much do you think they steal from you , german tax payer , with your own tax money at arm 's length ? 
  `` ho they would never dare ! '', 
  right ? 
   this is how many germans see business , unfortunately . 
  and burglars see business as emptying your home . 
   they had a fund set aside to bribe officials in italy ( and other countries ) , and many german colleagues did n't think it was a big deal . 
  `` it is the italians who are corrupt , we are just doing business '' . 
  how about you send all that stuff to the anti corruption agency ? 
   they actually thought they were being upstanding citizens , and did n't really understand what was so wrong about it . 
  it was kind of cute . 
  yeah . 
  welcome to ~ ~ eastern europe ~ ~ post 80 's occident . 
   then the contract should be annulled and the money paid back . 
  i agree , germany should refund greece those 1 ' 700 ' 000 ' 000 $ they grabbed by corruption . 
  or at least write it off entirely from the debts . 
  but watch how the excuses will fly and they 'll never pay it anyway . 
   you know that multinational business often have extra funds they keep just to bribe local officials because they know otherwise nothing will ever get done ? 
  i would n't be surprised if a lot of business did n't have these for greece . 
  `` they 're all corrupt and more than us so our own corruption is totally ok !, 
  also whatabout greek corruption ''  the difference is that on one side we had german businessmen acting as businessmen will so if a company decide to burglarize at people 's home they do fullfill their main objective too : making money . 
  i fail to see how that make it legal . \u00b2, 
  ahah watch the german defending germany 's right to bribe and corrupt it 's way . 
   the company does what its supposed to do , sell their products . 
  so if a company decide to burglarize at people 's home they do fullfill their main objective too : making money . 
  i fail to see how that make it legal . 
   austria declared it will allow in no more than 3,200 refugees a day , regardless of whether they intend to go to germany or apply for asylum in austria , and will introduce a daily limit of 80 asylum requests . 
  those are pretty reasonable numbers in reality ( from an humanitarian point of view ) ; intended to decrease flow . 
  if people realise it 's starting to bottleneck , word will spread back of it, 
  okay . 
  but debriefing/trial/jail on arrival . 
  wtf . 
  hey you 're kind of going against the cause and definitely not helping yourself . 
  there 's plenty of real drowning so please do n't add false ones to it . 
  you 're not saving much , and subsidizing yourself with only a couple billions likely wo n't fix an integrated economy that has just kind of shot itself in the foot ; but that 's just my 2 cents . 
  but oh well it 's the uk 's choice and if your economy survived blair & tatcher , you 're likely going to survive it anyway ... 
  erh . 
  they could get a free trade agreement either way ; and poland certainly is n't by any mean the poorest eu state . 
  that would probably be greece currently ( seriously , when people ran from greece to romania , you know the country is totally fucked ) , and with for example ( not in exact order but ... ) at least croatia/slovakia/romania / hungaria/bulgaria ; and moldova # 1 poorest when they might join it . 
   so i ca n't see the eu making trade difficult just to say `` i told you so '' you largely overestimate how much we 'd care about `` revenge '' just because the uk want to go their own separate way . 
  we 'd keep an eye on the visas and treatment of eu citizens tho ( welfare , visas ) edit : and tax fraud , but i suspect that 'd be all . 
  there 's a lot of other `` countries that annoys us all to death '' on the short list to strangle with sanctions wayyyy before the uk . 
  well yeah . 
  that whole topic is speculation as far as we all know . 
  that 's kind of the point :-p, 
  well . 
  it depends on what measures and relation they have toward the eu i guess . 
  - if they ask for visas from the eu , the eu will ask the same - if they ask for tariffs , so will we - if they cut all welfare to eu passeports holders after leaving the eu ; there 's a serious reciprocate risk too - let alone if they start deporting poles `` that steal all our jerbs and welfare '' ; we 'd likely start refusing just as much uk visas arbitrarily threats apart ; it 's likely we 'd establish a free trade agreement . 
  the post-cameron torries tho will likely want to seal their border on the incoming side to stop what they perceive as an invasion . 
   who will be affected the most ? 
  my guess would be anybody hoping to travel and/or settle to and from the uk ; or anybody that has to ask for social funding/help/welfare / unemployment/nhs . 
  and anyone affected by regulations they will want to repeal because they see them as `` eu led intrusion on our sovereignty '' .
