   ruling that she is `` too lazy to earn a living '' . 
  looks like the crazy victim blaming is still the first order of business ... i do n't know about that specific case so i do n't blame the parents ; but that `` if you do n't have a job you 're lazy '' mentality imported from the us is something akin to the `` if you got sick it 's your own fault '' . 
  that mentality is just cancer ; and the current job market a disaster ( in spain it 's low pay , wage theft everywhere , shady minimal wage and very little jobs ) . 
  ( and no , reducing pay even more or giving more billions to billionaires that already do n't pay anyone a living in the first place would n't help anything ) should n't also welfare exist to handle that kind of case ? 
  you know , like so called '' * unemployment * '' . 
   germans have as many words for economics as inuit do for snow ^ ( not even surprized ; wonder how many the us got for capitalism ), 
  looks like nigel is ready to go postal !, 
  but , no , do n't worry , as far as i know , brexit will happen , it 'll just likely drag the entire length ( the + / - 2y ) for likely negoc attempts ( and giving the uk time to figure things out on how they 're going to do on their own ) before finalizing it . 
  this is good news , we 're glad to hear it . 
   how is the political scandal of the kohl administration related to the greek debt crisis ? 
  it 's not an isolated `` kohl admin story '' ; it 's a carreer of corruption you find in that kind of cases . 
   sure , you can put all of those on a whiteboard , draw random lines between then , put a picture of a pyramid with an eyeball in the middle at the very center of it if you dismiss every corruption charges as illuminatis do n't wonder why you could end up like the us ; because when merkel will be too old to stay in charge in 30-40y it would be at risk of seriously going downhill . 
  albeit if i understand well the cdu are grooming schulz ( spd ... ) as a political replacement when that 'll happen and he has no corruption charges in his folder ? 
  * '' he is being investigated for possible fictive jobs too ( well paying people to do other things instead ) , damn ( albeit it looks like a lot less serious )  how is any of this predatory lending ? 
  bribing officials to take loans their country ca n't repay is part of predatory lending habits, 
  either that or it 's to push companies to limit non occidental immigration to high skill employees ( ie scientists or rockstar profiles with high pay where companies would n't mind adding 2k social taxes ) . 
  conspiracy theories ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cdu_donations_scandal https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siemens_greek_bribery_scandal https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wolfgang_sch%c3%a4uble#assassination_attempt_and_resulting_health_issues https://www.ft.com/content/09c4ff30-2fb9-11e5-8873-775ba7c2ea3d https://www.wsj.com/articles/behind-germanys-hard-line-on-greece-cracks-form-between-merkel-and-schauble-1436389126 i 'm only listing well documented and known public events . 
  of course i do n't approve what went on ( trying to murder more people is n't going to solve our social issues and it 's frequently the mark of bad dictatorships , which is why i endorse generally impeachment and pushing people out instead ) , and you can also refuse to link them and declare it 's conspiracy theories and deny the cause  consequences links ; but i 'm forced point out it out and deal with that political landscape for my part . 
   i 'm wondering why you keep repeating the criminal weapons deal because the shady deals ( whether weapons or industrial ) are probably 30-40 % of the country 's debts . 
  without those , they 'd have finished solving the crisis already . 
  also , the extreme resistance of wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , the german economy minister , to any mesure about greece while knowing he personally participated in the german bribe & kickback scandals is also an enormous source of anger and hate toward the man . 
  the only reason nobody is not doing anything more about is because a radical leftist already went rogue and tried to murder him ( which left him seriously paralyzed after treatment because of neurological damages we do n't know how to patch properly ; and because you do n't experiment too much with experimental & potentially deadly stuff on an important minister i guess ) ; which makes the situation even worse as i 'm sure you can understand . 
   the only one responsible for greece 's situation is greece itself . 
  this is a bald faced complete lie . 
  this is `` alternative fact '' level of gas lightning total fantasy . 
   another thing : if you think germany is dealing harshly with greece , nobody is keeping france or anybody else from helping greece we are , but it 's getting increasingly harder when the german economy minister sabotaged it at every turns . 
  you 're just fleeing the responsabilities of your own country by dropping all the blame on greece while willfully ignoring that : - the current greek syriza gov has very little to do with the bribery situation earlier - many german officials currently in charge , let alone industrialists still in charge of their companies , played a part on that situation however - using bribes and blackmail is regarded as highly illegal by german law too - you are willfully destroying greece and ruining millions of lives to cover your part of responsability in that bribery scandal and the profit your own industries made from it . 
  i 'm sorry but this is criminal and unacceptable . 
  using the opportunity to re add a layer that `` this is the greeks ' fault ! '', 
  is just like when the us republicans ( billionaires on stolen money ) yells `` they ask for it !, 
  it 's their fault they are so lazy '' when people died from lack of healthcare 10y ago . 
  it just makes me angry . 
   nobody forced greece to ask for money from the eu . 
  `` no one forced papandreou to accept rheinmetall bribes ! '', 
  yeah right , with all due respect , kindly sod off, 
  bribing pasok officials so they would knowingly over endebt their country to buy german weapons & stuff ( despite knowing they could n't pay back ; going by the line of `` take that money now and leave the problem to other politicians in 20y '' ) is predatory to me . 
  and using it to enforce ultra austerity conditions similar to the treaty of versailles ( the one the french assholish authorities at the end of wwi imposed on germany that led to the ultra radicalization of the country and the rise of the nsdap ) ... 
  i 'm watching the greek golden dawn ( the one with swatikas flags ) taking a similar position in their country right now . 
  you know i actually agree with you deep down but i digress, 
  most societies recognize predatory lending as a shady activity nowadays, 
  what ? 
  that 's actually dishonest . 
  we 're not expecting germany to pay for french bills . 
  we 're only asking them to stop trying to shake down greece to pay it 's own . 
   wild east yeah just do n't start your own / r/floridaman with it and y' all be ok, 
   the russians get important information from combatants , activists and their families from vkontakte on a regular basis . 
  except when they do n't because vkontakte is a cover up excuse for other sources, 
  you misunderstand what i 'm trying to say . 
  part of the official reason they block those sites is `` not to help the russians by giving them info '' . 
  except nobody use vkontakt for official secret business so it 's a dubious excuse there . 
  ergo i think they should n't block it, 
  legorafi is a satire website  it 's our theonion.com, 
  yeah but at least officials rarely use vkontakte to contact each others for internal daily business it 's stuff you want aired out you put there otoh , mail.ru is used in eastern europe like hotmail is used in the us : x, 
  hopefully it 'll help reduce future pandemics ; good call italy, 
  well yeah that kind of comment can only come from him lol, 
   for most plans ( except for the most expensive ones ) they will continue to charge for receiving incoming calls . 
  wut is n't all that illegal ? 
   keep in mind that the majority of mobile plans in poland are kept within the bounds of 5 or 10 euros per month we got some plans within the same bounds in france and none of them charge receiving phonecalls ( iirc ), 
   ahh , the convenient `` white : mentally ill , brown : terrorist '' . 
  to be fair one does not preclude the other : we have a clear case of terrorism with possible mental issues . 
  it 's obvious she should be locked up at least some time . 
  but that does n't preclude eventual therapy ( from wherever she 's locked up . ) . 
  hence why we were considering `` debrainwashing programs '' for locked isis fighters in europe, 
  ^ ( i remember when it was 1 $ = 1.30 $ ), 
   mail.ru , a popular mail host , with many ukrainian government employees still using it ( despite being criticized for essentially handling over their communications to russia 's fsb ) that however is a concern , state comms should n't use a russian service but an ua one, 
  facepalm, 
   uefa it 's also a european thing , just saying . 
  ^ ( and they can always join sepp blatter 's fifa as a replacement ), 
   i look forward to the day britons vote to leave britain . 
  at that point , if rupert made the case they would lol, 
  ^ ( ah , yes , the `` tourist prices '' ) ; you can get a can at a supermarket for 2 $ in france ( probably even in paris ) haha, 
  maybe there 's a few valid reasons for that : \u00b0, 
  * kiev nazi junta * , please . 
  more seriously , it does confirms where the main opposition to macron came from ... 
   living in strasbourg , symbol of the french-german hate , heart of the reconciliation , capital of the european union , ^ ( wait , i thought we were talking about brussels for a minute ), 
  hey , give him time to start ranting about order 66 and the tragedy of darth plagueis the wise first :d plus he 's 30 years ( ^ ^ or ^ ^ a ^ ^ couple ^ ^ days ^ ^ of ^ ^ work ) away from grey hair currently . 
  ah , sorry , i 'm used to just wave the card for everything in occident lol  and they may only have american-style `` wonder bread '' , because it wo n't get stale fast . 
  is n't that where i 'm supposed to reuse the cliche of the french with his baguette to make fast sandwiches ? 
  sure , but italy is probably closer and still in the eu  of course it makes sense some would like instead to live in say sk or japan or elsewhere ( iirc the prc is probably a lot cheaper but drastic on immigration of such people ) . 
  maybe vietnam ? 
   lack of shopping options well the immediate food you buy at the grocery shop , but the important things you order online on amazon & co  near zero banking nearly everything related to banking , insurances etc can be done online or by phone nowadays  and poor internet well it 's southern continental europe , it should be in range of cell signal for 3g or 4g so you should have at least 2mb by phone  100k seems minimum for a decent place hey i 'm a city dweller too most of the time ;-) but i can understand it 's not for everyone and you can do most thing by the net nowadays so it 's less a problem than say 30y ago where you 'd be screwed with no job and no way to order anything, 
  or either i do n't buy it for a second just like i never believed it when ukip denied any links to the tories despite being a very obvious brexit tory project . 
  they just use convenient isolation policies from each others but work toward the same goal . 
  yep , one can imagine `` digital nomads '' working throught the net ( & paid @ distance ) would have an easier time there yes than in costlier areas, 
  curious to see whether the fn participated in it, 
   does it have internet ? 
  ^ ( the real priorities there haha ), 
  `` not lying '' would be a good start . 
   the image you linked to is a party manifesto commitment . 
  his party holds no seats . 
  what can he do ? 
  that 's probably the poorest excuse i 've heard in a while . 
  '' * yeah we promised that and it was impossible but we lost the election so it does n't hurt we lied y' know ? 
  * '' allow me to answer with '' * tssk tssk '' * . 
   the point is that she does n't beat up jewish kids in her spare time no she does n't but friends of her n \u00b0 2 florian philippot routinely do beat muslims tho . 
   so that statement would be an untrue exaggeration well as a result not really . 
  and that 's a problem . 
   now , imagine if greenpeace had said that le pen was a neo-nazi who beat up jewish children in her spare time . 
  yeah apart the bit where her party was also founded by actual waffen ss members ( leon gaultier & bousquet ) for example .
