  people have a major income problem ; and adressing it with wage increases (  rise the minimal ) and/or welfare is necessary if you want them to spend . 
  because we teach people not to live on loans lest they end up like the greeks . 
  say a citizen need a car but ca n't afford it . 
  you loan him 10 ' 000 $ at 1 % . 
  congrats , he still ca n't afford it but now he owes the system 10 ' 100 $ which he can even less pay . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_resistance of course , when talking nowadays most of us would `` obviously sign in the resistance and pick the glorious fight against the nazis '' ah . 
  easier to pick to be on the right side from 70 later , admittedly :-p, 
  not all of them , that said . 
  which would cause them to send people to fly a greek flag in istanbul . 
  real subtle . 
  ( and even if the greek gov would n't , i can garrantee the golden dawn would go ballistic and do it ), 
  are you sure you did n't confused me with zenos ? 
  i 'm not the one that want to mass kick out people, 
  thats a problem . 
  not the one . 
  i 'm more concerned with the poverty and healthcare issues that kills people there faster than old ethnic excuses . 
   do you really think the whole situation will ever be resolved you do n't understand . 
  in my eyes , the situation is already mostly resolved in the balkan : peace . 
  most people do n't try killing their neighbor . 
  there 's only a handfull of people like you are angering yourself alone in your corner trying to look for 40 years old excuses to hate people . 
  most people got on with their lives and moved on . 
  a handfull of criminals might have escaped * for the moment * , but that 's beside the point . 
   i do n't see how that 's relevant . 
  are we supposed to let these people come to our country and do whatever they want out of some misguided colonial guilt ? 
  come ? 
  that 's where you are wrong . 
  the lepen are pointing out people there forever and declaring them strangers based on their skin color or religion . 
  you think that people that yell `` monkey out ! '', 
  at obama are acting ok ? 
  so why do you think they 're acting ok when pointing brown people in france ? 
   this is what makes people vote for the likes of le pen . 
  that or just plain old racism . 
  so called `` alt right '' shit is just that . 
  algeria and morrocco and other places ( syria , talking about the devil ) where french ( as in `` french land '' ) for a couple centuries ... that 's where a lot of french muslims came from in reality . 
  their grand grand fathers moved to metropole ( mainland france ) and now a lot are getting singled out . 
  kindah like pointing out black people in the us . 
  the second thing you need to know is that the lepen family originate from former french colonial masters , who had muslim servants in those areas . 
  it looks like the mindset got passed down to nowadays . 
  kind of like breitbart readers that asks for obama 's slavery emancipation certificate . 
  it probably is that retarded . 
   i never said that . 
  i said , the only way the ethnic groups would finally stop killing each other is to just let them fight it out themselves alone ... ridiculous . 
  helping the circle of violence will never stop it . 
   the icty went to albania and then they could not collect evidence because albania was not listed by the un as a conflict country ... then does n't it becomes an icc job ? 
   some points like the accountability problems of the icty did not address at all ... 
  which , while bad , does n't even remotely justify mindsets such as `` let them massacre each others '' . 
  that 's just bloodlust and you 're making excuses for it, 
   20 years later she 'll moan , ` foreigners are uneducated and not contributing to our society with proper jobs which require qualifications which is their fault not ours ' [ reminds me of shrodinger 's immigrant , simultaneously too lazy to work and stealing your job !, 
  ] ( http://66.media.tumblr.com/9ee089325f7ea833ed71be1fd63105f0/tumblr_nwbqhwoh751rwuk6do1_500.png ), 
  inb4 the fn voters telling us how it 's not xenophobic and how the fn totally is n't busy blamming foreigners while marine 's busy doing giant tax fraud and her father caught stockpiling stolen gold bars by the dozens for millions of euros in his castle basement, 
   so ... will the icty ever indict anyone for organ harvesting ? 
  if you have/find any proof of such doings incriminating certain persons then by all mean send them to justice . 
  if it 's your cause in life start documenting shit , find a journo and get it in the medias or something . 
  otherwise , just going all dark side edgy `` i 'll kill everyone ! '', 
  without thinking is n't really going to help anything . 
  at best that would turn you in another shooter/street violence newspaper cover . 
  there are better things to do in life than perma jail/death, 
  should n't that guy be in jail ? 
  like for 10 years . 
  ridiculous . 
  sod off with your bloodlust . 
  violence for the sake of gratuitous violence solves * nothing * . 
  and restarting a war would only kill more people , making it worse . 
  going by that logic , is n't the less worst endgame the less casualties possible ? 
  you have a lot of hate in you . 
  currently the area is at peace . 
  i will take no part in this blame game , sorry . 
  you are only trying to toss gasoline on the remaining embers . 
  that 's why i 'm saying the hate will last as long as the people in power are the ones that remember it . 
  but once new people that did n't lived all those in-house massacres will enter politics , it might change . 
  perfectly normal , better to know who is doing what before acting . 
  i wish them best of luck with that inquiry yes , 
  i disagree . 
  in a couple generation they could forget about this . 
  i think there is hope for them . 
  just not now with all the lingering tensions between political parties in power . 
  when the political class will change , stuff might too . 
  but when the current kids will step up in 30 years , there might be more progress . 
  maybe comparing modern-day european chocolat makers with litterally isis is going a bit in the hyperbole ... 
  i 'll buy german chocolate and drinks and japanese games no issue despite knowing that some crossed the line in wwii . 
  hopefully , things changed a bit in the balkans since too . 
   and that the polish minister of justice appeared to be at the heart of a fraud perpetrated against the european parliament ( ep ) . 
  wow nice find  she began asking questions after having been named as a meld board member without her knowledge . 
   when messerschmidt refused to grant her access to meld 's accounts , she resigned from the party in protest in the first scene of what became a political drama in denmark . 
  wat  in denmark , meld had instead used hundreds of thousands of euros obtained from the ep to work on the campaign of the right-wing populist danish people 's party . 
  more fraud ...  the information concerned solidarna polska - a minor , right-wing party that is currently in a coalition with the ruling law and justice ( pis ) party . 
  ditto  in poland , three days after our publication , ziobro held a press conference in which he said : `` me and my deputies , both in the ministry of justice as well as the prosecutor 's office , are guided by the principle : the state has to protect the honest and be ruthless against those who break the law . '' when we asked him about the meld affair , he declined to answer . 
  he blushed a bit , then smiled for a while , before abruptly leaving the press conference . 
  :| here 's a suggestion : maybe a few political immunities should be revocated , accounts seized and people tried for all that fraud ... the biggest issue is the impunity climate that just encourage them to openly help themselves with government money . 
   why are all protests so violent all the time ? 
  angry people left out so they do n't consider themselves part of the system . 
  the economic crisis left plenty homeless , jobless , penyless , and they want to fight back . 
  physically for the lack of any other options . 
   `` professional rioters '' is their job title . 
  what 's the paycheck like ? 
  who hires ? 
  more good news :  \\ #endthetaxfraud, 
  yess ! . 
  til we have statistics about everything haha, 
  [ ^ ( not true he does n't look half as sad as usual !,
