   a new structure for the eu itself that much is true but i ca n't help but feel that the uk will just opt-out anything they vaguely do n't like like contributions to the eu budget . 
   with particular protections for the city of london . 
  here comes the corporate/finance world that want to avoid for example eu consumers protection laws & plan to `` lobby '' the uk conservative mps with tons of money to use it as an eu law haven ( like a tax haven in the eu but they do n't have to follow eu laws ) : / . 
   `` france and germany both want what they call ` the british problem ' to be settled well before they have elections . 
  as for france i 'd feel it 's less an election problem and more frequently not knowing whether the uk are in or out of the eu deal . 
  so the administration will welcome clarifications/uk decisions being settled and written down on paper for the time being . 
   no part of the ttip is about deregulation . 
  no , the us are a deregularization next to our own consumer protection law . 
  and the ttip wants us to `` re align '' with the us law ( by basically removing ours ) . 
  for example , we had banned a number of pesticid for being too toxic ( potentially toxic for the end consumer that will eat the fruit or for the environnement ) . 
  using ttip as an excuse us corporations tried to force us to remove pesticide related protection laws : http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/may/22/eu-dropped-pesticide-laws-due-to-us-pressure-over-ttip-documents-reveal unless you are saying that the guardian lied ? 
   the whole point is to save money and reduce trade barriers between two enormous blocs of people with largely the same values and interests . 
  that part is good , i agree . 
  however , if it was that simple it we would n't be offered thousands of pages of lawyery language with small fine prints hidden in it everywhere , sorry . 
   it 's pure demagogic hyperbole that has taken hold on the far right and far left in pushing all these competing narratives about the ttip being some sort of new world order . 
  no , it 's not a new world order . 
  but as martin shkreli or mosanto proved it times and times again , high level us corporate executive would rather let thousands die a slow agonizing death than pass a few more bucks in their own pockets . 
  so we need legal protection against that kind of shit . 
   it 's not all legalese . 
  ( ... ) just look at this , '' \u00a9 european union , 2015 reproduction is authorised provided the source is acknowledged '' are you trying to sell me our own paperworks ? 
  nice try . 
  that would be part of the `` dumbed down '' translation mandated by eu personnal for european people like you and me who do n't speak english legalese . 
   you can find publications that are as detailed ( or as abstract ) as you wish . 
  you know , when people try to make us sign papers thousands of pages long in a language we ca n't really understand it 's hard to shake entirely that feeling they 're trying to pull a fast one at some level . 
  the ttip is legitimate in itself , but a lot of people are definitely trying to push in scam-like clauses to make more money at any and all prices . 
  that 's what people are afraid of , and i 'm sorry it 's quite legitimate . 
   it 's completely unreasonable , because their fears are based on rumor , gossip , and their own ignorant preconceptions of what they think is going to happen well ; when people point what deregulation did for example to the us healthcare system then say they are afraid of the us trying to do the same here and on various subjects , i think it 's not * entirely * baseless . 
  like they wanted us to modify our patent system some time ago . 
  us patents trolls bullshit or martin shkreli anyone ? 
   they just regurgitate their own unfounded fears as if they 're the truth . 
  dismissing people as idiots because they do not fully understand thousands of page of legalese by professionnal rule lawyers in another language is maybe just a bit condescending on your part . 
   germans are insistent upon making ruinous economic decisions , lately . 
  erh . 
  i 'm probably one of the first to yell on the greek story , but there it 's probably gratuitous on your part . 
   `` what bothers me the most is that i do n't want all our consumer laws to be softened , '' oliver zloty told reuters tv . 
  `` and i do n't want to have a dictatorship by any companies . '', 
  so basically they 're afraid us corporations will force the eu to weaken and lower safety standards & laws under the excuse that it ~ ~ limits us corporate profit cashflow ~ ~ `` causes corporations to be uncompetitive '' . 
  it 's a quite reasonable motive to complain . 
  looks like hardliners did n't want want any cease fire and try throwing a wrench : / condoleances edit : from info appearing , it appears most of the victims are incidentally nearly all hdp or leftists . 
  ie political dissidents . 
  and apparently the whole thing was timed to blow up when selahattin demirta\u015f ( the hdp leader ) was passing by . 
  somebody wanted to kill kurdish friendly supporters & dissident politicians , that much is obvious . 
  people might blame the gov too quickly tho , it could be right wing turkish ultranationalists . 
  we know they played with explosives in bangkok ( ... & europe ) recently too . 
  i hate to say it . 
  but it seems he 's right . 
  seems like a good compromise, 
   the group also suggests that alcohol should not be served at corporate events in case it upsets members of certain faiths . 
  what ? 
  hahahah lol no . 
  the politically correct police needs to stop here , really . 
  btw , let 's not ignore due process in the name of `` going faster than silly things like laws '' thank you . 
  it 's a lot faster than people can think in that kind of case . 
  we can easily track who cross the russian border , and the `` refugees '' that speak russian enough can be sent back immediately already . 
  edit btw , let 's not ignore due process in the name of `` going faster than silly things like laws '' thank you . 
   police in northern norway have confirmed that many of the syrian refugees streaming over the norwegian-russian border hold legal residence permission in russia and have lived there for several years . 
  before anyone cries foul , they 're talking about people living in russia for years and that are already integrated somewhere and just doing benefit shopping on top of it . 
  no reasons to accept it . 
   and migrants are just people who generally enter state on legitimate visas for purposes of living and working . 
  legitimate or not . 
  hence the famously known illegal immigration . 
  people crossing the mediterranean in boats generally do n't have any visas ( or they 'd have simply took the plane ) . 
  well . 
  to answer the title , here 's how i 'd understand it : - an asylum seeker is somebody fleeing war & persecution or similar , and asking for official refugee statut & help in a foreign country . 
  - a refugee is somebody fleeing generally war & persecution . 
  not all refugees are asylum seekers ; some ( lots ) are illegals . 
  - immigrants are people generally not fleeing war or persecution , but looking for better economic conditions for themselves , generally fleeing a very poor country . 
  currently that category should be turned back to help curtain the flow of people coming in europe . 
  basically muslims applying modern western ways to the practice of islam in europe . 
  good !, 
  ... refusing ... free money . 
  okay , that 's a new one . 
  ... please arrest & deport that mental case ? 
  or at least close him in a psychiatric unit ffs . 
  that 's very generous of them , 
  that has nothing to do with it , and is certainly not a justification to attack other people . 
  well , seeing how we are facing a numbers crisis ; good implementation . 
  germany 's doing it right again !, 
   later that day the two groups of albanian and pakistani guys continue to fight each other for hours . 
  looks like 1 \u00b0 ) they do n't come from warzone 2 \u00b0 ) are an issue to social peace . 
  i 'd almost suggest putting a `` 3 strikes '' policy : when caught 3 times doing stupid infractions like this within a few month of coming in , systematic deportation . 
   no one was arrested , well , that is a problem, 
   on the other hand , we get really good highways in france . 
  built on state money and state work , not by companies . 
  the companies came later and decided it was their 's by bribing the gov into giving them away and started immediately collect tolls to use the highway ( then asked the gov to pay to maintain them itself , just to complete the scam ) . 
  there have been admittedly `` reajustments '' and modifications on the agreement lately . 
  well ; it 's germany 's problem ; but selling infra for a penny looks like a bad solution lately . 
  then they constantly clamor for subsidies and constantly try to rise up the road crossing toll, 
  refusing repeatedly to identify yourself on religious grounds while handling administrative ( ie legal ) paperwork despite being prompted by the cops then likely insulting them likely resulted in that sentance that said 30 000 is probably a bit high ( unless she 's rich , i vaguely suspect they might probably shave a 0 from it if she appeals ) maybe she tried to be a `` victim '' and the judge tossed the book at her ? 
  haha but crass joke apart , i do n't think i 'd love to spend much time in an airplane bathroom sorry xd, 
  stolen in russia . 
  it 's a catch 22 for occidentals really . 
  not much we can do right now because interventionism in an hostile russia would be ingerence, 
   dugin is a pro-kremlin marionette you really think rasputin is a puppet ? 
   everything revolves around money , money , money . 
  last i heard we were paying them russians for the gaz , not the other way around . 
  for europe , it 's all about the ressources , but it 's simpler for us to just drop printed cash on the table, 
  well we have an average 2 % deficit too ... soo ( note2self : france will need to look how to reduce a bit more it 's own deficit admittedly , [ even if admittedly it 's not half as bad as 2010 even by official numbers ; and probably 2.4 in reality ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/france/government-budget ) ; but pushing below 1.8 would probably be nice if we could figure out how without crippling austerity or slashing wages which would make it spiral worse ), 
  no chance whatsoever since it 's based on nothing , no real scandal/accident/issue . 
  that 's just base politics so wait for your turn in the elections next year ( in april/may we 'll vote in a new president too , and hollande is unlikely to be re elected ),
