  we will . 
  i suspect it 's probably why the gov wanted to start in paris alone ( where the situation is already disastrous ) to see the effects before extending . 
   you could ask yourself why would anyone start to rent those apartments right now , because the gov will say so . 
   after enforcing price caps will further destroy the feasibility of such a deal . 
  lol ; unless the rent is caped at 10 $ ( which is not the case here ) ; landlords will still make several hundreds to thousands a month on flat rents . 
  do you deny this ? 
   you 're not the first person who believes he should be entitled to abuse everyone around you right . 
  here comes back the `` taxes and rent caps are abuse '' . 
   just to cater to your own personal whims . 
  actually if some people in my family where to have property they 'd loose a ton of money on that one but ... yeah the world is bigger than just my own arse . 
   if , instead , you 'd actually spent your entire life savings on a flat in paris , then sell it and invest into something less regulated if you are unhappy . 
  flats are n't just to serve your life savings , sorry . 
  that some people make some money from it as a byproduct is one thing , but homes exists to house people . 
  not serves you as an atm . 
   would actually be a clear demonstration of how corrupt and despotic your state would be . 
  right . 
  feel free to take a plane ticket to the us or russia if you are that unhappy . 
  i 'm sure they could teach us a thing or two on anti corruption . 
  : \u00b0 / s  it 's a good idea to serve their own personal interests well , if my personnal interest is to have millions of french homeless people housed by forcing people to rent or sale their empty flat buildings so that people can live in it ; and that our capital runs instead of having getthos ; then i shall sure keep pressuring that way . 
   even if it requires going to the most extreme , unjust , and inhumane extents . 
  \\  taxes and rent cap \\  `` the most extreme , unjust , and inhumane extents . '', 
  right , literally hitler . 
  say , you ever where actually homeless ? 
  those people you push out of having any homes because prices are sky high , you know how dishumanised they feel reduced as bums ? 
  because some people like you decided they could put all the rents in paris as 10k or even not rent at all just to have more cash savings a few years down the line ? 
   if there 's a housing shortage and the `` guberment '' instead of working to increase the supply ends up strangling it even further , maybe it 's time to think about how the `` guberment '' can do to fix the problem . 
  oh but that 's exactly what paris ' doing ; only obviously you do n't agree . 
  maybe because you 'll be able to claim less money on flats you rent i suspect ? 
    so , maybe the `` gubermnet '' is playing a role in this mess , do n't you agree ? 
  no it does not . 
  the `` free market '' already horribly failed there before the gov started taking action right now . 
  millions are homeless and millions of flats empty . 
  that 's a problem waiting to be force sold by the gov , even if obviously those owning all the property in the country wo n't agree because they love having all the money and land ; even if that mean tons of people homeless and a large part of the country in poverty because the rent wipe 2/3 of their income . 
   rent controls deliver affordable housing to one class of people at the expense of others . 
  at the expense of landlords rich enough to buy property just to sell it ? 
  yeah , i do n't see the problem . 
  it 's called redistribution , and it 's how we french ran the country since the revolution . 
    the simple fact is that more people want to live in paris than the housing stock can support it can support twice as much as current level . 
  simply some people are bastards and will do everything in their power to make more money even if it kills the country ; they do n't give a shit . 
  and we ca n't allow that . 
   this creates upwards pressure on the prices of housing not if it 's fixed by law , again . 
   but rather about keeping them out . 
  plain & old bs . 
   i do n't not understand why the national government would make it more difficult for french people to move to their own capital city adding emotionnal stuff to manipulate on top of lies , sweet . 
   but the national government should serve the nation as a whole . 
  yeah , and that means allowing people to pay a rent they can pay without ending in extreme poverty ; by law ; even if landlords want litterally 15x as much to line up their wannabe oligarchic pockets . 
   no one is forced to rent out his property . 
  i believe that should change . 
  should somebody owe more than 2 empty housing property in france itself ( ie main home + 2 additionnal ) he should be forced to rent or sell the rest beyond that ( the 4th and more ) ; preventing some to accumulate immensse empty holdings . 
   if there are not enough apartments on the market to meet the demand then obviously there 's an acute shortage . 
  that 's the same `` free market '' reasonement with jobs that gave us the current economic crisis . 
  so , niet . 
  does n't work that way . 
  funny because in dassault 's and bettencourt case there are trials ongoing on that very subject ( corruption , stolen money , tax cases , etc ) . 
  and the rest is still there despite paying high taxes . 
   the market price is what people are willing to pay no it 's not the case here . 
  and that 's why nobody can and will pay and why paris is emptying . 
  and having your capital empty and homeless people everywhere is quite the problem do n't you agree ? 
   no one is forced to pay `` no one is forcing them to sign that 200 $ / mo work contract . 
  minimal wage is fascism upon the employer ! '' . 
  well . 
  how to put it . 
   can they not move ? 
  `` they can just find another job '' . 
  most people simply ca n't , because they live from paycheck to paycheck and have to stay next to their employer to keep earning that one . 
   destroy their home ? 
  ** yes . 
  even if you are the landlord , when somebody rent a flat it 's legally their home in france , and until further notice ( e.g : eviction notice falling within legal bounds ) . 
  ** by destroying that flat some would say you would find yourself on the wrong end of castle doctrine . 
   if so , why are they entitled but not someone from lyon who wants to move to paris ? 
  actually there are way enough flat existing for both and them some more . 
  that some assholes speculators refuse to let anyone move in is another problem . 
   why do you favour the person who is already there , no , we have to favor both , you are right . 
  and force the landlord to either rent additionnal space he 's not using ( at still controled price ) or find a market where speculating do n't play with the livehood of millions of our own citizens . 
  and if you do n't agree  metro , airport terminal , plane ticket . 
   why are some people entitled to ridiculously cheap rent forever some ? 
  everyone should have a right to an affordable home where they do n't spend their entire life in crippling debt just not to be homeless . 
   while others not so privileged watch in despair ? 
  no it 's true we have to fix both ; but that does n't mean we have to remove rent control either . 
   rent controls benefit people in proportion to how long they have been there . 
  not necessarily . 
  if you still feel otherwise , please document your point with links & data . 
   an authoritarian government can only force everyone to follow the government 's arbitrary rules , thus restricting the options that are available to them . 
  oh kindly please f ** k off . 
  taxes and rent caps are not `` authoritarian '' . 
  if you call that fascism , then you have no damn idea what real fascism 's like . 
   yet , people still get to keep their own brains , and still get to decide what 's best for them . 
  no they ca n't `` decide '' to stop believe in paying taxes or following housing laws . 
   and decide if it is in their best interests to actually offer rent property at a price far below the market value . 
  then , they can decide to follow the law , or leave . 
  which ever suits them the best . 
  sure . 
   if it is n't in their best interests then they simply wo n't rent it . 
  end of story . 
  until it becomes mandatory for them to rent or sell flats when they have more than 2 empty housing properties sitting around . 
   they simply wo n't invest their money on real estate real estate already exists in paris . 
  everywhere . 
  and we 'll have to make sure somebody actually end up living in it ; because that 's what houses exist for . 
  not to make landlord billionaires . 
   thus , the supply wo n't increase , and everyone will remain screwed .
