  that happen everywhere . 
  i just hope they wo n't ignore & let the problem rot ( which is something however that sadly can and do happen in a lot of countries which generally end down the wrong path ), 
   yeah . 
  you think these terrorists give a shit about normal preachers ? 
  no , but pre-radicals that the recruiters target in banlieux ( think lesser molenbeeks but in the 10 biggest towns ) absolutely do . 
  religion is their current refuge ( or at least the one of part of them ) , so if we keep an eye on it we are in a better position and it does n't really costs us anything to do it . 
   i wonder how long it will take them to realize that foreign powers financing extreme ideologies on france 's territory is an open act of hostility . 
  we know . 
  but basically the gulf are funding us ( at europe scale ) hundreds of billions over a few couple years . 
  it 's hard to take away that much out of the economy brutally . 
  causing social collapse in our own country would n't exactly help stop the spread of violence . 
  so we cash in as much as we can as a country and take our time to figure out and arrest all known extremists in the mean time and all sorts of damage control . 
   there have been many different programs of deradicalization , but one example is to confront the people to families of terrorism victims , to ex-radicals , to moderate imams , etc. 
  honest question , what are the success rates ? 
  if that works , we 'd need something like that too, 
   nah , separate the nutters from the gen pop , not all muslims . 
  this . 
  people convicted on religious extremism & fundamentalism should probably be separated, 
   ( how the hell is hollande supposed to be the ultimate authority of islamic truth ? ), 
  not holland himself , but the [ conseil du culte musulman ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/conseil_fran%c3%a7ais_du_culte_musulman ) ( muslim council ) has good ties and appear generally reasonable ? 
   that is very important . 
  what needs to happen is that france ( and other european countries ) needs to produce more imams in france that are educated in french universities and teach a curriculum compatible with the law and national values . 
  it 's not an exclusive thing . 
  you can close down recurring hate preaching grounds and push them in less extreme mosques , and train the next generation of imam that will replace the extremists a few years later . 
   i 'd prefer the austrian model of completely cutting off foreign funding and funding religious education publicly . 
  that definitely bears studying too  repressive measures alone like closing mosques will not solve the problem , there needs to be an alternative . 
  and you ( we ) ca n't let daesh recruit openly in your ( our ) poor neighborhoods either . 
  because that 's what they do , and why we are closing down some places . 
   so basically greece has too few clerks to help and has to hire , but is banned from doing so by the agreement . 
  pretty much . 
  they 're screwed no matter what they do : /, 
   you do n't get a suspended sentence if the prosecutors are not sure . 
  you never met riot police obviously . 
  okay , i take it back in that case , my apologies, 
   so you 're saying the us ordered turkey to shoot down the plane , no that was likely erdogan who forgot a standing order somewhere to shoot planes  and invited montenegro to nato -- with psychic precognition , as the process began at least eight years ago okay can you tell me the agenda was n't accelerated because of usefull circumstances and the opportunity ? 
  come on . 
  pushing the nato agenda just at the same time after turkey shot the plane ? 
  at the very least it 's coincidental bad timing . 
  yeah i agree that one 's not really ok :\\ i hope the fine is suppressed . 
  it looks like the justice is trying to make an example of her using more or less bullshit charges ... edit :  prosecutors had called for harsher sentences for the pair . 
  they suggested a five-month suspended sentence for the woman instead of the fine ? 
  that 'd make more sense , especially if they suspected her of being a rioter but are n't sure like they argue . 
   what happens if they refuse ? 
  well nothing , they do n't join  can they refuse ? 
  they are a sovereign nation , so yes , they can certainly refuse . 
  edit : edit :  okay can you tell me the agenda was n't accelerated because of usefull circumstances and the opportunity ? 
   the pm of montenegro expressed his expectation/desire to be officially invited over a year and a half ago , so the invitation is anything but accelerated . 
  it 's late . 
   okay , i take it back in that case , my apologies, 
   was there a referendum on this subject ? 
  good point , i agree there . 
  it should be up to montenegrans to decide ( and not just leaders or foreign powers from either sides ) . 
  the good thing is they still have time to decide themselves , the country is far from having already joigned . 
   as this was being explained to me , my ukrainian friend received a call , demanding a $ 600 bribe to complete a form , allowing a builder to complete repairs in his flat . 
  if it 's a gov official that asked for it : http://www.nabu.gov.ua/en/contact-us ? 
   reddit reaches a new low in idiocy . 
  lying and denying corruption like you do wo n't make it go away . 
  discounting the fact you obviously did n't even read the article or anything on those dsid , since it 's flately stated the `` arbitration '' is made up from corporate personnal who can simply award themselves billions , do n't have to recognize the constitution ( '' * to which the claimant 's lawyer replied that this well-established separation of powers was not recognised by isds tribunals * '' ) , and the state can not sue back . 
  so i will say it again : that 's something mobsters do . 
  kangaroo courts to wire themselves billions . 
  not `` arbitration '' or legal justice . 
  they 're not `` lawyers '' , because lawyers feel obligated to follow laws . 
  they 're gangsters interested in looting our governments & awarding themselves a few hundred millions on a yearly basis . 
  ( and i have no doubt there is no valid context in which romania should hand over 250 ' 000 ' 000 $ to a foreign corporation for following new eu regulations ) . 
  edit : and talking about micula and the 250m they shaked down from by far one of the poorest eu countries , looks like they 'll pay the asshole taxes for 250m in illegal state aid : http://www.globalinvestmentprotection.com/index.php/micula-vs-brussels-dracula/  nonetheless , if the cjeu were requested to rule on this issue , it can be expected that the cjeu will argue against any legitimate expectations of micula , so the state aid must be repaid . 
  in that case , romania will adopt an administrative decision requesting micula to pay back the state aid . 
  if micula fails to pay back , romania could confiscate any assets of micula within or even outside romania . 
  for example , romania could request swedish authorities to assist in the confiscation of assets o micula in sweden . 
  by virtue of eu law , swedish authorities would be obliged to do their utmost to help romania fulfill its eu law obligations . 
   moreover , in case micula ends up in financial difficulties due to the repayment of the award , the cjeu has repeatedly confirmed that the mere fact that the beneficiary of unlawful state aid is in financial difficulty does not impact on his repayment obligation . 
  however , there can be situations where the assets of the beneficiary are not sufficient to meet all outstanding claims . 
  in such cases , the cjeu has stated that the liquidation of the beneficiary can be regarded as an acceptable alternative to recovery . 
  edit :  finally , immediately after obtaining an icsid award , foreign investors should be prepared to move their assets outside the eu in order to avoid confiscation and liquidation of the assets by a member state . 
  and , yes , if you want to live in europe or do business here , do n't try to be a corrupt oligarch leeching hundreds of millions from euro countries . 
  edit : and just to be clear , here 's how i see it : micula bribed their way in romania in `` corporate subsidies '' ( the romanian state gives them cartloads of money and they give a multi million euro kickback to the politicians in exchange ) . 
  they got caught , those subsidies abolished . 
  for that they used a phony `` arbitration '' by some of their own buddies to steal another quarter billion from the country . 
  fuck them , we do n't need that . 
  if the company has to be dissolved and money seized by the police , so be it ( do you know how many million romanians those amounts can feed ? ), 
   romania made a deal with sweden then reneged on it , the hell they did n't . 
  they conformed to eu economic policies , which was mandatory if they wanted to keep receiving large amounts of subsidies which represent like half their gdp . 
  eu politics are certainly not a valid reasons for corporations to be allowed to steal hundreds of millions because they felt like it . 
   so they were punished under the arbitration system they signed up to . 
  arbitration is n't `` the ceo of random megacorps are appointed victim , accusation , prosecutor , judge jury executionner and party to receive the endless money they awarded themselves '' . 
  this is something i 'd expect out of the 90 's russian mobsters or the sicilian mafia . 
  not from a 2010 ' + s western state . 
   i think that if the canadian people want that issue resolved and they want cheap us dairy to enter their markets , they , the citizens themselves should make their government act in that matter . 
  if that does n't happen it is no business of a foreign company to force canada to open up its markets . 
  if the corporation wants to sell dairy to canadians , instead of threatening the canadian govt . 
  with legal action , or bribing politicians , the company should turn to the canadian people directly , launch a campaign to convince the canadian electorate that they want to buy that company 's products and that they need to force their government to allow it . 
  so in the end , it should be the choice of the canadian citizens . 
  this is a matter of national sovereignty . 
  this . 
  i could n't put it any better . 
   its short sighted and terrible over the long term . 
  that 's blatantly obvious . 
  but , it 's not for the us to decide other allied countries ' economic policies by force . 
   look at canada , their dairy industry is so protected that dairy products cost literally 3x as much as their us counterparts . 
  and they have free healthcare , so i 'd say their system probably work a bit better and they might as well pay cheese a bit more due to tax and prices imbalances if that 's the only thing it 'll cost them . 
   that 's an unbalanced economic situation that should never arise in a capitalistic society .
