  you 'd leave it to a larger company that is bidding on multiple contracts . . well in my head at least ( i could be wrong tho ? ), 
  i was thinking it was something on a yearly basis for example or some period like this ; which means while the * first * small contract would n't be necessarily beneficiary , if you get a second or third it becomes a net gain . 
  then it could also open potentially open the door to other things than just immediate gov contracts i dunno . 
  it 's true there is still a lot of things to figure out tho . 
   independent auditor , after all that would mean your accounts are accurate and someone other than you verifies them . 
  that can be expensive , far beyond the costs that you need to just run a small business . 
  edit : i believe the state might have to step in , recruit people and push their own auditors on their own payroll tho . 
  like irs tax controls being run by the state on state costs ( the company only paying if they are frauding ofc ) . 
   yes . . but as the article says , this would involve more information and go beyond simply paying tax . 
  sorry to be that rude , but filling paperwork ( or paying an accountant/human ressources services to do it ... ) is part of the cost of running a business . 
  if you ca n't do it or ca n't even get hired accountants to do it , you should not be running a business yourself . 
   but if it does come with costs ( which happens a lot when you look at these kinds of regulations . . ) it can harm smaller firms . 
  well ; it 's the usual excuse when corporations want an excuse not to do something : `` it 's going to costs us money and the country will bankrupt '' . 
  i found it that it was rarely rooted in reality . 
   not really , my last ` public sector contract ' was a one off and was worth a little over # 6,700 . 
  the tendering process was nifty , margin was pretty low , but it certainly did n't guarantee follow up contracts ... and you want me to believe the company 's net profit for the entire month was only # 500 ? 
   no , but there could well be costs involved well yeah paying your taxes and not frauding do involve a cost . 
  if you mean to get the label proper on top of it , nothing said anything about asking for more money . 
  please do n't already see things that are n't there . 
   it might not be worth it for the # 500 you might make on a # 5000 contract ... 
  ignoring the other 10 similar contracts alongside are you ? 
  small businesses rarely make only # 5000 a month gross income . 
   what if it means smaller firms find it much harder to get access to government contracts ? 
  there is nothing preventing small firms to play by the rules too to also get the `` does not fraud '' label . 
   and how about jailing people for corruption or collusion and awarding contracts ( rather than stickers . . ) to firms that provide good value . . 
  in the worst cases , yes . 
  but generally for most , it 's easier to seize their entire bank accounts/every single high value assets and let them go . 
  and if they get rich again then oh well it 's christmas again for the state budget, 
  without ending up everything the austerity brought in , we could sure reverse a lot and use the recovered fraud money to finance it ; and force corporations to pay their due to society and not just run away in the tropics with the cash register like they so much love to do . 
   but that argument is now a hollow one as in september 2014 the organisation for economic co-operation and development decided that all multinationals should report to their tax authorities on that basis . 
    the eu parliament is saying that it 's time that the public had access to this information . 
  fully agreed . 
   other demands the parliament is making are almost as important , including its call for the creation of a europe-wide `` fair tax payer label '' . 
  governments across europe , including those based in london and edinburgh , want to assess tax behaviour as part of the decision-making process when determining which companies to buy services from . 
  this is actually an excellent idea . 
  giving a bonus label to those who play by the rules and do n't try to skim out so much . 
   there is one other measure that stands out in the long list of demands : the call to the commission to prepare an official estimate of the amount lost to tax evasion and avoidance in each european member state . 
  it is true i do want to hear from the comission what is officially their number on the missing money . 
  the honest reality from their own mouth . 
  because if it 's from 860 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 to 1 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 $ annually [ like the poster implied ] ( http://www.taxresearch.org.uk/documents/eusocialists.pdf ) ; then it could easily fix us quite a number of issues including all the bankrupt countries , bankrupt welfare , bankrupt healthcare , huge external debts , all the state deficits , and still leave us something to come by * at the end of the first few years alone * . 
   this should be one of the highest priorities for governments throughout the eu . 
  agreed . 
  so dear eu governments , forget the oil rush of the last century , it 's not what will make us rich anymore , make the oligarchs pay all the yearly hundreds of billions of taxes they fraud / `` evade '' ( fraud . ), 
  every single year . 
  btw , from the pdf  more than 28 % of estonia 's government spending is lost to tax evasion each year hi , eesti  . 
  i 'm sure there 's some progress to make there . 
   i am asking if you checked the evidence . 
  no i do n't feel like watching the videos myself , but you understand they video taped themselves beheading people , not just once but * twice * ? 
  then they confessed to it themselves and the swedish justice is constantly getting blasted for being `` too lenient '' so i do n't think they beat it out of them . 
   otherwise , you 'd cheer on a show trial too . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  or where the nuremberg trials `` just a show '' for you ? 
  daesh is basically death cult meets extremism meets baathist nazis . 
   yeah , that is presumptuous , but as i said , i disdain the sentiment-posts . 
  this is n't presumptuous or sentiment , it 's watching some of the sadistic torturer we have been chasing for like 4 years finally getting put behind bars for a long time . 
  i 'm not sure i understand what you are trying to say . 
   they were pretty pissed about ukrainian and moldovan eu association agreements . 
  russia 's ambassador farit mukhametshin did n't mince his words when it came to underlining moldova 's dependency on russia . 
  just because you listen to your neighbors does n't mean you have to give them your wallet when they ask for it . 
  no , we 're not giving up on serbia 's membership since serbia itself seems interested , sorry . 
  and no , despite russian fiction , the existence of neighbors to russia is n't a threat to russia . 
  the european union exist , will keep existing , and controling the whole of the european peninsula at term ( our end game ) , and this is n't negociable . 
  and , if it comes to that , we can defend ourselves against the next russian t90 wave if they try to invade again too . 
  look it 's not false that the usa use nato to annoy russia . 
  but the eu 's a different topic and a local project , so no we do n't have to take comments on the eu sorry . 
   on my part i would urge the eu to be careful before admitting another potential russian trojan horse inside the eu . 
  the eu project has for stated end goal to include the entire european continent . 
  there is no case where we would stand down and refuse a willing member just because it would annoy our current neighbor that do n't want anything to do with us right now , sorry . 
   the trojan horse of russia called `` greece '' has caused problems enough . 
  oh fuck off already with greece . 
  i do n't have to take the fantasy of german propaganda either . 
  propaganda that just want to line up their pocket with kickbacks by some corrupt german politicians who themselves take kickbacks from creditors and german big industries ( siemens , rheinmetal , ... ) in exchange for bribing new democracy and pasok politicians to sign in corrupt defense contract they ca n't afford to pay anyway . 
  contract debt which is then used as an excuse by germany to loot the country even more and steal all the money used for pensions and utilities in normal countries . 
  rotten cynical corrupt bastards the whole lot . 
  one of the biggest high level quasi mafia that infiltrated eu politics . 
   '' * and i have no bias * ''  '' * yes , kids can be brainwashed by russian propaganda easily as you have shown . 
  * ''  '' * it is your temper tantrum of putin being drug dealer . 
  * ''  '' * about your beloved putin being a drug dealer . 
  * ''  '' * lenin was n't that bad . 
  by russian standards a nice guy . 
  * '' and of course one of your more mythical sentances :  '' * rape is what russia does . 
  rape , theft and murder . 
  it is what you support when you support russian policy * '' right . 
  no bias . 
  i 'm not annoyed by your username , i 'm merely pointing out your putin 's - russia-will-end-today makewishing bias . 
  says an account named `` russian spring '' ? 
  any more subtle and you 'd have a khodorkovsky flar . 
  one of the things you could potentially do would be to start anti corruption activism , an association or something . 
  organize with other people around you if you really feel strongly on the subject . 
  voluntarism & citizen help against corruption , documenting big thefts , studying published budgets , etc , really did made a difference in ukraine & romania . 
  we 're not listening to russia for european union membership of other countries . 
  they ca n't even claim it 's a `` threat against russia '' unlike the military membership to nato . 
  here it 's neither the americans , neither a military bloc , and neither against russia . 
  for all they know we might as well be their de facto buffer against the evil us/uk 's influence on this side !, 
  a measure of justice . 
  glad to hear they got sentenced, 
  no issue , here 's a plane ticket  the country did not turn out to be quite what human traffickers promised on the coast of the mediterranean sea . 
  he is especially fed up with inactivity and local food after spending four months at the reception centre . 
  okay if that 's the worse they face along with the weather , i 'm not too worried haha . 
  they 're homesick .
