  polish collaboration was similar to other countries . 
  in france we call it `` les heures sombres de l'histoire francaise '' . 
  the darkest hours of french history . 
  in poland right now it 's block denied by everyone , you get called a liar , and officials say you could look at a jail sentance if you persist cf the title article . 
   in opposite to the polish `` sub humans '' . 
  they did the same in every country . 
  wake up . 
  the gestapo did horrors in france too . 
  edit : just checked , estimation varies but apparently at least somewhere between 400 ' 000 and 700 ' 000 frenchs died of the nazi occupation of france alone . 
  possibly more . 
  and that 's discounting the war proper . 
  [ it became so bad we enticed women to have kids and got the `` baby boom '' generation . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/post%e2%80%93world_war_ii_baby_boom ) edit : damn , got curious about polish history and kept reading , apparently poland took more casualties in prorata of the pop tho : 16-20 % of the country dead by war 's end . 
  apparently the nazis managed to run 3m polish jew in death camps before loosing control of the country , which participate in the higher death toll . 
   the worst thing poland did was not collaborating with germany it 's funny , but every time you interview a wwii survivor from nazi occupation or side , listening to them they were always busy far from the front line , far from the ss , far from any nazi , never collaborated on anything and were always forced and `` just following draft orders '' and always subhuman drafted victims of the nazis . 
  difference is , poles were n't germans so were n't pushed to the rope in nuremberg-like trials since they where politically considered still part of the allies . 
  so history got whitewashed big time by the soviets while the usa initially looked the other way . 
  i would follow you on most of your post but :  there were no officials collaborating since germans executed all of them , including teachers , scientists , doctors , sportsmen , politicians , journalists and every active public figure . 
  the fact is you are taking propaganda a bit far the exact other side too , in my humble opinion . 
   the vast majority of the pre-war citizenry collaborating with the nazis was the german minority in poland which was offered one of several possible grades of german citizenship . 
  [ 74 ] in 1939 , before the german invasion of poland , 800,000 people declared themselves as members of the german minority in poland mostly in pomerania and western silesia . 
  during the war there were about 3 million former polish citizens of german origin who signed the official list of volksdeutsche . 
  [ 71 ] people who became volksdeutsche were treated by poles with special contempt , and the fact of them having signed the volksliste constituted high treason according to the polish underground law . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/collaboration_with_the_axis_powers_during_world_war_ii#poland a country is something big . 
  saying it never could have happened is quite the statement ; especially with 800k of them registered as `` germans in poland '' . 
  please do n't take it the wrong way , but admitting past ... errors ... is a big part of going forward . 
  and it 's exactly what those polish officials still ca n't do . 
   poles were subhumans used as a slave labour , according to history books , in camps the worst of the camp handlers where prisonners themselves , rewarded for hitting their own with a bit higher place in the hierarchy so ...  it would be much better to educate people about the german death camps and all the crimes they 've commited . 
  while the nazis certainly started the whole thing , pretending there was never any collaboration is just as false as saying that hitler did nothing wrong ( ( c ) 4chan ), 
  well . 
  i 'm not sure whether you are sarcasming or not and ~ ~ history books have been falsified so many times by guilty parties with skeletons in the closet to hide ~ ~ since versions have changed multiple times , i 'm not entirely sure what 's the actual truth and what actually happened there . 
  so i 'd point out i got taught in school that there were camps in poland , started by german nazis . 
  it 's likely there were collaborators from poland like vichy officials collaborated in france . 
  and i 'm not sure ( at all ) putting people in prison ( for stating they believe different thing ) would be a good solution . 
  i 'm implying it 's like if we had former vichy officials in charge and they 'd be more busy trying to shut off the local press than anything else . 
  ^ ( fortunately , the fn buddies of marine le pen are n't yet in power : \u00b0 ), 
  one point * mildly * bothers me a bit tho ( well i 'm mostly curious more than * bothered * because i suspect the answer already ) but i guess it 'd be non blocking ; : what do the uk have in mind regarding `` to cease to apply ( ... ) provisions in the field of police cooperation and judicial cooperation in criminal matters '' ? 
  i mean , i understand the uk is independent . 
  i 'm just sure we could use their help in international or eu-wide criminal matters . 
  is there something particularly annoying the uk in that domain ? 
  is it still the echr regarding migrants ' family reunification ? 
  is it just possible to clarify it in the writing ? 
  poor eu leaders . 
  these brackets mean that they will have to discuss at the summit one of the most complex parts of the whole package -- the turf war over financial stability responsibilities . 
  i certainly have to admit i 'm not entirely sure who will ask for what here . 
  but ~ ~ oh well we 'll figure out something as usual ~ ~ , i mean ; i hope we will reach a consensus or agreement on such problematics too !, 
  \\ - but otherwise i see nothing blocking ( yet ? ), 
  in that current draft !, 
  let us see what the rest of the negotiation between brackets in that draft will lead us to ... 
  i 'm cautiously optimistic on it for the moment . 
  ... how many polish politicians have a dirty past they 're trying to burry already ? 
   what does a german act like , though ? 
  fair question !, 
  i 'm sure people living in germany would point out better social problems than me on that one tho . 
   [ fyi : i 'm a biracial german , speak the language fluently , highly educated , do n't `` read '' as german though by appearance ] hey for me that much is positive already  i 'm french so i can only compare it with the situation in france , but here a huge series of problem is : - poverty ( we 're working on that ) - segregation ( people who refuse mixing with other ethnic sources ? ) . 
  hence why i talk about integration so much - poortown neighborhoods that concentrate issues . 
  altho to be fair i can point out it 's not `` just '' immigrants there ( we always had what i 'd call zola-level issues in france , for centuries ) - older generations that ca n't read or write french ( but school is reducing the problem for current ones ) - lack of sense of appartenance . 
  hard to address that one tho . 
  some people do n't feel french here , or not enough . 
  tricky one because it leads people to the last issue : - radical religion ( the elephant in the room ) ; that in extreme cases generate jihadism and more largely lots of social issues . 
   the extreme left and the ecologists are n't going to make a government during the next years . 
  that 's for sure . 
  altho some actual left and above all some ecologists in environmental ministeries would n't be entirely out of the question as long as it 's somebody with a brain ( no we 're not going to all go back in caverns and dismantle our infra because n = krakra . 
  and somebody please tell bov\u00e9 that burning fields with gasoline in 2014 because-gmo-is-the-deviiiiil is still just as retarded / s ) . 
  assimilating yeah , sorry  if the ottoman empire did what you described there would only be turks in the balkans now . 
  we do n't mean they have to eat pork and never have to pray again or ca n't be muslims or whatever . 
  i mean the parrallele community refusing to mix are hurting the country . 
  it 's de facto segregation and risk leading to an appartheid gov is some racist gov has funny idea in 20 or 30 years to enforce it legally and nothing move, 
   the same day as this vote , a law was passed that significantly reduces the requirements for mps to declare their income and assets , and moves any responsibility for false declarations into 2017 . 
  these mandatory declarations where first introduced a few weeks ago -- but not without a scandal too : after the law was voted in , it `` turned out '' that they only start being mandatory in 2017 damnit . 
  that 's hiding corruption . 
  it 's clearly a serious step back . 
   the same day as this vote , a law was passed that gives chief prosecutor ( appointed by the president ) more power to control the appointment of , and some power to fire the head of anti-corruption prosecution agency -- that 's certainly worrying . 
   so , what does integration mean , exactly ? 
  what is the criteria ? 
  i did n't quite followed the integration problem with the turks than in other countries but it seems they do better than others !, 
  i 'd say the remaining blocus is people that tend to stay with each other than `` other germans '' , leading to separated communities . 
  but really for others , the base should be 1 \u00b0 ) learning the language 2 \u00b0 ) finding a job when possible 3 \u00b0 ) put their kids in school and try to become german ( which means acting like a german etc ) . 
  ( or french when in france , english when in the uk , etc ), 
   considering that les r\u00e9publicains and the fn share such opinion , then it 's the french position . 
  lol . 
  you just quoted a very right and a fringe ultra right party . 
  it 's like saying `` because the tea party and the kkk share this opinion '' ...  if valls says so and the president does n't blame him for it , he 's just used as vanguard fair point , but holland has better things than to review every speech and last sentance by valls , especially since the latter do a big part of the grunt work of the job in reality ( so more power to him 99 % of the time ) . 
  it 's just that from time to time he makes off hand off the cuff comments that might be a bit misplaced ( but hey nobody 's perfect ; valls does big picture a good job imho ), 
  that means we will have to reinforce * external * borders then , for the time being at least, 
  it 's a good move ; stopping radicalization is actually a good first stone to try to properly integrate people . 
  people who want to practice extreme radical islam a la nusra/al qaeda should stay in other countries or stop acting like radicals ; because we have no reason to accept antidemocratic/antiliberal intolerent practices in a modern country . 
   the solution is simple , publicly say ( even if it not true ) that you wont take any refugee anymore for a year , go on al arabia and al jazeera ( the arabic version ) make an interview saying that people who make it here will be put in camps before being thrown out from germany . 
  if the interviewer asks `` but you are violating asylum conventions '' , just say that it 's clear germany has taken its fair share . 
  that kind of announce look like a viable solution depending on the situation ( if only on tv to discourage people ) . 
   but that would take a leader that has the guts to suffer through the `` nazi , racist , bigot ! '', 
  shouting from the left . 
  looking at the number they already took in , i do n't think anyone can call them `` bigot '' ( or take more refugees in yourself before starting to criticize . 
  so , like germany , they need to size up the police and could try to entice large numbers of ex officiers toward reactivation with money . 
  : x they mention 4100 more jobs countrywide in the article according to translation ? 
  does n't seem much tho . 
  that seems pretty doable . 
  they should start recruiting/reactivating now imho, 
  this is valls playing politics because he wants to present himself to the next presidentials in france so he adds a bit of populism to his speech and try to detach himself from the current situation . 
  i hope he did n't vexated too much germany : /,
