  the jungle should be closed over the next couple months after slowly emptying it . 
  ( techically they said faster but looking at their process it 'll realistically take a few months to finish removing it completely ) http://www.leparisien.fr/societe/calais-la-prefecture-veut-que-plus-aucun-migrant-ne-dorme-dans-la-jungle-08-01-2016-5432939.php, 
   however , establishing a central register for all refugees/migrants entering the schengen area and issuing a simple id card to each , which could include finger prints , picture , personal data , bar code or chip , etc. , does not require a great effort . 
  this should be done the moment a refugee enters the schengen area . 
  agreed either way that much is truly needed if only to keep tabs on those who already entered and adding them `` in system '' in a certain manner . 
  linked to fingerprint allowing for easy retrieval/id if `` accidentally lost '' by it 's owner . 
  actually if the libyan government can come to grip with their own crisis they could close the migrant road coming by their country . 
  the 100m would be nice leverage in that sense to get it for cheap . 
  it 's not going to change their or our own budget but would provide an excuse to ask them to secure their borders . 
  given the current context they might want probably to focus on catching the recent criminal migrants rather than pegida , and potentially looking at ways to close at least temporarily german borders if possible :\\ \\ the situation is kind of a catch 22 tho, 
  well yeah i understood that much haha . 
  hence my comments about how it would be a logistical nightmare . 
  but others mentionned the old base in greenland or remote french islands , which are already built to some degree so would make more sense edit : no , seriously , i 'm starting to think a dom tom or another or greenland might as well be plan b if turkey does n't hold, 
  you do n't just put thousands of people somewhere `` in a pinch '' . 
  you need basic infrastructure . 
  if nothing else : - housing for bad weather . 
  - basic utilities ( electric power , water , heating , telecoms ) . 
  on an island , it 's not a given at all . 
  you ca n't just really tap the nearest ht pylon or laying a gas line in a couple hours . 
  - food supply chain ( ditto ) - basic medical coverage - security staff not too far you can bring in fast if needed - everything else i forgot about the advantage of the mainland is that it 's built . 
  if you take the time to build , yes , it can `` easily '' be done in a couple months ( tooks months to organize everything in turkey properly ) . 
  but not days . 
  edit : altho that base in greenland seems to have some usable infrastructure already : http://www.thelocal.dk/20150917/danish-peoples-party-send-refugees-to-greenland by closing temporarily the borders of the eu and redirecting migrants there or in such a position instead ( and overflowing a serious part of those already on the continent there ) that would reduce the situation to a lot more manageable, 
   or underestimating the capacity for the syrian war to continue . 
  say , the sdf finish isis in the north ; what do you think is going to happen ? 
  nusra is next in line , they 'll implode in aleppo ( see it 's going to start moving again and catching up and they 'll be stuck between the sdf/fsa/kurds & saa ... ) , and once nusra is going away , in the north it 's going to be `` join the kurds ( sdf ) or negociate with assad or surrender or gtfo or die '' for the northern fsa : / southern fsa is already stuck and thinking to negociate . 
   i very much doubt the safety of the alawites if assad loses power , he ca n't . 
  there 's a russian army on the coast & damascus . 
  no jihadi have the firepower to remove him . 
   which is now flooded with weapons well if it can be stabilized by force between ( russia + saa+i ran ) + ( sdf/ex fsa/coalition ) blocks controling the country ... 
  do denmark still control greenland ??? 
  i thought it was independant by now , but i 'm reading otherwise on the wiki edit : semi independant since 2009 but not yet since they need the cash . 
  altho i 'm not sure how they would react to refugees sent there in large numbers ? 
  plus it 's an ice wasteland for most of it , do they even have enough heated inner space ? 
  finland was short so gl ... 
   if not , i hear greenland has plenty of space . 
  xd not full eu member tho :( so we ca n't really order them anything . 
  and i 'm not sure they have any infra for anything like that . 
   turkey ( ... ) might do it for enough money that 's what we 're trying to do ...  or lebanon niet . 
  the population of their country already doubled . 
  they refuse ( rightly so ) taking more . 
  let me repeat that again : we got maybe 1 % pop growth with immigration in the eu , exagerating . 
  * lebanon got a 100 % population growth from refugees already . 
  * ( edit : they have 1.2 m refugees officially declared . 
  likely 3-4 .5 in reality ), 
  well that would n't be out of europe . 
  but hey , if you talk about the dom/tom at the other end of the world , that 's not actually entirely a bad idea haha . 
  so i guess i 'll leave the actionless complaining to you, 
   ca n't deport them to syria , it 's illegal . 
  it wo n't be at war anymore by the end of their sentance . 
  so yes it 'll be legal  to an external territory we kindah lack that one currently, 
   those caught need to be deported upon completion of their sentence . 
  this, 
  i 'm guessing their eu papers will magickally reappear at that moment ? 
  of couuuuurse . 
  so tell you what , you charge while yelling `` constantinople ! '', 
  and i watch ~ ~ you getting your ass kicked ~ ~ the results from there with popcorn . 
  :d / s < just in case, 
  how about lobbying for the deportations of criminals & that should happen to actually happen instead of just complaining `` politicians not doing anything buhuhuh '', 
  so how do you usually deal with people who overstay in mass tourist visas ? 
  yep they should be sent wherever they came from or any off shore center we could build/get an agreement with ; no pity for criminals ( proper deportation for crimes is not against human right legislation ), 
   faster deportation means little when deportation is almost impossible in the first place . 
  so maybe the point would be to change that much and not just sarcasm ? 
  i 'm not saying this as an intended threat . 
  i wanted to point out we did held back on giving large quantities heavy weapons and kept it in sight precisely to avoid annoying turkey too much . 
  technically we stand neutral in southern turkey , but they 'll never get it against rojava . 
  if only because that gives an exit to those that want to leave turkey & abandon that fight in favor of building their country where it already exists . 
  i guess we could add a bit of money and withholding very heavy weapons like gvozdikas from the pkk as a money of exchange . 
  helping greece repatriate toward turkey most migrants coming from turkey would be pretty helpfull too . 
  and , yes , using frontex to seal the border . 
  inform ? 
  if you do act we 're past that point . 
  i 'm sure they 'll figure it out once some go to prison for 10 years for that then get deported back to syria or wherever in 10 years ( which hopefully wo n't be at war by then ) very publickly . 
  yet we do . 
  which is why we need to give them a reminder . 
  our land , our rules . 
  ~ ~ technically that 's what the krg & rojava are there for , if they want to flee turkey but stay in kurdistan ~ ~, 
  you know just because you receive migrants does n't mean you have to modify your culture to suit them . 
  it looks like there is a need to assemble a taskforce to identify the culprits , try them jail them , and then deport the entire lot . 
  and probably anyone that covered for them in that story ( ie the youth camping around in cologne ) . 
  making a huge public ( on tv ) exemple to not do that with well known harsh sentances & deportation for the entire lot would help passing a public message that anyone doing that will be in for the trouble of their life . 
  hell , why not putting them in a romanian or belarusian prison for their entire sentance to make it extra harsher . 
   neither the eurozone or schengen has made france more prosperous or stable though . 
  that 's not true , our trade and industries based economy is extremely dependant on free movement and advanced integration with our neighbors . 
  and well . 
  they say that `` l'argent ne fait pas le bonneur '' in france ( money does n't buy happiness ) but from a gov point of view being able to toss large amounts of welfare and corporate money ( brought in by eu trade ) at the population sure helped stabilize the country and make us a prosperous first world country . 
  we lost the historic colonies so we have to make do by trading more with the eu as equals instead . 
   france can not control its own budgets any more well it sure limits us but currently well the corporate sector frauded so much we can kindah keep using them & the local oligarchs as a piggy bank to fund everything above budget for the next maybe 30 years just with the fraud seizures/reallocations if we keep being serious about tax fraud . 
  need to budget some more emergency money for in a year or two because you see something bad coming or want to invest in something ? 
  visit a random large corp 's accounting , you can be sure they frauded xxx billions $ at some level . 
   has the pound not worked for the uk ? 
  well i do agree that it 's in the uk 's favor to keep their own currency since they seem to do decently with it . 
  tho i would simply imagine the whole `` let 's leave the eu and it 'll be a bit hard 6 months then everything will be utopia 5 years later ! '', 
  some people in the uk love to repeat seems like a collective and total mirage to me : x and i keep seeing article like this crop around ... https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ywpy2/leaving_the_eu_would_be_a_disaster_for_britain/ then on top of this , more bluntly and matter of fact you would keep having to respect eu standards ( if only health & safety & antifraud/anticorruption ones ) if you want to keep trading with us ( i suspect you do ? 
  there were talks of free trade agreements ) , but you would loose a direct say in the eu on those matters ; which i 'd think is against your interest ? 
  not that brussels would simply hang up on downing street calling or writing again of course , but you would ` nt have as much official say . 
  but it is for the uk 's to decide in the end , so while i 'm pro uk-in-eu i guess i 'll sit on the bench alongside everyone else and hold my breath while the uk citizens vote on their own futur ( like we did when scotland voted ) . 
  plus the eu said they would do so ( respect the vote ) and coming back on a given word is bad i guess . 
   then france would do great with the franc . 
  i 'm not so sure recently after our last over spending habits and the way we modified our economic handling .
