   but on other side i can see here the big picture , we have huge problem here in slovakia with romas - few hundred of thousands of people in country of 5.4 million . 
  well obviously you do n't : you are doing with the romas exactly what the english are doing with eastern europeans . 
  people who do n't have home or schools have no proper access to work , so if you only offer them trash collection for 1 $ / day of course they wo n't take it . 
  do this mean hundreds of thousands of people are `` all lazy '' ? 
  think about that for a second . 
   yes nobody wants to hire them , so they are right to say they can \u00b4 t find a job exactly  and take money from state well you think they should stop eating and just die where they are ? 
  if they ca n't have any proper job why should n't they take that money ? 
  it 's the only way they can eat right ? 
   but if it would be higher here - well 1/3 of people would say they don \u00b4 t want to work , initially , yes . 
  but that only prove they know they are fucked over by their employer . 
  then their former employers would have at some point to offer them a living above welfare if they want employees . 
  ( hence my comments before it would initially drive a lot of people out of work but a year or so later they 'd go back in when offered better conditions . ) . 
  `` but employers would n't pay people a thousand euros a month in slovakia ! '' . 
  well , unless they want to pick the trash , repairs all the cars or do all the thousands of phone call etc and do everything themselves , they will have to . 
  some prices will rise , but if your income goes from 500 to 1000 then you are still largely winning . 
  and if you answer `` well they will automatize everything and hire nobody '' , then win win for that part of society that does n't have a job anymore  people get a decent living standard from welfare without doing the grunt work by hand like centuries ago , and employers save money on that ( and pay their part of the welfare simply in their taxes ) . 
  do we considere it a bad thing that there is n't a mandatory agricultural job for 90 % of the population like 200y ago ? 
  or do we complain about the `` job destructions '' the combine-harvester brought ? 
  and that 's something we should refuse firmly . 
  because corporation 's do n't have any of the citizen 's or country 's interests in mind most of the time . 
  oligarcs are only in it to make money . 
  and they are right to oppose it . 
  justice is a state/national/local / judge power and ttip tries to undermine it there . 
   those filthy rich supermarket owners are already giving 1/3 of food bank donations , no they did n't . 
  source : french . 
   it 's not like they 're refusing charities anything they can carry away . 
  yes they were when they could  it is the charities and supermarkets that need to figure out what works it was n't , working . 
  hence the intervention ( first administrative then legal and approved by the senate by normal channels to put some context and form on it & define clearly how it 's going to work since we 're a state of law . 
  and why the law passes now and not a year ago when was the problem ? 
  because well it was suggested as a law a year or two ago but legal stuff and laws takes time ), 
   if we didn \u00b4 t have this huge social benefits at first place the benefits are n't huge in the uk . 
  at all . . 
  they 're ridiculously inexistant in slovakia . 
  you 're taking the problem in the wronge sense , in my humble opinion . 
  leveling things by the lowest standards ( read : zero income ) is n't the right . 
  we need to bring them to western standards . 
  not the other way around . 
   europe is wasting money on people who either are not willing to be part of working society , errrrrh . 
  i 'm very warry of flatly labeling people as `` unwilling to work '' and `` lazy entitled '' by the millions when they 're at the bottom of ressources in society . 
  it 's a slippery slope . 
  starving people even poorer than you wo n't make you any richer . 
  where is really the missing money in society . 
  is it in the hands of a few slovakian immigrants , or might it be those ultra wealthy & powerfull corporations that fraud and steal taxes by chuncks of litterally 10 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 $ at once ? 
  well how so ? 
  in france , food charities are running out of stuffs , food insecurity a real problem , and shops the size of stadiums are tossing away large parts of the food they buy with a majority of it still good for a long time tossed for logistical and pricing reasons . 
  does n't need a genius to figure out where to take one to reallocate . 
  and making laws to ensure the system keep running properly automatically when we 're not watching it & that charities will keep having a decent supply even without further manual intervention, 
   i do n't see businesses going out of their way to spend money on being scumlords just for shit and giggles they see it as profitable the same way they go out of their way to destroy any and all unions in the usa  just think about what it takes to collect , sort , store and distribute all this stuff in a safe and sanitary way , a charity . 
  like the redcross or banques alimentaire . 
  it 's litterally their job . 
   running even a small business in france is fucking nightmare in france supermarkets does not qualify as `` small businesses '' : x that law target large shops like carrefour or auchan or casino . 
  mostly chains or really big stores . 
  think walmart in size ( an entire city large block , sometime multiple levels . 
  size of a small stadium kind of thing ) but without most of the negative connotations . 
   if tax breaks french supermarkets definitely do not need more tax breaks or money . 
  their owners are already filthy rich . 
  it 's the citizens we want to help . 
   which charities have the nationwide staff , dry storage and cold supply chain capacity to handle all that stuff ? 
  several actually , like the `` restos du coeur '' or the red cross or banques alimentaire . 
  they run their own refrigerated warehouses and they frequently distribute food based on income paperwork ( people in such and such very low brackets can fill in the paperwork and get access to the distribution center ) . 
   you have to understand that jobs at the bottom of the pile are basically subsidized . 
  if everyone paid an equal share of tax , then these jobs could not exist . 
  if the uk started cracking down on extremely common undeclared work & started collecting tax on frauders , a lot more tax money would come in . 
  rising minimal wage also rise wages and therefore tax income , and would lessen the burden corporations cheapening on everyone cause . 
  and in europe with all the money floating around in business , those jobs would still exist because shareholders and ceo will never pick up the trash themselves or do the grunt work that made them so rich . 
  so they 'll always pay somebody to do it , and more if they are legally forced to . 
  otherwise if there is nothing to force them to pay people a living and declare it , they wo n't . 
   i 'm not sure it makes sense to import other peoples . 
  but for corporations who replaced their former indian slaves with 2m borderline-unpaid pakistanis it makes a lot of sense : they complain less than an uk miner or worker when the wage is illegally halved without warning and late 2 months . 
  if the money goes `` elsewhere '' in europe , it 's not lost because the bulk of it will cycle in europe . 
  [ the trade balance of the eu is largely positive ( seriously click on 10y and watch the late results ) . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/balance-of-trade ) so welfare money largely stays in from a systemic point of view ( at citizens & trade level ) . 
  the `` real '' solution would be to use eu funds to level benefits eu wide & centralizing everything ( a single payer euro benefits system ) so that people do n't have to leave poland to have them to feed their kids in poland ; and that would quickly level the playfield in term of living standards eu wide . 
  but it would make western governments scream about how they are funding foreigners instead of their own , and if done way too fast could hurt some number of small businesses . 
  but above all we 'd have to find a few hundreds of billions to shoulder the initial exploding welfare costs in a few countries and obviously few western countries are interested in providing those for the benefit of `` lazy greeks and lazy poles citizens welfare leeches stealing all our jobs '' . 
  ( which is partly what drives me to the wall when they allow more money to disappear in evasion/fraud/tax exemptions to the corporate sector `` to create jobs '' they do n't create or do n't pay a living wage but ... ) so i guess the more realistic approach short term is giving cameron his emergency brake for a number of years , cracking down on fraud , finding some money and see what we can realistically fund out in poorer countries in the first place without killing our economies , so that the poles and czechs find it easier to stay home . 
  oh yeah because making poverty illegal will totally solve the problem / s, 
   find someone like starbucks doing that amazon ? 
  small companies ? 
  but talking about starbucks : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/retailandconsumer/11945013/european-union-orders-starbucks-and-fiat-juncker-luxembourg-pay-30m-in-unpaid-taxes.html `` of course that does not include the vat '' you 're going to tell me ; then let 's continue : http://news.sky.com/story/999135/starbucks-boss-we-pay-our-fair-share-of-tax `` over the last three years we have paid over # 160m in vat , rates and national insurance . 
  160m in vat knowing how they make litterally billions then declare it all `` at a loss '' with hollywood accounting tricks to avoid even more paying taxes ? 
  yeah more fraud , sorry . 
   that is false not it 's not . 
  if the money was sold `` by a foreign totally not local company and charged abroad '' and never appear on uk books they just pretend they never knew the money and spend it abroad . 
  how the hell do you think accounts in swiss or bermuda are filled ? 
   london is one of the most expensive cities in the world , dont live there if you ca n't afford it it 's nearly becoming cheaper to live in paris central than in the uk 's rural areas . 
  prices in the uk are starting to get mad . 
  plus if you want a job to pay the bills , you have to live in town . 
   being human doesnt mean you automatically provide or deserve any value . 
  again , no one owes you anything except your parents . 
  i disagree : people worked frequently their entire life to build our countries as they are . 
  companies benefited of free infrastructure like roads or schools educating their workers for generations . 
  then they need said peopel working for them . 
  they could not exist without their environment of which they are a product . 
  now it 's their turn to participate in financing those . 
   the amount of money and it 's location is irrelevant , resources are more interesting . 
  when 90 % + of the wealth of the country just disappear abroad , yes it is relevant . 
   even if it stayed in the country it would n't belong to you . 
  when shanty towns start growing up while the oligarchs grow richer and richer something tell me the population is n't going to take that answer forever . 
  pray tell , how did the feudal and victorian era and robber barons ended ?
