  because we would stop asking for subsidies for strasbourg in exchange . 
  in action , they 'd save 50 % of the usual subsidies money ( the one they are currently paying for the parliament & duplicated structures in sb ) the first year they 'd do that and 100 % the next years , while allowing for an easy & clean withdrawal from the town & ending the commuting circus . 
  in effect they 'd save billions over a couple years . 
  current eu treaties prevent a direct withdrawal without giving some form of institution to the country in exchange . 
  so admittedly with some interpretation an university would fit the bill and cost a fraction of the parliament ( and the gov could still claim at home it 's a reasonable victory ) . 
  as to why not give one to the uk ? 
  well we would but you are currently plotting a brexit and leaving us so ... 
  well it 's the size of a single neighborhood of paris or lyon or marseilles and has 500k habs soo ... 
  in comparison it 's a `` small '' city yeah . 
   are you trying to argue otherwise ? 
  of course it 's the french 's fault . 
  hey !!, 
  that 's not an oversimplification of what is going on in greece . 
  unpaid wages and retirement cut in half without warning or ppl told to `` just go back to work instead '' is daily routine there . 
  they 'll have to let greece stop spending all it 's budget on debts and start paying it 's own citizens instead or it 's simply not going to `` work '' very long . 
  at that rate , the next elected gov risk honestly being [ golden dawn ] ( http://www.infostormer.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/goldendawn.jpg ) who promised to do just that ( default and pay greek ppl instead of creditors ) . 
   but is france saving that money or the whole of the eu ? 
  ~ ~ i 'm wondering whether there is such a difference at that point since we 've been patching everything with french and eu funds and vice versa as issues appears =_= hence the `` blown up '' - on paper alone - france spending limit ~ ~ i think we 're currently already getting a bad deal due to traveling costs and all the issues associated with a capital cut in two separated by hundreds of km . 
  which i why i agree to think we should look up alternatives like consolidating in bruxelles . 
  whether the savings are made on a french or eu-bruxelles spending account , it 's as much waste cut down regardless and accounts can be rebalanced throught subsidies/contributions . 
  ( as a french i do n't see the eu as concurrents , we 're part of it . 
  i think the money should go where it 's actually needed whether it 's french farmers or belgium mep or german welfare or roads in the uk or water lines in romania ; not just spent on keeping half the capital in france for purely political petty reasons while bleeding billions needlessly due to it . 
  if it 's about having more leverage , then paying an army of french lobbyists sitting full time in bruxelles to get policy changes would still be cheaper . 
  if it 's about jobs then let 's create more public jobs and that university with part of the saved money ? ), 
   but a major institution like the eu parliament would employ a lot of people beyond the building itself . 
  those bus and train lines would employ people . 
  yeah generally people that come from bruxelles i suspect  restaurants , cafes , taxis , etc. 
  in strasbourg 's case , for which the gov pays more than it takes home since defacto nearly everything is refundable by the taxpayer for officials . 
  it 'd be cheaper to pay the restaurant owner welfare money straight going that way than to pay mp+s taff to come there to pay an overpriced meal to go back to bruxelles 2h later . 
  plus i do n't think you realize we 're talking about ( possibly dozens of ? ), 
  millions of commuting a year between bruxelles and strasbourg . 
  make it a 50 $ a piece on average ( probably a lot more in reality in a lot of cases ) and ... yeah it 's that much we 're saving . 
  and that 's not counting the other thousands of budget lines ... edit : euractiv suggest there is a 114m a year cost to the eu on the travel alone ( not counting collateral fees like hotel rooms , restaurant meals refunded by the eu etc ) https://www.euractiv.com/section/future-eu/news/auditors-put-price-tag-on-eu-parliament-travelling-circus/ edit the truth is i have suspicions we 're wasting possibly as much as 1 to 2 billion euros a year by having the political capital cut in two . 
  it 's cheaper to just create gov-funded local jobs like a factory or public building company or whatever to recruit locals instead if local employment is your real priority . 
  the article 's writer also spent half his lines on suggesting to make an university there instead to attract/keep people and fill in the void sooo ...  it would also lose some prestige on the world stage . 
  i 'm not that worried about the prestige of the eu nor of france as part of it . 
  plus i suspect foreign politics weight a lot more there . 
  french here . 
   why would the french government agree to screw over their city by killing all the jobs and funding associated with the eu parliament , without some compensation ? 
  it 's not screwing over the city , and the french economy can survive very well without the eu parliament in a minor provincial town thank you very much . 
  in fact , i suspect we 're loosing more money on twicing a lot of things that already exist in brussels and paying constant twice-a-day moving fees , having to maintain bus and trains lines for that etc ( when they 're not taking plane tickets , sometime multiple times a day ... 
  the point is not to ban movement , but if they do n't need to move as much it 'll reduce the bill naturally ) . 
  you know forcing germany to hand over half their gdp as debt caused the rise of hitler and wwii , right ? 
  how sending all the retirement and wages of healthcare and utilities ' money and all that to foreign creditor will not cause an entire generation to hate the creditors that come and take everything in their homes in the name of dubious debts they ( creditors ) might or might not have bribed past greek official to contract ? 
  same here . 
  it appears it 'll be needed to prevent further radicalization by foreign radical countries . 
  it is true moving the strasbourg institutions in bruxelles could at least save a lot of time to everyone by removing constant back & forth between both cities ...  changing this protocol would require an amendment to the treaties , a process which requires unanimity among member states , and that can therefore be vetoed by the french government . 
  ahhhh yes . 
  it 's the french 's fault !, 
  tssk tssk oh could i forget / s edit  a solution for strasbourg could be to establish an undergraduate european university there , modelled on the eui . 
  it would fill the parliament premises with students , professors and researchers from all over europe and would be financed by the eu budget . 
  hey personally i like their idea : o  this project would offer concrete benefits for young europeans and would be in line with one of the key priorities highlighted in the french-italian-german initiative set up after the brexit vote to improve the eu quickly by focusing on ambitious youth programmes because , as the declaration rightly states : `` europe will succeed only if it gives hope to its young people . '' agreed, 
  does that mean the imf will help implementing cash transferts or debt forgiving to help reduce the damage in greece ? 
   you 're not fully understanding his post because you 're not taking into account that buying is usually more expensive both in the beginning and each month . 
  this is n't just that . 
  i mean , there is a sometime 2/3 figure order of magnitude between lower house for sale prices and what people can save up with their wage if they are still living with their parents and spending 0 . 
  for housing to be affordable for the next gen , prices would need to probably get back down to 5 figs ( ie below 100 ' 000 # ) and wages to go up to like 10 + # / h base minimal wage . 
   even if the house ends up having a higher value , it forces you to live in the same place for decades if it was just that . 
  and you do n't seem to understand most people ca n't even afford that nowadays ... we 're looking at an entire gen stuck to rent for their entire life , spending most of their earnings on it . 
   that will put them in debt and tie them down long term . 
  banks do n't loan more than 5x your yearly wage . 
  so you ca n't even get in debts enough to buy a house no matter what . 
  if you are making 20k you are getting 100k loaned . 
  a house is 1 million in london ( in a bad neighborhood , you can easily thrice the price otherwise ) , a correct flat 500/600k . 
  it 's simply never going to happen without the market dropping a figure or two on the price . 
  that 20k you saved for the initial payment after bleeding yourself 5 years ? 
  it 's a joke next to the price . 
   30 years down the line , that money may or may not be worth as much as the house you would 've bought , but at least it would n't depend on just the housing market . 
  you 're asking people to worry about `` market value in 30 years '' when they 're studying how not to end up homeless when they get fired and unemployed in 6 months and have no money to throw at the rent . 
  it 's absurd . 
  but that does n't prevent price speculation preventing ppl to buy it anyway . 
  half of paris was empty and they always build more in it yet it 's still unaccessible to most ... at some point the government will have to intervene to ensure people have a bigger income if we want the economy to be sustainable ... 
  if wages keep falling and speculation stay rampant/perfectly legal/unregulated , you can build all the housing you want , it 'll still be unaffordable to everyone . 
  it 's the same issue than the shop being full of goods but closing because there is never any customers because nobody has any money to buy anything in it . 
  you can fill the shelfs all you want and divide the prices by two ( supply side economics ) with housing prices going `` down '' from 5m # to 2m # ( 2 ' 000 ' 000 # . ), 
  in london , if ppl still have zero money because they make 1000 pounds a month on your min wage a month ( or say let 's go crazy even 2000 # a month in london ) you 'll still have zero sales and zero economy there . 
  edit relevant : http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/uk-average-salary-26500-figures-3002995 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/personal-banking/mortgages/under-45-chances-are-you-wont-own-a-home/ edit : just found out there is a nice wiki article with relevant info too : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/affordability_of_housing_in_the_united_kingdom edit : sorry , i 'm mentionning the situation in the uk because i headbutted with some torries a couple hour long on that subject . 
  but it 's definitely a problem in various other eu and occidental countries too . 
  that 's propaganda . 
  in western countries , renting basically mean you loose half your wage straight just to keep the roof above your head . 
  you do n't give a crap about the `` financial fluctuation of land value '' when you are in that position of having to work hard possibly multiple jobs perpetually to have nothing to show for it 30 years later , like most renters . 
   you retain better labor mobility . 
  it 's cheaper to move if a better job shows up . 
  that 's outright false from experience , because it is just as hard if not harder to find housing to rent than to buy . 
  landlords take forever to decide themselves , asks perpetually for more ( 6 months of wage fronted , and a safety deposit , and 3 people vouching for you and paying rent if you default , and that you 're not too young `` because students are bad payers '' , and not too old , because you 're going to die soon , and not unemployed , not paid too low , not ... edit : how could i forget about it !, 
  the credit check too . 
  also do n't have any student loans ! ) . 
  then most of them will say no anyway because they found somebody they could bill a rent twice as high or `` do n't want to low ball it '' . 
  typically it takes 6 to 24 months to get a flat to rent in a popular city . 
  lots of people that move around have to learn to live in an hotel room or plan years in advance . 
   you have fewer eggs in one basket . 
  you have no egg at all you mean . 
  in any baskets . 
  because you do n't own anything of value . 
   buying real estate is a bet false . 
  for most people , it 's not a bet , because they 're not speculating on price , they just want a damned house to live in . 
  for the greedy capitalist speculator it is one because they can afford to play on lot of high value things . 
  but most people buy a house so they do n't end up homeless next time they got fired and ca n't pay the rent anymore . 
  not to watch stock tickers to sell it to random shell companies with a shady deal make quick money . 
   you limit risk .
