  \\* shrugs *  plus about 15 - 30 eur as pocket money , well when you account the ( enormous ) prices differences in germany , whatever they would be left after the rent would have a defacto similar value . 
  also , if you are n't stuck in the balkans you might have a bit more , and frequently people work without official autorization which means they have a bit more money ( several hundreds more ) than that . 
   which is about 5 - 10 meals in a low quality cheap restaurant if you go for the more inexpensive stuff . 
  let 's not exagerate , food 's and life 's cheaper than that in eastern europe . 
  plus as you mentionned it , the roof & food are already covered so you do n't have much to spend upon as a vital priority . 
   why are roma people going to sweden to be beggars there instead of staying in romania then roma people ( gypsies ) are going everywhere , they are nomad by culture ( regardless of economic reasons ) . 
  and since they generally do n't get welfare or sometimes do n't find work enough at their intended destination ( if they do n't stay long enough ) , they frequently turn to begging or ( petty ) crime . 
   no refugees will want to stay on eastern european welfare , not gon na happen . 
  i 'd say poland looks nice enough , but i think polish screams about the refugee resettlement proposal is an indication in itself ... 
  a step in the right direction , 
   do you understand that sit at street and beg for money , steal , distribute drugs or blackmail in germany/sweden/uk / france will make much more money then money and housing we can provide in poor eastern countries ? 
  that is simply not true . 
  well maybe in croatia granted , i know there is much propaganda that everything is as poor as the balkans 20 years ago , but a lot of `` eastern '' european countries have a sufficient lifestyle . 
  plus , welfare in germany will cover boarding & food but not much more either . 
   the deficit is enormous and unemployment is rising , it is impossible to come up with solutions that no-one opposes . 
  the only magic bullet would be an euro exit allowing devaluation , and that is not going to happen . 
  well basically the exact same problem affecting every country in europe that is n't germany . 
  be prepared for massive austerity , selling off the entire public sector to oligarchs , firing most state employees and pushing back retirement 10 years just to pay back debts you too !, 
  ( maybe it 's time to stop squeezing out the blood out of every countries & start giving them limited printing rights or default rights or doing cash transferts ? ), 
  i hope the policewoman will get better ; police did a good job apparently . 
  guy probably got what he deserved . 
  well they do it properly and did n't resort to needless violence either afaik . 
  this is also a serious plus . 
  i do n't think using tear gaz in a riot qualify as `` gassing '' . 
   they can not deport them if they do not know where they came from those from the eastern road goes in from turkey . 
  we have an agreement for repatriation to turkey for illegal immigrants . 
  why not use it ? 
  their current camps are safe & decent either way . 
  it 's not like we toss back people in ` stan or syria . 
  ( also we should help financially turkey so to spend less in eu proper ) once they realize they 're just going to end up in turkey at best they 'll stop . 
  edit : ca n't we also spread rumors amongs the smugglers that people without any papers coming in anonymous will be arrested and jailed for a long time ? 
  simple , ask them to show syrian papers . 
  if they ca n't , pay a translator to question them briefly in arabic , ask what town they come from , to describe briefly a few syrian towns ( basic questions a non syrian ca n't answer like `` how many peoples live here ? 
  where is it on a map ? '' ) . 
  only takes a few minutes . 
  if they ca n't even talk arabic they ai n't syrian . 
  \\* points at the pakis \\* a few arabic speakers on payroll and 5min per people would allow easy triage . 
  `` eu naval forces '' ? 
  nato would tell them to send their own navy in . 
  but , maybe they should close the island border for the time being , turn around boats back to turkey ( or if not possible boat/plane back anyone that does not have syrian papers or do n't speak arabic without a very good justification ) . 
  it 'll have to wait for the election results tho , the policy will go depending on whose in charge there . 
  greece is paralyzed . 
  they 're bankrupt , what little they still have is busy funding the debt agreement and their two top men in charge were pressured into stepping down . 
  anything else is stuck until the election results in a week or so, 
   still they are getting major sh $ t for it from all over europe . 
  let 's not exagerate , i heard them getting a lot more shit for stuff like suppressing press , jailing political opponents under shady pretenses , `` quasi '' - rigging elections , trying to abolish retirement/unemployement ( basically so that the gov could pocket the money ) & stuff like that . 
  hell , the hungarian population really threw a fit when he tried to tax internet per gigabyte of data . 
  greece will definitely need help to cope , i agree . 
  we should also give money to turkey to help them run their current high standards camps ( which is something they very much did very well , up to now ) . 
   once they register and apply for asylum in any eu country , they can ask for their country of choosing to be settled there as a refugee . 
  and they will be mass denied because from what i get most of them are n't even refugees , just immigrants . 
  at worst a few thousands syrians might pass . 
   in this case hungary ( dublin 3 protocol ) . 
  well , if they are rejected from hungary here they 'll be ejected back to serbia , wo n't they ? 
  now serbia is relatively safe and might look at entering in the eu . 
  what i 'm worried about is what will serbian reaction be . 
  but if they are fingerprinted in hungary & associated legally to serbia , they ca n't claim benefits in germany . 
  while i doubt they 'll let people outright starve , it 'll clearly discourage welfare shopping . 
   this document is a declaration by the migrant about the reason that serbia is not a safe country for him/her haha . 
  clever way to push the problem away . 
  not sure what serbian reaction will be tho . 
  yeah and we did n't extraded alexander litvinenko either . 
  then russia sent assassins with polonium . 
  should we expect the same as a regular occurence ? 
   , including the perpetrator of the deadly u.s. embassy attack in ankara then maybe open diplomatic pressure , shaming or similar process would be , again , more adapted than random attacks ? 
  ( btw dailysabah is known to be funded by the akp so i would n't trust it more than i 'd trust daily mail , rt.com or sputnik if i were you ), 
   and did you expect turkey to do nothing while pkk killed police officers ? 
  no i do n't , but keep that shit in turkey/iraq thank you very much . 
  if a kurd is accused ( sometime in a very dubious manner ) of war crimes and hide in europe , the turkish gov can send the proofs or elements in an official manner by official channels . 
  not sending mit killers in europe & accident with explosives at kurdish offices . 
  i mean what next , polonium too ? 
   do n't forget pkk was destroying building infrastructure and attacking building terrains because they oppose the building of a dam before all this started as well . 
  on the other hand i agree this was a mistake at every level ( especially since they could even use the fresh water for any serious agriculture , even if the pyd will probably never admit it ) . 
   they were sleeping cells in kobani svbied came from turkish side of the border . 
  it 's a big truck-like thing with armor plates on the back , not the kind of `` sleeper thing '' , especially since most of the town was leveled to the ground and there was n't anywhere to hide it once the debris clear up started to rebuild . 
  security cam video did show it . 
  if you really insist i might try digging it back up . 
   the isis suicide bomber who killed socialists in suruc was also ethnically kurdish and a daeshi . 
   believing that all kurds are pkk and ypg no i certainly do n't . 
  however turkish ~ ~ violence tourists ~ ~ `` ultra nationalists '' certainly do n't make that distinction right now . 
   you 're trying to put events happening in europe between two ethnic groups , which in light of recent events is to be expected , on erdogan well , gw getting suddenly impulses to attack kurds in europe just on the verge of new elections kind of let me think that too . 
   the pkk has done enough of a job to put the hdp in a bad light ( you know , they have killed 100 soldiers and police men and 50 civilians in two months ) . 
  the hdp is in turkey . 
  if turks attack kurds * in europe * ( you know , our countries . 
  ) , they will face justice like every one else . 
   imagine if a terrorist group had killed 100 security forces and 50 civilians in two months i distinctly remember 200 ( * two hundreds * ) bombing runs in 2 days in iraq , and not just quandil . 
  after 2 killed cops true , but after the pkk was served ( shady , faked ) evidence that turkey let daesh organise the suruc bombing that killed 40 + kurds and maimed horribly twice as much . 
  so let 's make the initial count : - turkish personnal killed : 2 - kurdish personnal injured , killed or otherwise targeted : 600 + . 
  you really thought the pkk would n't react ? 
   and have you seen all the attacks by kurds/kurdish protestors on turkish peaceful protestors ? 
  have you seen kurdish protestors attacking swiss , swedish and uk police ? 
  of course you have n't . 
  which still does n't excuse the gw droppping a grenade at a kurdish office in sweden . 
   days after ypg claimed that isis suicide bomber entered kobani from turkey , isis released a propaganda video where you can clearly see the bomber entering the city from isis-held area . 
  `` isis held area '' in the middle of kurdish territory ? 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  look it happened again in june : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koban%c3%ae_massacre and the whole canton is in kurdish hands since like , march . 
  then suddenly a daesh car suicide bomb appear at the border crossing between turkey & kobane canton . 
  where the hell do you think it comes from ? 
  and do n't say to me `` it drove for 2 days in the open in all kurdish territory unstopped from raqqah '' because it 'd have been blown away from the air a hundred time .
