  as for italy , they always where in trouble but they are trying to address their problems as best as they can . 
  they 're not going to die `` out of the eu '' . 
  they 're going to die if out of the eu + closed border + mass deportations . 
  well not murder but their economy will end up like greece ( but without funding below the table ) . 
   fact is the eu has far bigger problems on the horizon than a likkle bit of uk leaving the eu . 
  inb4 `` the ~ ~ whitewalkers ~ ~ russians are coming '', 
   is fucking retarded and bullshit . 
  well then lol be my guest and put visas . 
  but do n't complain when half the city picks up and leave because they do n't want to deal with visa stuff to access other eu countries . 
  i mean , it 's your sovereign right to shoot yourself in the foot . 
  wo n't stop me from saying it 's idiotic . 
  edit  the uk will be worse off outside the eu out of the eu yes . 
  out of the eu + closed border + mandatory visas , on the other hand , that could wreak havok on it . 
  add a million deported eu citizens on top with a colossal amount of qualified personnal and missing workers everywhere and the boat will certainly rock quite a bit . 
   but the fact that there are unfortunately some racist people in my country does n't mean you can shit all over it . 
  and what happends when the racist people place their pawns in charge who say they `` ca n't garrantee [ millions of eu ] people will be able to stay in their home '' as a program for futur pm ? 
  that has consequences . 
  and yes , i will `` shit '' all over such shitty politics . 
   stuff like this just makes us hate you stuff like `` we will force 1m eu invader out of their homes and back in planes to the eu '' makes me hate your conservatives too . 
  while your nationalists burned down the house of ethnic polish citizens for being foreigners . 
  ethnic cleansing is not ok . 
  so i guess the sentiment is mutual . 
  good luck without all your employees . 
  if you are so mocking of them , i 'm sure you 'll love to run that shop for 5 # / hour as an english citizen , instead of asking a pole to do it . 
   someone else that wants to come over to be a shop assistant , barman or builder - no chance . 
  i `` love '' that twisted strange image the uk have of people just coming in the uk to wait 6 months lazying about just to assault and beat an english citizen to steal his jobs from his pockets !, 
  the reality is companies make people come from the eu because they do n't manage to recruit english citizens for whatever reasons . 
  if you remove the companies ability to hire the workers they want they 'll just move out . 
  i mean , it 's like you 're planning to self impose on yourself the russian sanctions . 
  yes you can survive it , but it 's not going to be any pleasant by any stretches . 
  your currency already fell out from 1.5 to 1.1 $ in the last 30 days . 
   how can you confuse high frequency trading with business visas ? 
  the entire finance economy is based on the `` here and now '' . 
  visas is the `` maybe , one day , not sure , if we feel like it '' . 
  while hft can be done remotely , if they need a specialist to fix their server or a new trade advisor they need it by yesterday . 
  and if they ca n't have it in the uk immediately ( along with the hundreds of thousands of other foreign people they employ accross the world ) , they 're going to move to him . 
  there 's a reason most hong kong citizens have a ton of exceptions to bypass visas . 
  hsbc would have already moved there otherwise . 
   there are 3 million eu citizens in the uk and 1 million uk citizens in the eu . 
  ah , already living there ? 
  maybe . 
  is it `` bad '' ? 
  certainly a lot less than the city moving out because they need visa to move any of their crew around . 
   no one moves their life without notice . 
  uh lol , you mean except everyone in the eu or intra usa for example ? 
   do you mean business visas ? 
  ... you know your economy is going to die instantly if you ask for visas from the eu right ? 
  lloyds & jp morgans will be in the eu 2 days in . 
  again this is trading : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/10736960/high-frequency-trading-when-milliseconds-mean-millions.html not 3 months visa bullshit . 
  wake up . 
   no it 's not . 
  this is just eu migrations . 
  lol if there were 3m a year moving from the eu to the uk you 'd be building another london on a yearly basis and 10 years in the eu would be an empty wasteland . 
  do you even realize how ridiculous those numbers are ? 
   if you 're healthy , have a stem degree and no criminal record it 's probably going to be very easy to move here . 
  most jobs are n't even linked to stem anymore . 
  you 're based on finance that needs people to move without notice ( traders deals in [ * milliseconds * . ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/10736960/high-frequency-trading-when-milliseconds-mean-millions.html ) ) . 
  if they 're still waiting for permits 2 weeks in , the city of london will quickly end up exasperated and just move out . 
   though the same rules will apply worldwide with no special preference for europeans . 
  there are hundreds of thousands of eu citizens in the uk . 
  and she 's saying word for word that she wants to deport them . 
  if she does it , there 's going to be a lot of consequences for british citizens in the eu too . 
   1 million out and 3 million in . 
  that 's blatantly false , and most of those do n't come from the eu ( hello pakistan ? ) . 
  can the uk torry conservatives just stop lying for a minute ? 
  it 's not doing them any favors . 
   with no special preference for europeans . 
  yet you want to us to make special financial rules bending your way for the british economy because of the ex membership ? 
   and the right to work here will be under work permits if she goes that way ; they 're going to find it strange when newly arriving british citizens too will have to ask for permits to get access to housing or welfare or work at the embassy and wait for paperwork for a couple weeks before they come in the eu lest they be deported first plane to the uk . 
  it works both ways really . 
  of course the uk is a sovereign nation , but so is the eu on it 's own territory . 
  if the uk new pm screw us over and harass our citizens , we will screw over the uk too . 
   but i think the european union will not accept that . 
  unless britain agrees to the eea conditions , that includes free circulation basically on current already negociated eu member standards, 
  there are few things as low as willfully burning down a food shop really . 
  it 's shameful . 
  seriously i hate to say it but should the sun make a frontpage article calling people to calm down and not target minorities or random passerby ; i would suspect it might actually get a few people to calm down . 
  it 's owners love money so if nothing else it 's probably possible to pay the sun enough to get a page or two well placed . 
  it might be easier to cooperate 48h with the newspaper . 
  i 'm happy to hear that greece was able to find a big trade partner such as china . 
  that definitely can help them and the eu building a better future . 
  in orwell , the `` ministry of truth '' was intended to remove the truth and hide it under lies . 
  here they are doing the reverse . 
  when your press willfully runs massive amounts of misinformation on the orders of a few politically connected individual , with the obvious goal of manipulating large parts of the population with fear into a specific course of action ; it is propaganda . 
  how is pointing out & correcting your own country 's propaganda & mass misinformation a `` waste of money '' ? 
   why would they bother patrolling stopping uk destined migrants , letting them go to the uk means it 's not an eu problem anymore . 
  thanks uk . 
  i guess that 's one of his `` violent '' options if he gets elected and wants to pressure ( or if our gov wants to punch back if a michael gove-like pm get seriously aggressive against the eu ) , yes . 
  most likely if the uk brexit they 'll ( i 'm speculating , not ordering them ! ), 
  sign for [ the eea ( think norway ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norway%e2%80%93european_union_relations ) to get full free trade/eu freemarket access ; which is a statut somewhat close in reality for the average citizen ( except without the eu rebate & fraud this time ) ; in which case in reality few things might change ( the country will stay stable and avoid most economic pain . ), 
  but that also mean they ( in that scenario ) would have a lot fewer concessions to give to the leave political fringe than what the brexiters ( farage , johnson , murdoch , ... ) promised ; and by that i mostly mean the freedom of movement for people with legal paperwork like the poles ( yes they can go in norway too ) & they 'll have to pay contributions to the eu as an eea member , like norway do ; and they 'll have to respect a lot of eu standards legislation anyway to sell here, 
  an energy union might help . 
  i mean he 's not wrong there . 
   carrying on as usual was untenable amid `` growing demagogy and deeper euroskepticism , '' he added . 
  good point  and a european digital `` cloud '' to challenge `` the american monopoly . '', 
  we 'd need to attract there as a main location a major service ; something big on the scale of facebook or google or amazon ; or create our own . 
  but for the second case , there is no easy answer ( if somebody knew how to create the next tech giant that caught everyone 's attention they 'd already have done so for themselves ), 
  well i do think part of the gloating was necessary . 
  i mean , it 's not like they have n't been warned times and times and times that brexit was a poor idea but they forced the point anyway . 
  pushing it verbally a bit down some more for the sake of making the point might sometime be helpfully .
