   noone is forcing them to stay there . 
  well ; if you ca n't find a job in another eu country you ca n't stay there long term . 
  and for non eu countries , you generally wo n't have any visa . 
  and they have no money to move anywhere else in france due to ridiculous housing prices ( poor people are generally stuck with the subsidised social-built flat they currently have ) . 
  so basically ; they are stuck there whether they like it or not . 
  and part of the problem is that those social flats are in themselves a progress because it means we have less homeless people to deal with . 
   how do you catch an employer that bined a resume generally they do a double blind ; with 2 or more ( great looking ) resumee almost identical for the post but one living in a banlieu with a foreign sounding name , and another with a french name in paris and a pretty picture . 
  generally they do it multiple times to avoid an isolated incident and space a few days and do it with a big company , so if they get caught they can investigate and if there are hr-levels orders to act like that they can be nailed down and fined more easily . 
  for small companies it 's harder , but the law still stands legally speaking . 
   i never thought people like that were subtle about their thoughts . 
  please listen to yourself . 
  i 'm not calling you a racist because i do n't know about you and i 'm too lazy/busy to check ; but it 's one of the first things they utter about minorities they do n't like . 
  generalizing everyone as let 's say `` slow and uneducated '' because they live in such neighborhood and their parents gave them such name is in a lot of cases ridiculously wrong . 
   these `` fast lanes '' go both ways as well . 
  there is a good chance the isp would pass the costs on to service providers like netflix and youtube . 
  oh they are already trying . 
  in france , free tried to force google to pay them a dozen billions to let youtube pass ( they did n't outright blocked it but `` forgot '' to do upgrades so when yt released hd video mode that needed more bandwith to work , hd video was unusable and you were forced to lower resolution ) . 
  they got caught ; forced to settle with google and both told to stfu and that if youtube crashed again there would be blood , basically . 
  and i used orange as an example because they tried exactly what i was quoting . 
  they invested in daily motion , and started causing youtube to crash outright on `` buffering '' instead of loading videos . 
  again , they got caught and thrown out . 
  but i suspect it start being very tiring that we internet users have to constantly look over our shoulder not to wonder one day why website x stops working . 
  not even talking about mobile internet bills and phones that goes in `` roaming mode '' for a bazillion euros when you forget steam in background or cross the border to another country 5 km next to you and the gps notes it . 
   employers just drop resumes when they 're from certain banlieues . 
  good luck proving it 's because of that they get punished when caught : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/discrimination_%c3%a0_l%27embauche yes it do happen . 
  so does assault , drunk driving and theft on a regular basis . 
  does n't mean it 's legal . 
   but you can not have extremist views and want for society to treat you like any normal person . 
  people are n't allowed to * express * hate speech ( or obviously act on it ) . 
  but you are not allowed to use your position to punish them for their thoughts in their head , and especially not to ask them about it for the sake of honeypotting them and punishing them . 
  and that 's a safeguard for the population . 
   what do people who create such an ideas have in their heads ? 
  well ; like every corporations , they like money . 
  for them the more money they have the better . 
  everything else is secondary to that consideration for corporations . 
  and they do n't care if it damages society . 
  that 's why we need regulations ; to put limits . 
  like by enforcing net neutrality . 
   there 's no law that prevents anyone from talking current events . 
  no , but there are laws preventing him from influencing your carreer in consequence or firing you or punishing you for example . 
  or if you can prove he dropped your cv specifically about that , or ( more likely if he 's caught asking you such questions during the interview ( there are agents in civil posing as prospects doing anonymous controls on the topic . 
  some associations against racism are also well known to do it ) . 
   what would you do if an employee is rowdy ? 
  good point . 
  i would document his attitude for a short span of time at least , possibly using legal security cameras in the general office ( e.g : film him screaming or harassing somebody or being generally rowdy ) . 
  and then if he does n't get the message , i 'd fire him using that as an argument . 
  that 's perfectly legal . 
   in a lot of schools many kids didnt understand that and then they 're amazed they 'll always be on the fringe of society the reverse is also very true : a lot of kids know they will be on frings of society either way so they quickly stop giving a crap about said society and especially what it 's public representants ( officials , cops , ... ) tell them . 
   they want more police and stronger police ca depend ou et pourquoi . 
  * depends where and for what . 
  as a frenchman who was regularly frisked ( because i must have a face for it ) ; i 'm clearly not against retraining everyone . 
  *  btw , would you ever hire a dude that thinks the charlie hebdo deserved it ? 
  well the rule of thumb is not talking about politics with your employer . 
  there 's even a couple laws on the subject preventing him from asking you . 
  unprovocated violence is n't tolerated anywhere however ; it 's very well known . 
  on a personnal level , id ' b be more warry of right wingers ( front national nazis ) , but that 's just me . 
  well ; it would certainly change the attitudes of police and therefore attitudes of banlieusards toward police over a couple years . 
  and yes a lot of frenchs wants the attitude of police to change , even if the problem is a lot less present than before with partial reforms . 
   well i gave up tv over a decade ago . 
  i love the internet but just like any addiction it can be overcome . 
  yeah like an addiction to use forks to eat or water to shower or switching on the heater during the coldest of winter . 
  you can survive without , but your lifestyle takes a hit . 
   i wo n't die without it . 
  no , but you will not be able to write emails anymore and will have to phone in for everything . 
  you wo n't be able to know the status of your account . 
  you wo n't be able to get instant news . 
  you wo n't be able to easily share pictures with your friends . 
  or get games . 
  or work from home easily . 
  better carry paper maps to go anywhere . 
  and keep a phone book to find anyone 's number . 
  and ... 
  there 's some point at which the police will have to understand that they do n't get to write the law , merely enforce it . 
  especially when it 's in everyone 's else 's interest . 
   with a median income over 6 times ukraine so rich they have so many homeless citizens they officially declared situation of emergency : http://edition.cnn.com/2015/10/17/us/hawaii-homeless-emergency/  detroit is over 3 times ukraine . 
  and people were so poor they were getting banned from water and power utilities for bills they could n't afford anymore . 
  let that sink in , * they could n't afford tap water anymore * . 
   detroit is heavily reliant on aid from the rest of the country . 
  and about time ; because when that started to happen people where talking about burning down public buildings . 
   that wo n't happen though - yanukovich , 2014 , word for word  we are n't anywhere near poor enough for a bloody revolution watch detroit or hawaii . 
  tell me how living there is any better than living in ukraine ? 
   to yield a positive result . 
  it 's like a natural catastrophe . 
  it 's frequently very negative , but you have to account for it . 
  if you ignore everyone for too long and do n't do anything about it , pressure keeps pilling till the volcano explode . 
  now i 'm not saying it should be illegal to be rich or whatever , i 'm not stupid . 
  but when some people are holding back from society what amounts basically to several percents of a national governemental budget and a very large amount of citizens is in trouble and you refuse to account for it or cutting them some economic slack and just answer with `` it 's my money i do n't owe you anything !, 
  '' , you 're in trouble . 
   this is n't the world of 1789 . 
  if you 're rich and there 's social unrest in 2015 you get on your private jet and go where you want . 
  well ; if a ferguson-like protest ends up like the arab springs , and the europe follows , there wo n't be much anywhere to hide apart maybe third world countries . 
   thanks to globalization you do n't even have to worry about your assets being stuck in country either . 
  until we start freezing and re allocating accounts in the dozens of billions to trillion range after largescale abuse . 
   in other words , in 2015 the rich have no incentive to make sure the peasants do n't rebel , so again , why should people who like making money start businesses in areas with high crime and low skills ? 
  and when your entire living space is `` high crime and low skills '' , what happens ? 
  `` why should i pay the peasants a living ? '', 
  \\* points at syria , libya and ukraine \\*, 
  more likely they 'll start blocking out whatever site they do n't like and you 'll loose access to huge chuncks of the internet over time depending on where you are and what 's your provider and who owns it . 
  then the gov will use the providers ' new found power and remove any website they do n't like either that way . 
  so , it means that one day your provider might decide they do n't like reddit , and welp you ca n't access it anymore .
