  and they do have obligations towards nato too . 
  so essentially you advocate never ending war against a 50k strong movement in turkey alone ? 
  : / might i point out it 's still going to be the same in 20y without another solution ? 
  as far as i know the pkk apparently tried multiple times to sign peace with turkey ? 
  why not agree to it then ? 
  keeping the fight permanent will only result in more deaths . 
  or was i skewed by my own bias ? 
  your post will be very interesting for people unfamiliar with that war , i agree . 
  tho , a minor note :  it may be interesting to note , that daesh ( aka isis ) are n't actually the biggest killers in the syrian civil war . 
  assad has that accolade . 
  this might not be entirely true : - people killed by assad have the `` advantage '' of the spotlight ; serious investigations uncovered their widespread prison/disappearance system . 
  - on the other hand , daesh-controled areas are pretty much an information ( or even technology ) blackhole . 
  they pretty much leave most things undocumented uncommunicated and tend to behead pretty quickly people caught communicating with the outside . 
  - some courageous people keep sending word out via organizations like raqqah is being silently slaughtered ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raqqa_is_being_slaughtered_silently ) ; but if caught they general risk a pretty cruel death and have access to limited amounts of materials to leak out . 
  - i also do think some of daesh actions like the camp speicher massacre or sinjar ( when they attempted to genocide the yezidis ) or their sectarian islamist ethnic cleansing against the kurds or other `` infidel '' arab groups in northern syria where largely un ( der ) reported . 
  death tolls associated where seriously lowered if not outright ignored for political reasons . 
   the bombings of isis resulted as over 150 deaths so far . 
  bombings of isis ... in turkey . 
  now if you account for all the people they killed syria & iraq , they likely well passed the 5 , maybe 6 figures death toll , in the short few years they existed . 
  refering only to 150 deaths is highly misleading . 
  i think they ca n't yes . 
  they could extradite them towards the hague international criminal court tho . 
  excellent news . 
  i hope the next phase of experimentation ( with hydrogen ) will be just as much as a success !, 
   so what is preventing people to just cut out that middle man that you say is only there for reaping profits ? 
  currently ? 
  the corporations bribing to death the system in the usa to try to make it more feudal to their taste ( with them as the local lords ) . 
  what do prevent people from just kicking out the local rulers ? 
  well , do tell . 
   because i believe it creates a lot of imbalance in the market imbalances ? 
  the ultimate goal of crony corporatism is to transfert all the wealth in the world to their personnal account . 
  in that , i 'd say they are pretty successfull sadly . 
   i think you 'll find that a lot of people will rather work as an employee instead of starting their own business the problem is most corporate executives nowadays did n't started anything . 
  they inherited a seat in the apparatus with people that do all the real work for them , paperwork included  they 'd rather have someone else handle that and they themselves can just sell their labor to him . 
  most corporate execs/employers would n't be able to run a company themselves . 
  that 's why modern companies have human ressources services , accountants , secretaries , etc. 
  basically , yeah i think most ceo and execs deserve about the same wage than the rest of their employees , not millions and billions . 
  the fact they can allocate themselves all the money they want only tells me the system is rottenly corrupt currently . 
  either . 
  they rely on others to actually do it for them . 
   nobody forces you to work for any of them . 
  well , no , but when the republicans try stealing away the food stamps and then the minimal wage to make it a `` work for us for 5 $ / hour or become homeless '' ...  oh wow . 
  can you please borrow me 5 $ so i can build myself one ? 
  i 've been renting all this time unaware of this possibility . 
  if it costs a dozen million , you cut it by 100 rent , and a 20 years and there you have it , it 's refunded . 
  so explain to me why 50y old building still have 1k in rent over 200 people ? 
  yeah it 's just raw profits . 
  i think we should implement a rent-to-buy system for social housing ( people who repaid the flat by renting it long enough should own it ) . 
  that would largely reduce the all-renting problem . 
   besides , it wo n't cost you anything even in the us if you have insurance . 
  that 's flatly not true . 
  most insurances have all laundry lists of exceptions and excuses not to cover . 
  whether `` oh the teeth are different '' or `` oh the eyes are different coverage too '' or `` that 's an assault and not an accident , sue the person that assaulted you to get a refund we wo n't pay '' or `` we do n't cover accidents like this due to xxx clause in the home insurance of the one owning the place you were at '' or ...  you can if you get a much cheaper insurance that only covers rarer and more dangerous illnesses and injuries and pay for everything else out of your pocket . 
  see above . 
  there 's always some fine print for them so that you need to sue them with a lawyer to get them to pay . 
  it 's almost like they want to make it a calculus `` loss vs legal costs '' for most people . 
   it 's not like cough syrup costs a fortune when it 's 100 $ a bottle and 500 $ the bottle of antibiotics ... well yep , looks like we got another case of `` give us all your money now or die '' , again . 
  ps : yes a bad case of common cold can actually kill you ( or damage your voice box ) . 
   however , policies like that are quite rare afaik . 
  no , they are not . 
   are the scammers those who offer you a service for a price , or the ones that do n't ask and just shove a service into your hands and take your money without question , often a shittier service and/or more money than the first group ? 
  refusing healtcare due to legal smallprints in a `` contract '' shoved on you everytime you need care for survival do qualify as a scam . 
  demanding so much wealth for it too that 1 million people fill for bankruptcy on that per year do seem to qualify for it too . 
   france does not have a socialist regime in rule . 
  well , not communist , no , but `` economical socialist '' yes . 
  we do have a state ran public healthcare system . 
  the private one is not banned , but generally it 's so hard for them to fight with `` free healthcare 1h wait in er '' and a lot of fixed prices for a lot of treatments that apart high end clinics most do n't try . 
   there were food shortages , there were shortages of gas and other resources , yes yes france the failed country \u00b2 where the power bill costs you 90 $ / mo instead of $ 600 for the same in quali , and where the local carrefour has just as much as wallmart in the us . 
   the buildings that the government built were shit , maybe you should n't try save a buck on every last rivet bolted down then . 
  i mean , there are worst places to live in than french hlm : http://www.angersmag.info/les-bailleurs-sociaux-donnent-une-autre-image-des-hlm_a7203.html http://www.rivp.fr/le-patrimoine/realisations-marquantes/209-213-rue-lafayette-10e/ then you might argue that it concentrate all the poors in one neighborhood that create social troubles . 
  that 's another thing . 
  but it 's not exactly the bronx either . 
   good thing you got the american healthcare to talk about , that 's the only talking point for modern socialists . 
  what about other industries ? 
  utilities ? 
  defense ? 
  a lot is state ran or the state as a close interest in . 
  food ? 
  the state does n't control everything , but as interests enough in at least a few companies & subsidies a lot of farmers to ensure the prices do n't skyrockets . 
  the point is not to make the private sector illegal . 
  the point is to * at least * make a decent offer that forces company to either innovate upon or not use monopoly scam prices nobody will pay for . 
   for that you get overcrowded hospitals , patients being released days earlier because there are no beds available , underpaid doctors who do n't give a shit about how well they do their job and will not give you thorough examinations well i could make the same description of a lot of for profit hospitals ; because busy scrimping on wages and beds to save some more profits . 
   on top of that you get waiting lists for all sorts of medical examinations . 
  as opposed to hospitals that have to send you to another state `` because we do n't have the needed equpments and specialists here '' ? 
   none , i repeat , none of these things apply to american healthcare ahahah . 
   people there might go to mexico or canada for minor treatments that have become expensive due to the costly insurance , no , because they simply ca n't even afford to see any of the doc ; so they take a loan , hollidays abroad and get home treated . 
  because it 's simply still 10x cheaper even if they go on a spending spree . 
  if they are to get in debts either way ...  but for something really serious , people from all over the world travel to the us . 
  tbh that 's partly why i personnally feel like open borders is a good thing ( immigration issue not withstanding ; quota of people getting * in * could be reinstalled from the looks of it ) . 
  if you fail , people try to get * out * of your country . 
  if you succeed , they try to get in . 
  an excellent indicator of how well things run . 
  well ; there is significant overlap in leadership between the front national ( which litterally translate as `` french national front '' ) and their buddies the `` identitaires '' ( `` ultra nationalists '' ) which you might somehow recognize by their habbits : http://reflexes.samizdat.net/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/grosse-ambiance.jpg http://info.arte.tv/sites/default/files/thumbnails/image/000_par7585365.jpg ( oh but true , sorry , they rose both arms this time so it 's `` totally not an hitlerian salute '' ) my point is not to harass them , but damn i hope they wont go anywhere near the presidential seat . 
   why are you going on and on about trump ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  the fn is just the french branch of the nazi party that does n't dare say so because they still have enough political common sense to save their real program for if ( when , at least in their head ) they get marine to the presidential seat . 
   are you saying the fn is advocating that we put muslims in camps ? 
  no they want to mass deport them to algeria  yes , of course , they 'll torpedo migrant boats and shred the survivors with giant propellers too , they 're evil right ? 
  they would actually order the navy to shoot at immigrant boats on sight `` because they refused to turn away '' . 
   and wow , they seek power , last rivet in this ironclad argument .
