  again , from experience , this is false again . 
  renting means you are dependant paycheck from paycheck . 
  if you loose your income , you 're a month from homelessness in a lot of countries . 
  and do n't talk to me about the social safety net preventing evictions , because it 's the one the torries & republicans have been hell bent on systematically dismantling and i 've seen the results in the us ( `` rumors '' floating around suggests about 3m people experienced homelessness there in 2012 , childrens included ) . 
   if residential real estate were a fantastic investment , lenders would be buying that real estate themselves which they do . 
  which is why for most citizens it 's impossible to buy a home in a big town where the jobs are now , like london  not giving the money to homebuyers bingo . 
   and stupidly watching the homeowner scoop up the gains . 
  then it 'll end up like paris where a dozen speculators owns half the city 's land and there is only high price rent everywhere , further driving everyone into poverty while making land owners perpetually richer . 
  it also causes homelessness to rise , and price out a major part of the city out of the area . 
  hence , land speculation is a major problem too . 
   there are some positive externalities to homeownership -- if people care about their neighborhoods due to financial interest , they 'll be less-likely to trash them . 
  i see you are still living in your world of `` people only buy houses to speculate on the value '' while most workers want to to buy one not to end up homeless for the lack of money to pay a rent constantly getting jacked up year after year . 
  and current prices , low wages and land speculation by banks and a few make it impossible for them . 
  edit : relevant : https://www.theguardian.com/theobserver/she-said/2014/apr/06/priced-out-of-the-capital-city-london-is-losing-its-lustre-for-younger-people https://www.theguardian.com/cities/2014/mar/07/paris-storage-cupboard-illegal-renting-expensive http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-california-suburbs-growing-fast-as-many-priced-out-of-cities-data-shows-20160502-story.html http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/a096d1d0-d2ec-11e2-aac2-00144feab7de.html http://calwatchdog.com/2014/12/22/are-millennials-being-priced-out-of-california/ http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/15/realestate/priced-out-of-my-childhood-home.html https://www.dnainfo.com/new-york/20160225/crown-heights/even-people-who-earn-100k-year-fear-theyll-be-priced-out-of-new-york, 
  let 's give more exposure to the victims than the murderers . 
  this is definitely one of the problematic trends of the economy that eats at wages dearly and force a number of people to rent lifelong instead of owning their homes . 
  i 'm not sure of a perfect solution tho , admittedly , even if rising wages ( and therefore minimal wage ) and other solutions fighting poverty in society could play a huge role in reducing it . 
   it irks me that those allmighty `` eu regulations '' are seen as some evil that limits countries ' freedoms . 
  the regulations are there to protect mine and everyone 's rights as consumers , workers , in doing business , protecting the enviroment etc. 
  yeah but it steps in the way of maximum profit in their head so neoliberal propaganda dictates they have to attack it . . : x, 
  brexiters advocating to leave the free market might want to see that video to see what they want to loose/leave , it 's very clear and 5min long ... 
  those allegations are pretty disturbing . 
  especially looking at such numbers . 
   and that cultural and religious differences did n't matte i wo n't say that they do n't . 
  but i think we have a shot at an united europe that does n't end up in blood again  it was wildly popular at the time , but oh , look at what happened . 
  nasser died of a hearth attack and all the plan relied on him so it collapsed with him ? 
   at the end of the day , everybody needs something that can only come from a united europe . 
  that 's how you make objectives coincide and go in the same direction as long as possible . 
  it 's beneficial for everyone in the end, 
  well that would be helpfull in a number of cases , i have to agree with mr orban on that bit . 
  well ; that 's a lot of stolen money . 
  i 'm not sure i understand your post , sorry, 
  ... turning on your own body guards ? 
  or what . 
  greece does not have to cooperate with turkish purges . 
  furthermore , turkey is only conforting the persecution-based asylum claim of the fleeing personnal . 
  i would go further and suggest that turkey is starting to make a huge ... 
  mistake by prosecuting and purging people in numbers unseen since the soviet union was still a thing . 
   no expectation , just a statement of fact . 
  erhhh no . 
  i 'm pretty sure about what i intended to write . 
  it is my suspicions bruxelles wants freedom of circulation from london in return of financial passporting & free market access & such . 
   norway style - full access to single market , includes freedom of movement  swiss style - lots of bilateral treaties , if uk wants single market access , freedom of movement will be included your 2 first cases are exactly what i 'm talking about and maintain freedom of movement . 
   wto style : basic trade agreements , anything can be negotiated on top of that if both sides agree . 
  no freedom of movement necessary . 
  in which case they get no special access to eu free markets , have to pay wto tarrifs on any trade , loose physical access to the continent and of course financial passeporting . 
  eu expects to keep freedom of movement ... 
  yet poverty keep rising . 
  so how about rising the minimal wage . 
  yeah sarkozy had 7cm high cheating shoes the same way :d, 
  well i certainly do have to agree that it is worrying and would be a roadblock . 
  eu countries are not allowed to have death penalty ( even france abolished it ) . 
  legitimate defense on the battlefield is one thing , but executing prisonners ( especially in potentially very large numbers , especially on the basis of political clean ups ) is dark news indeed . 
  if he start forcing out eu citizens without leaving the eu he face economic sanctions and/or loosing part of eu funding for breaching the eu base markets agreements . 
  damn those are the time i 'm thinking we should negociate with other big countries whether they need or not visa for the entire eu . 
  not sub country by sub country . 
  that 's a very serious situation . 
  but they could really use official cash transferts to address it ( not just money smuggled in ), 
  \\* groans out loud \\* now that article is trolling a bit . 
  i mean they 're endangering their own economy if they leave the eu free market , something that can ( in fact ) be largely addressed at the click of a pen ( mostly by joigning the eea instead ) . 
  what we ca n't ( could n't , wo n't ) fix by brute forcing it ~ ~ / cheating ~ ~ is * attitude * , what 's in their mind , a very different thing . 
  but if they 're willing to extend a hand and address the problems plaguing their country like poverty and/or want our help in reality , a lot of the technical difficulties can still be simply rewritten/waved away , no matter how bad the situation currently is . 
  ( hence why to be honest i really , really liked may 's intro speech as a pm . 
  to me that sounded like a willingness to admit & tackle the issues in her country , ie some of the best possible first steps , regardless of relations with the eu . 
  we can quietly provide tools to help address some of the issues like poverty or budget deficits but can only do so if they want to address them and the money is n't stolen ) . 
   britain , or at least tory britain , no longer aspires to be a leading western power . 
  now that 's a ridiculous sentance/accusation tssk tsssk . 
   she does n't need a foreign secretary who is taken seriously in foreign capitals . 
  well if they angle at shaking the eu 's hand despite leaving us ( maintening good diplomatic/economic relations ) , they less need it because we can provide the market nego weight yes , and britain would be able to get more of the market * despite * bj 's sovereignty/brexit antics . 
   hemisphere : a small trading nation , an offshore home for russian , chinese , malaysian and nigerian money , a place comfortable with oligarchs of all kinds -- even with americans , as long as they have cash -- and very distant from old thatcherite ideals about democracy and rule of law . 
  good point , is this the uk the average citizen would like to live on , one only designed for foreign oligarchs and wealthy ? 
  : / i wish for the uk 's population it 's best luck , whether in or out of the eu . 
   but [ corbyn ] is even more vehemently uninterested in the west , in britain 's alliances in europe and the united states , in british influence and british power . 
  [ ... ] it 's worth asking whether he still cares much about parliamentary democracy at all . 
  his vision of britain , to the extent that he has articulated one , is of a radically isolationist country ashamed of its history . 
  hey !, 
  pretty sure that 's not true !, 
  regarding his refusal of resignation , it was in large part because it was * blairites * that wanted him to resign ( so they could recover power ) . 
  he refused to hand back the control of labour * to them * after iraq , because they 're seen as an extremely negative fringe that heavily damaged the country in iraq . 
  this is a very different thing in my humble opinion . 
   i hope very much to be proved wrong . 
  but i am afraid that without the anchor of europe , the regular meetings with allies , the sheer weight of germany , france and the rest , the british political class will prove even easier to buy off than ever before . 
  excuses will be made for russian aggression in eastern europe . 
  justifications will be given for chinese aggression in the south china sea . 
  foreigners will have an ever greater say in the laws and decisions made inside britain , too . 
  this is how the world works : if you are no longer trying to set the rules of the game , you have to assume that others will set them instead . 
  good points , but to be honest , for all they hate us , the torries did n't created the mess in ukraine either ; unlike iraq i suspect they have little responsability in what happened in ukraine . 
  as for the south china sea issue , i suspect a bigger key player in it if i dare say so might be the usa , which pivoted largely to asia too . 
  they have a much bigger interest in asian affairs than we do ( i mean we have some like protecting the integrity of japan , taiwan china or maybe hk , sk , sing , nz and aus , and various other ex commonwealth and big western friendly nations , but i see the us going a lot further than just that ; so i suspect the eu is likely to refer a lot to the usa on south china sea and asia questions . 
  at least at my own level i 'd tend to follow them on the topic and put reservations as needed ) . 
  agreed , i admit i 'm cautiously optimistic there  let 's hope it carries into politics, 
  i suspect it 's less a length than severity issue . 
  a bit like greece . 
  so he accelerated the planning . 
  okay . 
  well i guess may 's mettle will be tested again pretty fast with the brexit situation . 
  edit : admittedly her speech does show she understand some of the key problems the uk do currently face ( including poverty , inequality ) . 
  even as a foreigner across the channel , it is reassuring to hear in a way . 
  how are german banks `` fucked '' ??? 
  are you sure you are n't imagining things ?
