   and juncker is cozying up to putin anyway . 
  yes and no , he 's acting diplomatically because we have to live with those guys . 
  russia 's not going anywhere . 
  stepping on their feet every time they send red tanks and troops above the border is one thing , but no point in harassing them needlessly . 
  besides , daesh 's a bigger problem right now . 
  that 's just the tip of the iceberg . 
  everything from the highways to corruption fight to police reform to airplanes in romania come from western money . 
  now i 'm not asking for specific favors from romania , but at least let us run our damn budget so we can keep current funding projects running without bankrupting for bullshit legalese reasons . 
  we 're basically funding 4 war fronts ( ukraine , mali , car , and syria/iraq ) ( plus others i wo n't mention , and a number of humanitarian operations ) , a part of eastern europe , foreign help for a number of countries , an economic crisis at home and a refugee crisis , all that on top of running the country normally . 
  because no other country apart germany and uk can help us pay those bills or will bother . 
  so that we 're vaguely out of legal safety margins seems like decent management to me despite the laws . 
  actually i have a problem with a party founded by waffen ss and funded by russian ldpr money ending up in power in my country . 
  for some reason . 
  and , i disagree , those a policy issues . 
  if you put the interests of you ending up in power above the interests of our nation , then maybe you wo n't be the best leader ever ... 
   what are they talking about ? 
  to be honest , it 's all about the context behind the story . 
  in that story proper , not much . 
  however , marine le pen is the leader of a party called the `` front national '' which is accused ( rightly so ? ), 
  of being a barely disguised nazi party . 
  they 're more or less the french golden dawn . 
  and she run for president . 
  so they are watching her very carefully and hopping she do a misstep so we can all push her aside from the elections . 
  i do however think they could have attacked her on actually valid points instead like occult funding and their badly concealed ties to neonazi youth organizations . 
  yeah they could have found something better to nail her than some misremembered wording . 
  like the occult funding of identitaires or who founded the fn party , their negationist friends or similar . 
  now that 's an interesting one . 
  they should make any expense above x $ / month public ( like 500 ? 
  ) , imho . 
  small amounts allowing not to harass them everytime they buy a metro ticket , but public above a floor to prevent them from buying a new car on public expenses . 
  rules are there for a reason , which is something we have to consider ( here , macro economics ) . 
  altho lawful stupid is n't an option either . 
   if france broke more rules and in the end it worked out , i 'd like to see it in favour of some kind of change . 
  on the other hand it 's a gamble and those do n't always pay off . 
  despite supporting it in that case , it 's hard to shake the feeling that the more closely we follow them in a general manner the better . 
  spirit of the law versus letter of the law . 
  well ; that list would almost seem reasonable ( apart maybe point 10 right now ) . 
  not uk citizen tho so wo n't vote edit : and obviously nobody will dissolve the mi5 and certainly not downgrade police rightnow . 
  wait what . 
  is he drunk ? 
  dismantling their services at the high of a terrorism crisis ? 
   still we ca n't break them so easily . 
  i suspect if you had difficulties finding cash for paying the bills at the same scale you would have the same kind of deficit autorizations in reality . 
  it 's more of a case by case . 
  like if we wanted to half our debts toward western countries like greece did people would currently laugh us out of the room , power or not . 
  so it 's case by case . 
   it 's about power . 
  not really , we already have that one and do n't really need to manipulate things . 
  i mean , we could have easily fudged the numbers and passed the whole thing quietly under the table ( like several east eu countries actually do ... ) but did n't because there 's enough fraud already so we do n't need to add our own ( altho if things blow out of proportion i might obviously regret it / s ) . 
   by the deleterious impact it has on the project by abjectly failing to stick to the rules it sets itself . 
  abjectly ? 
  deletious ? 
  why not go to `` litterally hitler/staline/mao '' if you are going with absurd hyperboles . 
  besides , no the ( very mild ) deficit is basically what allows us to pay the bills and therefore run the eu . 
  no money , no eu . 
   everyone looks at france breaking all the rules riiight . 
  now it becomes `` all the rules '' . 
  more hyperbole . 
   figures that 's the way the game is well ; the second romania start contributing half what we contribute to the eu instead of being a pit where we sink a hundred plus billions a year , then yes they 'll get the same rights to twist a bit the economic rules . 
  because , right now , we 're basically the ones bankrolling them with germany . 
  so if we need to borrow a bit to keep going , we will or there wo n't be any more blank checks for eastern europe because we wo n't be able to afford them 10 years from now . 
  that money has to come from somewhere . 
  hopefully we will catch them . 
  in weeks or month the victim will leave the hospital , while the bandits wo n't leave jail for quite some time . 
   not sure why the mods labelled this story as ` unclear ' haaretz is the israeli ~ ~ pravda ~ ~ sputniknews ? 
  the nyt made an article tho , which means it happened : http://www.nytimes.com/live/paris-attacks-live-updates/jewish-teacher-stabbed-in-marseilles-isis-claims-responsibility/  and that one of them was wearing an islamic state t-shirt . 
  okay , we need to treat it like a nazi flag . 
  unacceptable in public in euro countries . 
  one less thing to worry about in the immediate . 
  now about those other sleepers ... 
   you should n't . 
  is there no mechanism in the eu to share the burden for these issues ? 
  basically no . 
  the common defense treaty is purely defensive and do n't include going in countries like car or cote d'ivoire , that were n't engaged in active terrorism against an eu state . 
  there 's also the fact that the eu military massively rely on france + uk that do half the defense spending there ( due to our large reliance on the american military in the framework of nato ) . 
  for example i intend no disrespect to the italians ( who would probably be a very serious force in local defense ) ; but i clearly do n't see them handling bullshit on the level of car alone . 
  hell , we have trouble with it too . 
  on the other hand we are also large contributors to the eu budget ( the second one , after germany ) , so breaking that rule also allows us to help other countries around who gets a net benefit from it too . 
  now economically speaking if romania break that rule they cause a slight money loss . 
  so we 're not poking at that rule `` because raw raw fuck the law '' or just because we can but there 's an economic justification behind it . 
  ( we 're not running away with their money , if anything else we will contribute a bit more due to any gdp increase ) ( that said , we could also cut a bit of slack of romania there agreed . 
  or maybe help them with using more of the unused subsidies & reallocate some to help their budget maybe ? 
  they mentionned an audit the other day that pointed out large unused subsidies just siting around , i 'm sure romania could use a bit of that ), 
  that 's actually an interesting one . 
  thought crossed my mind tbh . 
  language is already mandatory ( or should be ) to get any nationality , but posing it as a condition to enter will force people to integrate a minimum to come in . 
  the slight issue i have on that case tho is that refugees in syria proper do n't always have the time to learn it before running . 
  on the other hand , if they come by a safe camp like in jordan or turkey , yeah we can definitely ask for it ( and since that 's how the uk pick them , go for it uk ! ) . 
  distributing language texbooks to the interested could also help, 
  good news from turkey for once . 
  we could sure use those . 
  there was one video circulating of a ( raid ? ), 
  cop down so no it 's not just minor injuries . 
   4 police injured damn , everything goes so fast . 
  glad they got them tho, 
  that 's not a row that 's a very mild comment . 
  i mean , not 10 days ago they were repeating how palestine is litterally `` responsible for the holocaust '' . 
  oh that picture is nice . 
  congrats ( and thank you ), 
   try 300 .
