  must have been quite the display in the north , 
  to be entirely fair i do n't think it 's actually linked to the bombing campaign , despite what it looks like . 
  i mean take it the other way : which country did not ~ ~ successfully bribed ~ ~ attempted to bribe sarkozy ? 
  xd half of his campaign funding has been labeled of `` curious origin '' by various accountants . 
  ( no joke ), 
  damn should have painted those planes :d nice shot tho, 
   this is quite rich , considering the eu still ows the uk almost # 20bn in missed payments . 
  that 's accounting fraud on the uk side . 
  you ca n't possibly tell me straight faced that 's it 's normal that you pay 30 % less than italy , which is a bankrupt country heading the same way than greece . 
   put your tinfoil hat away . 
  i 'm afraid the ukip funding , neither the invasion of ukraine , were not tinfoil . 
   how does an eu army not undermine nato if it will have ultimate control over nato troops ? 
  it does not have control over `` nato '' troops '' . 
  instead of handing over all their soldiers and supply to american nato generals and abandonning the question , countries will make standardization and cooperation plans on their own too with their neighbors . 
  the reason why france had to leave nato after wwii was because the us gov of that era basically asked us to hand over all our troops and ressources and basically abolish our own staff , military procuration , custom hardware etc. 
  now we 're not at that point just yet ; but we need to be able to feed or equip our soldiers if nato generals are all ordered out by dc . 
   have i stumbled into / r/conspiricy by accident ? 
  you sound like a total loon . 
  i 'm going to laugh because one of those day banking statements of prominent ukip and media owner people will end up leaked to wikileaks if this goes on . 
   the eu rebate is a correction which the uk gets to solve an imbalance in the system let 's cut the chase . 
  between the rebate , the payments ending up `` late '' , `` banking accidents '' , curious gdp calculations 20 % below reality , and simple fraud on what has been declared on the uk budget and what has been paid to the eu , half the money that should have been paid to the eu has simply disappeared en route in a blackhole . 
  * you are de facto paying 30 % less than bankrupt italy . 
  *  you ca n't suddenly start claiming that we are n't paying members when we have paid everything we were asked to contribute . 
  whether you are in the exact letter of the law or not , when countless billions of # / $ of contribution money have disappeared in a couple decades years after years , i will call that corruption and fraud . 
  a bit like when apple & mcdonalds are above taxes but `` it 's not fraud it 's legal '' . 
  right . 
   what does this even mean ? 
  you pretend that opposing an eu army is the uk 's interests . 
  except it is n't . 
  it is the interest of the kremlin , that is bribing ukip-aligned politicians to push such an idea in uk politics . 
   none of those people are members of ukip ... you are playing with words once again . 
  yes they do not hold party card , but they do run exactly the same agenda , policy , and i would n't be surprized if they shared some of that foreign funding . 
   you claim that the eu army wo n't undermine nato , but then you go on to say that the eu army will be sovereign . 
  no , i claim that an eu army is needed because the current plan is `` let america handle the entire defense '' and that if trump surrender to the russians that is going to mean `` the eu has officially no army , no staff , no commanding officers and no chain of supply willing to hold it 's border '' . 
   it is our concern if it is weakened by the eu . 
  it is my utmost concern that the corruption gnawing at the uk and the extreme amount of cynism there is simply beggining to endanger the entire european union . 
  by trying to veto the european common defense policy , you are endangering us all . 
  in which case , the best interest of the most toxic member that has been scaming its way out of paying it 's due , and has several ministers funded by foreign money ; might end up secondary compared to the long term safety of the european union . 
   i ca n't believe that a french person would be arguing in favour of an eu army without britain . 
  i am openly starting to question whether `` the uk are just defending their interest '' is n't a cover up to ask the kremlin for more bribe money in exchange for sabotaging our defenses . 
   you realise that your country will be providing the bulk of the forces , yes ? 
  that is ( partly ) why we have built our army to such extent , yes . 
   as long as the uk pays billions to be a member of the eu , they have a right to vote how they please - just like any other member state . 
  well yeah about that i guess if it really comes to that we can actually put back on the table the payment fraud . 
  because , no , you did n't paid like the others . 
  you might want to check that one out . 
  if only to quote the self awarded retroactive `` tatcher discount '' which everyone had politely aknowledged as a gesture at the time . 
  then there is all that somewhat original declared gdp tinkering to lower asked payments too that 'd make irish accountants proud . 
   the uk government will do what they think is in the countries best interests second problem . 
  european states are also aiming for the collective eu best interests . 
  not just the interests of a few corrupt politicians who like counting their roubles and stealing money . 
   as long as they are a member which you will soon not be anymore since last i heard you were leaving either way ? 
   ukip does n't have nearly as much influence on the uk as you seem to think they do boris johnson and davies or liam fox where both toeing an oddly similar line last i heard . 
   which one will hold the higher authority ? 
  eu authorities in the eu . 
  not nato . 
   nato wants to deploy troops into a country , but the eu does n't ... what happens ? 
  eu countries & bruxelles are sovereign . 
   nato is basically the eu plus several other strong nations . 
  you are willfully trying to misrepresente the situation . 
  both the chain of command and the logistics are massively dominated , if not monopolized by the us armed forces . 
  removing them ( e.g : in case of abrupt unilaterral withdrawal ) without another staff reading to take over instead would essentially defacto behead nato . 
  which is obviously what putin would count on . 
   it makes no sense to make nato weaker in favour of a smaller european alliance . 
  in no case you are concerned anyway since you are currently working on leaving the european union . 
   i do n't know where people on / r/europe get the idea that brexiters want the rest of europe to suffer . 
  no i think the wannabe puppet master behind them chose to ignore for ego reasons that several of his advisers are paid by the kremlin which does neither has always the eu nor the uk 's ( let alone nato 's ) best intentions in mind . 
  sarkozy had tried a metaphor ( a rethorical comparison ) and erh , lost himself in the picture and started going astray in the fancy words . 
   `` if you want to become french , you speak french , you live like the french and you do n't try and change a way of life that has been ours for so many years , '' sarkozy said , emphasizing the importance of immigrants embracing french values . 
  he might have a point tho . 
   if french identity has changed radically over the centuries , the implication seems to be that the frenchmen of the past were n't really french . 
  well excuse me . 
  we kindah had a number of royal douches in power that destroyed the more advanced roman era and brought it down to an analphabetic bathless concreteless potablewaterless dark age for 99 % of the population by enforcing book religion at sword/gun point and as a result we felt like showing them the door when people starved too much on top of it . 
   really ? 
  louis xiv ? 
  montaigne ? 
  all not french ? 
  what were they then ? 
  1 \u00b0 ) a giant douche 2 \u00b0 ) somebody living under a giant douch 3 \u00b0 ) another victim living under the giant douch era, 
  i assume this is going to fly so well with the anti immigration crowd and rupert murdoch ( wait where n't you lads telling us that you opposed even the visa free because , supposedly , `` 10 millions ~ ~ poles ~ ~ turks are going to move in london in 2 years '' ? 
  and now you want them in by yesterday , i have to admit i find that curious ), 
  hi from europeans ;-), 
  with all due respects , please , remind me , why do the people that howl to the wind they want nothing to do with the eu thinks they should decide how other eu countries should run their own military against their very own wishes ? 
  nobody will force the uk to join something like that . 
  you do n't want to join an eu army , we get it , no issue . 
  but i do n't see how the uk that are abandonning the eu have a voice on other countries internal defense projects ; especially in light that they might have to prepare to make do without any assistance from the uk ( and so rely on the rest of the eu instead ) . 
  edit : and to be blunt i 'm saying this because when i read `` it 's to undermine nato '' ; i know where that argument is coming from ( ukip handlers & consorts ) . 
  still with respect ; there is a serious risk that if trump is elected he might pull all his troops away from europe and/or surrender to the kremlin ( like the original yanukovich plan , imagine at the end of a second trump mandate ... like roughly 8-9 years from now ) . 
  in which case it would be preferable to have an already operational in-europe chain of command & supplies ; instead of relying only on withdrawing americans . 
  so of course some brexiters would love to see us deadly dependant on nato just to pull the rug from under our feets . 
  they 're litterally paid to push for that . 
  i definitely regard the americans as allies and partners , and i would rather avoid another major war with another major power ( read : russia trying to walk in the baltics ) if we can avoid it ; but i 'd rather we 'd be able to stand on our own legs if the need appear . 
  that said , more prosaically it 's unlikely to be needed soon , but it 's better to start planting the trees now ... 
   the reason they are protesting is because of deceases / lack of vaccination of the refugees . 
  ah , makes sense . 
  in france we had mandatory vaccination campaigns in schools at regular intervals . 
  maybe they can do the same ( take a morning and mass vaccinate the kids ) ? 
  vaccination prices in bulk are actually pretty low ( like a few $ per dose ) and if it comes to that maybe the rest of the eu can pitch in a few bucks ... ( \\* waves at msf * \\ ), 
  well yeah i guess romanian miners do n't have to constantly spend their lives doding police forces and manufacturing alibis or framing rivals for all the money they stole day long in their career . 
  buddying with the mafia probably is n't good for life expectancy either .
