  ) ; prisoners do convert each others ; we have regular problems of radicalization in prison in europe actually, 
  well ; if i were them i 'd look at other eu countries around germany instead to boost my chances . 
  germany 's kinda overloaded ... 
   the company wanted me to pay some 45,000 euros in damages ( the average salary in romania is 420 euros per month after tax ) and reveal the identity of my main source . 
  so , journalist intimidation . 
   now they had a regular eight-hour day and could choose to stay longer for overtime pay \\* nod \\*  wages could be up to three months late , she said . 
  yeah that 's not ok ...  after the protest about my article and an attempt by the factory to find the sources , things seemed to improve , cristina said . 
  workers started getting their wages regularly , they could work fewer hours and new employees joined them . 
  `` it 's because of the inspectors , '' so cracking down on unpaid wages did work here :o), 
   the hope is that the mutual dependency agreed for missile manufacturing could eventually be a blueprint for more cost-effective defence procurement and technology development in other areas . 
  that said , here is a decent idea to actually cut costs while keeping to work on it : cooperation !, 
   has the guardian ever published an article that does n't make the uk seem like the worst place in the world ? 
  i think their point is to point out the issue , hoping to get the gov to react and realize that abolishing the nhs/cutting the system to death is n't going to work either . 
  you ca n't just stick your head in the sand and pretend `` it 's not the worst place in the world so there is no issue '' . 
  because that does n't work and cuts ends up hitting you too in the end . 
   seems reasonable to assume that if you can volunteer , you can do paid work just as well . 
  ... it should probably be a doctor 's call ... 
  charming : /  the attitude is all wrong . 
  rather than give people benefits then try and help them find ways to work , get education etc to help them around their disability they just do their best to make people lives miserable . 
  is n't one of the main problem is the idea that anyone that gets benefit is n't somebody they ought to help but `` a parasite '' even if they worked their arses their entire life and the `` conservative politicians '' who decided that inherited ( ... or embezzled ) all their wealth ? 
   ukraine need not be poor , but corrupt officials have systematically pillaged the country , robbing ukrainians of the prosperity that should be theirs . 
  yeah it 's an european habit really . 
  : x  today , many of the reform initiatives we began have come to a halt . 
  just this week , ms. marushevska resigned from her post . 
  is there anyway for saakashvili to make a wishlist and pass it to the americans so they can see what is reasonable in it pressure kiev a bit with it ? 
  that said , good luck to him and his new party, 
   this is a sleight of hand . 
  it sounds legit but it is n't . 
   every quarter , when employment figures come out , such headlines are common across the british right-wing press . 
  the sun did the same in may ( to make the case for brexit ) . 
  the daily mail , express , telegraph and the spectator are all also guilty of such misleading headlines . 
  that 'd be nice if the press stopped outright lying too ...  in other words , if boris johnson gets a new job , he is counted as a ` foreign-born worker taking a british job ' by the press as he was born in the u.s. . it 's absurd !, 
  especially as boris johnson does n't do that much work . 
  haha  in fact most of it is churn , and most of the new jobs are taken up by british workers the important bit, 
  nah he 's off the chart and got removed from the statistics as an anomaly :d, 
  damn . 
  it does underline that the population 's poverty issue in the east will need to be fixed at some point ( ie find them a way to earn legit money so they do n't need to ressort to mafia tricks ) ; and ie solving the economy first ... 
  the coast guard needs to put boat people rescued back in libya/tunisia/egypt : /, 
  i did n't meant that he was paid by the gov to shill by any standards ( those generally hide their affiliation ) . 
  he stroke me more of a russian patriot `` true believer '' from the balkans, 
  i 'm aware it 's a weapon designation thank you very much, 
  good point . 
  that expose other politicians to huge temptation, 
   uk was a net contributor . 
  ah , yes , the famous 350 millions a week ? 
    eusceptics have to pay taxes to brussels too you mean the money that was stolen by tory authorities ? 
   edit : to clarify , a lot of the missing money was found in panama & other similar places ; but it 's probably like 10 % of the occidental money pool that was recovered ( and english-originated money was spent/allocated in the uk ) ... panama/caiman/comoro / etc fiscal heavens are bleeding occidental economies ( hence all the pressure to crack down on fraud/evasion/offshoring so that it 's not sinked away again just as fast : x ), 
  you know this is n't true . 
  money flowed bruxelles  london , not the other way around in reality . 
   that is where i wanted the money to be spent there is no `` anti eu grant '' , regardless of how you want bruxelles to spend it 's money . 
  this is n't what the eu citizens want . 
  looks like ukip is just as corrupt too . 
   and denied a further $ 501,000 in eu grants for breaking european rules that ban spending eu money on national election campaigns and referendums . 
  is n't that kinda hypocritic to ask for half a million to bruxelles to pay anti-eu pr campaigns ? 
  well he not on any official office anymore & not in a position to embezzle policy so that does n't shock me as much i guess it 's the politician equivalent of the book/war movie deal, 
  haha , 9a4172 is an openly pro russian regular poster that used to hang on ukrainianconflict, 
  this is one of the better guardian articles , that was kindah missin lately . 
  ah , near-eu 's ukraine seems still majorly affected too . 
  yeah the place look kindah nice :o), 
  tomb looting is nothing new . 
  even the pyramids famously suffered it . 
  it 's not a-ok but to be honest since it 's not a touristic major site here , the living ought to come first ; let them put that steel to good use instead of rotting on the sea bed \\* shrug *, 
  scavenged for scrap metal to repair hulls of working ships and similar ? 
  great !, 
  this is n't about `` provoking russia '' , no . 
  ukraine 's stability is of everyone 's actual interest in the area ( yes , even russia 's even if they did n't knew it ) . 
  ^ ( i dunno the rtc battery of my phone gave up and it was telling `` 2006 '' - factory date - on reboot a couple minutes ago ), 
  if the `` pokemon '' where murderous , half insane and plotting the end of the world, 
  that very moment where you are not sure whether this is satire or not at that point, 
  nice catch, 
  that is true : s despair is plagging the greek society, 
  very interesting to keep in a corner ; staffers might probably be interested by keeping an eye on the newsletter, 
  ^ ( just ex-cis things ), 
   ( and stopping pirates raiding commercial vessels ) . 
  admittedly it 's cheaper to wage their police than a single ransom demand or heavy rescue op ... plus the loss of a cargo ship and all it 's onboard cargo can quickly reach the bad losses domain and operating the navy in the area to protect them costs a loooooot of money too, 
  it does n't take very high tech to built such a plant tbh . 
  mirrors , some coolant , steam turbines and a big honkin ' tower in the middle . 
  clever design . 
   fillon ( presumably ) a centre-centrist ? 
  melenchon merely left ? 
  a well researched piece by the independent , as ever . 
  ^ have to agree there ah . 
  fillon is * very * right wing ( think almost libertarian ) and melenchon well within the red left . 
  he did let his pm lower housing welfare quickly within his mandate so that was pretty poorely received, 
   the notion that trade between europe and africa is inherently colonial seems sort of racist . 
  ^ this , i do n't see why we ca n't pay a fair price for supplies just because they also come from africa ... 
   yeah , katyn and the countless other mass murders throughout soviet occupied eastern europe in 1939-1941 were all just part of the defensive plan for fighting the nazis . 
  no , i agree with you that part was unacceptable and even borderline genocidal too , and that the soviet suprem leader stalin lost his damn mind . 
  that also implies a failure in the inner circle for failing to restraint him earlier for fear of impeding the war effort : / . 
  but admittedly i 'm wondering whether there would have been a way to push him out before the inevitable happened and win the war anyway without higher costs . 
  i guess that counts as an accurate representation of the late foreign policy ... 
  okay minus the `` getting trump & the gop in the kremlin 's pocket '' bit . 
  that one was a bit subtler , admittedly . 
  long story short , the nazis would have came anyway so the mr pact was basically a lie to the nazis ( both stalin and hitler intended to murder each others ) buying time to the red army to regroup and rally . 
  because at that point stalin had murdered too many red army officers in his bullshit purges so it was n't up to speed anymore and needed at least 3/4 months to recover if they wanted better chances in later offensives inevitably to come ; under what the nazis later called barbarossa . 
  of course i 'm suspecting you 're not going gon na accept that answer , but well ... 
  so army commanders that had any influence and had a dim view of the nazis did n't touched it anyway , and used the opportunity to put advance fortifications , sleeping networks and supplies for later use, 
   what the fuck do the nazis even have to do with this ? 
  you do realize they 're the initial reason the red army left russia and walked west as far as berlin , right ? 
  because they invaded all of eastern europe and got as far as leningrade & stallingrade ( st petersburg & volgograde ) during operation barbarossa ; then the reds drove the nazi backs .
