  well france 's my home country and i can tell you nobody speaks latin there so ... ? 
  maybe some isolated church reads or sings things in latin/old greek/old hebrew/aramaic/w-e without understanding them but then that would n't be anything new . 
  well what do you think will happen when they run out of oil if they do n't reform their country before ... 
   my grandpa still had latin mass when he was a child ( in central romania ) . 
  under the soviet union ?!??? 
  that 's quite strange of an history . 
  or was it a lot earlier like 100/150 + y ago in an isolated backwater ? 
   do you have a source for the abolition of latin mass around the revolution ? 
  well long story short the french revolutionaries of that time where a bit bloodthirsty , and they kindah purged religion because it had too much power over the state . 
  like , they litterally massacred the clergy during a civil war because them and the royalists pretty much where one and the same : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_in_the_vend%c3%a9e so use of latin kind of went downhill from there and nowadays only scholars or people interested in the language or history learns it . 
  it 's not illegal at all but very few people speak it . 
  edit https://www.bostonglobe.com/ideas/2013/02/24/besides-pope-who-speaks-latin-today/cgxdgtqb4tlxv49hakjzbn/story.html, 
  they were partly slacking because they wanted to go easy on the ksa . 
  obviously , that did n't went as well as planned when their prodigy attendees started blowing people up . 
  i dunno about england , but in france , latin was about abolished around the revolution . 
   also , it 's not uncommon in many countries for minority churches to hold mass in the minority 's language but if they preach violence and killing in that language , they gon na get the same kind of visits from the police, 
  except the catholic church stopped using latin anywhere that is n't the vatican since centuries ? 
  99 % of priests do n't hold their speeches in latin or nobody would understand them, 
  well here 's the point you 're having trouble with : they were not promotting `` their culture '' . 
  that mosque was promoting the whole `` kill all the kuffars '' ( infidels ) when you listened in arabic ( while the preaching in other languages where pc sanitized versions ) . 
  which is kind of problematic for integration . 
  that mosque is part of the network that helped radicalize the bataclan/bruxelles terrorists sooooo ... 
  no , but using it to hide violent preaching from most people who do n't understand it is . 
  and that 's a frequent reason of why they really use it for preaching in violent mosques . 
  say , if people went in finland and used french to hide violent anti fin preaching in public with the expat community , plotted to prevent kids from learning finish , etc , your gov would quickly have a problem with it i think . 
   salafism is from the 19th century  salafis claim that historic figures such as ahmad ibn hanbal , ibn taymiyyah and ibn al-qayyim belonged to their movement . 
  but it 's a revival of dark age era philosophy . 
  they dismantled themselves most of their own social advances , including the ones brought by sciences and mathematics they invented centuries ago , and decided to go back to the desert camel herding era mentality . 
  smh, 
  it 's not about putting the screws , it 's about them not having a say in european culture since they seem a bit stuck in the salafist era 1500y ago ( the medieval dark age era in europe ) . 
   they assert that an insistence upon preaching in arabic does not encourage a parallel muslim society . 
  the language in belgium is french or dutch ( or even german ) . 
  how about they speak the local language if they want to stay here . 
   momenah deflects a question asking why his mosque , with its privileged position , has not undertaken steps to exert its influence over the hate preacher of molenbeek , whose views have been known for years . 
  wtf  the belgians allowed their saudi friends to train muslim imams to preach to the growing numbers of african and maghrebi immigrants coming into the country . 
  it gave the house of saud carte blanche to spread the message of salafism . 
  they 'll have to ~ ~ alter ~ ~ cut that part of the deal if they want to cut isis-like terrorism to it 's roots ... preachers should be locals with local training and knowledge of belgium culture . 
  not saudi emissaries . 
  i believe apologism and support of islamism terrorism is totally illegal . 
  why is n't he on trial ? 
  that does n't seem to stop the extremists preachers sent and paid by saudi arabia ? . 
   why do you feel entitled to change the religion and culture of the middle east i do n't . 
  people listen if they want . 
  we can only give options to people . 
   yet people like you keep raging about refugees and how you want to keep european culture safe from change ? 
  people like me ? 
  uh excuse me ? 
  but i still have a problem with saudis ( their government . ), 
  sending people yelling ( preaching ) `` behead all the infidels '' in european countries 4 times a day and using money as a bypass for hate speech laws . 
  i 'm sure we can figure out something reasonable . 
  i have nothing against most muslim , merely against violent radicals salafists . 
   secularist dictators supported by the west is exactly what gave us the middle east that we have today . 
  ah the same old `` if you do n't support al qaeda you must litterally support saddam ! '' . 
  me thinks there can be a bit of margin between either extremes . 
  more seriously , we could easily start movements that are n't baath parties . 
  i dunno , cultural ngos , private clubs for the non islamist elite , school networks , ad campaigns , funding reasonable parties already existing , etc etc what do superpowers usually do when they are n't trying to murder-torture large amounts of people ? 
  so called `` soft power '' . 
  like , we always complain about how saudi arabia send radical preachers here ; let 's do the inverse and send them deradicalizing ones ? 
   the west should start supporting secularist movements in mena asap . 
  that much is true . 
  we could also easily fund them . 
  cheaper in the long run, 
   false . 
  it will be strongly worded . 
  i 'm sure we can take time to write that strongly worded letter between 2 airstrikes on raqqah & palmyra, 
   all german was banned from public life since after wwii up in most of france , yes , harshly , but mostly by vengeful locals and not by the gov. 
  you 're however the first to tell me there was a supposed `` de germanisation '' program in alsace lorraine . 
  do you have any documentation on the subject ? 
  note that i 'm not asking for an `` ultimate proof '' or something like that , but i 'd like to see a bit more than a simple claim in an isolated post, 
   agreed , there is a far simpler solution - ban islam . 
  no hijabs , no mosques , no praying on carpets . 
  then i 'll have to ban christianism too . 
  and churchs , crucifixes , etc. 
  because hey , france & europe are secular states that does not advocate one religion more than another . 
   we 're already in deep shit , with sleeper sells all over the continent . 
  terrorism i watch more and more come to terms than their shithole in a syrian desert without water or food that 's busy trying to massacre peoples while getting airstriked daily is n't exactly their dreamlife and that maybe they should reconsider if they do n't want to loose their food & tv too / s, 
  you joke but it 's a regular occurrence . 
  anything can kill you . 
  living in fear of terrorism is idiotic , because you 'd boost a lot more your chance at a longer life just by watching 5 seconds both sides of the road when crossing it , something most people do n't even do . 
  terrorism is extremely unlikely to kill you . 
  it 's just noisy and showy . 
  oh , sorry , i was talking to an american and he jumped in the comment chain without me realizing , my bad, 
   after wwii , france purged the shit out of ethnic germans/german-speakers in alsace and lorriane , people who had lived there for centuries . 
  that 's not true . 
  i 'm french and the region is still half german . 
  people speak german half the time , laws have to be doubled in german , most of the street signs are still in german , etc. 
   all because they were a liability and the reason france and germany kept fighting over those regions . 
  actually we simply assumed that we 'd crush them militarily again with nato and extreme force if they ever tried to retake the region militarily , as far as i know . 
  promises of violence as opposed to do them immediately , because too many people had died by that point already ( 100 millions worldwide in a span of 10 years ) . 
   you keep on ignoring the problem i do n't ignore it , i just do n't state out loud what i really believe because it 's extremely unpopular and politicians would rather play tough on crime while looting billions of state money ( which is exactly what trump openly plan to do ) and impoverishing everyone to desperate lengths : those 30 dead today , as horrible as it is , are a foot note in history next to the millions that will die if we do n't address our social problems . 
  even car accidents kill more people every days . 
  and you ca n't fix those with a muslim gulag and prisons and secret police program . 
   we should really look into exterminnating islam from the continent . 
  i 'm sorry to have believed that `` extermining people of the wrong religion '' was a thing that should n't exist in most modern countries . 
  / s  i do not want my children to grow up in the next islamic hellhole called eurabia . 
  then , the best thing is to close down the `` islamic schools '' and `` jesus bootcamps '' and ensure that all school runs modern state backed programs and teach this to all our childrens . 
  teaching them why fundamentalism is bad and putting it in their head from the beggining . 
  not trying to look for terrorists in every shadows and randomely arrest everyone that looked wrong at their neighbor and was subsquently dennounced to the secret police . 
  cooperating or not , we 're gon na know everything he knows either way . 
  yep .
