   people do n't like that low skilled people can come over here and take low skilled work away from low skilled british people . 
  rise the minimal wage to make it financially uninteresting for companies to have people come from abroad instead of picking locals who speak the language better already ? 
  and enforce serious controls to reduce undeclared illegal work which seems to plague the uk and be one of the big draws for immigrants ? 
  hell , the fiscal & social-payments corrections seized from frauding companies caught red handed might even bring in money . 
  i 'm not sure to follow ; how is that a slap in the face ? 
  he got to cut migrant welfare ( `` emergency brake '' ) despite the eu 's reservation ... and most of his important demands too :  the letter recognises that the uk `` is not committed to further political integration into the european union ''  the deal protects the pound by recognising in law - for the first time - that the eu has more than one currency \\ -  conservative mps were also disappointed after mr cameron has failed to secure his pledge to ban migrants from sending benefits back to their home countries . 
  i guess they could cap how much money people on welfare/workfare are allowed to send abroad ( non eu/western areas ) on a monthly basis , dependant on how much welfare they receive ? 
  ( it is true welfare works best when the money cycle in the local eu economy ... )  migrationwatch , a think tank , said migrants are unlikely to be affected because three quarters of them are either single or couples without children and are unable to claim significant levels of benefits . 
  then maybe they could try finding what keeps attracting them apart welfare ( and language , since obviously the uk will keep speaking english ) . 
  cutting for example the unlimited visas to pakistan was a realistic first step . 
   konrad szyma\u0144sk , the polish europe minister , today dug in . 
  `` the uk 's first three demands are acceptable , '' he told politico . 
  `` the fourth one is the problem . 
  we ca n't accept discrimination but then how does cameron offer something for people who are against migration ? '' fact is current polish migrants living there are protected since they were there since a number of years for the majority . 
  it will however limit/discourage new migrants ( since they would be left quite some time without money if they do n't have a job covering everything ) . 
  ~ ~ so smart people can see the window or at least the warnings and not come when it 's too late , and nobody get left stuck dead in the water in the uk without money without warning ~ ~ . 
  i would agree with the czechs it seems almost reasonable since the uk are facing a problem of raw entry numbers like germany . 
  edit reading http://openeurope.org.uk/today/blog/open-europe-responds-to-proposed-eu-reform-package/#.vrdivpzv824.twitter  the deal includes a proposal for a `` red card '' which would allow 55 % of national parliaments ( based on votes assigned under the current yellow/orange card procedures ) 55 % seems reasonable . 
  a sanity check of sorts . 
  but i ca n't help but wonder however about the `` assignation procedure '' mentionned , which is where everything will play itself ... how do we define which countries can vote in it or not ; which is the most important bit ( if eastern countries are being told they have no voice , they 'll never agree to it obviously ) . 
   the commission has pledged to bring forward proposals that would reduce the cost of paying child benefit to children who live abroad . 
  i guess they could separate `` abroad in the eu '' and `` abroad non eu '' , to help separate money which will potentially cycle back in the economy ( if english welfare goes to poland , nothing says a pole wo n't buy back an english product too , sending back that money ) and money that is `` lost '' for our economy if sent far away . 
   it also means that the uk has not had to go down the potentially toxic route of denying in-work benefits to young british nationals which seemed to be on the cards at one stage . 
  that 's a serious risk too : if the uk cuts welfare heavily to non-uk-but-eu citizens , those countries will be heavily tempted to reciprocate with uk citizens in their own country . 
  ~ ~ and then expand it to everyone and steal all the welfare money , hi hungary and formerly before that romania . ~ ~ but the current balance mentionned in the title 's article seems correct . 
  i guess they could even make it 5 years at that point . 
  \\ - ... despite my ( formerly ? ), 
  best reservation i 'd pretty much be in favor of that agreement i guess, 
   i mean if your neighbor fires rockets out of a school ? 
  stores them in a hospital ? 
  your accusation is supposed to trap me : if i say it 's true you yell `` then they deserve it '' and if i deny you point out the few documented isolated cases where it does happen . 
  but really , that was n't because of any possible rocket stored below , netanyahu wanted to punish collectively the palestinians and so he started by attacking where it hurts the civilians the most , hoping to kill as many of them as he could . 
  creepy mentality . 
  i do n't see how that makes them any better than the terrorists they fight . 
   in algeria for example ... not exactly clean , was it ? 
  our grand parents fought that one . 
  not us . 
  why do n't you call us nazi collaborators while you 're at it if you really gon na dig 60y old stuff . 
   i suppose that would be the level of political thought necessary for the french to make decisions the way they do . 
  that was a blatant lie on the level of `` there never was any russian troops in ukraine '' . 
  the worst part being probably that you probably believe it, 
   the troubles left almost 4000 people dead and 50.000 injured . 
  over how many years ? 
  now we 're 2 + years in the war against daesh . 
  what happen if we keep at 200 in europe a year for even 10y ? 
  hopefully tho it wo n't last more than another one . 
  there should be a few ~ ~ timeouts ~ ~ roadstops even before that . 
  and that 's discounting what 's going on in syria/iraq which is absolutely , utterly fubar . 
  in 2 years ( 2014/2015 ) islamists killed about 400 people europe wide . 
  those numbers are curiously low . 
  and the bataclan sure was a warzone . 
  we have every reasons to prevent another instance . 
  stade de france ? 
  attempted london attacks ? 
  etc ? 
   israel has never engaged in an offensive war with gaza , hahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahahahha  it has been responses to instigation there 's always a good excuse to carpet bomb schools and hospitals of your neighbor as a first answer to all problems is n't it ? 
  i 'm not sure they even get those from that company . 
  at that point it 's out of sheer habit . 
  people still believe in `` trickle down '' and that if they give billions to corporations , corpo will decide to pay people , smh, 
   lol - france needs an official state of emergency for cops to do their jobs ? 
  for wiretaping or fast perquisitions on indices , yes . 
   in many nations , the police do their jobs even without a state of emergency . 
  then maybe we have stronger `` peace time '' regulations  interesting state of affairs in france these days , i suppose ? 
  i sure look forward to the day that daesh problem is over ( and ended in a correct manner ), 
   and is only important to reclaim from terror groups . 
  and as long as their home keep getting bulldozed in the middle of the night by israeli with tanks , there will be random terrorists slipping by because it 's the kind of thing that make people angry no matter how hard you try to disarm them ( i mean when they run out of ammo they take a steak knife ) . 
  so giving them garranties there wo n't be further `` surprize colonies '' would be a nice start . 
  and for that , you have to recognize they exist . 
  edit :  this is a region of israel i do find it ironic that you re-use erdogan 's argument against the kurds to support israel annexing what remains of west bank & gaza, 
  you do n't hear about bombings because we stopped most of them . 
  that 's the difference . 
  but what happen if you remove the cops busy doing that job ? 
  `` regional ally '' that stole a lot of boats & money & nowadays still grabs money & feeds false intel on a regular basis to suit their policy needs . 
  and was busy trying to start a war with iran while we were trying to burry the hatchet . 
  it might be a serious us ally but not exactly france 's biggest in the region, 
   millennia ago . 
  modern world does n't work that way . 
  genghis khan 's era and the medieval dark ages are over you know ? 
   when is your dumb ass moving back to europe in case you missed the flair i 'm french ... and i have no issue with immigrants either . 
  ressources belongs to people around nowadays , not those only a millenia ago . 
  and since both the palestinians and the israeli are around , why should all the land and all the food and money goes to only one ? 
   there will always be lunatics and some sort of foreign threat though , that by itself does not warrant a state of emergency . 
  the security situation currently is probably as bad as northern irland when the ira was trying to do bombings tho . 
  it 's not exactly supposed to be every days . 
   with that many people , shit inevitably happens talk for yourself . 
   a state of emergency by its nature has to be temporary yes it is . 
  and we 're only a couple month in it . 
  it 's not exactly a 30y long one . 
   else it 's just tearing up the idea of civil rights in any form . 
  i think we were pretty mild on the civil rights limitations with the state of emergency in france ... mainly it 's having troops in the street at arm 's length for when shit hit the fan , assigning known people to residence , and some spying/listening on key known points/people/channels , and some measures like watching the bins in the streets or protecting large assemblies etc. 
  ( edit : yes i 'm mixing both the state of emergency and vigipirate but both goes hand in hand ... ), 
  are the culprits aware that they are refusing the state a yearly multi billion check for their own political petty gain ? 
  what the hell are they thinking ? 
  oh yeah sorry they likely want to be able to complain `` there is no money '' to make further welfare cuts to support their extreme right wing politics . 
   i am bewildered why anyone would support palestine over israel . 
  over ? 
  both have a legitimate right to exist . 
  it 's not a `` massacre one country pick one '' . 
   no one is decrying the fact that the us , eu or saudi use advanced military equipment to achieve their interests by oppressing relatively poorer countries . 
  who is the eu oppressing with it 's military currently ?
