  you are trying to use sarcasm to imply it was the economic crisis ( btw coming from the us after a meltdown of their own right wing `` supply side '' economics ) . 
  yet countries that did not cut out corporate taxes to hell and therefore still had money to spend did weather the crisis a lot better . 
  e.g : germany , france , poland , northern europe , ... 
  yup, 
   oh we started phasing that out in 2014 ? 
  on whose repeated , annoying and insisting demand ? 
  oh yeah , the frenchs ' . 
   but you did n't know that , because you do n't know any facts , you 're of the donald trump school of argumentation . 
  that 's not an argument . 
   starbucks ? 
  mcdonalds ? 
  what are you on about , we 're talking about multinational tech and pharmaceutical companies , not bloody burger stands or coffee shops . 
  yet both brings money to their account and therefore must pay taxes . 
   and chose to try and help make itself competitive and attractive on the basis of tax , and it worked , hundreds of thousands of jobs were created ... you are blatantly dishonest because the gdp was bigger 10y ago when a lot of companies still paid their taxes honestly and dell had n't yet closed shop there at the time : http://bettercities.net/sites/default/files/imagecache/full-content-width/marohn-graph_0.jpg in fact , your gdp has been in free fall as soon as you stopped collecting all taxes on a lot of companies . 
   the companies were n't there they would have come regardless . 
  you really think companies would have refused to come in ireland specially while selling stuff in all your neighbors too ? 
  you really think there is no starbucks or mcdonalds or apple in any of the other eu countries ? 
  did most of them gave tax deals ? 
  then there is `` tax deal '' ( small reduction ) and `` tax exempt for all big businesses that come here '' ( ireland defacto ) . 
  2 very different things . 
   you do n't seem to understand that multinationals employ hundreds of thousands of people in ireland , as they do in every country . 
  corporations are there because they are turning a profit , not for charity . 
  and they will keep employing people as long as they still turn up a profit . 
  taxes or not . 
  i never heard of a country where mcdonalds left because they `` could make more profit in the neighboring country instead '' . 
  no , they are present in both , and regardless of the taxes as long as they turn up a profit . 
  they only leave when they wo n't be able to turn a profit for a significant time . 
  that logic that `` we ca n't tax businesses and the rich because otherwise they will go away , we need to give them all the state money instead as corporate subisidies '' is pretty bonkers and simply an hypocritic excuse to cover up social looting and high level graft . 
  one or two might leave to spit it , but most companies will stay regardless as long as there is profit to make . 
   since 2011 corporation tax receipts have been going up . 
  ( and since 1989 only in 2007-2009 and 2011 did it decrease compared to the year before ) who is or is n't paying into that is irrelevant . 
  that you collect 0.05 % or 1 % of what you should collect does ` nt mean much . 
  it 's `` up '' , but it 's pretty much still a joke . 
  if ireland want to solve their financial problem , they will have to collect at least 10 % on big corporations that make up the bulk of the money in their country . 
  as long as they are n't tending toward that , there is no real intent to fix the remaining problems . 
   then look at what happened to corporation tax revenues when we lowered the rate . 
  it was 20 % in 2001 , 16 % in 2002 and 12.5 % from 2003 onwards ireland collecting 12.5 % haha what a joke . 
  last i heard days ago , they still refused collecting any taxes on apple , starbucks , amazon , and quite a number of other . 
  any taxes . 
  so , de facto , their actual tax rate for quite a big part of their economy , is 0 % . 
  so that whole `` selling the water and rails to foreign countries because we ca n't afford it for a few hundred millions '' is a crass joke at the citizen 's expanse when they turn down a check of 14b of tax money * from a single company , ignoring the hundreds ( nay , thousands ) of others that have to pay too * . 
   it is not clear to me that it is in a small country 's interest to have taxes at the same level as the bigger countries . 
  the point of the eu ( and the reason the uk left ) is to become a slowly ever closer union . 
  that means harmonizing the tax system . 
   a small country 's flexibility against a big country 's economies of scale . 
  ireland is one of the big countries . 
  they have been shredding their own economy ( greek style ) by not collecting taxes for decades tho . 
  so their gov had no budget left to spend on anything or pay back their debts ( which of course was then used as an excuse to attempt to `` privatize '' everything for extra kickback bribes from the `` new private sector '' that want to buy everything for a couple euros btw ) ( the ireland water utility recent story is the most glaring on that ) . 
   and common corporate tax ( i assume it means high enough ) would be favorable to france 's `` own personal finances '' too . 
  what i mean by that is that a handfull of irish politicians are willfully acting against their own country 's interest for a few big bribes from a few big companies . 
  it 's not even to help ireland said politicians are doing that . 
  it shows really when they try to refuse collecting taxes for the country even when ordered by the court ( apple tax fraud case ) . 
   as if france or germany 's position on the matter were philanthropic . 
  it is in everyone 's interest not to have a family member acting like a dealer or mafiosi and doing shady deals while living under the same roof . 
  so you ( we ) try to get everyone to agree it 's better to help him straighten up ( nobody wants to kick out ireland or actually hurt them , merely for the country to stop actively helping fraud ) . 
  i 'm kinda happy about that project going forward , admittedly  this cooperation will be pretty usefull for the next military trouble the eu might encounter . 
   what , the french get the 416 ? 
  fuck i 'm jelly now . 
  yeah apparently defense people wanted to switch to a nato caliber rifle that did n't got jamming jokes tied to it 's name ; and the 416 has won the competition ( sure why not ), 
  well once again i have to agree ( damn haha ) completely with what he was saying there , it 's a good thing . 
  that would largely help reduce the `` in eu tax haven '' problem . 
  ( i have to assume that some irish politicians might oppose it however , because their irish tax haven arrangement might be very favorable to their own personnal finances tho . ), 
  but i definitely think we should support this initiative . 
   not an actual explosion sales going throught the roof ? 
  hey good news  now about that exagerated price on data per megs :d, 
  damn : /, 
   no one is running away . 
  well the very title is some desperate level complaining that we should n't help company defect from the uk  again no one has left and this guy campaigned to remain he did n't want to leave the eu . 
  yes i do understand he gets his orders from above . 
   at the moment their main aim is keeping leave supporters from throwing tantrums . 
  with all due respect ; saying that `` we do n't need passporting and wo n't seek it '' is clearly a terrifying economic mistake for the uk . 
  it could simply kill off your economy overnight by making financial trading with the eu illegal . 
  litterally an economic headshot for the city of london . 
  it would litterally force all companes in the uk to either move at least some of their offices and crew to eu locations or abandon the eu market ( biggest in the world ) . 
  the torries conservative basically attempted repeatedly to suicide their financial economy , tried hard to kick out all eu legislation , tried to severe all economic ties , putting tariffs against the eu , closing borders , kicking out any `` foreigners '' , ignoring all trade treaties . 
  and now they blame us for companies that are running away from their futur isolated autarkic closed borders paradise and instead settle in the eu where they can move and trade unimpeded by anti polish racist border-sealing laws ? 
   britain 's finance minister philip hammond warned other european union countries they would be making a `` huge mistake '' if they tried to break up london 's dominance as a global financial center after the country leaves the bloc . 
  maybe you should then try to keep financial passeporting and stay in the eu market ; instead of saying to all your companies `` we decided to leave the eu market and to close our borders , deal with it and stop having business in the eu '' and wonder why they all leave . 
   `` to break it up or try to damage it in the pursuit of some very narrow and hypothetical national advantage would be a huge mistake for any of our european union partners to follow , '' instead of making ridiculous threats and hoping it 'll make magically things working , maybe you should try making it viable for companies to stay . 
  like by staying in the market and having financial passeporting . 
  edit  banks in london recruit large numbers of workers from the bloc and have warned they may have to move elsewhere if they are unable to continue doing so . 
  that tend to happen when their foreign personnal is forbidden to live or work in the country , yes . 
  they tend to leave . 
   hammond said britain could not accept uncontrolled free movement of people from the bloc given the political message from the june referendum , but he wanted a deal which gave british businesses as much access as possible to the eu . 
  once again , if you want passeporting and market access , you have to give access to eu citizens in return . 
  agreements are n't a one way street where the uk gets access to everything and tons of money and the eu nothing . 
  edit : honestly at that point i believe there will likely be no agreements ( because the uk will likely refuse access to british territory to eu citizens `` no matter the cost '' ) and probably as a result that the uk will cut all ties with the eu once the brexit is done . 
  a self imposed embargo a bit like the russian sanctions but utterly self imposed . 
  i do n't think their economy will survive it tho . 
  \\ - edit : and re reading the whole thing , i believe mr hammond knows he 's not exactly telling the entire truth :  after london , the most likely destination for clearing would be new york rather than anywhere in europe , hammond said . 
  \\ -  the financial sector has acknowledged that some parts of the industry would not need a passport because they do not do much business in the eu . 
  \\ -  `` to break it up or try to damage it in the pursuit of some very narrow and hypothetical national advantage would be a huge mistake for any of our european union partners so he 's saying that he abandons passeport because there is no trade with the eu ; and that it does n't matter anyway because leavers wo n't go to the eu but new york . 
  but he warns * the eu * about it anyway ? 
  this is some propaganda spin doctor level of logic right there . 
  and to re address :  the financial sector has acknowledged that some parts of the industry would not need a passport because they do not do much business in the eu . 
  with all due respect ; anyone in the uk that thinks that all companies in england will suddenly abandon any trading with the world 's biggest economy ( the eu ) instead of getting passeporting and should instead stay in the uk alone not moving and not dealing with the eu and loose 90 % of their income ; is clearly out of his mind . 
  in a cynical way she might be right tho . 
  those weapons are unlikely to be used to their full extent which mean the money they brought in might save more lives if used to for example fund nhs or food or poverty programs than the ones the weapon use will kill . 
  good , good :d, 
  `` france builds a wall and uk pays for it ! '',
