  definitely , i have to agree ... 
  if they want access to the free market and trade , they need to respect it 's standards and laws and pay their financial share too ... 
   without obeying the rules , important bit :p  the diplomat stressed that participating in the single market meant accepting eu rules , including the jurisdiction of the european court of justice , monitoring by the european commission and accepting the primacy of eu law over national law -- conditions that will be anathema to leave advocates who campaigned on the mantra `` take back control '' . 
  `` there is no logic of punishment or sanction but the application of the law , '' the diplomat said . 
  this, 
  oh no cameron was clever . 
  the country was going to be headed for serious trouble anyway because some people just stole too much budget money and it was going worse and worse . 
  on a note completely different from the brexit ( the uk are n't concerned by that one ; the cameron agreement explicitly prohibit pushing the uk in an evercloser union , and some countries in will probably stay out of some points anyway i guess ) ; that plan for closer relations of like-minded european union countries is definitely helpful . 
  reinforcing our ties and cooperating on issues such as security , migrant questions , financial stability issues and dealing together with some of our neighbors is probably a good way to better address them . 
  aligning our tax policies ( while accounting for differences of wealth , income and lifestyle across various countries of course ) and studying how to implement those transferts properly is also probably for the best long term . 
  the whole project is excellent news in my humble opinion . 
  well downin 10 had a plan , that was `` being in the european union '' . 
  the one you campaigned actively against : / i guess something like a plan b is `` staying with an agreement like norway with full freedom of movements and goods and paying similar dues '', 
  i got a question for you . 
  de facto , we built or paid for all your highways for you since 1980 , some earlier big ones too . 
  how much do you think those are worth alone ? 
  tell you what , compare that to one year of contribution , ignoring even the blatant fraud that the torries already did since tatcher with that fraudulent 30 % contribution discount they slipped in ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_rebate ) but that we ignored for the sake of good ties for 30 years . 
  ( because , yes , the uk already walked out of paying 30 % of what they told us they 'd paid )  it is a net contributor , therefore gives more to the eu budget than it gets back . 
   feel sad that we are moving away from our european brothers but the reaction from the opposite side seems to be joy that our economy is going to ruined . 
  depends . 
  if they decide to sign a free trade agreement maintaining movement of goods & people at current levels , the economy will remains similar i guess . 
  altho your national budget are going to suffer anyway because we were footing a lot of bills and that money is tied to the eu budget contributions ( unless of course the uk decide to pay market access fees that are somehow similar to the eu annual contributions , which would allow the eu budget to keep being viable in it 's current form , in which case most of the cap money might somehow by sheer coincidence be present next year albeit cleverly swapped in various budget posts not to draw any undue attention ) . 
  ~ ~ hey uk , if you more or less keep paying your dues we 'll more or less keep paying ours , what do you say about this ? 
  that should mitigate a lot the situation ~ ~, 
  lol , i wish that was the case haha . 
  let 's not get too full of ourselves , there 's a lot of waste and corruption , and we have trouble handling it , that 's the truth . 
  i do n't think base salaries of ppl are the real issue . 
  going in too fast would only lead to bad things , true . 
  let 's stick to the official roadmap for a slow closer union at least for the time being . 
   there are huge implications of the brexit , if you fuck around pushing for a use and do n't deal with the fallout of ireland and britain 's trade/border consequences ireland will be leaving the eu next . 
  that ring true . 
  but we ca n't really handle that one for long term before they pick a new pm . 
  so we have to wait a few months there till october . 
   le pen is going to blow up the eu lel . 
  odds are it 's jupp\u00e9 ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alain_jupp%c3%a9 ) that 's going to get elected right now . 
  in a `` speculated '' jupp\u00e9 vs marine he wins everytime with a 55-65 % j vs 35-45 % m lead on the second turn . 
  well i guess we could hammer out an uk/eu one under a year from now if the uk are interested , whether for goods or persons . 
  but it is going to take forever for deals between the uk and other big economies that are n't member in our sphere of influence ( e.g : usa , australia , nz , russia , japan , china , ... ) , and the eu wo n't meddle in that one at all . 
  good luck on that side tho : x, 
   saying any delay would prolong uncertainty . 
  agreed . 
  i guess the uk might want to decide what kind of relationship it wants with the european union edit : and by that i mean , do they want no relations ? 
  or a trade agreement ? 
  keeping border opened or closed ? 
  to people or goods ? 
  should we reinstate visa or not ? 
  do they need a loan to face their economic troubles ? 
  edit repassing mr cameron 's speech and what have been said around by various politicians , i would suspect a full picture will still need a few months to take shape however . 
  oh well we waited 6 months for the referendum , we can still wait for a few more months . 
   he was a fuck up of a politician . 
  ai n't we all ? 
  haha  used the referendum as a political tool to obtain reelection no , the torries conservatives masters forced that whoever would seek election under torry flag ( ie their party plaything ) would have to push that one forward . 
  when cameron started wavering , they pushed johnson & farage forward instead . 
  honestly i think he did the best of a bad situation by running it on honest terms . 
  the whole thing was a conservative manoeuvre going possibly wrong , not cameron 's . 
   it was a poor political move . 
  i would personally agree but i 'm obviously partial ( and tbh as a pro european i agreed to the referendum too ) . 
  remains to be seen what is the uk 's plan for now . 
  but good luck to them ( no sarcasm ) ; the referendum ran honestly so the people decided against us and now it 's time for the eu to step away from power in the uk ( if only because democracy and self determination are core values the eu agreed to respect ) . 
  they did n't wasted any time haha, 
   i think it 's because they are n't ready to accept the will of the majority and would rather blame a central figure than something nebulous like `` people '' . 
  well then they have all the brexit conservative wing and ukip to blame if they want to go for a central politician . 
  like johnson or farage . 
  they 've been pushing that stuff for nearly 10-15y for political points . 
  it 's not like the `` blame everything on the eu '' appeared in cameron 's mind or in a vacuum . 
   when looking back , i think cameron will be remembered quite negatively why ? 
  i think he made a pretty courageous choice on that one . 
  he checked whether the population was more behind him than against him ( they voted against ) and decided that since he had n't the majority there anymore he would hand back power to somebody people prefered instead . 
   pretty bad legacy he 's left behind . 
  are people seriously blamming him for brexit that his opponents ranted about for years ? 
   was this expected or is it a surprise that he 's resigning ? 
  that was in the air 6 months ago ( that he 'd resign if the country brexited ) . 
  so the uk officially decide to leave the european union . 
  okay . 
  i wish you best luck in that endeavour then . 
  edit : i would also add that despite collective disagreements on what will follow and the fact that he was a conservative , i feel that mr cameron was a pretty reasonable and respectable prime minister of the uk . 
  it was despite the situation a pleasure to have had him as a political opponent . 
   happens in america and europe too with conservatives well yeah but this is wattaboutism . 
  just because some of the gop conservatives can be ... mentally still living in a dozen centuries in the past and still talking about leviticus like it overrulled secular laws and the constitution ( which in the past resulted in things like the kkk and their cross burnings or more recently planned parenthood hospital shooters ~ ~ or 1h ago in a shooting in germany and a week ago the murder of jo cox ~ ~ ) ; does n't mean we 'll tolerate it in europe either . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right  erdogan condemned the attacks glad to hear it tho . 
  that 's one less point on our to do list ( official list of chapters - the endless lists of criterias - to join the eu , for reference . 
  all countries had to undergo this and needed a decade or two so do n't take it personally please http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/policy/glossary/terms/chapters_en.htm ) now there might be some pushing in for the visas , but turkey will have to fit all the other criterias before being able to join the eu proper actually ( that 's the actual bar ) , and currently the country is fitting about 1/3 honestly : / the best way to beat the naysayers is still to fit in with the paperwork and criterias first, 
  well , today is the big day . 
  no , because you take religion too far , it 's not quite the same . 
  when people are getting beaten bloody in turkey because they bought a beer , or women get constant comments on being supposedly `` inferior '' or some stuff like it ; this is n't ok ( i 'm talking about that recent incident where people where beaten for buying beer during the muslim ramadan and the cops just stood by ) . 
  the violence on journalist issues also cause a lot of people in the parliament to hesitate , altho this is n't an issue only present in turkey to be honest ( hello eastern europe ) . 
   `` we will go and ask the public whether we should continue negotiations with the eu , '' he said . 
  well if the social issues are addressed , i do n't see why it could n't continue in the end ( to be honest i 'd rather we address all the problems one at a time than leave turkey on the side , but i can understand it can become extremely annoying to be endlessly singled out ) ( altho to be fair again , it 's not with just turkey that we 're annoying , hence the big referendum with the uk deciding on whether they agree to stay in and our terms or not ), 
  in the immediate yes . 
  i suppose that now if they want to make another referendum in something like 15 years thinking about joigning back , in my humble opinion , why not , at that point it might become worth studying again because politics might have changed big time ; but for now there 's no immediate turning back that 'd be clear and no immediate acceptation even if that might be studied later . 
  so this is the `` leave '' campaign ? 
  just lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie ? 
  well apart the one truth point about turkey going for visafree lost in the middle of all the lies disappointing . 
  but we 'll see the results . 
  it 's hilarious , it 's like the guy grew a level in politics haha . 
  good move i have to admit . 
  well played , mr orban, 
   his solution is , it works for norway , so lets be like norway !, 
  forgetting that norway still pays 80 % on a per person basis of what the uk pays to the eu to be part of the eec ... 
  but they do n't get in any say on rules ... forgetting also that norway has an enormously strong social safety net compared to the uk ( even if there were some quiet upgrades as of late ) .
