  thousands ppl do what 's the % age immigration-wise that do get it ? 
  are n't a lot of them likely to be turned off due to not speaking german good enough or similar legitimate criterias ? 
   there 's going to be endless supply in africa and afganistan , iraq pretty much ... part of iraq and ` stan are at war too so they might qualify as war refugees , it 's tricky ( inb4 people start yelling ) . 
  however , the war in iraq might be finished around the same time than the syrian war since it 's heavily linked ; and as for africa most of them are economic migrants as i understand ? 
  we can simply turn them back now ( for example the cops pushing them on a plane ) as soon as wherever they come from is identified . 
  or to any operational immigration camp we might open on our borders . 
  actual refugees that flee persecution might get it in some conditions ( ie if they ca n't come back without getting killed , like some of the fsa i 'd suspect ) . 
  some of the immigrants kids might get it too if they are born in europe ( then educated here in our schools , speaking our languages as a first one , etc ) . 
  however looking at the crisis the majority and especially the economic immigrants probably wo n't get it . 
  what they have is residency , not citizenship . 
  i ca n't wait to see how many people ignore that point or even start being apologetic for the corporations because they `` create jobs '' and them paying taxes will `` scare them away '' . 
  reality is , they outright frauded billions in taxes . 
  glad we 're getting that much back . 
  i 'm sure our governments could definitely use the tax money if only to pay debts , reduce deficits and run the system . 
   earlier this month michael noonan , the irish finance minister , vowed to challenge any ruling that strikes down the apple tax scheme . 
  of course they do . 
  just like luxembourg , they would rather help company fraud eu taxes and legislation in exchange for kickbacks because it immediately makes ireland a bit richer for the moment . 
  but in the end everyone elses suffers from it , and it 's less money for the system and therefore more debt and less subsidies for them long term ; more wealth for a few oligarchs ; and worst of all it validates the habit for big corporations to be above common law and taxes . 
   are there any new projections for germany 's demographic makeup by 2050 if they continue with the plan of 500k people per year ? 
  syria 's war will be over by then which means that they can send a lot of people home by then . 
  woops , fixed, 
   i just do not want my country to deal with all of the refugees . 
  the thing is you would n't necessarily have to add much : there is already a similar number . 
  so what that would mean would be : - well ; keeping them fed & similar at current levels ( we would obviously send money for that ; because it is true it 's not just turkey 's problem but ours ' too ) - helping prevent more mass immigration to greece & similar ( they 're swamped honestly ) ; border cooperation ( for example turkish coastguards helping turn back boats . 
  helping handing over known smugglers who simply do n't get the message . 
  does n't costs you much ? ), 
  - economic immigrants can simply be turned back to their home country first plane or boat that way ( you have no reason to host pakistanis or somalians ; 100 % agreed )  anyway if you guys can abolish the visa for turkish citizens . 
  that 's part of the plans yes . 
  tho i 'm sure people will cringe at home in europe . 
  and where the saved money is supposed to go ? 
   and 3 billion euros wont change anything . 
  it 's a fronted sum , it 's not an end-it-all . 
  `` to prove our good will , here 's an immediate 3 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 $ check . 
  and visa liberalization . 
  and more will follow , and ... '' . 
   if you want our help you guys should give something else than money we have already spent way more than 3 billion euros on refugees . 
  hey , do you know that money does n't grow on trees and takes some time to find out , especially at such scale ? 
  edit : fixed number, 
  well your average voter that has the money could also visit a lot more easily his family abroad in germany or france , for example, 
  it would help a lot turkish businesses since they could more easily hop in europe when needed . 
  which could lead to growth in your country ( despite the economy damaged by the war ) . 
  no , a bribe is when an official pocket money for his own personnal interest and ignore everyone else 's or the one of the people he represents . 
  that money here is to help turkey ( the country ) ; and following your country 's interests is not a bribe in itself . 
   however hollande , without adopting any laws , decided that his ministers are not allowed to accumulate positions . 
  you say that like it 's a bad thing . 
  mandate cumul was largely used to hold various fictious positions and led to some politicians `` holding '' on paper up to 4 or 5 `` jobs '' ; and getting all the income ( and special retirement plans they voted themselves ) without ever being even present anywhere . 
  i mean most of the d\u00e9put\u00e9s in the assembl\u00e9e nationale ( assembly ) are nearly always absent most of the time already . 
  so you really believe they can work 3 or 4 jobs like that one at the same time on top of it ? 
  do i also really need to point out a finger at the legendary patrick balkany , parisian king of tax fraud , money laundering & various embezzlment ? 
  i mean , a couple years ago he even wanted to make it mandatory to hold a second ( fictive obviously , looking at his carreer ) job to add yet another income to his account : http://www.lefigaro.fr/politique/2008/04/11/01002-20080411artfig00442-balkany-propose-le-cumul-des-mandats-obligatoire.php, 
  it 's not her chair but erdogan 's ; and it 's clearly from erdogan 's palace ( what with the 2 flags in the background ) . 
  i ca n't imagine the germans having a golden throne in their own offices . 
  edit : sorry , i mixed things a bit in my post . 
  the chairs come from his palace . 
  turkey wants to clearly show it 's their ground with the flags . 
  but it 's in istanbul , not ankara . 
  looks like the picture is back, 
  ~ ~ what ? 
  a sober ukrainian captain ? 
  haha ~ ~  neither the boat was overloaded well ; quoting  2h2 hours ago new details : boat that sank in odesa region was carrying over 40 ppl . 
  8 are still missing , search works continue 40 + ppl ; that certainly seems a lot for a bot that look like this if i understand right ? 
   we could do the libya thing , but again it takes everybody agreeing to do so . 
  well ; at some point they 'll have to pick out what to do . 
  and no , genocide is n't an option . 
  i guess we can always find out what would reasonably interest turkey, 
   last we heard about that , turkey has no interest in such a deal oh well if they do n't like getting wired billions there 's no helping i guess . 
   therefore , your choice is between letting the people in , letting everybody drown , or invading the territory of a foreign country . 
  or , refusing illegals according to that past agreement : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/dec/16/turkey-eu-illegal-immigrants-visa  or invading the territory of a foreign country . 
   and nobody is going to make the last two choices . 
  we could always take back a daesh-held chunk of libya ( basically lawless territory ) and build an open door refugee center & send everyone & all boats caught there . 
  once the news spreads immigration will only land them in libya or turkey ; it 'll slow down . 
  the important question here . 
  if the eu wants to react frontex needs to stop/aboard those boats , turn them around , and arrest the smugglers/sink the boat on the turkish coast . 
   saakashvili : owner of boat that sank disappeared , his son - captain is detained . 
  boat was overloaded 3times , didnt send sos signal - @bbc_ua smuggling ? 
  well . 
  it might be more efficient to close it at greece + bulgarian level now . 
  turn to turkey anyone that set foot in greece/bulgaria without proper papers for a period ? 
  using that http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/dec/16/turkey-eu-illegal-immigrants-visa checkpoints at the border asking everyone for papers . 
  if on a greek island , prepare for being deported to turkish refugee camps . 
  ... refuse to go in ... luxembourg ... ? 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  the sense of entitlement is strong there . 
  well if they are identified for some reason we can always jail them and/or deport them . 
   wait , would n't golden dawn types cheer the possibility of shooting migrant boats on sight ? 
  are n't those nationalist , state-above-all types , who take the concept of border very seriously yeah but for them too it 's a calcul . 
  anything that can undermine the legitimacy of `` legitimate '' parties & rise their own is good . 
  that and showering their public with shady foreign money . 
   anyway , shooting at the boats is n't a solution . 
  solution is turning boats back , and if they sink the boats - hell , they have a free ride back to libya or turkey on those nice , safe navy vessels . 
  looking at the current situation , i 'd say fully agreed at my own level . 
  plus last i heard turkey was safe & tobruk had no shooting either despite the crisis in that country . 
   still , border regime was strictly enforced , that depend by who . 
  mostly it was the ussr banning people from leaving under pain of death . 
   number of defections was really small or rather people kept it quiet so their family that could n't make it would n't be sent to siberia at the time . 
   and still , no civil war well ; as the word `` war '' present in cold war implied , it was never that far . 
  the cold war was the war that cut the modern world in two block , both guns pointed at the other 's head . 
   i mean , how can strict border regime lead to civil war ? 
  you have no idea how much the some parties like the golden dawn would recover an opportunity like coast guards killing thousands of civilians .
