   if you want to stimulate the economy , there are far better methods . 
  this is populism . 
  paying pensions and ensuring everyone has a living and that we do n't end up with rampant homelessness and poverty like the usa is not populism . 
  this is simply crass propaganda in the cult of the immediat maximal profit for the richest . 
  the same is also appliable for welfare , education , unemployment and social security . 
   i do n't get why the uk and us are so anti-eu lately . 
  i mean honestly , what did we do to them ? 
  because some of the torries ( well ukip above all ) , and the trumpers are taking orders from moscow, 
  hard to disagree with them , honestly, 
  one of the reasons it does n't quite work that way in europe is because we 're against the work of kids and have a retirement program . 
  in poor ( non occidental ) countries ( like in central africa i mean ) , they have more kids because the kids work early ( read : 8 years old and in a basement working textile ) and kick back money to sustain their elders . 
  in europe , having a kid and rising it * costs you plenty of money * for like 20 years . 
   it 's just pointless words for now so do n't get your fires started . 
  it is not in the official journal yet therefore all his words are equal to 0 . roger, 
   its not over yet , they want to pass a similar law this time with the help of the parlament ( which they also control ) so back to protests ... 
  morning haha , 
  is it true ? 
  great news , 
   they offer relocation , and were offering evac while we were there ... can confirm that much yes ; as an ua supporter i was happy to hear about it . 
  that said i was even more happy to see the troops around protecting the town tbh haha, 
  it looks like it 's the trick the us call gerrymandering , a well known vote manipulation tactic : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerrymandering_in_the_united_states https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerrymandering, 
  ouch , haha . 
  not wrong sadly . 
  european birth ratings are actually low as far as i know ( typically around 2 , ie population remplacement but not much more ) . 
  there is an ongoing wealth distribution issue in our society with wealth ( too ) concentrated in the hands of a few , to the point it affects the basic living standards of everyone else . 
  what is the average eu poverty birth rating ? 
  that one can ( should ? ), 
  probably be adressed , in the various eu countries ( not just brussels ) . 
  at that point i 'm going to advocate more direct cash transferts programs & basic free services ( education , medecine ) toward our poorest citizens to ensure basic subsistance standards . 
  one of the things where i would definitely agree with him . 
  that said his neoliberalism and lack of regard for workers rights & income concern me on the topic of his presidential bid . 
  `` trickle down '' president in a nutshell . 
  edit : reminds me a bit of paul ryan . 
  actually a smart man , but ca n't help himself from grabbing industry money in exchange for pushing their agenda . 
  probably works for the economic wing of the republican party . 
  i 'm not sure perpetual austerity is `` tough necessary decisions '' as much as a cash transfert the wrong way lately : / ukraine has plenty of hard decisions to make , but i 'm not sure the pensions ' one is actually necessary ... : x, 
  oh , some good news from macedonia for once , 
  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c3xfn4gw8aa8xvb.jpg:large there 's probably a million or two in reality, 
  sadly unsurprizing . 
  once you begin peeling the fn 's thin veneer of respectability ... 
  good . 
  and turning back the boats toward it 's coasts would help reduce the situation , admittedly . 
  we do n't need to drop people in italy or greece , when north africa will do the trick . 
  edit : and no the comparison with the situation in america does not stand , because the muslim ban in america targeted people with legit papers in fuckin airports , who had visas and greencards and us passeports/citizenship ; and not illegal immigrants picked drowning in the middle of the sea by operation triton like i 'm talking about there . 
  furthermore , we 're not disappearing people to dubious prisons or attempting to persecute locals living there since decades . 
  back to slightly more serious and current topics , romania is certainly taking a most concerning turn with it 's rampant cronyism and corruption in the executive & legislative making a comeback lately . 
  and that is something i 've been waiting for a long time , admittedly  maybe the end of the sim swapping game at each borders just to keep phone & mobile net access . 
  good too haha . 
  what the other users mention ( price fixing depending on countries , ip geoblocking , language locks , ... ) has been a market issue . 
  videogames might appear a secondary concern , but the online software market will only grow , and steam might form the basis of a lot of future plateforms so adressing it now is usefull . 
  great  we might not be spacex , but the more space tech is existing around reasonable countries , the better for all of occident . 
  increasing space access is going to be the hallmarks of superpowers in the future . 
   this only hapened because dragnea the mastermind behind it had nothing to lose by passing the law . 
  let me explain : he is already convincted for forging elections in his county so basically romania too is going back full speed to dictatorship ? 
   i wish europe had some sort of anti-corruption police . 
  well yeah at that point europol starting to do arrests would be helpful, 
  expecting french ump & fn parties , uk 's own ukip and the white house to open a branch there anyday ...  . , 
  meanwhile in croatia , negationist neonazi idiots living in the past being negationist neonazi idiots living in the past . 
  it appears our futurs are at a crossing . 
  so , what will it be ? 
   it is well known how these loopholes work . 
  why on earth is it so hard to close them ? 
  because legislation have to be coordinated accross the entire eu for that to work , or otherwise they 'll just `` relocalize '' officially in luxembourg or similar . 
  that said , i 'm glad for that movement against massive high level evasion . 
  one could say they are a very reliable agency . 
  damn , reuters pointing out working poverty , that 's a first, 
  to be honest malta is a bit bigger than those other forts early on that sub ;-), 
  looking how destructive us private for-profit healthcare firms have been to the sector , it does look worrysome for the average english citizen ... 
   c . when the fuck are we locking up that pierre vogel cunt . 
  he does reminds me of choudary, 
  well , yeah . 
  they 're like 20/30 % done rebuilt only on that side . 
  half the politicians are on the take , a lot of officials ( from construction to firemen ) are asking for bribes to do their job ; a few oligarchs are uber powerfull , a lot of police asks for bribe and it 's still in the culture/expected to offer some for a lot of normal services . 
  also diplomas can still be bought with sufficient money ( despite education being at a glance more or less usable by eu standards for people that do attend ) so that 's a serious issue . 
  plenty of high level officials/politicians have bought diplomats and you ca n't always know easily who is legit competent . 
   but he did not kill millions of people erh apart when he did . 
  if only because 80 + % of the food supply was seized to be sold abroad for quick money for himself . 
  and when people do n't eat for sometime weeks at a time , you know what happens ? 
  yup , they die . 
   the communist repression during ceausescu is nothing compared to the soviet trials of the 1930s and mass executions . 
  that 's like saying `` kim jong il killed less than hitler so he 's ok '' . 
  the comparison with north korea seems perfectly adapted to me . 
  because that 's exactly how he was running the country . 
  anyone that spoke up was sent to siberia ( or worse ) . 
  starvation , and shortages that managed to run the country worse than the czar ( medieval ) era in russia and make ukraine ssr looks like a socialist paradise in comparison . 
   as i said before there were 104 people executed during ceausescu . 
  per day you mean ? 
   _   now compare that to stalin and you would have that many people executed in one day . 
  you know , it 's not a competition to who would have exterminated the ussr first if left unchecked . 
  sorry for your revisionist theories , but caucescu was a nutcase somewhere along the lines of staline and pol pot . 
  now if you look for a tyran that was a bit less worse you can look up brejnev ( where people could have a life if they kept their head down ) ; or before that i 'd even call krutchev a positive figure . 
  but do n't bother defending caucescu , there 's little of value to save there, 
   putting ceausescu in the same league as stalin and beria is ridiculous . 
  not really . 
  they were both psychopaths , well all 3 . 
  you got one with xx dozens millions of deads in gulags , the other with mordor and many millions too that starved and bankrupted the country to build the biggest palace in the world if he could ( and obviously bulldozed half his capital for that ) , and the local serial killer that accidented himself head of the nkvd who had a thing for going out and murdering entire city blocks for his enjoyment , not even counting things like katyn massacre attributed to him . 
   most dissidents were marginalised and ostracised but not killed or not even jailed i 'm not even going that way there , what you said is simply false . 
  if you think caucescu was n't fucked up , then we have nothing to say . 
  the guy had entire families executed for having too many lightbulbs at home . 
  no shit .
