  daesh-grade salafists ? 
   b ) turkey is housing close to 2 million refugees and have spent billions of dollars to create camps for them and that it should be assisted to bear the load . 
  good point there on the other hand . 
  i agree , we should help them bear more load  both were rejected . 
  not entirely true : we found them already 3b and they complained we were bribing them tsssk tsssk  only when the refugees finally hit europe in large numbers did the eu come to turkey to discuss options again . 
  oh you mean our dear overlords only agree to do something only when shit totally hit the fan ? 
  who would have thought / s, 
   unfortunately point number one is not feasible for many reasons . 
  one of them is that you can not push people floating on the sea back to turkey , neither built wall in the maritime borders . 
  if you can push the boat on the beach of a greek island , you can push it on a turkish beach . 
   as a german , i 'd also like to have the french national anthem banned . 
  it hurts my feelings when they insult my impure blood that will water their fields . 
  haha ; joke apart there have been talks multiple time of changing the lyrics of that song because some felt it was from a more violent past ( the 1789 french revolution where they killed a lot of nobility and rich people ) , it 's true ( perso i do n't care about changing or keeping the lyrics either way , w/e ), 
   the tricolour is a `` violent '' symbol , comparable to the nazi swastika , says oxford university student activist  asked if he was implying that the french state is a terrorist organisation akin to isis , qwabe told the sunday times : `` well , [ france ] has committed acts of terror in numerous parts of the world . '', 
   wants french flag banned on campuses ~ ~ 2edgy4me ~ ~ i do n't know about rhodes , but i thought drugs were actually still banned on most campuses, 
  base x would be sfp . 
  this is base t :d, 
  ouch . 
  was it on a mountain tho ? 
  i 'd think it still a bit unusual at our latitude, 
  nor people are born outside in the freezing climate nowadays ;-) it 's an hostile environment granted , but lots of people live in northern europe , and those temperatures are normal there !, 
   is n't this kinda antinatural of sorts ? 
  well we did invent clothing before writing and agriculture soo ... :d, 
   you have to get hypotermia at least in those temperatures well if you are n't covered yeah you 're going to have hypothermia in no time . 
  but that 's why polar jackets and gloves , sweaters , underpants , snow boots , scarfs , ushankas and such exist . 
  people lived in the north since centuries and millenias y' know . 
  slamming greece again is not going to help much , knowing they already hate germany . 
  but , okay , there 's a problem , and some cold hard truths i do n't like either but we need to face to limit long term collateral damages : - need to turn back the boats to limit the migrant flow right now . 
  if it comes from turkey , it 's sent back toward turkey . 
  - we need to act more like the uk and pick the most needy in turkish camps instead and/or fund the rest with the saved money . 
  - need for an offshore proper processing center - potential agreements with other neighboring countries where to send actual refugees who flee wars right now . 
  a bit like australia but less hard , that should reduce the economic flux . 
  - systematic fingerprinting , no excuse , no pass around , period . 
  you want to go to mainland you 're gon na have to put your fingers on that paper . 
  - refugee card indicating which country you got assigned as a refugee , associated to fingerprints , refusal of benefits and state help in any other country . 
  no tolerence for benefit shopping at all . 
  zero . 
  - sending in frontex to restart controling external borders . 
  asking for passports and papers systematically . 
  - in france , clearing the jungle camp , processing them as refugees , relocation to proper housing with sanitation . 
  either you fill in application for asylum in france , or are going to get sent to a proper refugee camp you 're not going to leave before making another choice , or get a plane ticket to the non-eu country of your choice . 
  no work around . 
  - communicate asylum application lists to uk authorities so they know who got it in france and can refuse them benefits and inform them they wo n't get anything by being there in the uk ( i mean at worse it means they 're stuck in france , and there are worse places to live sorry ) . 
  i believe the uk asked for something like that - making clear that once the syrian war & such are over we will refuse them and start sending back people - assistance for immediate repatriation for any refugee feeling homesick ( here 's a free plane ticket home & some change ) - making clear towards some countries ( like pakistan ) that if they refuse taking back their people at the airport in their countries , we will end any and all visas with them , and start laying economic punitive measures ( with costs calculated as inferiors to dealing with migrants ) . 
  - considering our current situation , turning back people identified as purely economic migrants starting yesterday . 
  namely pakistanis & a lot of africans . 
  - reinforcing integration politics for the rest , refusing the establishment of a parallel society . 
  dissolving molenbeek-like ~ ~ getthos ~ ~ poor-towns . 
  - better information on the actual living conditions of refugees before they try coming here . 
  again , do n't sell your house because you 're going to regret it when you get an hotel room in the artic circle with nothing to do day long . 
  zero casualties would seem quite a bit of an exageration haha . 
  altho admittedly it 's truth that : - they did not target civilians as far as i could see . 
  sometime collateral damage happen , but it 's accidental - they take some measures to limit civilians casualties - despite appearances , civilian casualties from airstrikes were largely reduced since the ru af took charge instead of the syaaf . 
  better intel , better targeting , weapons that can actually be targeted , etc. 
  assad 's barrel bombings that were more largely used instead before used to really do a number so they 're still quite reasonable ; no war crimes afaik ( on that side at least ), 
  i thought it was drunk stabbings ? 
  or maybe i 'm confusing with fins you emulate ? 
  of course  i did n't intended it was any bad . 
  i just meant the climate is very different than in the desert, 
  it goes down below sometime in the north . 
  it can reach -30 \u00b0 c ( sometime even lower in siberia ! ), 
  during long nights and blizzard . 
  vs yeah sometime 50 \u00b0 c in the desert in day . 
  in summer , foreigners like me better stay covered , bathed in sunblock cream and hiding in any amount of shade when possible or inside not to roast etc etc, 
   biologival depression , which is a direct result from the lack of sunlight . 
  i think he was talking about how his body instinctively rejects the new environment . 
  the difference of temperature and climate makes him physically ill , but there 's not much to be done about it apart trying to handle it ( acclimatization ) or moving some other place . 
   a syrian boy who was shocked at how cold europe was , much more than anything he and his friends could have imagined . 
  and this was in august . 
  in macedonia . 
  haha :-), 
  they have of course , and i imagine they 're not going to leave them outside by -20 \u00b0 c if they can avoid it ; but coming from the syrian desert i imagine it 's a huge cultural shock to deal with a frozen tundra . 
  you likely almost have to relearn how to survive in this new hostile natural environmnent . 
  we 're talking about 80 \u00b0 c climate difference , 10 % of the daily sun you get in syria , what must seem to them nearly multi day long nights , they lost all their stuff in syria or ` stan , a different language , different food , different everything , needs to get new clothes to deal with the hostile weather while used to walk in with a shirt in the middle of winter in syria , etc etc. 
  ie cultural shock , and it 's easy to understand those that want to go home, 
  i do n't have the exact elections results at arm 's length because my laptop is at home sorry , i should dig it back again but i 'm going to get slaps on my fingers if i do that right now  other than that grey wolves hate erdogan and wouldnt do anything for him . 
  they 're totally infiltrated by the mit big time and serve as angry henchmen without knowing it . 
  [ who do you think they called when they wanted the russian embassy assaulted and egged ? 
  ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/egg-throwing-protesters-left-red-6884591 ) ( inb4 the gov has nothing to do with it ) edit : fixed wrong link edit better link  bilal erdogan does n't need isis oil , yet that kind of article do pass from hands to hands in the usa & europe : http://www.veteranstoday.com/2015/11/25/russia-erdogans-son-real-isis-oil-minister-behind-s24-shoot-down/ okay , the thing with the twitt was retarded even i agree haha , but we know isis oil do end up in turkey and that b erdogan do smuggle oil . 
  soo ... maybe he does n't even know it for sure but you can bet there 's some isis oil in it . 
  then there are the random tape of admission of corruption that did show up where he was speaking about hiding the stolen millions from justice during the perquisition ( i 'll spare you the cringe of linking them ) . 
   they would just collect tax . 
  was the white palace entirely built on state money ? 
   thats actually not true . 
  vote rigging is beyond impossible in western cities lol , so suddenly areas that used to vote like 40 % akp 30 % hdp 30 % chp vote 0.1 % hdp 0.3 % chp 0.3 % mhp and 90 + % akp but of course there is `` absolutely no vote rigging '' . 
  ahah really . 
  you 'd have made the russian army in crimea proud ; that was the same kind of `` vote '' . 
   they nearly failed to surpass 10 percent threshold in the last election because of their stupidity . 
  really . 
  to give you an idea , real ( second ) elections ( nov ) results i heard flying around by observers where around 20-35 % akp 20-35 % chp 25 % hdp 15 % mhp . 
  official results are 50 % akp 25 % chp 10 % hdp 12 % mhp . 
  but the first election results ( 40 % akp , light degree of fraud ) did n't pleased erdogan enough so he ignored them , redid them and stuffed the urns this time ( and managed to still lose a few percents because people voted hdp a lot more this second time ) . 
   in this case who am i supposed to blame ? 
  both . 
  the pkk should n't have shot those cops and certainly should n't declare `` independance '' because it 's never going to work in southern turkey right now and will only result in a lot of deaths ; but erdogan should n't have tried to do a thousand ( no joke . ), 
  airstrikes in 2 weeks with his entire airforce bombing the pkk round the clock in iraq and certainly should n't be busy stuffing urns , bilal erdogan should n't be smuggling what they know deep down is daeshi oil reality and not the fsa 's , and certainly not stealing all the millions and rigging votes and laws and suppressing journos happily , crushing opponents with grey wolves etc. 
   if these uneducated backward retards would be any clever they wouldnt take arms in the first place calling people `` uneducated backward retards '' for falling for akp baiting is n't helping either  turks do vote for kurdish party and want kurds to have equal rights with turks . 
  yeah but too bad vote rigging ( 20 % of the whole thing ? ), 
  means akp get elected instead either way  they also think that pkk saves the kurdish people from turkish military as if turks aim to destroy kurdish towns both are biased , and i do n't think the turkish military intended to * destroy * the town like things were in operation hammer , but the turkish military certainly did n't held back ; so that probably skew the views of both sides . 
   what about this guys ?
