  remember little aylan 's death ? 
  http://cdn9.trueactivist.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/migrantboy.jpg that one was tragic , but it was an * accident * . 
  now imagine entire boats of it , and willfully ordered by our dear very much unloved overlords . 
  add on top poverty , social appathy , lack of future , and lack of sense of purpose in an entire generation . 
  then the disguised nazis come in and yell `` i have a solution !, 
  we can end this '' sure it 's not entirely the current gov 's fault , but that 's a powder keg and shooting unharmed people would be the lighter . 
  edit : oh and just to drive the point home , half the greek cops & 1/3 of their military is de facto quiet golden dawn supporters . 
  you know what would happen if they were asked to pick their loyalty to a leader from a party like pasok that steals billions ; or their local golden dawn `` savior '' that double their pay check ? 
  during the cold war people where fleeing staline 's regime toward the western bloc : http://imgur.com/en42uli, 
   this exact thing happens everywhere all the time from all sources of authority . 
  it 's called a deterrent . 
  ah yes , tell that to the syrians . 
  half the country tries to kill the other half . 
  the second we open fire on the refugees , expect the same kind of brutal war to destroy europe . 
  maybe , just maybe loosing a bit of cash and turning back people unharmed would be cheaper . 
   who is talking about killing hundreds of thousands ? 
  you really think immigrants would turn back for 10 dead ? 
  it would take a dozen monstruous massacre , and by that point i 'd expect fully half the army to simply go rogue , fascists taking power in some key countries like greece ; then the whole thing quickly spiraling out of any and all control . 
  well ; if you are asking the military kill hundreds of thousands of civilians , what 's telling you you wo n't be next in the firing line ? 
  that 's only a ticket for civil war . 
  we 're still not murdering immigrants , especially not large numbers , thank you . 
  we send them back , unharmed . 
  well ; they can always turn back the boats to turkey or tobruk libya . 
  or try offering a couple hundred millions to tunisia or egypt if they are willing to host immigration centers . 
  ( edit : or deporting them to turkey by plane when coming in greece & the boat sunk ), 
  ah yes , the gameover epitath already . 
  true , now it looks like it 's time to close the borders & return away most immigrants . 
  however the problem already began 20 years ago with work immigration . 
  that definitely makes more sense in that context, 
  erh . 
  maybe it 's exagerated for a small village and they could better spread them ? 
   mr andree , 74 , was sentenced to 12 months in jail by a sharia court after police found home-made wine in the boot of his car in jeddah last year . 
  seriously ? 
  holy hell ; time to tell our expats to pull out of that hellhole . 
   the eu is n't responsible for fraud legislation in the uk . 
  oh yeah , so why do the uk wants to be above all finance-enforcement related eu legislation again ? 
  what kind of laws could they pass that would magically benefit them that they ca n't pass under the eu to the point they need an opt out ? 
   you can essentially do that now within the eu if you set up a company well unless you want to face interpol/europol warrants for fraud , i 'd suggest not to . 
   but you still have to find the money in the first place ... 
  they used to get pensioner money as a fund with limited responsability , pay a large check to a `` sub contractor '' or something similar in a shell company in some island , declare bankruptcy , and just wire themselves the funds from the shell company . 
   yeah , that 's illegal too . 
  and it 's been so thanks to legislation pushed by who ? 
  not by the uk actually . 
   and obviously included rather a lot of banks . . yeah but guess what bank led the whole thing by far ? 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-k-fraud-office-plans-more-libor-charges-in-the-fall-1438695884  yup , those laws exist ( and have been around for a long time ) . 
  well ; there were still quite a number of loophole closed by the `` horrible powers in brussels '' that horribly refused to take money offered by the oligarchs and therefore `` stole uk 's sovereignty '' when cracking down on such fraud . 
   and again those laws exist . 
  and was n't enforced until eu/us-led concerted action to crack down on such fraud . 
  again we were yelled at as it was violating uk 's sovereignty and enforcing `` undemocratic laws '' and shit . 
   the uk financial sector is n't lawless . . sure but that would still be their endgoal by removing as much unbribable external opposition as possible . 
   nope , it is n't about consumer protection laws , or even ` most ' business , it 's about finance and that regulation of the uks financial centres remain principally in london - you will note that the financial regulation aspect of ttip that was leaked some time ago is rather interesting in that context . 
  and what do the finance laws protect ? 
  everyone that is n't finance . 
  laws that for example say they ca n't evict you and sell your house due to them needing quick money when they are running out of it and you still have a mortgage running . 
  laws that say they ca n't speculate their entire liquidity reserve and declare bankruptcy , close shop and run with your bank account 's money when they loose their bet . 
  laws that say they ca n't legally falsify the libor rate to play over 350 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 $ of market to make a quick few billions scamed out of everyone else . 
  laws that say they ca n't make pension funds only with the intension of bankrupting them just to run away with the money . 
  laws that say that no you ca n't fund mexican mafia cartels even for a 19 % interest rate . 
   1 the wording `` ever closer union '' is contained within the solemn declaration on european union . 
  however there are no specifics on what this means , so it is indeed an easy thing to concede . 
  i 'm quite aware that the uk are worrying about the growing influence of the german/french axis in european politics . 
  and that a closer union means they 'd have too much say for his liking in politics that would influence the uk . 
   2 the eu is already explicitly a multi-currency zone , and britain is free to keep its pound . 
  exactly . 
  it 's the statut quo . 
   so i do n't see the point of this unless it is a reflection of fears that the euro will become one of the worlds reserve currencies to rival the us dollar , to the detriment of the pound . 
  nah it 's just that simply since the eu is getting closer & might end up federalized the euro might become down the line the only currency in . 
  and looking at the greek disaster he can not in good faith gives up currency control to an eu where germany can force it 's way in to maximize it 's profits potentially at other countries ' detriment ( like greece before , and maybe uk later in another crisis we ca n't forsee ) ; that would be for him political & economical suicide . 
  at my own level , i can certainly understand & sympathize with him there . 
  i 'd prolly go with a `` why do n't we wait to see how things turn out in the eu 20 years down the line before the uk decides anything rash with their economy ? '', 
   3 `` bring back power '' means either the ability to veto legislation willy-nilly . 
  well yeah that 's why we ca n't cut london a blank check . 
  more realistically , eventual opt outs should be a case by case basis . 
   i do n't think the eu is going to allow britain a veto over its affairs ( ... ) there 's no point in being within the eu if it does this . 
  so this is a non-starter . 
  i would n't go as far , but there 's the potential that dirty uk politics out of cameron 's hands could easily be used to undermine ( or even destroy ) the eu legal system by using & abusing the uk . 
  to be very clear , a lot of mp & important position in the uk are taking money like no tomorrow and corrupt as fuck . 
  if some people ever end up in power replacing cameron in 10 years , they 'll happily use any such veto to destroy eu consumer & worker laws . 
  i can easily imagine some big influential corporation bribing a few dozen mp to get them to blatantly abolish basic human rights , make unions illegal , ban minimal wages in countries , `` privatise '' healthcare [ us style ] ( http://abc7news.com/health/woman-says-eye-was-super-glued-shut-by-accident-stuck-that-way/1022960/ ) , and basically destroy any standards in europe using that retro active veto and turns the richest lifestyle on earth into something out of a detroit gettho or the bronx to save a few more corporate euros . 
  that the uk destroy their own country is their right in the end , but i 'd obviously be happier if they did n't destroyed ours alongside the way by deciding to revocate all our protections laws . 
   unfortunately for the uk , it 's presence in the eu is now a strong factor sustaining its position as a global financial center . 
  yeah which is why they want the cake ( accessing our market and all the money that gives them ) and the cake 's money ( not paying any contributions to the eu budget , tax `` evasion '' - basically legalising tax fraud & abolishment for corporations - , no consumer protection laws , not having to pay for single payer healthcare or their employees a living , etc ) . 
   forcing brussels to make `` an explicit statement '' that britain will be kept out of any move towards a european superstate . 
  this will require an exemption for the uk from the eu 's founding principle of `` ever closer union '' . 
  i still think they 'll need at least to cooperate on tax harmonisation to put an end to the rampant but sadly legal `` tax evasion '' that undermine the system or similar topics . 
  and stay helpful on eu policies as much as reasonably possible ( the uk currently are , generally ) . 
  and stop trying to waltzing out of contributing their part to the eu budget . 
   an `` explicit statement '' that the euro is not the official currency of the eu , making clear that europe is a `` multi-currency '' union . 
  ministers want this declaration in order to protect the status of the pound sterling as a legitimate currency that will always exist . 
  well i guess they can do something like that ; making a statement that the euro is not the only legitimate currency in the zone . 
  it is one of the majority ones ; but i guess currency independance makes perfect sense looking at greece 's economic disaster . 
  it 's ( entirely ) reasonable for the uk to stay out of the currency area for the time being . 
  the eurozone will also need to be strongly reformed in the end ( e.g : cash transferts , debts cuts ) either way to avoid new disasters in spain , italy , portugal , etc ( as we recently found out the hard way , you ca n't run some countries only on loans as the sole source of income and wonder why they ca n't pay it all back +10 % without any other legal income ) . 
  but how is still another topic hotly debated . 
   a new `` red card '' system to bring power back from brussels to britain . 
  this would give groups of national parliaments the power to stop unwanted directives being handed down ** and to scrap existing eu laws . 
  ** uhhh . 
  they could get an opt out on topics but an outright blanket veto right on everything might be somewhat abusive . 
  there 's a balance to strike i guess . 
  i mean giving a blanket veto to a country halfway out of the eu would be like giving a veto right to the us otherwise .
