  okay , let me resume the main factions there : - syrian regime , who ` se regime basically killed 2 millions syrian over the last ten years , war included . 
  people where routinely disappeared by the secret police ( mukhabarat ) and tortured to death for making a bashar joke . 
  think of him as a north korean kim jong un : probably not personally evil , but with little power to stand to his peers and at the top of an apparatus that does it 's own thing and would n't be out of place in staline 's era . 
  about a third of the syrian refugee likely fled regime persecution too . 
  - northern fsa has been mostly hijacked by al nusra . 
  which you might now under their other name , al qaeda . 
  and their jihadi friends like jaysh , arhar , etc. 
  the remaining fsa proper is like 30 % of the power there and outmatched from nusra and ca n't do much for now . 
  so no one that has n't a direct interest in the area will join them . 
  - in the north well the best faction by far is the ypg ( syrian kurds ) & their allies ( ypg + reasonable fsa = sdf ) . 
  they 're actually reasonable , inclusive , democratic , have a number of allies . 
  but 1 \u00b0 ) they 're only interested in a band of the high north of the country ( ex kurdistan ) and wo n't go south and meddle with the rest of the war . 
  2 \u00b0 ) you can still sense their old communist background from their `` former '' pkk life and that does n't appeal to everyone , not going to lie : x - the southern fsa got swamped and basically hold their ground ( a mini country ) but ca n't push anymore . 
  they 're looking at negociating but well , things are n't supayr looking well right now . 
  - daesh ( aka isis , isil , is ) . 
  i do n't think i need to present the death cultists/islamists nazis . 
  do n't join them , period . 
  - various foreign powers siding with one of the abovementionned sides or another . 
  ( iran + russia with the syrian regime ; turkey with the northern fsa , gulf countries going full jihadi for some , jordan with the southern fsa . 
  lebanon neutral but the hezbollah controling de facto half their country backs assad ) . 
   the alternative would be for example syrians fighting for syria . 
  so , which faction of that mess do they join ? 
  the regime that killed a family member of every last family in syria ( they all have a missing cousin or uncle or brother ) ? 
  the fsa that is hijacked by al quaeda and outmatched ? 
   le pen is a nazi ... again , i am not a right person to talk with . 
  lepen herself might not be , but her party is full of them ; and obviously she has trouble rooting them off : ( in french but long story short one of her close ally just got caught helping a nazi skinhead murderer on the run of justice to escape french law and hide in a kkk safehouse . 
  no joke . ), 
  http://www.lepoint.fr/politique/fn-le-troublant-passe-d-un-colistier-de-marion-marechal-le-pen-09-01-2016-2008432_20.php  in my country ad personam slurs or calling people names ends the discussion . 
  this is n't a slur or hyperbole . 
  they are nsdap ( or it 's french equivalent ) participants . 
  what do you see here : http://reflexes.samizdat.net/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/grosse-ambiance.jpg  i am all for helping them remove isis . 
  well if the us wants to send the 101 or the polish wants to send it 's equivalent , i do n't think anybody would mind right now . 
   because it 's been known for a while that syrians are a little minority among the immigrant . 
  that 's not true , but yes way too many economic migrants slips in and should be refused/turned back , i agree . 
  but right now , basically the entire way we divided the mena ( middle east north africa ) / arab world blew up . 
  libya , syria , iraq , yemen are basically warzones . 
  then there are those europe did n't even had anything to do but has to handle anyway or at least pretend to to some degree because otherwise they 'll try to refugee in anyway : mali , soudan , car , dr congo , ... 
  ah yes , blame us for the russian invasion too , right / s i mean , good thing we did n't spent a year and half trying to keep the russians out of it / s and mixing ukrainians and arabs in your answer is just plain dishonesty . 
   so you 're saying that the poles should wait until tens of thousands of arabs arrive to their country then and only then they 're allowed to speak up ? 
  because that 's totally going to happen right ? 
  and then yes , instead we should send everyone to one of the deadliest frontline on earth instead as a best alternative solution / s  if either schengen or the eu ceases to exist , it 'll be the west 's doing and the west 's alone . 
  that might be true tho , we played a huge responsability in this ( and not just my generation ) : /, 
   do you really want me to remind you who invited those people ? 
  france , sweden & germany . 
  and they mostly went to those countries . 
  again , about none went to poland . 
  so de facto you are n't concerned by this crisis . 
   do you really want me to quote your media opinion on polish solution ( arming those young syrians and sending them back ) ? 
  `` give them a gun and parachute them in front of a nusra/daesh/saa machine gun in something looking like stalingrade '' is not a `` solution '' . 
  probably because that `` solution '' was even dumber and just plainly crass populism to gather votes and not a solution at all and you knew this and used mob mentality to pose as `` offering a solution '' while you did n't at all ? 
   do you really want me to quote ama with syrian talking about merkel 's invitation to europe ? 
  please . 
  hey , if you think i 'm not concerned with that syrian civil war problem at the source , please watch my post history : https://www.reddit.com/user/justkjfrost/  we provided you numerous solutions , you didnt want to accept them . 
  `` give them a gun and parachute them in front of a nusra/daesh/saa machine gun in something looking like stalingrade '' is not a `` solution '' . 
  it only makes you look like an asshole pretending you have one . 
  and an arrogant one at that that never bothered to document themselves on what 's going on there . 
   now , this syrian problems and numerous reports about rapes and assaults did something never seen for decades as opposed to insane losses of life in the middle east due to a 30 years long western clusterfuck finally exploding . 
  if you really learned about your history you 'd remember what happened to the polish capital during wwii , right ? 
  then what do you think part of syria looks like right now ? 
  `` but hey just give them a gun and send them on their way just like in libya '' right ? 
  do you know how arrogant that sound ? 
   le pen is very moderated comparing to them half her staff is made out of nazi . 
  litteral hidding nazi . 
  the wwii brand . 
  if she 's elected , there 's going to be a day where people will eat those `` moderate '' words like nobody did in syria or libya . 
  they 're `` moderates '' like al nusra or [ the taliban ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c2qgih.jpg ) turns out to be . . not that you 'd understand the reference but hey you know better than anyone right ? 
   your decissions have a big impact . 
  of course those decision do . 
  but maybe have you considered looking at what the alternative would turn out to be for real ? 
   nah not really , it was just stating a fact . 
  this is how the world works , poor people are less influencial . 
  this is n't what happened in the recent migrant crisis . 
  this is more of france & germany being stuck with a huge crisis and making quick call with their own countries ignoring the `` warning '' of countries sitting on the sidelines like poland who do n't have much to loose eitherway and think they 're clever making witty comments on it  meaning you made a decission that affects all of us , affects you ? 
  okay , how many refugees went in poland right now ? 
  about a thousand ? 
  what major negative consequences face poland in this ? 
   you are to blame , we warned you . 
  ho so now it 's directly escalating to threats for not taking polish orders on how to run france & germany ? 
  are you all out of your goddam minds ? 
   and as usual noone cared since easterners are considered as second class europeans . 
  can you not start with that russian-like victim complexe ? 
  eastern europe pretty much handle no refugee either way . 
  they mostly went to western europe . 
  polands word 's were ignored in the sense that they were n't directly concerned for most of it, 
  then the question are : - who planified it ? 
  the attackers ? 
  refugees ? 
  criminals ? 
  a terrorist organization ? 
  - in what specific goal ? 
  assaulting people like some of the police said ? 
  organized theft ? 
  spreading terror ? 
  destabilization ? 
  - and what can be done to prevent it from repeating ? 
  the german police literally complained they do n't have the manpower to focus on everything at once in the area right now . 
  possibly . 
  altho in cologne case , 32 suspects id already : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-assaults-iduskbn0um0u420160108 but , time to clean up the whole mess in the area too . 
  proper refugees needs to be rellocated , benefit shoppers sent back home , & criminals tried then flagged for deportation as soon as the sentance is over, 
  talking about calais the french gov is pushing them in proper temporary housing & rellocation elsewhere in country .
