  i hope we wo n't release pressure too fast tho . 
  some corrupt politicians are waiting just that to go back to their corrupt affairs . 
  but it 's true romania has certainly become encouraging, 
  well the worst parts of the crisis are past so i guess he can step down now . 
  plus he goes out with honor on that one ( no big scandales touching him ), 
  you ever saw a greek government contract ? 
  corruption fighting or not , not even close : /, 
  no disrespect intended , but does that even cover the bills just to get the electric lights on for a few months in a few buildings ? 
  say , that 'd be nice if y' all stopped bombing our medical ngo thank you very much . 
   is n't it always the case ? 
  for the average voter there are now `` better '' candidate that are n't hollande , like valls or fabius . 
  at that point even bayrou and jospin could make a comeback haha . 
  hollande is liked but seen as a weak candidate now so voters wants to try something else . 
  ( i 'm not saying that he is weak , i 'm pointing out the public 's feeling )  afaik fabius is pretty sick and they got him kind of a retirement job for him to finish his career . 
  he was kind of sick as of it that much is true . 
  dunno how he would react should he be offered a chance at presidential authority tho : he 'd have a lot more autonomy to push his own agenda with less high level or foreign interference  valls and jupp\u00e9 are trendy right now , will they still be trendy next year ? 
  we can not know for sure . 
  definitely , it 's just speculation at that point , agreed . 
  that 's true but that would be less of an election than `` the less worst option '' . 
  secondly , holland is unlikely to win the ps 's primary elections ( to select who will go for the ps ) , and in the right wing sarkozy is n't the only non fn candidate anymore . 
  so it 's more likely to see a valls or jupe or fabius in power . 
  edit : and some people would try to pretend macron will be candidate for the ps but lol no . 
  1 \u00b0 ) he 's a correct minister but not ( currently . ), 
  presidential material , people do n't see him as such 2 \u00b0 ) he 's right wing ump in his politics . 
  not ps material haha , so ps voters wo n't support him as such . 
  he 's been appointed as a counter point of view to the gov ( d , but he 's not a futur ps president ( or so i hope ) . 
  but i guess he could try as a right winger in a couple elections should he assume his actual political positions and collect ump support . 
  if palpatine had to be re-voted his extra authority every 4 months , maybe . 
  edit : and to answer `` then he can wait out to restart the vote later '' ; the french president is also regularly elected duh . 
  in 2017 new elections , and likely holland wo n't get re elected and all the ministers ( cabinet & government ) generally get replaced when the prez/party in power change . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_presidential_election,_2017 ( not quite sure yet who people will vote in , depends on who candidates , but it 's clear hollande ca n't win the next presidentials in france ) and unless there 's a new actual emergency he ca n't start another vote to get another state of emergency no . 
  and i do hope there will not be another attack any time soon in france or europe . 
   so i thought : if france is n't doing anything to stop the cause of this state of emergency , then when does this state of emergency end ? 
  when daesh - isis - ( likely in raqqah & mosul ) falls i 'd say . 
  both the sdf & saa are looking closely at the first one & there 's an army not too far from mosul either that could move rather fast if raqqah falls . 
  and , actually , unless reiterated ( unless a prolongation is voted in ) regularly , the state of emergency stops . 
  no , we added mentions in the constitution that if there is a state of emergency ongoing , then this and this was possible . 
  which means that when the state of emergency expires , it goes inactive too . 
  it also allows the `` conseil des ministres '' ( council of ministers ? ), 
  to declare it when there is an emergency and details what will happen . 
  we 're basically formalizing into the constitution with more precise condition what was `` temporary law '' . 
  * it does not change the fact that if not reiterated in 4 months , the state of emergency will be ( automatically ) canceled . 
  * edit : source in french http://www.lesechos.fr/politique-societe/politique/021683112481-etat-durgence-lassemblee-nationale-vote-linscription-dans-la-constitution-1198796.php edit : 4 months sorry , not 3 . 
   well , there is no counter report , and also there are no other claims against other sources as well . 
  apparently the worst [ they found in september was accusations of unfair trials which is quite petty in reality looking at that war ] ( https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2015/09/syria-abuses-mar-pyd-fight-against-terrorism/ ) soo ...  and this is about changing the demographics for a future state . 
  i 'm kindah convinced they are genuinely trying to integrate them ( under pyd dominion , true , but still ... ) . 
   i was also talking about northern syria actually , and the areas which are included in the maps and as the goals , which are mostly without any kurdish majority yeah some of those maps are somewhat exagerated . 
  we also know they likely wo n't manage in `` taking away '' southern turkey ( even if it 's going to be unpopular to state for certain sorry ) , despite showing it on some map . 
  a bit of wishmaking on some points i 'm afraid . 
   you know , why they have to change the population rates and cleanse anyone who would be a problem for them they do n't need to . 
  the war is soon reaching an end ( unless saudi & turkey decide to go all in for example in jarablus . 
  i 'd suspect it seems a terrible idea , but they seem to disagree ... ) and they control currently largely kurdish areas ( and managed to convince partly arab areas like tel abyad without much violence and got onboard some of the ex fsa ) ; and they ca n't really move south anyway for a ton of reasons . 
  hell , they are already warry of going in raqqah for that very reason that it 's an arab town . 
   since syrian kurds are just inside of some cantons that has no connections between each other , tbh i 'm not sure they will succeed in linking them . 
  demanding a right of free/safe passage seems an increasingly likely option instead, 
  well that 's one more billion sweden could recover . 
  i 'm sure they could use it !, 
  well it 's exactly why we 're funding them as of now haha , maintaining sufficient living standard and an open door to help rebuilding it . 
  let 's hope it keeps working . 
  but the proto riots are a signal to keep paying attention and fighting corruption and trying to keep everything running, 
   it must be a conspiracy . 
  well when it involves billions in tax breaks and subsidies , yeah . 
  why let public free school exist when you can own private for-profit @ $ 30 ' 000/year schools with legally indefaultable debts / s. 
  some people just do n't care about the country and would rather have all it 's money . 
  the same reason some politicians takes bribes or hsbc is lending money to the zeta cartel . 
   where do you get that from ? 
  another click-bait article ? 
  `` running out of medicine and food '' has been the scare title for over a year now and except for medicine shortages has been completely untrue . 
  they 're not because they 're on life support from friendly foreigners that pass them billions after billions to pay up the bills . 
  if they go rogue as you point out , that could easily disappear if the golden dawn start it 's full retard corruption/massacring foreigners program as they like to talk about ( because nobody sane wants to bankroll nazis in europe ) . 
  then we 'd quickly run into a situation like in the dprk where they throw military tantrums for food money . 
  `` but that 's a press clickbait boogeyman ! '' . 
  let me remind you of their party flag , that might ring a few bells : http://au.greekreporter.com/files/2013/02/golden-dawn.jpg then you might want to read on how the junta actually used to run the country . 
  because it kind of ticked most of the bad boxes for that case . 
  and some of the junta 's people are in the gd now because that kind of people always tends to gravitate to extreme right . 
  ( that and watching all the post-junta integration/democraty efforts going to waste in a few short years is seriously annoying . ), 
   for `` human trafficking title is a bit underwhelming . 
  it 's outright human traficking , and looks like sweden did a nice job again, 
  inb4 we should arrest everyone simply for being there . 
  if anyone break any common law like stealing or violence we then do our best to catch them and they risk the usual sentances , followed by deportation . 
   this seems to me more about the neoliberal agenta to enforce wage/pension decreases everywhere than sustainability [ issues ] . 
  pretty much . 
  killing wages & pensions and spending and sending all the money to 1 % er creditors ( subsidies , `` tax breaks '' , even legalizing 100 % rate fraud as `` evasion '' , ... ) is what neo liberalism do . 
  we also need to reduce flow at the source a bit right now : putting some pressure and weight on morrocco and algeria to admit back & stop their own nationals . 
   the footage `` footage '' ? 
  are we talking about the videotaped interview of former daeshis ? 
  haha . 
   and also the newspaper articles about those incidents . 
  which all quoted the same report by the turkish military ... yeah . 
   yeah , that 's why rojava maps are not just bout kurdish cantons  no , he 's taking them because he 's missing 900b and they never reappeared . 
  stole by al maliki personally from the krg ( kdp ) budget . 
  no joke . 
   like that never happened spreading stories on the basis of `` it might happen in some war , i dunno but it 's how human reacts '' kind of lack basis in ground reality . 
   but this is a dick move description of the whole attitude toward greece in recent history, 
  law and orders apply to everyone here . 
  if we 're arresting migrants that break the law and jailing/deporting them , it 's not to let pegida and the `` identitaires '' starting to act like christian taliban gangs either . 
   i 'm going to get booted out for defending both sides of a lawless border ? 
  did that hurt your feels ? 
  damn i thought the uk gov was bad , but some of you are totally out of your damn mind . 
   we are both nato chums so sharing a border with military personnel wo n't be an issue .
