   if israel gives palestine concessions - say , israel wanted 100 % and palestine 50 % . 
  they both meet halfway at 75 % . 
  but because israel gave in , palestine will keep on pushing for the middle ground again at 87.5 % and so on . 
  gaza and west bank still exist regardless how you feel about it . 
   if palestine became independent , it would turn into just another impoverished middle eastern country . 
  turn into ? 
  it already is . 
  but if the money could be funelled into something better than constant warfare weapons or tunnels ... and for that they need garrantees that the israeli army wo n't make their next landroll with 50 tanks in gaza next time they feel like it and bulldoze another serie of palestinian habs to make another `` colony '' . 
   israel has an advanced economy and provides security for the jews so on that merit alone , they are best qualified and most deserving to run the country . 
  there 's two countries and you know it . 
  gaza & westbank deserves a right to at least partial auto determination . 
   really ? 
  when politicians decided that the eec was n't enough i do n't remember many plebiscites happening amongst the member nations , do you ? 
  erh . 
  all the eu treaties where signed on a voluntary basis only . 
  that 's why you are free to leave and why i suspect the uk will possibly leave the eu for a time . 
  ( i do suspect you might come back a decade later if you leave the eu but hey your call ... )  what about the two referendums that were held about the european constitution ? 
  i do agree tho that there was a lot of abuse on that one tho . 
  if that makes it any less worse for you they tried the same abuse in france too and to use it to more or less dismantle our work legislation and align it with eastern europe but i digress ... 
   you realise that that 's not how precedents work , then ? 
  we 're not `` bending the rules '' , but this is how the entire rest of europe see it . 
  a two speed europe , where everyone is bound to the rules except the uk which can do what ever the hell it wants when it feels like it because new opt outs or different tiers . 
   hungary has the right to do the same yet the uk keeps speaking to everybody who wants to hear about a 2 speed europe . 
  and again , if nobody puts them stop blocks and they get the same `` rights to opt out '' , the first thing hungaria will do will be to embezzle all the social/welfare/healthcare money, 
   even a false prosperity could be a motive . 
  well yeah , but that kindah takes year to take root . 
  and by that i mean years during which govs are n't trying to abolish unemployment welfare or social security left & right while offering new multi billion subsidies to billionaires corporatists . 
  well we do n't want to start another war if we can avoid it ; if that 's what you 're thinking . 
  so for now we have to wait it out . 
  well , easy for you to say . 
  lots of other countries wants `` eu wide reforms '' that suit only their country . 
  then they 'll ask `` why did you pushed cameron 's reforms and not ours '', 
  well hence the possibility for states to leave if they find the eu too oppressive ;-) i think it 's a necessary check to potential abuses ( edit : and why we should keep national govs ) . 
  and i say that as a pro brussels pro federal citizen who definitely back more power in brussels hands edit : and i 'm saying this seriously because who knows who might be in power in the eu next century or later ... , having sanity checks stands to reason . 
  i 'm just watching the corrupt us congress dismantling their nice country and wonder what the founders could have done about it . 
  and now we have the opportunity to think about that * beforehand * and what kind of safeties we could also put in place while staying democratic and coherent . 
  oh , that much is true . 
  there 's still a decent road ahead of us . 
  simply speaking , it 's always interesting to start talking about it now because that way we know where we are going . 
  it 's a road map , not a change for tomorrow or in 2 months . 
  that way other countries should also know/decide whether they are interested in that long term federal futur or not . 
  edit : just to clarify i 'm talking about a 20 + y scale, 
  i 'm not sure to understand fully your question ( the part about the usa ) , sorry ; could you reformulate ? 
  soviet union : - forced membership on everyone with tanks . 
  violently suppressed anyone trying to leave . 
  - had a leadership that killed dozens of millions in cold blood , most of them even their own citizens and not in any war ( i 'm not counting wwii , i 'm talking about stalin 's gulag that were full of both western/central europeans and russians or staline & the dekulakization ) and ran terror for a number of years ; forced them out of their homes , etc. 
  - dictated all laws ignoring any and all national sovereignty and power . 
  while there is an amount of yelling between for example bruxelles & london or bruxelles & hungaria i do n't think we ever sent tanks to roll over everyone or kgb special police to disappear in secret prison the local gov in power for defying central power . 
  - immediate and exceptional suppression of all defiance to the government . 
  you 're not going to get arrested/disappeared/get your newspapper closed if you yell `` fuck the eu / whoever '' . 
  - forced people to stay inside . 
  well we 're at the exact inverse point are n't we ? 
  - had extreme poverty continent wide and refused to address the problem because that would be admitting they were n't living in utopia . 
  we have less poverty than that and we try to address it ( or admit at least we should ) . 
  - famine early then recurring malnutrition eu : - voluntary membership . 
  if the uk wants to leave in their referendum well then good luck . 
  same if another country wants to follow . 
  switzerland resists us heroically too to protect their glorious banking fraud that enriched them so much and managed to stay out too and never had to display military prowess since wwii as far as i know . 
  - well . 
  we do have a problem of foreign wars but i do n't think we run gulags . 
  and if we were to stumble on any secret prison , i do hope we will close them as fast as possible . 
  - countries still have their leaders and a large decisional power i think ? , despite regular tensions with the uk and some countries . 
  - well what with the immigration headlines , people constantly yell that brussels/germany/whoever should send more people outside of the country . 
  - nazism is declawed to a degree due to wwii true ; but dissidence itself is n't actively suppressed as far as i know ? 
  - i think we are finally trying to address the elephant in the room regarding tax money , giant fraud & wealth distribution as of late ? 
  - i think i can say we solved the hunger problem in europe, 
  fake french/belgium/german / italy passeports ? 
  there are likely 10x more fake us passeports in circulation ( because they used to get you in a lot of place in the world visa free ) ... 
  this is related to the refugee/immigration crisis is n't it ? 
  well , here and now it 's different . 
  and if you want to stick , better get used to it, 
   make the banks write down the losses from re-denominating them back into zloty , hey good point . 
  if i were pole that 'd actually look like a good idea for whoever get bailed out, 
   not if you bail them out !, 
  if you bail them out , you 're setting the precedent that you 'll bail them out in the future , if things go bad again . 
  not necessarily . 
  especially if it 's only a partial bail out that result in higher taxes for them and do n't entirely get them out ( they still have to pay in zlotis ) ; and especially if the zlotti do go higher latter ( then they get pwned ) . 
   maybe , but the message you 're sending is that they were wrong for being financially responsible i do believe that most of them that got that money that quickly likely was n't very responsible either way in the first place . 
   you 're also incentivizing future risky behavior by investors . 
  well on the contrary , if making stupid gambles with foreign currencies blow in their face they 're less likely to attempt it again . 
   , even if only 10 % earned/saved it legitimately , you 're still screwing those 10 % i 'd say it 's better to piss off 10 % of the 0.1 % richest than the other part of the population . 
  if somebody 's going to hate you either way , better to piss of 100 than 10 ' 000  if you defined it by income , as opposed to how much risky debt they took on going by that logic all the multi-trillion rich banks that have money in greece too are `` poor '' . 
  i do n't think it works that way . 
   the poorest were not the ones taking these loans in the first place . 
  i 'd suspect there were a lot of people gambling the zloti would go up & the swiss franc down if the swiss banks stopped swapping eur/chf, 
   it might not be about punishing , but it effectively is punishing . 
  making more people homeless by helping less the others or rising tax on the poor would punish a lot more people for things they did n't do/had any control over and might destroy their lifestyle . 
   one saves his money , lives frugally , and has over 100k assets . 
  well in poland it does n't work that way . 
  you do n't save 100 ' 000 $ by having a 500 $ monthly income . 
  if you have 100 ' 000 $ most of the time it 's not because you ever lived frugally it 's because either you inherited or you got lucky ( rare high paying job but it 's kindah like winning the lottery ) or you stole it somehow . 
   sweeping generalizations . 
  having 100k usd in the millenial generation is already ridiculous in the usa unless you have a silicon valley or it job or work in finance . 
  so i 'll let you guess how usual it is in eastern europe . 
  you treat it as a `` small sum '' `` you get by saving and living frugally '' like donald trump got a `` small 10 million usd starter '' from his parents . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's not how frugality works . 
   private individuals get the rewards and taxpayers get stuck with the losses . 
  crony capitalism at its finest . 
  actually if you force the richer pay the full bill or face bankruptcy/asset seizure ; and bail out only the poorest it 's not crony capitalism , it 's the contrary . 
   said he was carrying the weapons for self-protection . '',
