  i 'd suggest giving them to ukraine next big town lost ( ie if the seps restart moving ) . 
  i 'd agree sorry . 
  i was simply comparing to the death penalty ; which is still used in multiple `` reasonable '' first world country . 
  it would n't be reasonable in any manner in such a case , even going by very lax standards . 
  how about we do n't start hanging people that did n't even commited proven atrocities ( torture , rape , ... ) ? 
  : x here is more like somebody admitting to starting a firefight that might or might not have gotten people killed . 
  that 's why prison is for , not death penalty . 
  out of the battle field , death is a very last resort when citizens ca n't safely be reintroduced in society and commited the rarest of crimes . 
   this moron may have caused deaths . 
  i hope she gets ~ ~ fired . ~ ~ arrested/investigated ftfy . 
  i 'd suspect that probably deserves a suspended sentance . 
   no , i am not . 
  this may be difficult to understand to somebody who has grown in a presidential system like those in france or the us , but the whole point of a parliamentary system is that the members of the executive do not receive a personal mandate from the voters . 
  this is a point where i guess i 'll have to agree to disagree with you . 
  it is true i 'm probably a bit ( way ) too used to the french system of `` regularly elected kings '' ( edit and that i 'm not entirely impartial sorry ; and that might not be * always * a good thing . 
  a strong leader tho can pick decisions faster tho . 
  even if they are people i would sometime heavily disagree with like sarkozy ) . 
  the comission , unlike the parliament or council where all members are directly elected by the public at some level ( eu / national ) ; has also a serious democratic deficit . 
   the faz newspaper reports that schaeuble believes the commission can no longer combine its role as ` guardian ' of the eu treaties - including enforcing anti-trust and internal market rules - with its increasingly political role as a nascent eu government . 
  he could be right . 
   however commission president jean-claude juncker has been much more active , frequently phoning and meeting greek leader alexis tsipras . 
  in schaeuble 's view this strengthened tsipras ' calls for a deal at the highest political level and involving a debt cut . 
   the simmering disapproval in berlin about how the commission was handling the negotiations with greece spilt over when schaeuble publicly but greece 's handling by his majesty the german finance minister is also the kind of petty political thing that makes me want to yell ( seriously this is feels about as close as it can be to a nation being corrupt and using it 's position to steal federal money & just pocketing greece devellopement funds . 
  the eu version of the us student debt , designed to be borderline impossible to pay back , impossible to defaut on , impossible to get ride of , and that will just claim half your income for your entire life ; under the hypocritic guise of `` pay back your debts '' and `` just work harder '' by billionaire strangers ) . 
  that makes me a lot colder about his ideas ( i ca n't help but think there 's probably a huge catch somewhere in favor of his own office or germany at best ) and i suspect i 'm not the only one . 
   meanwhile , commission president juncker has repeatedly said his commission is a ` political ' one , arguing that citizens can relate to an institution that is political more than one they perceive to be only technocratic . 
  juncker 's probably doing an honest job , no complains about that , people simply need to look down the line about what will happen after juncker 's tenure in x years . 
  maybe we also should n't wait for the next crisis to blow up like greece to adress structural issues & the federal question ( ie making a roadmap ) . 
   ukip leader nigel farage has called for the army to be drafted in to help search vehicles coming into britain for illegal immigrants . 
  the title is clickbait : it 's a demand by farage , leader of the somewhat fringe group ukip . 
  however we do have to aknowledge that reinforced police presence is definitely needed . 
  maybe paris could send some police nationale ( state police , not just local ) to reinforce calais ' overwhelmed cops . 
  if you start trying former officials for trying to run the country despite such circumstances and without being corrupt , the eu is fucked . 
  f u c k e d. especially if the trial is so obviously scapegoating on the behalf of foreign powers that dictate conditions & such hard treaties by force ( namely germany & creditors & banks ) . 
  nobody will ever dare make any needed calls after something like that ; and you 'll only attract corrupt incapable sycophants of the worst kind . 
  actually it could be great for the locals . 
  some are worried however it could all end up in the pockets of a few oligarchs or local mafiosis however . 
  i hope they 'll put safeties for example to prevent resales for at least a generation or two ( or for example from just endebting the owner to force them to drop it for said debts ) . 
   and above all , he does not want to give up any powers to an institution that might end up forcing germany to reduce its surpluses . 
  if a european minister of finance were to demand that germany balances its current account , the german minister of finance would have to lower taxes dramatically and take on debt . 
   we know from the crises of the past decade what it means to create this kind of imbalances where some countries run high surpluses and some run high deficits . 
   at least not without massive fiscal transfers . 
  looks like we already have a solution . 
  just got to put it in writting somewhere too . 
  ie germany would n't have to reduce it 's surplus , just to hand over billions to greece ( and italy and spain and ... ) ( * as a definitive transfert , not a 5 or 1 % loan . 
  and give more millions every years . 
  * ) and not complain about it . 
  right , let 's elect a unremovable corrupt dictator from day 1 / s. 
  like we do n't already have that with orban in hungary . 
  europa . 
  `` use '' has to be the most ugly name i ever heard t _ do we talk about the `` confederation of america '' ? 
  no , therefore no . 
  oh yeah ukraine could in fact be cut in parts . 
  probably sometime after the non-country russian federation gets ultra-federalized at tank point too and explode between eastern russia , siberia & the far east . 
   the agency 's zeal has also drawn criticism , with opponents warning 90 per cent conviction rates belong in pyongyang not bucharest . 
  `` in romania the 10 per cent acquittal rate in dna cases is often criticised . 
  in other countries the failure rates [ are ] much higher -- around 25 per cent , '' says ms stefan . 
  yes and no . 
  simply speaking i suspect the dna & affiliated just avoid publicating data on cases leading to nothing . 
  the 90 % is what you hear about . 
  but it 's definitely good to hear about some success there , 
   of course the money comes from eu imf etc and to receive those meager dozens billions * as a loan * with massive interests they had to sign a list of conditions as long as the versaille treaty . 
  and basically promise they 'd never receive another bailout from the eu . 
  so , forget it there too . 
  that was basically the german message . 
   greece is a net recipient , there is nothing like what you describe . 
  unless i 'm wrong and in that case please send me a few links , majority of that is past loans with interests they ca n't pay either and have to pay back now too . 
  it 's not a `` net recipient '' when you start factoring in the interests and demands of backpay of dozens of millions they do n't have . 
  oh and that infra they bought with it ? 
  now they have to sell it ( `` privatization '' ) to german and other foreign oligarchs for a few percents of their value to have quick money to pay back the debts because les huissiers tapent \u00e0 la porte avec un avis d'expulsion de l'euro s ` ils payent pas imm\u00e9diatement . 
  i 'm sorry but right now and for the next 10 years their economy is litterally feeding a foreign creditors blackhole . 
  with what ? 
  their rating is officially junk thanks to schauble which means nobody lends them anything anymore and even the eu emergency loans where limited and cut . 
  that 's why the imf stepped in . 
  they litterally can not get any money outside of the bailout . 
  * the banks where 2 days from official , literall , definitive bankruptcy * . 
  and with the economy in free fall due to now borderline sadistical austerity , even the potential tax base is evaporating too . 
  ideally ? 
  greece is not an ideal case , it 's a `` shit meet fan '' case ; where all the money already left to creditors ; the rest is leaving to sch\u00e4uble 's pockets , and everyone that can is leaving the country because there is little left to the greek themselves . 
  little healthcare still available , no jobs , no pensions , no welfare no growth , no possible investment ( since all the available cash is requisitioned by foreign creditors ) ; little tourism ; fraud everywhere ; oligarchs above taxes and now even the pipeline agreement with russia that was to bring in cash flow was half sabotaged by the us and pushed back a year from now or so . 
  sure they had to cut somewhat and will have to work massively on optimizing the budget & crack down on rampant fraud everywhere and make the billionaires pay taxes ; but i 'm thinking that agreement left the country wilfully exsangue , while some loves to repeat to everyone that nobody should invest in greece or trust them because they 're all dishonest . 
  well , that 's a good start i guess, 
  if i had to hazard a definition , an integrated citizen is a citizen from foreign origin that adopt the local way of life , language , most values , at least partly the culture , participe in society in a net positive way ( whether as plain work , associations , various activities , ... ) , send their kids to school there , and generally feels home there . 
  / u/ivanow 's answer seems pretty on point too : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3eled9/what_is_integration/ctg1n59 btw , proper integration is an imperative for any successfull immigration policy at any level . 
  worrying : / merkel 's one of the few good politicians around that are n't corrupt , and massively contributed in a positive way to the eu policy . 
  i suspect there 's a place a few ~ ~ months ~ ~ weeks in jail for that kind of action ? 
  hence the idea to turn back boats to libya to stem the flow . 
  and somebody ( \\* poke \\* ) will have to allocate some additionnal troops at some point to securise some town as a brideghead there . 
  okay maybe it 'd be cheaper and safer to build a few housing concrete buildings next to it ( with water/power / ... working utilities ; essentially ~ ~ commieblock ~ ~ cheap council housing concrete buildings ; add a small church & mosque & shop since they have one ) and remove ( bulldoze ) the shanty town ? 
  less health & cleanup issues , easier control of crime . 
  appoint an hlm/social agency for the buildings , a few volunteer cops paid serious extra as guards to keep everyone calm , put their kids in school , and call it a day ( problem partly `` solved '' & hidden for a few more years ), 
  i suspect that bailing it out * this time * ( a couple hundred millions euros ) ! = having 70b ( as in 1 ' 820 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 uah ) to give them . 
  the eu probably ca n't bail it all out ; they do n't have that much money to spend ( especially after greece ; seeing how mr wolfgang sch\u00e4uble the finance minister from germany redefined policies without any place for solidarity ) . 
  we could easily secure one landing point for that ( \\* poke poke \\* ) . 
  then it would n't be more dangerous than illegal overcrowded fishing boats constantly on the verge of sinking without enough water , food or fuel to make it . 
  and once people realize it 'll just get them back in libya a serious number would stop quickly i suspect . 
  that would reduce those successfully immigrating to a more manageable number btw . 
  this is excellent news . 
  so much recovered money in sight , 
   he called for calais to be made a `` strike-free zone '' .
