  that kind of stuff is generally considered null , blank and void . 
  is it not illegal in the uk ? 
  besides , posing as legal justice while you are n't is also highly illegal in most western countries . 
  how about the uk lock those `` sharia courts '' in a cell ? 
  generally they hide in the middle east or abroad at least far from western countries . 
  good fuckin luck to arrest oligarchs hiding in the ksa , china or iran . 
  altho it means they get cut off from their european networks , loose all their assets here and influence and heavily inconvenience them ( the first time they slip and decide to get a we in monaco or vienna guess who the police wait for at the airport  . 
  how about iraq authorize the turks only to fight in but not to hold a base or permanent garrison there ? 
  i 'm sure the isf could use all the fighting hands they can get right now considering the situation . 
  that 'll give all the spies in operation the turks desperately want without necessarily ceasing them any control over the area . 
  ca n't prove he was involved in quevert but a number of his usual accomplices where , and he definitely was proven to have destroyed the millau one ( no casualties ) . 
  he did some jail ( months ) for millau and quevert likely weighed in too . 
  but of course nobody green 's going to proudly claim they accidentally murdered a waitress , somehow that 's not the pr of the century they were looking for . 
  yeah jose '' let 's dynamite mcdonalds '' bove . 
  great reference there . 
   that was fun . 
  now you should talk about all the reasons the uk is naughty too . 
  cameron 's already making his own case , i do n't need to haha . 
  at least [ he 's honest enough to play that much on the table , openly ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/eu-referendum-read-david-camerons-letter-european-council-president-donald-tusk-full-1528057 ) for his part ( and that 's a rare quality in a politician imho , do n't mind me ) . 
  unlike switzerland . 
  so yeah he does n't want to pay welfare , but no surprize backstabbing to expect any moments there . 
   to include giving responsibility for controlling a frontier with a non-schengen country to frontex , the eu 's border agency , if a member state failed to do so . 
  erh , do they intend to take control of the border in greece away from the greece security forces and by a foreign military force invading ? 
  because , if they do that , the results will be properly and totally explosive . 
  if you mix golden dawn voting greek military with german soldiers trying to take away their job by force ... that 's a perfect recipe for another incident . 
  ( large numbers of greek soldiers were fired during the greek debt agreement remember ? 
  if they see they are replaced by germans , i can tell you at least 1 % of them will try something very violent ), 
   just make it a contributory system , people ca n't even claim tax credits till they 're 25 anyway . 
  i do n't see why we need to have different rules for uk citizens . 
  it does n't even have to be contributory , just say the person needs to have lived in the uk for at least 3 years or something . 
  having worked in the country for 3 years to get welfare would be a reasonable law everywhere europe-wide ; but it would suddenly exclude an enormous number of uk citizens retiring in southern europe ( spain & southern france in particular ) and racking in all the local welfare & healthcare ( e121 means [ they can have worked in uk and get healthcare in spain ] ( http://www.expatinfodesk.com/expat-guide/retiring-abroad/best-places/spain-as-a-retirement-destination/ ) , which as you can imagine is a lot more costlier for old people since it includes retirement homes , constant medical personnal etc ) & retirement in some cases , so i would suspect they wo n't agree to it . 
  okay , bad example then maybe . 
  altho the metal detectors & proper scanners ~ ~ that are n't manned by braindead tsa ~ ~ could be an option . 
  we 're not saying that . 
  we 're saying we ca n't arrest or treat like dirt every muslim ( millions ) because there 's 1000 extremists country wide . 
  otherwise , we 'd arrest [ every last damn corsican because they were dropping explosives and killed an official ( erignac ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_liberation_front_of_corsica ) there too . 
  just like the uk wo n't arrest every irish citizens because of the ira . 
  looks like the guy is important enough to be mentionned on wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/qatar_and_state-sponsored_terrorism  in december 2013 , the united states designated abd al-rahman bin umayr al-nuaymi as a specially designated global terrorist ( sdgts ) . 
  nuaymi is based in qatar . 
  the u.s. treasury department placed sanctions on nuaymi and declared him a `` qatar-based terrorist financier and facilitator who has provided money and material support and conveyed communications to al-qa ` ida and its affiliates in syria , iraq , somalia and yemen for more than a decade . 
  '' [ 7 ] ... and known for quite some time . 
  edit : also relevant http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/terrorism-in-the-uk/11172244/terrorist-paymaster-targeted-by-britain.html, 
   the problem is that there is far less wiggle-room in islam , it being the `` last and final revelation '' . 
  hmm good point . 
  it 's going to vexate people reading this later haha , but when you meet people that fanatic ; well maybe we should look up how other western countries handle cults that managed to grow too powerful , while trying not to ignore too many human rights . 
  how did the americans do , and did it succeeded ? 
  how did australia , new zealand , ... ? 
  food for thoughts , thanks, 
  oh , sorry , i might have misunderstood your posts then, 
   private bills you can not avoid . 
  why do you use the word `` private `` then ? 
   health and education being the major ones those are free because not everyone needs a surgery in their life , but the one who do ca n't shoulder the cost . 
  so that 's why we invented `` social security '' and `` free staterun single payer healthcare '' . 
  which even started to exist in the usa because leaving 50 % of the population without healthcare coverage since years was finally starting to show negative consequences in the work environment . 
   ven denmark have some off those too - eg we have to pay public television bill and trash handling . 
  yeah , but since those are * public * services , they are actually trying to give people bang for their money , not trying to rise prices to maximise the size of their personnal bank account . 
  they ca n't put the electricity or water bill at +1000 $ overnight for everyone because they want to buy themselves another house . 
  i 'm discussing the entire subject , that article is just one part of the whole thing : they say one thing and they start trying to do 10x more . 
  you know what i would n't even be surprized if they were already doing backroom dealings at home to start fast tracking laws to deport eu citizens on short notice without even warning the eu , using anti immigrations quota as an excue . 
   what on earth are you talking about . 
  the article does not say anywhere that they are going to limit schengen in any way . 
  they will limit immigration . 
  it 's far from being the first time they tries to act on both immigration and shengen quota . 
  they officially are n't talking about shengen because they got told we would force deport back to switzerland as many swiss citizens as they would deport back europeans to border countries . 
  but after like 5 attempts that way , really , i think i can say it 's on top of their mind . 
  it 's like when the russians say that they never where in ukraine : it might not be the entire truth . 
  the swiss are hoping to seal their borders to all dirty foreigners . 
  ( except if they have a private jet and millions to hide , obviously ), 
   you are confusing schengen agreement with inter-eu immigration . 
  immigration means coming to the country to live and work there . 
  ( ... ) schengen agreement only guarantees cross-border travel and has absolutely nothing to do with immigration . 
  the reason they want to abolish shengen really is because they are pretending that people get fake eu passeports ( or are poor east europeans , something that horrify them like poles horrify the uk ) to enter the country ( il ) legally then disappear and stealz_all_the_moneyz . 
  which is bs to pander to their local electorate , cheap populism . 
   if really depends if your private bill is tax anyway - something you can not avoid what do you call `` private bill '' ? 
   the social welfare model in scandinavia also enlarge both gdp and tax ( and tax relative more than gdp ) - years with good economy with cause more taxes because of surpluses . 
  and nowadays they 're still the only region on earth that actually seem to just work and where citizens do n't end up hungry or rarely in the streets ; so maybe they got something right in all that . 
   there 's us 16-22 year old american libertarian college students with well-off parents , who know that anything is possible if you are smart and willing to work translation : `` there are those of us with cash falling from ~ ~ the sky ~ ~ our parents who can do anything , and all the rest ( read : 99 % of the pop ) who are fucked for life . '', 
  exact-fuckin-ly what kind of society we do n't want there ;  make so that you can spend it on luxuries like healthcare that you should have earned i 'm sorry but you have n't earned your parent 's wealth to being with . 
  nether did the rest of the pop earned to be screwed . 
   there are the winners and the losers , the republicans and the democrats , the americans and everyone else . 
  deal with it . 
  actually if i was taking you at the word and dealt with it i would simply wipe out your bank account and hand over everything you own to the red cross then laugh at `` the puny looser you are '' . 
   but it 's very important that in a free society we judge people 's ideas on their merits , not on our biases . 
  i do agree . 
  you are speaking the truth there . 
  tho his words about tax money are a big part of what setted me on edge . 
   but he did n't say that you made it up . 
  translate :  having the highest level of taxes is n't necessarily a good thing because i see only a `` high taxes are bad , therefore low taxes are bad '' . 
   or wanting to exclude their ideas because of the color of the flag next to their name , or the color of their skin well , that philosophy with those words has a name : reaganism . 
  so yeah , coming from regulars from america , that kind of set a red flag since reaganism is basically what finally blew up the usa 's economy . 
  and they 're busy trying to import it there while using the words `` the free market ! '', 
  and `` neoliberalism '' . 
  can we not turn the richest area on earth in another fuckin detroit where even the utilities ran away with the cash ? 
   i challenge you to have enough pride in your bigotry to stop hiding from this like a coward hey , how about fuck you, 
   now i want you to copy and paste the exact part where he said `` way too high ; i do n't want to pay them '' . 
  mind you - these quotes are yours , not mine . 
  i interpretated it as `` i want to pay 5 % less '' . 
  which is basically what reagan started with . 
  and :  having the highest level of taxes is n't necessarily a good thing it 's pretty clear, 
  i think i realize what unnerved me in his comments : talking about how the taxes are `` way too high ; i do n't want to pay them '' is how the rampant crony corruption problem always start showing up and how you end up with for-profit private schools that costs 20k a year for the cheap ones and all the remaining taxes are instead wired to some big state insurance/military/healthcare / whatever contractor friendly of $ random_politician .
