  that said there are way to make `` soft caps '' ( diminishing return lines ; ie past this income you increasingly earn less and less ) for obscene incomes ( which is what we did ) or rules of the type `` everything above 150k is taxed at 45 % , everything earned above 1 billion is taxed @ 66 % ; does not exclude other taxes that may apply till the 75 % roof '' ( what we 're currently doing ) . 
  but we did found that a `` hard cap '' ( `` everything above that is seized '' ) on income rarely work long term . 
  letting the uber-obscene-super-wealthy keeping even only 25 % of their income past that line keep incentivising them get further profit (  more tax income . 
  then you use the tax income to adress the shortfalls of capitalism and giving everyone a living & investing more . 
  be wary however because that tax money that you use to fund retirement , healthcare and unemployment and new highways and potable water is going to be the target of every corrupt politician that want to enrich himself quick ) . 
  edit : fixed numbers paper in hand , sorry ( of course the usual special seizure rules may apply in corruption/fraud/extreme multi-dozen-billions hoarding cases that damage the economy ), 
  nice one too , 
  well it 's economy will suffer seriously if ( when ? ), 
  they leave the market : / and i do n't say that because i care about the oligarchs ; i mean stuff like currency movements and tarriffs could mean things imported from europe ( e.g : electronics , cheese or books ) could cost twice as much in a couple years which will directly impact day to day life . 
  it could be compensated by a bit of a wage rise ( 15 # ? ), 
  but i do n't know whether the conservative torries currently in charge will do something like it . 
   police have launched an investigation and the authorities were awaiting a report from the coroner , but there was apparently no evidence of a break in . 
  i 'm kind of surprized at that point none of the republican-connected banks even bothered funding her if only to take control of her party . 
  guess macron costed them enough already : \u00b0, 
  i ca n't wait for the media comparisons of france and north korea, 
  it 's not about punishing eu countries ( let alone greece , who is shouldering a major part of the impact ) as far as i know ( even if there is some bickering with some on the subject ) ; the issue is that some african countries sent back ( and sometime even the initial one way ) by plane to europe rejected asylum seeker , saying they had `` no passport so we ca n't accept them '' and other dubious excuses . 
  so , if they keep giving plane ticket to europes to their citizens , we stop funding them altogether ( because there 's no point in helping politically hostile countries like that ) . 
  and i totally support the vice chancellor 's & interior minister 's position there . 
  was the pond pumped full of chemical one hope is colorant or was it a photo filter haha ? 
  yeah a `` swag '' tee shirt and a `` yolo '' cap would fit right on him !, 
  now here 's something i believe is definitely possible, 
  so essentially they need to extend the steam grid, 
  -4 \u00b0 c in france . 
  meanwhile poles are melting . 
  climate is changing , yes . 
  do n't warsaw has a central heating system ? 
   for going outside dust masks are recommended poland too already ? 
  damn maybe you could use some airfilter industry-side , displace trash burning in central plants too and use catalytic converters on cars to reduce the smog, 
   was n't it essentially an us-american colony ? 
  yeah , basically , ah plus the ksa is also one of the gop 's main oil suppliers and they 're looking at iran 's oil too, 
  i suspect breitbart and others are funded exactly to destabilize occident with false news by banking that we wo n't move against them for freedom of speech reasons . 
  that also leads again to the very questionable loyalty of steve bannon ( word is , he 's a traitor ), 
  ha ; yes about the original scotus that said that , i still do n't understand what he was trying to say ( or maybe that was just a bad excuse to go along gov policy ) ; however in the current case it 's pretty litteral i think, 
   people that make fake news about a serious matter like this should be held responsible ... 
  i believe abusively yelling `` fire ! '', 
  in front of a crowd just to start a panic movement and stampede without any real occurence is legally punishable , yes . 
  it is not recognized as `` free speech '' . 
  well that define the geography of the eu i guess ? 
  okay . 
  so , do n't take me wrong but here 's a map of the known european union : http://www.nationsonline.org/maps/countries_europe_map.jpg so , tell me , on what geographic border is lithuania sitting ? 
  the west , the east , the north or the south one ? 
  why ? 
  it 's geographically east of the region and on our current eastern border . 
  do geography annoys you too ? 
  we also call italy and spain and greece `` southern countries '' which i suspect has a bigger stigma ( associated with poverty , debts and fraud ) sooo ... 
  actually i was poking fun at a couple things and the average western citizen that 's all :p even in france , most have trouble placing all the eu countries on a blank map . 
  you 'd be surprized how many confuse denmark and netherlands or iceland and greenland . 
   so now sky news is bullshit too ? 
  yes ; they 're known to manufacture stories and went as far as paying actors for it : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/sky-news-defends-romania-gun-smuggling-story-after-journalists-accused-of-staging-arms-dealer-a7184936.html edit : and to answer the second part of your post  even bbc and the new york times is ` bad ' news to people here . 
  no it 's not . 
  bbc and the nyt have n't been invented stories like that . 
  which got them their reliable reputation . 
   every major newspaper in germany has a frontpage article about it right now oh , sorry , i do n't ( ca n't ) read german so did n't knew that bit . 
  you might have more info i do not have and be right then, 
   it is how the ats cases work however . 
  the simple existence of such a law and its history of application is an insult to the principle of state souvereignty . 
  erh . 
  i think you are reading too much in the skynews article here . 
  the only thing the article says is that the guys went to a lawyer , who wrote the paperwork and brought it to court . 
  in no way it indicates the court even had time to read said paperwork so they did n't even had time to toss it out . 
   the thing is : they can get that without going to court . 
  true . 
  good point . 
  that said it looks like they tried more to bring attention to their case more than to get anything really and skynews saw the perfect opportunity to make a clickbait headline . 
   what these people however want is financial compensation for themselves , based on the fact that their great-grandparents ( or even earlier ) were massacred . 
  yeah no i agree with you they are n't entitled to money for themselves based on that ... 
   a us court saying the court has n't said anything . 
  the plaintiff went to an attorney and filed the paperwork to send it to the court , nothing else seem to have happened as of now . 
  to me it looks like the article is simply another skynews thing . 
   what is this going to accomplish anyways ? 
  possibly admission in some history books & ( if the accused is cooperative ) some symbolic financial compensation i 'd hazard ( some grant to a charity/foundation/whatever on the topic ? ), 
  would n't be unseen but that 's not really going far in current days obviously edit : regarding reconnaissance of the historical facts ; it seem to have been documented already ; so i guess there is n't any major negationism ongoing ; the modern day germans do n't really seem to dispute it ( ? ) . 
  there is a wikipedia file here on the topic : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/herero_and_namaqua_genocide, 
  clickbait headline . 
  check !, 
  skynews . 
  check !, 
  attempt at scandale . 
  check !, 
  trying to implicitely frame colonial-era abuses on current democratic authorities . 
  check !, 
  i mean it 's possibly a legitimate lawsuit by descendants for historical review & claims ; but `` sued for campaign of annihilation '' really ? 
   former yugoslav republic of slovenia to be honest they do n't do it to insult the country but because the average reader ~ ~ is a morron ~ ~ does n't know about their countries but remember the cold war so that gives them some references to understand . 
  you say `` bosnia herzegovia '' or `` slovenia '' to the average tv viewer and he 'll look at you like you tried random words in the dictionary . 
  you say `` ex yugoslavia '' or `` balkans '' and suddenly they 'll light up and recognize the area . 
  that said it 's probably fairer to call them `` baltic states '' or `` east europe '' i 'd imagine . 
  ( and do n't take it personally , because some time ago an american on two was placing even france either in north africa or the middle east lol . 
  maybe there 's a joke on `` pin the donkey '' in it somewhere xd ) ( sorry :d ), 
  found it hilarious , admittedly, 
  there are n't much solutions for them tho apart leaving the area in the immediate : /, 
  see paul ryan and his `` free market '' ideas ? 
  he 's `` left wing '' like that . 
  as the saying goes , * it 's only a matter of time * , haha, 
  `` plastic money '' ? 
  `` punishment '' ? 
  the article is misleading . 
  they 're offering incentive to use credit cards instead of cash to reduce massive uncontroled fraud that is present everywhere . 
  well they 're not wrong haha, 
  yeah she 's in economic trouble and therefore looking for extra roubles . 
  her party has problems to find extra funding .
