  the army is on the other hand is exclusively for foreign menaces ( that has been extended to terrorism which is already questionnable , but nobody wants to send them against disarmed illegal immigrants . 
  at all . 
  they are rioting civilians . 
  that 's clearly a riot police job . 
  well there is the `` gendarmerie '' but they are a bit like cops associated with the military . 
  maybe `` military police '' more on the police side ) . 
  that would be the job of riot police reinforcements . 
  but right now ( i 'm going to be hated for stating it ... ) the gov do n't care about it and would rather see them manage to get to the uk tbh . 
  but damn ca n't they just fake papers and get a proper ticket ; or fake a ticket too somehow ? 
  ~ ~ or we could do it italian style , deliver quietly some of them a legal french-issued eu travel permit follwing a certain internal quota or criterias haha . 
  now that that would make cameron real mad i think : x ~ ~ but honestly the only real solution will be to stop the boats before they leave libya or securise a coastal city as a landing area and tow them back here as much as possibly . 
   what has syriza proposed aside from a haircut ? 
  what has syriza proposed that will keep greece from running a deficit in the future ? 
  for example that one old proposal , before the imf striked and annoted everything in red : http://blogs.ft.com/brusselsblog/files/2015/06/greek-crediors.pdf  if there are no structural reforms , greece will end up with another mountain of debt in 10 years despite a haircut . 
  well ; anyone who say greece made no proposal is of utter bad faith . 
   estimates go from 15 to 200 billion euros , if you tax that with 20 % you get at least 3 billion euros and they got that much from others sources 2 weeks ago . 
  they 'd need 10x that amount to keep the accounts afloat till the end of the year . 
   the only thing syriza have seemingly done so far is say `` no '' to any proposals from brussels . 
  `` so , which one do you prefer ? 
  cold death ? 
  slow death ? 
  painful one ? '', 
  yeah , they said no to offers that de facto abolish retirement for a significant part of the population , abolishes welfare for another , cut any poverty help , tax rises , major wages cuts for everyone in the public sector ( basically defacto garnishement ) , garnishment without limit of the wages and bank accounts of anyone with unpaid debts , and all that just to pay back money to troika billionaires and bankers ; and absolutely nothing else because the creditors refuse any concession at any level on anything . 
  color me surprised . 
  would you have done anything differently in their place ? 
  `` sign here to surrender 60 % of the money you will ever see in your life and still have no income and we will empty your bank account on top of this , for the good of the public debt ! '', 
  sorry the link is dead ( 404 ) . 
  what am i supposed to see ? 
  they have an euro printing press , physically , in that athens office . 
  just stamp a big fat `` oxi '' in red on all notes in unwashable ink . 
   the problem is that nobody trusts greece anymore . 
  nothing greece can do there , at that point . 
  hell , they even fired one of their own minister ( * as part of a democratic elected governement * ) on the demand of the creditors . 
   but it would require the creditor nations to believe that greece would actually use those ten years to reform their country , which most likely nobody does . 
  sorry for being so aggressif , but that 's about as merciful as a bailiff coming to evict somebody of their home to reposess it to some very rich bank and saying he `` feels sorry '' for the ones he pushes in the streets . 
   thats not going to work . 
  greece is n't seen as a reliable partner , there is no way a pushing back of the austerity measures going to be accepted . 
  well , then i think we 'll have to kiss goodbye to greece at least in the currency area ( possibly out of the eu entirely if some countries try to push them out altogether as punishment :\\ \\ ) . 
  it 's going to be a huge blow to the european integration program : /, 
   you 'll get used to his agenda . 
  nothing is muslims unless it 's muslims , and then you delete the thread . 
  marseille 's a town known for bank convoy attack by the mafia with military-level hardware . 
  e.g a few years ago : www.leparisien.fr/faits-divers/un-transporteur-de-fonds-attaque-au-lance-roquette-16-01-2009-375563.php ( another rocket launcher attack ) . 
  you 're just twisting facts to push your own agenda now ;-) so it 's not impossible they stole those to plot another incoming hold up :( i hope the police will catch them before anything bad happens . 
  what the hell ? 
  poor timing . 
  honest question , what good is the potential gdp growth derived from massive austerity if all the money only goes to foreign creditors to pay more debts forever , or at best some swiss account for some local oligarchs because tax-funded welfare & pensions is going to be cut too ? 
   implying there is a plan well there 's the one about leaving the euro and printing drachma . 
  :( ~ ~ or the one about printing euros illegally and cooking the books to hide it . 
  altho i do n't think they have the guts for anything like it ~ ~, 
  the replacement ( tsakalotos ) has quit too ? 
  edit : no he did n't from what i can see ? . 
  you probably misread my post ? 
  why do n't they make such a desperate last offer ? 
  : - take those last proposals : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-5270_en.htm - push back a couple years all the dates on the austerity measures ( but drop nothing on the needed reforms such as tax collection , vat etc ) . 
  - in exchange greece do n't take an haircut/debt removal ; but a `` mere '' ~ ~ five ~ ~ ten year moratorium + removal of the * interests * on the bonds and loans ( read : 0 % interests , retroactivately since the last bailout in what , 2010 ? ) . 
  they 'll have to pay everything back ... later . 
  a ~ ~ 5 ~ ~ 10 y moratorium could be presented as a huge concession to the greek public too . 
  oh and i 'd try to get hang of propagandists very far to help tsipras make a tv speech or emissions to sell that one to the greek public because after a no referendum that would really hurt . 
  if he can temporarily suspend the increase of austerity he can probably sell it as the `` only possible concession in light of the circumstances '' tho . 
  and the moratorium would give them time to recover as people speak about it . 
  dreaming ; oh well i believe the gov guys from the radio free europe or radio free asia or radio free whatever were very good at spinning things ? 
  i 'm afraid the troika wo n't understand that if tsipras outright sign in the current unmodified form after a `` no '' vote @ 60 % without real concessions from the troika too and/or massive spin ( rossya-1 war levels of propaganda ) , the population wo n't accept it ( read : maidan . ) . 
  the ideal would be seeing the troika blinking a bit but i do n't hold my breath for it obviously , haha . 
  otherwise i hope the new finance minister has a good plan , and good luck to him . 
   i 'll say that there is aproximately 0 % of chance of an acceptable proposal being given in this time frame . 
  unless the eu drop at least partially the demands on pensions/ekas and a few other things like it they 're not going to reach it , i 'd suspect the same thing yeah :( that would be the only case tsipras could say `` see !, 
  they heard us ! '', 
  to the population . 
  otherwise it 'll be seen as outright treason and `` just another gov selling us to the banks '' due to a landslide no . 
  but really , all will depend on the new minister imho . 
   if you wanted to make a complaint for the aforementioned doctor to the tax office the most probable thing to happen is that they will go for a tax check and they will tell him `` you owe 300k euros but you can pay to us 80k euros and we will say that everything was ok '' while the first with the 40 $ is about impossible to prove and will take time ; that bit about the tax office taking bribe imho has to go * immediately * to limit the state asphyxiation . 
  tax agents suspected of frauding like this should be trapped , facing immediate firing and informed of possible jail sentances for it ( and not just on paper ) . 
  ( the ideal would be making example like in ukraine ... : / ) well i believe that was the plan on paper in case of agreement but they should stick to the anti corruption bit absolutely regardless in my humble opinion . 
  well , i believe the replacement for varoufakis has quite the start of career : he has to decide with tsipras whether to cave in quietly or call in the printers to prep drachma . 
  tbh i 'm curious as to what his non-last-resort plan is . 
  nice job !, 
  now , to ensure it get put to proper use . 
  tell you what . 
  * you * tell them that they can stop eating for 2 months because in the meantime the banks all bankrupted and there is no new currency ; because hey euros officially ; and nothing in reality . 
  no euro , no drachma , nothing . 
  of course there 's always option 2 , abolish pensions , abolish extreme poverty welfare ( ekas , ... ) , take the impossible loan and new debts , and still nothing for a part of the population because no pensions nor jobs anymore due to the gdp collapsing with mighty austerity !, 
   there is only one party in greece which will gain from such a scenario : golden dawn . 
  kindah what i 'm afraid off :( they 're rating at 12 % in the pop currently . 
  [ and they are actual nazis . 
  with the litteral hitler frame hanging in their office , singing hitlerian songs and habits of breaking limbs of foreigners in the street for fun ] ( http://www.lrb.co.uk/v36/n23/alexander-clapp/diary ) . 
  greece would basically be back to the days of the junta . 
  greece will definitely have to implement at least a few bits on the agreement , altho they 'll most likely drop massively the cuts on the pensions or ekas or similar . 
  but anti corruption measures , crack down on fraud , reform of the tax system etc should definitely still be done imho . 
  i hope the greeks will still continue doing reforms ( within reasonable limits and without going for the ridiculous austerity proposed of course ) . 
  if greece is going full nk ; there 's always the option of having the greek intelligence services making super-euro illegal notes ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/superdollar ) to pay part of their external debts with it in cash ( or cleverly swapping with real notes/mixing them to feed the atm to make overabundant welfare withdrawable ) . 
  they have a press in greece does n't they ? 
  ( just kidding , just kidding ; do n't try murdering me thank you ) more seriously they could use that press to make fast `` drachma '' notes ( for example by adding a big red `` oxi '' on it on both faces ) . 
  they can make `` just work '' current debits cards in greece for a month or two ( like with a monthly 200 $ to 500 $ cap ) , technically speaking , and force utilities to look the other way on late bills for a couple months . 
  of course it 'll be problematic with the partially cash-only economy but that 'll let people eat from the supermarket the time they need to figure out everything . 
   and you have to make sure that that parallel currency is n't convertible to euros or everyone will just do that . 
  put it on an account only accessible via a special name-associated debit card . 
  make it only valid in specific places under gov contract/law like super market , landlords , etc. 
  distribute a defined amount per month , that can only be used against those goods and service . 
  put a reasonable cap on said account associated to prevent massive accumulation ( like 50k ) .
