  otherwise i 100 % agree with what you are saying . 
  the wealthy should fear the tax man , not laugh it away . 
  that should give them enough time to pass the vote , 
  well , now there 's an ongoing vote process and greece will have to follow it ; but the core proposal seems mostly agreed upon i 'd guess . 
  the same sticky points remains roughly the same imho but oh well i think the greeks should decide whether to sign it or not with the vote ( or something similar if the imf decide to restart the negociation process after the vote , on a different base ... ) then happens what happens ( if the door is still opened after the vote ) . 
  this is probably as good as it will be . 
   publish a revised strategic plan against corruption by 31 july 2015 . 
  amend and implement the legal framework for the declaration of assets and financing of the political parties and adopt legislation insulating financial crime and anti-corruption investigations from political intervention in individual cases . 
  my favorite point actually ( no sarcasm ) . 
  damn i wish greece had an anti corruption agency on the same level than the dna in romania ( an excellent example on success , imho ) . 
  the greek administration needs a lot of house cleaning and that would remove a lot of headaches . 
  now in exchange for all those concessions i think the eu should definitely give them a bit of help on the debt relief side ( or gifted growth money ; or simili eu federal cash transferts ; because they ca n't really add up further debts ... ) ; because they 'll need a bit more help too to restart their economy to be sustainable long term . 
  please bear in mind this is rt.com ; a russian outlet that all the reasons in the world to make us look like naive idiots . 
  that said if half of it is true , relocate the refugees elsewhere and put their kids in a few `` life in western society '' orientation classes before reintroducing them to normal school . 
   who is trying to buy a f35?greece?source ??? 
  yeah greece was . 
  fortunately it was dropped for all i know . 
  and apparently that was because turkey was buying it too : https://www.f35.com/news/detail/turkey-to-order-four-more-f-35-fighter-jets talk about pissing money . 
   for i know that we are struggling to maintain our f-16 and mirage fleet but yeah they should definitely maintain that one of course . 
   uprating and maintaing our current fleet is good enough for know . 
  money can be spent sensible on military hardware . 
  100 % agreed, 
   do you understand that besides thasos there is no other oil drilling operation in the aegean ? 
  this things take time and even then oil alone could not help if they never start it sure wo n't help . 
  hell , if even the damned russians could figure it out , why greece ca n't ? 
   bu no high or complex technology products like computers , airplanes , tanks , cars/ct scan machines etc etc and you buy airbuses and ct machines every days ? 
  how did you did before ? 
  it 's not magic . 
  the trade balance is just a few percent off . 
  it 's not impossible to get it within the green ; especially if you stop paying ridiculously crippling debts . 
   so you would have to sell a shittone of those metals to get one tank or one aircraft . 
  and why the hell would greece need new tanks and planes ? 
  forget it you have neither the need nor the money for it either way . 
  it 's not lockheed military crap or scams like the 4b-a-squadron f35 that are going to fix the country . 
  and if the turks try something stupid just fund place taksim and erdogan takes the way of the ~ ~ dodo ~ ~ ~ ~ ostrich ~ ~ yanukovic . 
   how many tomatoes ... * pointing at the big red/black square * how much oil/gaz ? 
  there 's a field in the aegean is n't it ? 
  how long till that pipeline works ? 
  edit : and there they say there 's dozens of billions of precious metal just lying in the ground waiting to be refined & sold : http://link.springer.com/article/10.2478%2fs13533-012-0110-2 http://www.ibtimes.com.au/china-eyeing-40b-euros-worth-rare-earths-under-greece-1369934 http://www.grreporter.info/en/hidden_treasure_greece_%e2%80%93_precious_metals_and_mineral_resources/6639, 
  simple question , do you truly think the greek economy is only ~ ~ bananas ~ ~ tomatos ? 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/eb/greece_export_treemap.jpg why not calling people desert goat herders while you are at it . 
   after 2 weeks , the crazy government had destroyed all these achievements . 
  yes i 'm sure they definitely were responsible for all the maturing burrowed money nobody could pay / s look , what do you expect ? 
  rising ad vitam aeternam the vat and the abolishment of the safety net just to feed german banks ? 
  be real . 
  you do n't need to manufacture computers to help with the trade balance . 
  even food or raw steel can help run the numbers . 
  no , functional tax system is good . 
  i meant , there are other troubles in the country on top of the tax system . 
  fixing the tax collection is one critical point , but let 's not claim victory too fast once that much is done . 
  i would n't go as far as saying `` fixed '' , but that would definitely go a long way . 
  there 's a lot of wealthy people with stashed money that should pony up their part . 
   you want to import oil/medical/engineering but you 've used up all your euro well now that would be stupid . 
  that 's what capital control and making reserves and saving what precious euros they still have ( dozens of billions ) are for . 
   but in the end when you need to pay your own army to keep law and order you 'll have to print lots of drachma that will devalue it and break the peg . 
  well not if the system is at equilibrium in country and they collect sufficient tax and recover about as much drachma for example with state run stores . 
  or buying it back on markets with extra euros if they have a lot of spare euros ( for example with rushing for a positive trade balance ) . 
  of course that mean they 'll somehow need to get a positive yearly trade balance : / fast paced industrialization & diversification is probably needed ( hopefully without making it on the blood of anyone unlike what the soviet did ) . 
   the seller will laugh and say `` keep your currency , give me $ , # or $ or other wise fuck off '' or what ? 
  they 'll get in greece and take euros by force ? 
  more seriously , the principe of a default is that the bond and loan owners ( potentially ) * loose * money . 
  even if they hate it . 
  getting value back in drachma temporarily pegged ( or floated ) on the euro would actually be a gesture instead of `` you get nothing back , we do n't pay you , get lost '' . 
   , and maybe if they actually had a legitimate case ah there we go , it 's also to de legitimize the greeks right to decide their own future . 
  creepy . 
  that referendum happends now because the current terms of the negociation are just too big for syriza to enforce alone on the public without their consent . 
  denying it is abusive . 
  right , cutting an entire country short and cause them to go bankrupt because it takes a few more days to get an agreement , what a great idea . 
   euro debts will have to be paid with euros and it 'll be `` take the drachma or get nothing '' if they do it properly . 
   fuel and other imports will have to be paid for with euros/dollars that they do n't have . 
  which is ( vital imports ) something they should reserve all the $ in the country for . 
   even with the debt erased greece can not sustain it 's government spending without first printing a new currency into infinity . 
  without paying insane debts or interests , cracking down on fraud , and by nationalizing/exploiting the ressources in the ground and the biggest frauding industry ( ship owners ) and banks and quickly building a state-led diversified industry they can equilibrate the budget ( if they do everything right . ), 
  and still cutting corners a bit ( ie implement 70 % of the agreement but alone . 
  it 's still going to be unpopular damn ) . 
  but it 's going to break quite a few eu laws and make people screaming , i 'm aware of it . 
  but well , desperate circumstances means desperate measures . 
  edit : i do n't know whether they 'd do it but i believe they definitely still should implement the tax fraud crackdown , get help there to do it ; and implement the bulk of the cuts agreed regardless whether it 's signed or not ( but not the hardest parts like the ekas stuff or the entire pensions cuts etc ) to help make the whole thing viable . 
   and is now trying to have one solely to gain more time . 
  if they tried to buy time they 'd try buying more than 5 days . 
  the troika is just trying to make the negociations as costly as possible to force greece to accept a shit deal that means collecting the pensions of it 's citizens and hope they have to pluck in their accounts to make up the rest . 
  ok syriza screwd up by not doing it 5 months ago , but refusing 5 days now this is blackmail . 
  and the only thing they 'll get is the 150b defaut . 
  actually it means they do trust the gov. 
  just not the ones holding the accounts . 
  possible : the banks get told to stop paying foreign troika debts immediately ; and default on various debts ; collection of various debts people could pay them abroad to help recover a cash pile to help endure the storm . 
  partial capital controls on big flows in euros leaving the country . 
  creation of their own currency temporary pegged against the euro , and the big debts get paid back with it . 
  some time is given to said drachma bag holders to convert it against industrial goods in the country so they can get something in exchange and limit their losses and it helps the remaining industry . 
  sometime after , the new currency is introduced to the general population too and the peg to the euro becomes a lot more flexible . 
  `` ideal case '' if they decide to do things right and manage to make the numbers viable : the government will have to subsidies common consumer good imports and/or start their own supermarket chain at artificially low prices to maintain lifestyle for some time ( lower possibly the subsidies over time ) , using their remaining cash flows of foreign currency . 
  subsidise to some level energy prices too and reinforce ( if needed ) laws to protect your principal home against eviction in case of personnal bankruptcy / financial difficulties ( possible state help for the poorest ) . 
  they 'll also need a way or two to maintain foreign currency to flow in the state coffers on a continous basis to keep the system at least partly running . 
  they could start possibly some industry , nationalize shipping companies ( altho compensating the owners * fairly * , in printed drachma . ), 
  and other big companies/sectors that always evaded taxes , or nationalize/exploit any natural ressources . 
  also : - the need to build quickly mass production industries to help cover the trade balance dramatic deficit . 
  - finding a way to allow companies to import whatever they need in the country and getting the needed euros for that without hemoraging the country nor becoming venezuella ( where it 's impossible to find anything and everyone smuggle blackmarket foreign currency ) . 
  tho i think they have somebody a lot smarter and better than me at that kind of thing haha, 
   or the idiotic demands for `` reparations '' from germany ? 
  that one was an obvious desperate mesure to get debt relief and underline that germany got it for it 's own part while greece is getting economically willfully drowned .
