  using the lawful evil `` it 's legal '' answer is shooting the country in the foot . 
   is it the eu 's fault ? 
  ^ ( nah it 's capitalism so it 's murica 's fault ! ), 
  are you under kool aid or something ? 
  you realize we are n't 1200y ago and what was ok at the time might not be ok now ? 
   greece looks like a turd compared to italy . 
  \\* screams angry acropolis builders rolling in their tombs \\* xd nah it 's a beautiful country , nice coasts , beautiful monuments and architecture , interesting agro landscape , friendly people , etc. 
  you 're just a bit jaded because you live there i guess, 
  yeah if this goes on you might have to find some time/money to use that eu passport and do some tourism haha, 
   this case is crystal clear . 
  nothing will happen . 
   the infrastructure , education and healthcare now are funded throught taxes . 
  you mentioned the next generation . 
  we do n't fund the future generations . 
  the school you are funding now are training the next gen of workers . 
  if a couple years down the line you have to close a number of them or people are out of places for higher education ( or ca n't afford university for lmd because it 's now for profit and 20 ' 000 $ a year ) because the budget collapse for lack of tax income , it 'll do a real number on the economy . 
   no , this wo n't work . 
  there is a good chance that people born after 2000 wo n't see a penny of the taxes they payed for retirement when they retire . 
  talk for yourself , i do n't agree with this situation . 
   apart from that i agree . 
  those tricks are n't clever though . 
  i disagree , the double irish & dutch 0 taxes guaranteed sandwitch was very clever . 
  took 10 years for authorities to even react . 
   there is n't really anything we can do to stop that . 
  apart declaring all those loopholes void and simply collecting taxes you mean . 
   there is n't some kind of international law that states that companies have to pay taxes in a certain country . 
  no , but they pay 0 % in europe and that can largely be fixed . 
  the system big picture do n't care whether they pay in germany or romania ( as i understand it due to automatic shadow balancing of tax contributions indexed on the gdp , so if they all declare & pay in romania gdp rise and romania pays more and get a bit less ... ) , but if they do n't pay anything anywhere , like a lot of corporations are currently doing ( with sometime a system of 40 + shell companies and financial circuits that look more like cartel money laundering than corporate holdings ) , we have a problem . 
   have you read anything on that other than the title of this post ? 
  because obviously the article says everything there is to know on that case and officials are proud to admit they just took many euros and even says it in newspapers / s but do n't worry , if this goes to trial , there will be a clean up . 
   how has that anything to do with this case ? 
  because that 's ( not paying taxes ) the libertarian mentality nowadays and they encourage big corporations to do that everywhere . 
  and that almost killed several countries in europe . 
   you do understand that our taxes today do n't pay for any of those things tomorrow right ? 
  you are blatantly wrong . 
  infrastructure , education and healthcare are funded throught taxes . 
  if you stop collecting taxes on all the big corporations ( ie the majority of the economy nowadays ) you ca n't fund the system anymore . 
  and no , `` private for profit healthcare '' and `` private education for everyone [ that can afford our prices ] '' got blatantly proven as simply not working . 
   in fact taxes will rise because we have more and more old people that only works if you do collect them . 
  which was n't happening here . 
  and basf is far from being the only case . 
  cf apple , mcdonalds , microsoft and plenty of others company caught red handed doing exactly the same ( using clever financial tricks and dozens of loopholes in a row to legally not pay anything anywhere ) . 
   bribing has nothing to do with tax avoidance . 
  yes it does . 
  for example if you bribe 10 ' 000 $ officials so that they let you fraud ( `` evade '' ) 150 ' 000 ' 000 $ of taxes per month by `` forgetting '' to close loopholes . 
   they actually paid their fair shair of taxes no they did n't since they did n't paid anything . 
   just some of it not in germany nor anywhere else . 
  that 's kind of the problem . 
   this is completely legal . 
  ah so there we go back to the `` i know we are c ** ts and the next generations wo n't have universities or healthcare or retirement but it 's legal for us not to pay taxes '' that killed greece . 
   but they should really change eu law so this does n't happen anymore . 
  yes , yes they do . 
   and a numbering scheme that could convince anyone that whoever drew up the street layout was surely both an alcoholic and a sadist ( `` oh , so it 's 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 42 , 40 , 38 , 36 , 17 , 19 , 21 , 23 ... '' ) . 
  ^ ( i 'm kinda reassured to know it 's not me stumbling repeatedly on an isolated thing nor just a france-only urban habit :d ), 
   is that photo supposed to look horribly depressing ? 
  haha ; joke apart some people find the white sky ( and lack of blue sky ) in a lot of those cases depressing i think, 
  the story that keeps on giving ha, 
   what are you talking about ? 
  past proven exemple of corporations bribing their way into getting what they want in germany  `` tax fraud against the federal government consists of the willful attempt to evade or defeat the payment of taxes due and owing '' that 's exactly what basf intend to do , using twists on wording of the law . 
  the lawfull tool is used with an unlawful goal in mind . 
  kind of like how `` campaign contributions '' are legal in the us ( you can just cut a check to a politician ) but anyone with a right mind will recognize it 's open corruption and bribery despite being openly legal . 
   cases like this there are always several reviewers from different areas involved . 
  that did n't appeared to stop rheinmetal in the first place , obviously . 
  i do n't think i 'd be surprized if i were to find out that basf used the same kind of bribery . 
   are you aware what `` evasion '' means ? 
  when you twist the law by playing on technicities to pay so little taxes on over of 180 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 $ of profits over 15 years , i think we can talk of outright fraud . 
  it 's a mistake by the lawmakers ( parliament ) a mistake is when you drop a bit of sauce on your tee shirt or accidentally erase your latest movie or lost your keys . 
  it 's not a mistake when you loose months of federal budget to a single company . 
   germany and all other countries actively and knowingly allow for certain loopholes in order to attract mnes . 
  this is dishonest because basf was founded in germany and profited from the economy there to become so rich and a multinationale . 
  they were n't `` attracted '' and certainly do n't need such tax breaks . 
   making people believe that germany just missed out on $ 1bn is just poor journalism . 
  no it 's not . 
  i do n't see companies refusing profit just because a small percentage is taken as taxes . 
  and that small percentage quickly pill up when you are talking hundreds of billions of profits over years . 
  profit coming from rich customers that can only stay that way and keep spending only when you have a working ( tax funded ) society with ( tax funded ) schools and infrastructure and such . 
   germany does n't profit one bit from letting them avoid 1 billion in taxes . 
  no but frequently corrupt politicians do . 
  it 's unlikely an `` evasion '' of 1 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 $ of tax money from a single corporation was n't helped at some point by some politicians ( if only by looking the other way in exchange for bribes ) . 
   all international companies if they are from germany , france , netherlands , us or any other country will avoid to pay taxes . 
  it 's a part of their job to make money then that mean we likely need to make tax fraud painfull enough that they wo n't take the risk and see it as a valid commercial strategy : / like by making the sanction equivalent to 500 % of the evaded amount . 
  well , that 's certainly concerning . 
  germany passed a pot of gold right there . 
  and that makes people wonder about all the other big companies doing the same we did n't hear about . 
  : x i hope the government will recover the missing taxpayer money , because a fraud of more than 900 millions legally allowed is kind of a huge deal . 
  hey i 'm not religious , but i work with plenty of muslims for professionnal reasons and i do not like the idea of some wing nuts asking us again to push millions under a bus `` because they are of the wrong religion '' . 
  that more or less frequently ends up in genocides in europe ( catholics , then protestants , then jews , then ... ) ( if not now , in 50 years because racists start feeling it 's ok ) , so niet . 
  and i suspect some tv channels & medias love to push the most racist , intolerent , nutty radical islamists they can find on tv as a scarecrow ( '' * see what happens when we tolerate muslims !, 
  that !, 
  * '' ) , to push their own xenophobic agenda . 
  in france most muslims we have here do n't call for jihad , do n't want to join isisstan and do n't look like a bed that grew up a pair of legs . 
  it 's pretty obvious this women is of the more radical kind , like frequently some muslim converts with something to prove, 
  muslim ? 
  that 's not a `` muslim '' when you hide beneath a curtain ( with barely a slit for the eyes ) and call for jihad ; that 's a fundamentalist . 
   32-year-old convert problem is , the muslim equivalent of the kkk seems to be spreading lately  syria as the promised land the islamist jiadhi radical territory in syria promised land ? 
  like for those that daesh sold for slavery by the thousands in their market in raqqah ? 
  she 's arguing qualified suicide . 
  people like her would probably be fed up even in a simply `` conservative country '' like egypt in a couple years . 
  she likely has no idea what she 's actually talking about, 
  by islamists/local jihadis , yeah .
