  agreed . 
  on the immediate level , at the very least we could relocate part of them and give italy money . 
   alfano said he would ask the eu at a meeting of interior ministers on tuesday for `` fair distribution of migrants , camps in libya and a serious policy on repatriation '' of economic migrants . 
  that has to be put on the medium term planning : / ---------  any such plan for camps would hinge on libya 's opposing factions reaching a political agreement , well looks like we will have to `` convince '' the islamists to stand down . 
  ( renzi 's starting to be * really * pissed and we ca n't ignore the situation any longer , it 's obvious . 
  we 'll need to deal with libya , and it 's probably going to be a race against the clock ), 
   the tax exemption for the shipping magnates is unusual , to say the least . 
  agreed that this ( basically a legal tax evasion  fraud ) is ridiculous . 
  the gov `` simply '' have to make the numbers add up . 
  so if they ca n't cut more , they have to rise the tax on the super rich . 
  a tax exemption on ultra wealthy shipping magnates is absurd . 
  that 's definitely a problem . 
  so , the question does stand , what are we going to do in favor of the greek population itself . 
   erdogan put merkel in front of a turkish flag ; they disrespect her : that 's mainly my personnal opinion more than anything else ; but i 'm more concerned with the journalists trials than a flag and small breaches on protocol tbh, 
   , but if you listen to sch\u00e4ubles opinion on france at the moment you can see two things a ) a discontempt for democracy and alternative economic ideas yeah there 's a lot of bad blood with him after greece and earlier ( because he was attacked by a fringe rogue left winger and left paralized , unrepairable neuro damage if i understand ) . 
  part of the left wing quite hates him and it 's obviously reciprocate ( probably partly since from his attack , hard to blame him for hating them after that ) ( but on the other hand he probably deserve a bit of the hate for the refusal to drop greek debt just to put more money in german pocket ; but restarting the subject and hate is not the topic at hand . ), 
   i do n't know , we were told at the time that people were entering germany and staying/working illegally and that 's why a visa requirement was being imposed . 
  lol ; mostly they miscalculated and too many people joigned too fast which caused them to revise policy ; well here the agreement is already the revision aimed at reducing numbers . 
  i think most people would rather have 300 000 turkish tourists spending money on the beach than 1m immigrants . 
   the uk was one of the last . 
  yeah times have changed , now they want to expulsate even other eu citizens ...  i happened to sit next to some consular officer of the uk on a plane and she told me there 'd be planeloads for people from turkey you think they say that only about the turks ? 
  spoiler : they say the same * daily * about * e v e r y * other eu citizens painted as `` illegal immigrants out to steal our jerbs and bread '' ; because the torry party is half rotten and stolen so much money ( to the point where the nhs is crashing because doctors are left borderline unpaid ) they 're simply looking for scapegoats to blame for it and immigrants are the perfect one . 
  at that point i 'll just randomly take the headline on the front page of the most readed newspaper in the uk and ... yeah bingo more propaganda about how the other eu non uk citizens are just all evil migrants stealing our moneyz blah blah blah : http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/7125605/cameron-brake-benefits-eu-migrants-unlikely-huge-impact-migration.html, 
  how much does turks themselves represent on illegal immigration statistics , whether one way or another ? 
  my assumption would be not high ? 
  i suspect most of those already present in continental europe are in germany or from it because the german gov asked them to come for labor 40 years ago , a bit like the uk with the pakistanis . 
  please also remember that a visa ( or lack of ) is not a residency permit . 
  even eu citizens have to vacate most other eu countries if they do n't have a job and/or a stable situation ( e.g : attendance to university , a stable address , income , ... ) and the proper paperwork within x months edit : eu-legalese rule of thumb is 3 months for citizens of other eu countries according to that pdf http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/bibliotheque/briefing/2014/140808/ldm_bri ( 2014 ) 140808_rev1_en . pdf ( altho some countries are a bit more lenient , it 's up to them ), 
   i ca n't gauge what the public sentiment is in the eu ( hardly ever been there [ visas , see ! ], 
  well if i have to be a bit arrogant , it was sold ( rightly ? ), 
  as a `` necessary cost to reduce the immigration flow you yelled at us for so much '' . 
   but if an overwhelming flow happens ( just like with arabs ) if it goes by turkey , well it 's a breach of the agreement on the turkish side , but that 's not currently the case since they apparently manage to hold it nicely as of now ( ? ) . 
  if it goes by elsewhere like libya , the eu will address it independantly ( like bruxelles is currently trying to with italy and libyan interlocutors ) . 
   political bodies do yield to public pressure . 
  you can make that argument against any agreement and law ever . 
  so if i understand you are a turk so i 'm not sure i follow you , are you against having soon a visa-free passeport yourself without additionnal costs or . . ? 
   the visegrad group already said it will not play the game . 
  schengen is suspended overnight . 
  that 's why brussels is negociating with them currently . 
  but i suspect turks are more interested in visiting paris , germany or london than rural poland ( sorry poland ) or the coastal beaches south ( even albania , montenegro , etc ) as of late . 
   there is a brand new a fence that put greece at the wrong side . 
  you mean the reuters article linked in your link ? 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-fences-insight-iduskcn0x10u7 ... that wall is only blocking people that do n't pass at checkpoints , ie smugglers , on the main non naval smuggling route ... 
  if you have papers and passeport you can just show up at the main gate and pass it . 
  and soon you 'll only need ( biometric ) passeport . 
   i speak daily with people in poland , they never will accept any refugee . 
  and the turks are n't refugees they 're holyday vacationers , but hey please by all mean just repeat the usual `` all turks will all stay illegally ! '', 
  because , like , they ca n't already do that with a visa if they want to ... 
   the eu is n't committing to visa-free travel for turks forever well looking at how the uk is wondering whether leaving the eu you can argue than eu states are n't committing to join the eu forever either . 
  but there 's no hard expiration date , and as long as turkey keeps honestly taking/keeping refugees ( like they currently do ) instead of shipping them to europe or looking the other way to smugglers , we 'll look at keep it open . 
  i do n't see yet major reason to void it soon bar an unforseen major diplomatic incident/opposition ( like on the scale of the one we had with russia recently ) . 
   we had a coup and a tight post-coup regime etc. 
  now to address the elephant in the room , yes the situation in southern turkey with the turkish army fighting pkk and the journalists getting arrested left and right are a problem . 
  and yes one day the visa free agreement might be used as political leverage if there is a more serious war-like problem croping up . 
  but if you are asking whether the eu have a secret plan to end it , not as far as i know . 
  and even if it 's going to cost us a billion , we 'll keep doing it . 
  european union . 
  i was refering to the fact that our gov push it despite inner political resistance arguing that '' [ turkey does not fit criterias ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4fsr4s/turkey_meets_less_than_half_the_conditions_for/ ) '' . 
   actually , if it happens at all , it may not last . 
  hey that 's not true !, 
  unless you secretly plan to something like declaring us war or firing artillery at cyprus or sinking a greek warship or shooting our spotters in syria or kidnapping eu citizens or something like that ( trying to anticipate the case where a crazy ~ ~ er ~ ~ gov ends up in power there ) . 
  but joke apart , unless violence happens , we 'll tend to stick to it . 
   these things got instituted for a reason in the first place , generally sticking to our agreement is important to keep international trust , i think . 
  even if it might costs us economically a bit of money to keep visa free going in decades , it 's going to be less than loss of diplomatic relations . 
  i 'm just saying you 'll likely have it next years for your holidays , but that everything going on in the eu that is n't fast tracked because of do-or-die emergencies like syria or ukraine 's war or greece 's bankrun takes months to settle for the fast stuff ( like a big international agreement  ttip negociations still ongoing , brexit referendum on june 23 iirc , etc ) ... 
  lol right , this is just her afd political opponents spreading rumors because they see a chance at trying to take her post despite her massive popularity . 
   let 's wait till the troika visits paris ;-) and tell how the french has to run their country well we 're de facto kind of part of it so ... and we 're not yet a huge economic mess like greece so they are n't as interested ...   http://www.causeur.fr looks like dubiouspoliticalrumors.fr ( website non existant ) you mean   all the countries you name except for italy are no founding members the uk and spain might as well be founders or at least heavy hitter states ... 
   there is no visa-free travel for turks . 
  ( source : i 'm turkish . ), 
  it 's ongoing , because there are no new arrivals on the island of lesbos so turkey held it 's word . 
  but we 're basically ignoring half our visa charter to grant that to turkey , so that cause quite a bit of yelling at home and there are negociations going on with states opposed to it in the eu . 
  realistically , it might take as much as 6 months, 
  that article is just plainly wrong haha . 
   '' the franco-german european relationship is clinically dead since the chancellor had the eu conform to the dictates of erdogan , without even bothering to consult the elysee . '' lol ; i do n't know where they got that one because we frenchs did just as bad in our own manner . 
  it 's definitely dead over greece ( the country where european economic policies goes to die ) and the second the topic goes back on the table , but i 'd think there 's some decent franco-german cooperation on other questions . 
   `` angela merkel , who negotiated alone with the turkish prime minister , imposed what had been agreed on fran\u00e7ois hollande . 
  this is the first time a french president was securely kept out ! '' 10 ) uh , do they even proofread themselves or do i not speak the same english ? 
  he just said word for word that germany & france had an agreement on what to negociate with erdogan ??? 
  we were n't let out by any standards on that question !, 
   again paris does not carry much weight in shaping the future of europe whatsoever . 
  at that point i would suspect the author is trolling us frenchs  it comes as no surprise that fran\u00e7ois hollande said the same day that france would reject the deal , because the lobbies in the us keep pressuring to include isds and to remove our osha-like standards while we refuse , that 's all . 
  we are actually interest in a deal too , just not exactly the one pushed on the table ... 
  confusing a block refusal and a disagreement on some points that might or might not block a specific trade agreement depending on whether the us compromise on that or not ...  some start to understand brussels is a german trojan horse in the eu , ahahah , ridiculous . 
  how are founding core members infiltrating the organization they founded ? 
  is nyc and w dc infiltrating the usa ? 
  tbh i heard the same words about the uk being an us trojan , france , spain for the debts , greece for the russians , romania for corruption , portugal for the smugglers , italy for migrants , ... well every european country under the sun in fact . 
  i do n't disagree in the sense that the executive is still upheld to the law too and not above it . 
  i simply encompassed the 3 branches ( law enforcement + justice ; legislative ; and executive ) as all part of the words `` the government '' as in `` the various legal bodies running the country '' . 
  it 's probably my broken english that 's showing a bit . 
   with those vests will not care anymore what the local law says oh that 's what they said . 
  turns out the courts and real police do n't care about them very much either . 
  turns out saying `` i do n't like the law my religion says ... '' is n't a `` get out of jail '' card , somehow . 
  if they want an islam only country i 'd suggest they head somewhere in the middle east instead . 
  no , no `` yet '' to apply there . 
  a good thing . 
  they are not the law in europe , the government is . 
  you 're talking like bribery and corruption where anything new . 
   anyway , this is exactly as predicted . 
  this agreement , just like the tpp , will force countries to roll back their environmental regulations unless they get sued by unregulated american corporations for `` unfair competition '' . 
  so i guess it 'll be no then .
