  and if you start a vpn to access it anyway , your internet stops working 24h or it all goes on `` roaming '' at 24cts/mbyte ( expect 200 $ bills ) . 
  and when it 's time to upgrade in 10 years , they 'll pull a comcast and just block out large websites like facebook or youtube to save bandwith and just buy a new car to executives with the upgrade money . 
   why would anyone create well paying jobs in a crime ridden neighborhood full of people without skills ? 
  because if we never invest in training people , giving them skills , you have an entire generation occident wide with no skills , no income , huge debts and a few oligarchs with all the money of the world in a few swiss accounts . 
  might i point out how this is a recipe for disaster ? 
  inb4 that does n't happen in france . 
  let 's start with people caught : martin bouygues . 
  etc etc. 
  then what happen when the people in charge have 0 % approval from anyone , does n't serve the population at all and ignore entirely their interests ? 
  damn , it 's almost like there was a very bloody precedent in french history that involve a lot of poor peasants who do n't even know how to read / s, 
  the excuses are always good , credible and well thought out . 
  but until somebody decide to stop finding new excuses and create jobs with a living wage ( or give the money directly . 
  ) , it 'll keep being an issue . 
  it 's like sopa & co. 
  the corporate lobbysts have entire crews of dedicated lobbyist who are paid to spend their day trying to get the same law passing , over and over until it happens . 
  if anyone wonders why it 's so important ; tl ; dr : it allows companies to spy what you are doing on your internet line , and decide that something are `` prioritary '' on the internet . 
  and by extension , by reducing or not increasing size of the tube ( in like forever ) ; they can slow down everything else to ensure their favorite service keeps speeding over everything else . 
  what do that mean ? 
  that for example french provider orange can buy a vod company , and decide youtube is `` not priority '' so it 's so slow it becomes unusuable . 
  then they ask youtube for money and if the company does n't pay then youtube is unusable . 
  and then they ask the customer for additionnal money too if he want to be able to keep accessing youtube . 
  and money for the email box . 
  and money for accessing reddit . 
  and facebook . 
  and ... 
  in one image : http://i.imgur.com/5rrwm.png why is it a scam ? 
  well ; imagine if the power company mandated a webcam in your home to see what you plug in . 
  and if it 's a fridge you have to pay the fridge supplment . 
  and if it 's a computer , the computer supplment . 
  and if it 's a light , the light supplement . 
  oh and no you are banned to use that washing machine from a company that did n't pay them a bribe ; or if they see you doing it , the power company cuts you all power and put you on a secret blacklist . 
  they could limit the stop & frisk , put body cams on all cops ( mandatory during service hours in the field ) , and rehabilitate the neighborhood ( renovating buildings , paying people to clean up the streets , etc ) . 
  and bring in activities to occupy the youth and bring in jobs . 
  maybe gov ones if there is no company willing to go in . 
  create local jobs ; and pay people a living with good conditions . 
  they 'd complain a lot less about their future . 
  ( ah but true , austerity , no money to pay anyone apart the creditors is better blah blah blah ), 
  i love how they keep inflating massively ratings ( 60  90 ) . 
  do they have something that bothers them much there or what ? 
  very interesting ; it 's good to have first hand accounts ; and this one seems very fair towards the situation . 
  thank you, 
  \\ #totallyworthit, 
   it gives human smugglers a fantastic bargaining position . 
  the problem is if they do n't say it they are accused of helping the smugglers by giving them an open door . 
  but if they close it they help the smugglers too ? 
  please . 
   it gives human smugglers a fantastic bargaining position . 
  i suspect part of the problem is that there is no differenciation for migrants and refugees right now . 
   `` we 're now full '' . 
  that what they are thinking of doing yes , and it 's hard to blame them right now . 
  they are clearly already doing their part . 
   people do travel thousands of miles for more money , leaving everything behind , even if their home country is not a warzone . 
  a prime example is mexicans and central americans going to the usa . 
  they suffer gangs , deserts , long journeys , cartels , forced recruitment to a cartel , being drug mules etc. 
  sorry if i sound hauty ; genuine question ; do n't most mexicans currently crossing flee exactly those cartel you describe and the attached violence in mexico ? 
  i also remember a lot of them heading towards california/new mexico/texas which i suppose is a lot closer to what they knew home than some random flyover backwater town . 
  i might be totally biased tho because i do n't really know most central american states . 
   greece does n't want the migrants either hmmmm . 
  maybe the eu could officially rent ( rent . 
  not sell ; and certainly no loss of sovereignty . ), 
  them a small uninhabited island to build there a refugee center ? 
  greece could sure use the money , it 'd reduce the pressure on turkey , and spare most of greece 's lands and other islands too ( since they could just redirect them - if necessary with police force - away from kos/lesbos/the mainland/etc toward that island ) which would allow at least proper processing ( and therefore help identify/turn back economic migrants ) . 
  well ; that 's a different problem . 
   they fled to europe for safety , they went to germany for money . 
  that much is 100 % true . 
   tell me with a straight face that those `` refugees '' didnt pass a single safe country on their way to germany . 
  that 's benefit shopping tho , it 's a different issue and there 's no reason to accept it , agreed there . 
  and obviously i 'm not the only one that thought so , since it went far enough that juncker proposed to spread the load in europe with the [ refugee quotas proposal ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34193568 ) . 
  i believe you know the rest . 
  [ and those who do n't come from a warzone can simply be sent back . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3pm861/germany_may_use_military_planes_to_speed_up/ ), 
   the main reason they are in germany is money . 
  oh for fuck sake let 's cut that shit a minute . 
  syrians are fleeing war . 
  tell me with a straight face that you 'd leave your entire family , life , house , all your belongings , and everyone you knew behind for 10 years for a 1000 $ / mo rise in a foreign country where you do n't speak the language , the other side of the world ? 
  ( edit : now ; that said , there is no reason to accept any benefit shopping . 
  but that 's something else ), 
   the country will still be in dire straits for years to follow . 
  i agree , but it certainly wo n't take until 2050 to be livable enough so they do n't qualify as refugees on sight anymore . 
   what makes you think that they would ever return ? 
  revocating the statut of refugee would allow to send back a large number of them . 
  i mean , there is a precedent with wwi for that , with belgium refugees ; and the very pattern of that story fits up until now : http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-28857769 there is also a big number that will simply want to go back home too . 
  both of course edit : to expand , those projections are ridiculous because they assume that an unlimited number of syrians and iraqi and whatever will all run forever to europe . 
  this is absurd because the main reason they run in europe is to flee war . 
  fleeing poverty happens , but throwing away everything you ever knew for a shot in europe ? 
  that 's hard , especially if you have very little like most poors . 
  so , i suspect the moment that iraqi/syrian war is over , the actual refugee numbers will largely decrease . 
  not necessarily if they can deport back toward turkey & turn back turkish smugglers boats . 
  hence the crux of the negociations with turkey . 
  oh and if people say it 's not much , might i point out all the billions we just put on the table ? 
  well then let 's go back trying to watch that s/i mess to hope reducing the flow . 
  i do n't think erithreans alone justify that volume . 
  so that mean we can still immediately send back 60-80 % of what comes in right now . 
  as for poverty it 's probably more efficient to help them in their native country apparently . 
  but i guess it 'll have to wait for after the syrian/iraqi war so that more ressources are easily available . 
  one thing at a time . 
  well then rise the language proficiency at least ? 
  it should help integration for free . 
  besides , arennt refugees banned from legally working ? 
   if you stay long enough with residency you can apply for citizenship .
