  just saying `` conditions '' will not change anything . 
  one has to show that one changes first , otherwise it 's throwing good money after bad.we have been giving money forever , what has that done . 
  you do know that the italians elected and re-elected berlusconi , greece is number 80 on the corruption list ( and had 98 % debt already in 1993 , their downfall has been a long time in making ) . 
   but demanding from the pigs that they get their budget under control first via severe austerity is just not going to work . 
  seriously , greece have n't implemented half of the things anyway . 
  if they are so keen , why not implement them . 
  i am demanding that they stop being corrupt , pay at least as much in taxes as we do , retire the same age ( 67 ) etc. 
  that is not unreasonable . 
  now i am working , so they can retire earlier than my mother . 
  that is absurd . 
   we gave you access to our market , bought lot of your things and helped/provided leverage to protect your economy and lifestyle ( and reciprocally ) . 
  so , then you do n't need money from us , do you ? 
  we entered on equal terms , but a lot of countries * choose * to have rigid labour laws , * choose * to borrow money , * choose * to spend on early retirement , ( retire at 60 , 62 , wtf - we retire at 67 now and they are talking about 70 ) , * choose * not to balance budgets - why should we pay for that . 
  i am giving money to countries where they pay less taxes and retire earlier than i do - change that first , then we 'll talk . 
  i honestly think it 's not going to help , i think we are throwing good money after bad . 
   its a hard job , it will take time , but it seems to me that it started ( according to the report of eu personnel in charge of overlooking that ) . 
  * oh * , the eu personal that we have n't had before ? 
  the eu personal that we already have working against corruption ? 
  in case you do n't notice , i was being ironic . 
  i think those countries have to show us . 
  honestly , it 's beyond naive to give money to a country who * elects and re-elects * for berlusconi , or a country where * 6 out of 10 do not pay taxes * . 
  first - they change , then we talk about money . 
  also , what about your loyalty towards us , since you want to talk about solidarity . 
  how in the name of `` solidarity '' , can you ( as in countries who constantly receives money ) justify never standing on your own to feet , justify not balancing budgets , justify living on other countris tax - payers money . 
  * that * is to me the opposite of solidarity , it is so selfish that i am stunned . 
  for years and years people have been provided for , and always taking the easy way out , not reforming , not changing . 
  that is selfish , that is egoistical . 
  if you want to be loyal - change and carry your own weight . 
  i think you are confusing being loyal with not taking responsibility . 
   obviously no one want to throw money away , but a bit of solidarity is needed here . 
  that is alway the excuse . 
  be loyal , please do not expect us to change . 
  in case you have n't notice , we * have * been paying netto , since we joined , in 1995 . 
  during that time , we have reformed our labour market , had a deep bank crises of our own , balanced our budget and paid off debt . 
  what have the other countries done ? 
  did n't they benefit ? 
  there 's a difference between loyal and stupid . 
  btw - you have n't mentioned how you are going to deal with the black hole that is corruption and how you are going to reform the rigid labour laws , the bureacracy , the tax evasion and about a million other things that stops a lot of countries ? 
  there 's no use throwing good money after bad . 
   backed up by other european countries ( a european fund ) or the eu as a whole ( fiscal union , or less radical , eurobonds ) . 
  we voted no to the join the euro , we do not want that . 
  yet , because the eurozone messed up you want to spend * our * money . 
  what about the billions you 've already spent ? 
  what about our right to decide . 
  oh , and how can you ask for more money without even starting to deal with the rampant corruption in greece and southern italy , the rigid labour market etc - it 's like throwing money into a black hole . 
  how are you going to make sure that they keep their promises and budgets ? 
  fix that first , otherwise it 's like building the second floor on a house who lacks the groundfloor . 
  i did understand that the greeks were pissed off , i was angry at the ep . 
  well , they are living on eu/eurozone money and instead of re-investing/paying pensions/paying loans they create a budget ( which the ep approves ) where they get more money ? 
  why should the greek parties get more money than the swedish btw in the budget , apart from the fact that we do not ask european tax payers to foot the bill . 
  it 's nice to hear that they actually do positive things . 
  i honestly do n't believe the expense for vodafone increases with 400 % when i cross the bridge to denmark . 
  seriously ? 
  greek politicians , who is largely responsible for the state greece is in is given * more * money , from the eu . 
  so , if you mess up , and mess up even more , do n't worry , we will hand over more money brilliant move , european comission , i 'll remember this when you come and demands more money from us , which you do all the time . 
  we ( sweden ) nationlized to save banks in the 90 's and it actually went really well , very profitable ( for the government/tax payers ) , saved the banks etc. 
  can this be the case in spain as well ? 
  what are they intending to with it ? 
  i have n't really understood how they are planning to go about it ? 
  thank you . 
  i can understand you being happy that they shake up the politics , i think we need that too - they are all just gathered there in the middle and argue if some tax should be 30 or 32 % ... 
   i 'm guessing that this is politically hard to do . 
  is average french aware of economic troubles in its country yes , i think they are aware . 
  i think everyone in europe is aware of the state of the affairs ( the french as well ) so people are more willing to accept cuts/reforms etc. 
  as far as i 've understood a lot of countries are also in need of reforms in the labour market/state bueacracy etc. 
  i do n't really understand why some countries are so hesitent to implement that . 
  i am suprised that so few have made cuts honestly , even if they have to pay more for unemployed people . 
  i 'm not sure our politicians are that bright either . 
  granted , i do n't think most of them are that corrupt ... just lame . 
  if the pirate party enters the bundestag , what would happen then ? 
  who would they support do you think ? 
  but the european parliament consists of more countries than the eurozone . 
  i am not entirely comfortable that my elected parlamentarians should enforce something on the the portugese for example , as long as we are n't really involved . 
  and - i am certainly * not * comfortable with the ep making financial laws that are tailored towards helping the * eurozone * , nevermind what is good for the rest of the eu . 
  our government ( s ) have managed to balance budgets without the ep , and i honestly do n't want them to mess it up . 
  i do n't want the ep to have financial authority over us . 
  i think we are doing better without them . 
  that is really interesting . 
  i did n't know that . 
  should n't those countries that are in trouble at least have more budget cuts than sweden ? 
  interesting to know , i thought it was more expensive than that . 
  we have it in sweden ( for foreigners/non eu/ees/nordic ) and you have to pay around 70 000 sek / semester . 
  one also have to proves one has enough money for a semester . 
  i guess i rather lazily assumed it was the same everywhere , sorry . 
  really ? 
  germany as well ? 
  switzerland ? 
  i knew greece and the uk , did n't know about the rest . 
  i can say that if you are not a eu/ees citizen you 'll have to pay . 
  if you hold a eu/ees citizenship i think you can study for free , but you have to apply for student loans etc from the country of your origin . 
  if you are an american , you have to pay and borrow money from the us . 
  but is n't that for the russian victory in wwii ? 
  not for the eu . 
  probably :-), 
  good !, 
  i recommend everyone to read [ slow death by rubber duck ] ( http://slowdeathbyrubberduck.com/usa/the_authors.html ) about ( some ) of the poisonious chemicals that are all around us . 
  you can also find some rather easy advice on how to at least lessen your ( and your childrens ) exposure to dangerous chemicals . 
  why is luxemburg so low , they are a rich country ? 
  we have that word at least , but we might not use it in the same context . 
  no , and among the swedes i think the numbers are almost 90 % * against * joining the euro .
