   but corruption is n't that hard to control when you are the lender . 
  when corruption is detected you can raise your interest rates and force the corrupted to stand trial . 
  really , do you think people who work in sub saharan africa , southern italy and greece have n't though about that . 
  it 's not that they have one shady individual , everyone is . 
  you seriously ca n't think that corruption can be stamped out like that . 
  i am sorry to say that , you are really very , very , very naive if you believe that . 
  and , might i add , wrong . 
   you need a lot of officials to get a grip on tax evasion . 
  they are the most corrupt . 
   if we do n't help greece this way , it will be forced out of the eurozone . 
  once the possibility of leaving the eurozone is not only a fantasy anymore , speculators will be targetting other countries : spain , italy , ireland or even belgium and france . 
  the eurozone will collapse . 
  perhaps , perhaps not . 
  if it collaps it 's because it was too poorly built and then it needs to go . 
  i know that sweden should n't sponsor corruption , irresponsibility , rigid labour markets , tax evasion . 
  i 'd rather you fall then . 
  we will all suffer , but maybe we will finally learn something . 
  if you read ft , wall street journal etc , none is to upset about it now . 
  the only two reasons to save it is really a ) save the euro.but then , if the euro is so fragile it can be brought down by greece , it has to fall . 
  also , it is mad to have same currenc , but difference politics etc b ) because you feel sorry for the greeks . 
  i do feel sorry for them , but really , it beyond helping and they are just digging their hole deeper and deeper every day . 
   it 's sad to see they are succeeding in selling austerity , later retirement age , lower and shorter unemployment benefits , wage cuts and more employment insecurity as the medicine needed now for all our problems . 
  no , it 's not , but one has to do that too . 
  to maintain our retierement system , we have to work longer and longer . 
  now it 's 67 , they talk about 70 . 
  yet countries who wants our money are protesting for retering at 65 ? 
  that is rather rich if you ask me . 
   it does n't affect our economic perfomance because private belgian citizens are sitting on a mountain of private savings . 
  like japan then ( or , at least it used to be that way ) . 
  ok , i 'll take your word for it , as a swede i am just generally scared of debt . 
  sorry , your finances are perhaps fine , but why do n't you pay off the debt then , so you actually fulfill the eurozone conditions ? 
   i do n't think greece has the room to change in the current situation ( with bond yields of 15 % + ) . 
  we should back them up , give them some space . 
  but there should be a plan of course . 
  why should ii back up people who has been digging a whole since the 80 's and are absolutely refusing to stop , even at this moment . 
  i think they ( and other countries ) have to change first . 
  what do you mean , not room . 
  what stops them from paying taxes ( the majority of the population pay none ) ? 
  nothing !, 
  as i have said , they have not improved for the better , not even done the things they promised to do , so far . 
  why not ? 
  what stops them - really ? 
  give me proof . 
  you do know they have n't even implented the things that they said the would - how you do respond to that ? 
   this is something i also said . 
  it 's important there is a plan , a decent , concrete plan . 
  good - you do know that they do n't even have a centralised proper system for whos owns what house ( since then you could pay taxes ) . 
  number 80 on the corruption list . 
  what year , are 70 % of them going to paying taxes ? 
  you ca n't answer that . 
  do n't you think people have n't tried - and you are saying this time it will be different . 
  that is beyond naive actually . 
  be reckless with belgiums money , not with ours . 
  no , the only one who can change greece is the greeks , and this time , it 's their time to show that they actually willing to change . 
  you still have n't disputed any of my claims for greece and offered me no proof whatsoever . 
  you do know that they have n't balanced a budget since 1973 ? 
  proof - or , let the belgians pay for them . 
  it 's down the black corruption hole . 
   the balancing of the budget is really something the governments try to work towards . 
  especially in italy with monti and in spain with rajoy . 
  in greece it 's just very hard to balance the budget because of the interest of 15 % + they need to pay . 
  but it would be unfair to say that they did n't try anything to balance their budget . 
   these things also mostly only count for greece , italy and a bit for portugal . 
  another country that is in trouble is spain , while they really had a decent economy . 
  nice budget , few debt . 
  but their housing market simply collapsed and the banks went with it . 
  a quarter of the people are now out of work . 
  and spain really follows the european austerity plan . 
  no , i am not to harsh , and do n't think i did n't noticed that you did n't mention the corruption in any of the countries/berlusconi/tax evasion . 
  have the people changed their ways there - have they ? 
  there has to be a will to change - you do not want to if you re-elect berlusconi or do n't pay your taxes . 
  italians do n't want a balanced budget . 
  if they did , why did they re-elect that corrupt man . 
  monti was forced upon them , he is not elected.besides , you need to do more than to balance budgets , you have to reform the labour market etc. 
  have they ? 
  so , why should i support them then ? 
   this is true . 
  they had the possibility to do this . 
  the pigs countries absolutely do n't . 
  first , research is not going to help them at this very moment . 
  second , they , like everyone else , will have to spend their own money , not sweden 's . 
  they can find money , but they have to change their labour laws and start paying taxes . 
  if they did , they would n't need our money . 
  so , a ) either taking money from tax paying swedes and letting tax evaders get away with it - again . 
  * or * b ) starting to pay taxes that are less than we pay , anyway . 
  you are choosing option a , which is basically teaching them to get away with it and continue down this path . 
  as i 've said - you are letting corruption win , you are feeding it . 
  i agree a bit about spain - so fine , help them and let the others loose then . 
  italy is to big anyway . 
  i am certainly not the only one saying that greece should go . 
  i think that is the only way . 
  i am so tired of countries not owning up and throwing good money after bad . 
  they all knew what they were doing , why do n't they , for once , carry the consequences of their own decision . 
  who know , they might actually learn something . 
   you talk about your money and my money well , in the end it is us , as tax payers , who foots the bill . 
  that is why , in a sense it is personal when i see people protesting at retiring at 65 and i know we have 67 , * i * get pissed off . 
  but i 'll start to write the countries . 
   if some countries only want to help , there wo n't be enough aid there 's the difference between you and me . 
  i honestly do n't think we are helping them by handing over money show me that they * are * changing , otherwise we are just aiding corruption and bad politics . 
  you keep saying that they will change , but have the corruption become less since they joined the eu ?
