  i have heard differently . 
  when eu actually checks where the money ( agriculture mostly i believe ) actually has gone , southern italy is a top swindler , together with corsica , greece etc. 
  it 's possible that the swindle less than from your internal funds , but they do definately swindle more than the average northern europan . 
  that pisses me off , i do not think they should receive any money , at all . 
  better to stop payments altogether then . 
  why do you allow them to swindle within the country ? 
  all in all one can conclude at least that the differences are so wast , that there is no risk of our two countries being united in a federal eu anytime soon . 
  i do n't know how the italians feel , but my guess is that the swedes would hate it ( not italy in particular , we just do not want to give up our independence ) . 
  i mean , even joining the euro get a big `` no '' , from about 90 % of the population . 
  part of it is what i have outlined in my arguments , but i guess parts of it just comes down to `` cultural differencies '' , whatever that is . 
  i apologize . 
  i thought you were saying that we should aid them . 
  then you are correct , although i 'd just like to add that it 's just * one * of the differences , there are many more :-) . 
   so what you 're saying is you want the poorer countries to fix their problems but you wo n't tie your fate to them until it wo n't have any inconvenience on you you must truly have a really strange view of the world if you consider italy for example , a g7 country , poor . 
  no , i do not want to hand over money to g7 countries , and i do not feel bad about that . 
  norway is richer than finland , they are not assholes for not helping them.have you ever been to a truly poor country ? 
  spain , italy etc do not qualify as such . 
  call them less super rich instead . 
  besides , in your argumentation you did not answer how to get rid of the corruption ( who help bring the countries to where they are ) - we should just hand over money , no questions asked . 
  you conveniently ignore we have been doing that for about 20 years , without any changes in corruption whatsoever , in fact , the shadow economies are growing and some countries are falling on the transparency international list . 
  apparently that does not matter to you , as soon as we try to influence other countries , by withholding finances we are mean . 
  in your argumentation we ca n't win , can we ? 
  we are cheap as soon as we do n't give them money ( i refuse to use the world help , since i believe that we are aiding a corrupt system ) , no matter what they do with it . 
  i 'd like to see records from greece for the last 20 years , italy too . 
  why do n't they have to do the same thing we do ? 
  why do they retire earlier ? 
  why do n't they have to pay same amount of taxes ( or , lets be honest , in some cases , just why do n't they pay taxes ) . 
  no , in your version , it 's hand over the money , no change whatsoever . . 
  if they prove that they are changing in a positive direction ( which they are not at the moment ) , have a higher retirement age , show us what they have been doing with the money they have received for the last 10-15 years , start paying taxes etc , then we can discuss things , but as it is now we are aiding a corrupt system . 
  so , since the 2nd world war you have n't been able to stomp out the corruption in italy , but * this time * you will ? 
  the oil crises or previous recessions did n't change you , you just recently re - elected berlusconi , but * now * you are changing . 
  and , you did n't answer my question about the * growing * shadow economies , and the * increased * corruption - how do you explain them if times are changing ? 
  so , if you are changing , well , let 's see . 
  hand over statistic in a few years , and then we can talk . 
  i am sorry , i think * you * want things to change , but i do n't think they are . 
  and , nothing is changing as long as money from the eu keeps coming , one can be very sure of that . 
  also , why should we hand over money as long as we retire later , and pay higher taxes than you do ? 
  ( we are the 2nd highest taxed country in the world ) . 
  if you paid taxes to our level , maybe you would n't need help , and retired later too btw . 
  if things are changing , i am sure billions of euros will be paid in taxes in southern italy and then you do not need help . 
   things are changing : without the good examples of many countries to be held up to , the other ones would not change and go down the drain , and this will impact on the good countries : would you like ikea to lower its sales because italians and greeks buy less furniture from your great grocery shops chain ? 
  [ 1 ] if things are changing - so why are greece sinking on transparency international ? 
  why have their shadow economy grown , as has spains ? 
  how many more years until southern italy start paying taxes ? 
  why have n't the eu managed to fix the discreptancies for the last 17 ( !!!! ), 
  years . 
  i 'd much rather ikea sell less in southern europe ( they do n't sink or swim with that , nor does sweden ) than we keep handing over money so that these countries do not have to change . 
  if you are changing - prove it . 
  show me the statistic that southern italy is as diligent as the finns with their taxes , the shadow economies are sinking etc. 
  you ca n't do that because that is not happening at the moment . 
   that 's what eu is all about : instead of gaining from others ' losses , gaining from everybody 's growth . 
  you ca n't grow if it 's build on sand . 
  like the greek economy has been growing ? 
  i 'd rather have bad years and solid , true growth , than facilitating corruption and aiding countries in avoiding necessary changes . 
   taxes , at least the ones over companies , should be uniform in all of the eu for the simple reason that it would make the free market much more fair , and the free market was the basis for all of the eu . 
  then people should * pay * it equally as well , which they do not do at the moment . 
   the rich countries will never want to join and share their good fortune with the rest of europe unless there is a very compelling reason . 
  i so resent that . 
  we ( sweden , and norway too btw even though they are not in the eu ) have been paying netto to the eu for years . 
  while we were going throught a crises in the 90 's , fixing stuff , raising our retirement age ( to 67 ) for example , generally trying to create our own good fortune , what did other countries do ? 
  are you telling me that a country that elected and re-elected berlusconi is doing everything in their power to fight corruption ? 
  we 've been asking the eu for 17 years to fix discreptancies in the budget , have they ? 
  greece , apart from being notoriosly bad at paying taxes are number 80 on transparency international corruption list , which did n't seem to stop them giving the most generous retirements and pensions plans of any oecd country ( yes i know that they have changed it - now ) . 
  and i have n't even started to on the shadow economies in some countries . 
  have any of this been dealt with ? 
  have anything changed ? 
  no , of course not . 
  as long as one receives money from the eu one does n't have to . 
  as soon as i see the they have the shadow economy of finland , the corruption level of denmark and the tax counsciousness of the germans , i 'm all for helping . 
  as it is now we are actively supporting corruption and throwing good money after bad . 
  if you want money - change . 
  what year is southern italy going to be as tax conscious as the swedes ? 
  how are you decreasing the shadow economy in spain , and when ? 
  why should we pay money to countries that have less taxes and retire earlier ( sweden in 2nd on the highest taxes list ) etc. 
  i just want to avoid being dragged down in the corruption vortex that is the eu , and i do n't think supporting corruption and throwing good money after bad benefits * anyone * , certainly not the countries that are in trouble now . 
  i never mentioned greece . 
  i just say that for years and years we have been paying money to the eu , that then get tranferred to other regions that are very corrupt . 
  the corruption has n't decreased and i honestly believe that as long as we keep tranferring money to corrupt regions we are supporting corruption , since those regions do not have to change , they do not have to start paying taxes etc , they get money anyway . 
  yes , then you also realise that school , healtcare etc is also depending on the taxes and the economy ? 
  if i were you i 'd edit it and say that the union you are suggestion would take care of all that . 
  absolutely not . 
  we are to different at the moment , besides , at the moment , i do not want to join my country 's economy with other countries , i think we give enough money as it is . 
  if we were in a union , we would be drained in my opinion . 
  also , we are a small state and the federal europe would n't give a shit about us . 
  all of this they 've proven over and over again , particularely when they want more money to keep * their * failed projects going , hand over * more * money to tax evaders while failing to deal with corruption and balancing the budgets . 
  no , it would be a financial disaster . 
  i do not trust them , nor do i think they are willing to deal with the issues i 've mentioned and change - they 've had years and years to do just that , but they never ever change . 
  if i had to be in a union , i suppose i 'd choose one with my fellow nordic countries . 
  also , the suggestion the op is giving does n't work . 
  the state ca n't keep taxation , health , education , while the union take care of `` the economy '' . 
  taxation etc is depending on how `` the economy '' is taken care of . 
  edit : spelling, 
  yes , of course , he is short , stupid with dementia :-) . 
  they also described him as tall , smart and with a photgraphic memory ( which i do not think he has ) . 
  not career ending stuff really ... 
  i have a problem with * suspected * paedophiles . 
  ca n't they just hand over the evidence to the police ( and if necessary , tell a few papers that they have ) so we can have more * convicted paedophiles * instead . 
  i think so too ... quite generally , carl bildt tend to have a bit of hubris . 
  in a way it 's good that we are a small country , not telling what he would do otherwise ... 
  true , it 's not like we want to be one state ( again :-) ) but we a ) trust each other b ) i think most of us feel we have a much fairly similar outlook/background .
