  one can see that greece is suffering . 
  i do n't think the eu can save you . 
  i always think one has to save oneself ( any country or person ) and the most the eu can do is to not support the incorrect guys , but ultimately greece has to change themselves . 
  what i do hope for you is that the crisis awareness now is so big , that your system is starting to change from within . 
  one of the problems seems ( to me ) to be that people feels that the changes are imposed from the eu and are not willing to implement them . 
  i have n't seen any other other solutions though , from any greeks apart from defaulting . 
  if you do not implement it , what are you planning to do ? 
  i agree with you on the fact that eu seems to lack foresight and strategy , they just seem to be putting out fires , but not dealing with the underlying issues , at al. , nor do they have any visions . 
   have these for example for the property tax i read the links , thank you , they were interesting and of course one can feel sorry for individuals . 
  but you know your property tax is still lower than ours , so i am really having a hard time being sympathetic as well . 
  oh , and ours is tied to the house too , not to a persons income or anything . 
  ca n't pay - move . 
   seeing so many people for several months now in streets in very violent riots , don ' t you at least question yourselves ? 
  never crossed your mind that those people are either despaired or they really want something different , so in both cases let them have it ? ... 
  of course , but you have been protesting for a long time now . 
  i saw you protesting a retirement age of 65 ( we have 67 ) . 
  i saw you protesting the fact that the pensions have to be based on median income , not the last 5 years ( like we already have , which almost every oecd county has ) . 
  i saw you protest property tax ( something we 've been paying for ages ) and increasing the vat to our levels ... half of the protest seemed to be against doing something the rest of europe has been doing for ages , and that does n't really win any sympathy points with me . 
  in the last months however , there seem to be a desperation that makes me feel sorry for greece , you are not in a fun position and many are hurting . 
  i do n't really know what you mean with `` let them have it '' . 
  i mean , if you want to exit/default , absolutely ( although i think it would be more damaging for greece than the austerity measures ) . 
  as for different - yes , of course you need to change your system.but it has to come from within . 
  you have an election coming up , vote for change then . 
  vote for a system with proper taxation and budgets who is fighting corruption.vote for whatever you like , but you have to fix this . 
  i 'd like to see someone go out and say - we did this to ourself , we can fix this too . 
  then i 'd like to see some earnest, 
   the reason these people do not pay taxes is because they fall below the limit of 12000 $ per year set by the tax system . 
  we have a limit of $ 1100 , at less than 1/10th of what you have ... . . so , we start paying taxes much much earlier . 
  so no , i do not feel sorry for you , i think it 's staggering that you wait so long before starting to pay . 
  as i said , you pay rates , not absolute sums . 
  that means almost all of us are paying taxes to some extent as well , why ca n't you ? 
  why should you be different from us in that regard ? 
   for example in computers , you get taxed 20 % pre-vat for sales ( i think ) and 25 % for services . 
  but in that sector the market works with less than 10 % margins . 
  in short , you lose money when you make a sale . 
  so in order to work you have to cheat on your taxes . 
  why is it like that then ? 
  why are you not more effective ? 
  do you think you are the only country in the world with 25 % vat ? 
  you have systematically cheated the system , has n't bothered about being effective , and then you claim that you * have to * cheat . 
  we have 25 % vat too - and we can make a profit . 
  if the rest of the eu can , why ca n't you ? 
  that really angers me , claiming that you have to have cheat , just like the rest of us did n't have any vat . 
  also , you do not seem to know a lot of other countries tax system . 
  are you the only one with vat ? 
  taxation starting at $ 12 000 ? 
  read up , comparatively you are rather low ( for the eu ) and you 've had years and years , when the average greek person has n't paid taxes the rest of us had too ( like property tax ) . 
  why did n't you protest this , your broken tax - and budget system like the oecd report pointed out ( one of several ) . 
  a working state needs proper tax collection system , so that everyone ( companies , taxpayers , politicians ) can pay . 
   the problems in greece are systemic . 
  unless these are fixed we 'll end up right back in the hole . 
  and neither this package nor anything before did anything about it . 
  because people like you believe that greeks just lay around collecting checks and scheming about ways to steal your hard earned money . 
  i have never said you laid around collecting checks or scheming , you are putting words in my mouth ( or writing ) . 
  i have however pointed to several links that shows that the system is broken ( i agree with you there ) but you do not get such a broken system , so low on the corruption list , such damaging reports from the oecd etc without massive co - operation , all across the board i can understand you not liking the banks , but no one did this to the greeks , you did it to yourself . 
  and yes , it annoys me when you complain about something the rest of us have been doing/paying forever . 
  oh , i did n't know that . 
  maybe that is why the american was so happy . 
  not that i really learned to cook at home , my parents never forced me too . 
  but , growing up with proper food , that what was i trying cook once i started ( my mother has received several urgent calls ) . i did n't buy pizza , i bought a chicken and tried to figure our what to do with it . 
  my boyfriend could n't cook at all . 
  in the beginning i cooked , but then i said it is n't fair , and i found it tiresome to be the one to buy/plan and cook all the time we are together . 
  he did n't protest much and has started to cook , although it does n't taste very much yet . 
  i think it 's how one says it really . 
   so you think taxes in greece are low but do n't you think you should count in your study the salaries ? 
  i do n't think , i know . 
  did you look at the links . 
  i can provide you with more if you like.european wise , you are not in the top 10 and , most taxes are rates , not absolute numbers . 
  so , if you earn less , you pay less . 
   please stop trying to prove me that we are wrong . 
  but you are making weird or incorrect statements , as in examples with property tax or the corruption thing . 
  it is everywhere . 
  just do n't say those things then . 
  i understand that you want to defend your country , but then just say :  i know what we have done wrong and what we should do to fix it . 
  and maybe this passes through leaving eu , something i personally am not pro . 
  i liked that statement . 
  i can understand and i symphethize with that . 
  i understand that it 's not fun there right now , nor has it been for a long time ( or will be for the forseable future ) , but i do n't think you can win people over with the wrong arguments , defending what essentially has been , and is a very corrupt behaviour , on all fronts , certainly not me . 
  btw , do you mean leaving the eu or leaving the euro . 
  i do n't think you 'll have to leave the eu ( and i do n't think it would benefit you to do so ) , but i personally think it 's inevitable that you leave the euro . 
  but who knows , i have been wrong before . 
  what is suggestion to fix it then ? 
   because if we had then we would have legalize the over taxing we are suffering now , do n't you think over taxing !, 
  6 out of 10 of you do n't even pay taxes and do n't even get me started on the shadow economy. , that is 27 % you do n't pay taxes on either [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_rates_of_europe ) is a comparison of the tax rates in europe - where are you overtaxed , particularely if you consider the contries contributing to you ? 
  how are your rates higher than denmarks ? 
  germanys ? 
  greece have rather low tax rates , particularely since you do not seem to pay them . 
   have you any idea how much is the property tax incorporated in the electricity bill ( meaning that if you do n't have money to pay it you will have no electricity ) ? 
  have you ever heard about that ? 
  yes i have and you are welcome to compare that property tax to sweden 's or denmarks or uk , france etc for that matter . 
  you have just started to pay property tax - we have been paying it for decades . 
  so you are paying a bill we have been paying for ages , and you are demonstrating that . 
  how many millions more have my countrymen paid in property tax than yours ? 
  ( sweden , second highest taxes in the world , i do not feel sorry for someone who started to payproperty tax in 2010 ) also , i know that you are paying on your electricity bill because you do not have a central property register , like other countries ( so you could avoid paying ) . 
  why do n't you build it up properly , like the rest of the eu . 
  why should you not pay property taxes when the rest of the eu do ? 
  no matter how you compare it , you are still cheating on your taxes . 
  and , 6 out of 10 greeks with no income , at all ? 
  you do know that in the rest of europe , we even pay taxes on our pensions ? 
   maybe it 's time you ask for more information before you start judging and telling me how my country is .
