  you are not the only country with immigrants and small caf\u00e9s , but most countries tries to lessen it - it seems greece do not . 
  why have n't you protested about this before ? 
  because it suited everyone , not just the rich . 
   yes there are many companies who do n't operate legally but these are mainly smes , shops and cafes - low pay jobs - and they operate without registering or insuring their employees . 
  as you would imagine , people working there really need their job and they can not complain about the situation . 
  again , you did n't complain about this a few years ago when business was booming and the waitress could have found a new job , the small caf\u00e9 shop was quite comfortably off bribing someone . 
  the shadow economy did n't grow out of nowhere in the last year - you have sustained it and refused to deal with it for years . 
  a lot of countries have small business and caf\u00e9s , unemployment and are trying to survive - that is not a reason to cheat and to be corrupt . 
  iceland had a hell of a ride , they are not very corrupt for example . 
  greece is very low on the corruption list for a reason - the politicians , the rich and yes , the ordinary greeks have n't dealt with it . 
   also , like in every other european country , we have serious problems managing the ageing population but because of the hardships of the last 30-40 years we do n't have enough workers ( then children ) to cover it up . 
  this is the result of a very complicated process , it 's not fair to just flash it to me !, 
  what , not being fair ? 
  if i point out correct fatcts , i am being unfair ? 
  you said it was all other countries and the 1 % fault that greece is in trouble ( which i am happy to notice you do not do in your post anymore , i was going to comment on that later ) and i pointed out that no other country has constructed your pension plans , where you retired earlier with more of your salary than other oecd countries - you voted for that , we did n't . 
  i might add that those pension plans benefited more than your 1 % . 
  you have corrctly stated that you have an aging population ( as many other countries ) . 
  so why an overly generously pension plan ? 
  did n't you know you had an aging population before 2010 ? 
  i know you are starting to change that , but it is only because you have been forced . 
  of course unsustainable pension plans contributed to greece 's downfall . 
  btw , we have 67 , and it 's being talked about raising it , so it was chocking for me when the greeks protested retiring at 65 . 
   now , let me dwell on this issue for a bit more : i strongly believe that in every large enough group of people there is a percentage of them who are criminals . 
  that percentage can not deviate too much from a bell curve . 
  therefore it is just absurd to think that 60 % of greeks are tax-evaders while it 's only 1-10 % in other countries . 
  it just happened that the media targeted greece as tax evasion heaven but what would have happened if they hard targeted the uk as a social benefit paradise or germany as a bribe-owned country ? 
  i 'll let you guess i do n't believe most of the greeks are hard core criminals if that is what you ask , but if you throw out statistic , please back it up with reports or articles . 
  what i believe is that it is so common to bribe people/evade taxes that everyone got used to it and did n't really see it as a crime . 
  a fellow countryman of yours stated in this thread that greece was ripe with corruption and nepotism , and that one had to bribe to get a drivers license for example . 
  so , how many drivers instructors has gotten fired ? 
  that is what i mean with that it 's everywhere . 
  anecdotal yes , but you do not get to number 80 on the corruption list without in being a fixture in society . 
  i can understand that it 's not fun being ( a young ) greek at the moment and from what i understand is one of the reasons that although a lot of people has contributed to bringing greece to where it is now , it seems like only the lower and the middle class is paying the price for it . 
  fine , be angry with them , i certainly would n't mind if every tax evader and corrupt person in greece was thrown in jail . 
  what i was originally opposed to however was that you claimed that it was only because of them , or only because of the foreigners , or that you had unique hardships throughout history that made you do it - i do not believe that , and i am very happy that you have taken the time to explain your posting a bit more and not mentioned that again . 
  ultimately , the only ones who can change greece is the greeks and to do that one has the change what is wrong . 
  the upper class certainly has behave like bastards , the banks are no angels but my point that all of greek society has contributed to that , not just them , although not all are paying the price . 
  good luck though . 
  i think it has been released , in a manager magazine . 
  it says that 57 % of the 300 managers questioned think greece should leave the eurozone and return to the drachma , which i found intersting . 
   what deeply annoys me about moralising on the issue is that in your example , is the 200kg chainsmoking man is dying , and you 've put him in a hospital telling him to run so he can lose weight . 
  he gets one heart attack after the other , he 's condition gets ' worse , the doctors can see it but they are not that interested in fixing the problem rather than yelling at him `` die fatso '' well , perhaps my example was wrong then , because that was not the image i was trying to convey and i apologize . 
  what i meant is , that you do not become a 200 kg chainsmoker without knowing about it , i mean , you * know * that you are at high risk for a heart attack , and you still keep on smoking/eating . 
  greece has been borrowing money since , well forever , budget deficit , large shadow economy , corrupted , tax evasion , problem after problem etc. 
  one has to know , at some level , that this is wrong and it ca n't go on . 
  how can one then be surprised that it collapse , or claim ( as in the op : s case ) that everything is germany 's fault ? 
  that is what i was trying to say with my example , our fat man ca n't be surprised when his heart fails or blame it on someone else for that matter . 
   you acknowledge the faults of your own society , but there 's someone beating the living hell out of you . 
  what exactly are you supposed to do ? 
  if you do n't accept the wrong medicine they 'll tell you 'll die , if you do n't get any medicine at all you might die as well . 
  some of the medicine is wrong , but some is n't . 
  it is hard to grow an economy when a ) they do n't really have much that they produce b ) when you are cutting wages c ) low productivity . 
  i do n't think all of the austerity measures is helping , something making it worse , but what should they do - ask for more money from their voters ? 
  but , some of it is just because you really had it easy before . 
  one of the earliest retirement age , pension based on the most productive five years , no property tax ( not really much of taxes at all ) , retire after 30 ( or was it 25 ) years for 14 % of the workforce , a lot of people ( 700 000 ) working for the government ( and apparently doing nothing ) . 
  half of them should have been fired years ago , as it seems . 
  are those things suppose to stay ? 
  it 's hard to defend to the rest of the eu that they have to send money and pay more taxes , so the greeks can keep that way of life . 
  pensions has to be realistic . 
  so does salaries and spending in general . 
  but i agree with you . 
  i 'd love to see every greek tax evader get a big fat bill and i 'd like to know where every single eu euro has gone . 
  also , anyone who corrupt should be jailed , which seems like most of the parlament and government workers and many many more . . 
  doubt if the eu is going for that though , they are more likely to just drop greece , unfortunately . 
  ultimately , whatever happens , only the greeks can fix greece . 
  well , you are right there , i 'd say dutch is between german and danish , and obviosly , danish is closer . 
  so , dutch * should * be easier , but unfortunately not for me , since i speak german and have never learned dutch . 
  yes , one of my best friends is dating an icelandic guy and when he says it slowly , or when he spoke icelandic to her in the beginning ( she has learned it ) one could understand it . 
  every time he says the translation , i go `` of course '' . 
  i think it 's a cool language . 
  do n't you learn danish in school , or am i imagining that ? 
   i do n't wan na talk about it . 
  you started this thread . 
  i have not said that you are lazy , nor did i say that you are stealing . 
  i did say because you have such a retarded pension scheme ( which you blame on history , because apparently you have had it much worse than the estonians for example ) the estonians , finns and dutch will end up paying for your pensions . 
  i did say that you cheat with your taxes , and i provided links to that . 
  you have n't even said that you do n't , you just claim that since your history is the worst , you are entitled too . 
  i do not think you are entitled too , i think you dug your own grave . 
   i do n't wan na talk about it . 
  so , why do you ? 
   either you accept the explanation provided by that link i sent you , or you explain why you reject it . 
  that 's my argumentation . 
  portugal?belgium and germany ? 
  are you delusional sweetheart ? 
  you do n't have any argumentation !, 
  i gave you examples of other countries , constructed in 19th century , and/or has had faced a lot of hardshop , but chosen * not * to go down the road that greece did . 
  do you know the history of any other country but greece ? 
  what makes you different from the belgians ? 
  have you suffered more than the poles ? 
  estonia ? 
  countries and people has a choice to make on how to behave , history only dictates where we 've been , not where you are going , but you seem to be to arrgant to get that , and way to ignorant to accept any blame whatsoever . 
  it probably is . 
  i , as a german speaking swede feel like i * should * be able to understand dutch , but i do n't , at least not when you speak normally . 
  individual words i can make out though , every now and then . 
  you just send the same answer twice . 
  just because you repeat an argument it does n't make it true . 
   greece was constructed at the start of the 19th century , by other european countries * belgium * was * constructed * at the start of the 19th century , bacause the winners of the napoleonic wars wanted it so . 
  unfortunately , this was not was the belgians wanted ( or seem to want at the moment , since the country is hugely divided ) . 
  they do not use this as an excuse to be number 80 on the corruption list or to build up a shadow market that is 25 % of the economy . 
  a bad history does not give you the reason not to construct a sustainable pension scheme 200 years later , you are mixing apples with oranges .
