  good , it 's really horrible how we are overfishing and abusing the oceans . 
  and i do n't particularely like when we just move the responsibilty away from us/europe and keep overfishing , just outside of poorer countries this time . 
  ok , sorry , i did n't know that . 
  i think you need to have your education first , then you can apply for the job . 
  i know like it engineers are quite in demand here in sweden ( any engineers really ) and ( mostly ) you can get away with english . 
  other parts of europe has much higher unemployment though , so if i were you i 'd head to each individual subreddit and ask . 
  times might not be the best for you to go to portugal , greece etc , where they have really high unemployment . 
  i think it depends on the country . 
  in my country i think it 's fairly easy for them to find a job ( sweden btw ) and the job security is fairly high i suppose . 
  do n't really know about other countries . 
  edit : of course they have to speak fluent swedish though , and have an education that is the equivalent of what we have . 
   i really wonder how you feel threatened in away what so ever way , did i say anything offensive ? 
  i had answered tagami who claimed that the * main fault * was the european firms , not the greeks . 
  i disagreed with this , and to prove my point i had two articles that pointed out that the corruption was rampant and everywhere , they had a huge shadow economy and tax evasion was done by everybody ( + one about their place on the corruption list ) you answered that with :  if you think uncollected income tax from some people who make 600 euros a month is responsible you are surely mistaken . 
  mistaken how ? 
  i had never said that collecting income tax from people who make 600/month is responsible , so why do you claim that ? 
  you `` accused me '' for lack of a better word , of something i had never said , nor is it mentioned in the articles . 
  you seem to be having this argument in your head with me , based on the fact that you have a nice friend there , while i am trying to argue that statistically , millions and millions of greeks cheat . 
  that said , in one of the articles it 's mentiond that they start paying taxes at $ 12 000 , something that does piss me of , since we start paying at about 1/7 of that . 
  so yes , they should start paying at 1800/year too , so your friend should pay it as well . 
  i work as a dog too , and i pay taxes , why should n't they ( since we give money to them ) . 
   i have a friend who 's 23 , is from a tiny mountain village , works like a dog in the closest `` city '' available , and makes end 's meat . 
  and because of that you claim that they should pay less taxes than i , that their shadow economy really is n't any fault of their own ? 
  i have assumed that since you argued with me , that you disagree with the contesnts of the articles , but if that is not the case , sorry . 
  if you do , just please provide me with sources . 
  they argument i am having is that they should pay as much as least as we do , not cheat and accept that they are responsible for their own mess . 
  they got into it , and they can also get themselves out of it , i 'm sure , but it does n't work if you blame it all on foreigners . 
  one has to take responsibility for one 's situation . 
   the last thing i 'll say is you 're right , corruption is everywhere , all over the world , so do n't just look at it exclusive to greece . 
  greece is number 80 on the list and they are * receiving money * . 
  most of the other `` first world countries '' are not there , so no , it is exceptionally bad , unless one compares them to moldovia , albania or bulgaria . 
  the us is number 24 and germany is 14 . 
  they are the worst in the eu , apart from bulgaria . 
  corruption is in every country , but in greece it seems to be everywhere . 
   unfortunately i do n't have time to read the articles ( does n't it suck that university gets in the way of more important knowledge ) , but i do read both sides of the story when i can . 
  so why are you attacking me with this $ 600 euro then ? 
  why not wait until you get home , read then instead of claiming that i have said something that i never have ? 
  you attacked me with numbers based from your head . 
   i was n't referring to the articles you provided , it was just based on an average of friends and family living there . 
  well , provide sources please.how on earth am i suppose to know what you are talking about . 
  how is that a ) in relation to the articles b ) where does that number comes from ? 
  oecd reports ? 
   first off i assume there are n't that many people who make 1800 a year in sweden ( right ? 
  ) , are you talking about 18 year olds ? 
  i was comparing it to greece - and the articles i pointed out . 
  i , as a working student start paying taxes as soon as i make more than $ 1800 per * year * . 
  in greece , you start paying when you make something like * 12 000 * / year . 
  i 'd never ever have to pay taxes if we had your system , . 
  also , i support greece , why ? 
  do n't tell me their tax evasion is minor , it 's a lot of bloody money for me to pay taxes , and i do n't see a single reason why i should give money to someone who cheats . 
  it is not minor !, 
   what i meant was the tax being paid by those who make that much ( even up to a more reasonable low income ) can not attribute to the deep corruption in greece at all . 
  it 's more important on a basis of principal if anything . 
  if greece started to pay the taxes you 'll have no more budget deficit . 
  it is not minor . 
  your level of start paying taxes is absurdly high , you have to lower it . 
  second , in those other articles as well ( and i can provide you with an endless number of links as well , but i 'll wait ) it prove that the corruption is everywhere . 
  an example , of the top of my head is that greece has a barely functioning state ( according to oecd report ) but 700 000 people who work there . 
  that is just not the politicians . 
  also you do not get a shadow economy of * 25 % * ( !!!!!! ), 
  because of the politicians and foreign firms . 
  i can provide you with link after link of corruptions among ordinary people , and no , since it 's everywhere it 's not minor - it 's everywhere . 
   if you think uncollected income tax from some people who make 600 euros a month is responsible you are surely mistaken . 
  hmm - where in the articles do we talk about $ 600 ? 
  second , in my country who has has given money to greece ) we start paying taxes at $ 1800/year ( ! ) . 
  second - the articles i have linked to are for example about the * deep * corruption in greece , and the fact that the shadow economy s * 25 % * . 
  also , the articles talk about the tax evasion and the corruption that is * everywhere . 
  you clearly show that you have not read the articles , nor are you willing to understand . 
  how you can reduce that fact that you have a shadow economy of 25 % , tax evasion that is everywhere and the fact that you are number 80 on the corruption list to a witch hunt after low income people , just proves that you are not willing to let greece take any responsibility for anything . 
   you are focusing on the wrong part of the equation . 
  it is not the guilt trip that is important , no-one is saying that greece is not at fault . 
  it * is * important . 
  you said * the main culprits * were foreign firms . 
  that means that you are absolving the blame from the greeks . 
  the one who caused this , and the ones who can fix this , is the greeks . 
  if you keep blaming others , you do not take your responsibility , nor do you embrace the changes you 'll have to do . 
   what you should be focusing on is the after effects of the continued and prolonged punishment . 
  i agree that it 's not fun for the greeks right now , but what do you mean is the punishment ? 
  that your pensions are lowered ? 
  they were the highest in the oecd !, 
  that you 'll fire 150 000 civil servants ? 
  according to another oecd report you have a barely funtioning state , although you have 700 000 civil servants . 
  what do they actually do ? 
  why have you been paying them for all those years ? 
  why do you keep people that do not work ? 
  i can understand that things are not fun , but no one forced you to raise salaries , to avoid building up competetive industries , to raise pensions , to retire earlier , borrow money , constant budget deficit . 
  i am stunned , and chocked when i see greeks protesting things we 've had for decades , like property tax , retirement at 65 ( we have 67 ) , higher taxes ( you are still lower than ours btw ) , higher vat etc. 
  so , is the punishment to have things like we have them ? 
   most of the noise about nazis is really the media projecting ( and trying to shift cause-effect externally ) because the people of greece are torn and there is too much internal strife , so an external enemy is sought to focus on that ( does that remind you of something ? ) . 
  i suppose you are referring to the 30 's and the nazi , and a ) * all * countries do that in time of crises , and , as i did point out earlier , i do n't think * all * greeks agree with what some papers say b ) i am not german . 
   the fact that no-one is accepting ever the ( even minor ) role these german corporations played in the whole shebang just allows more false justifications to enter the game . 
  i * do * accept it ( as with goldman sachs , french banks etc ) but what your wrote were * greece 's corruption was facilitated mainly by siemens and other western europe corporations , * the keyword is * mainly * . 
  you are saying that more than half of the blame lies outside of greece . 
  and , i say that is wrong . 
  not saying that they are perfect , but mainly * the greeks * are to blame . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weimar_republic i honestly i have no clue what you mean with this ? 
  are you saying that you are going to turn into a fourth reich ? 
  you also implied that `` those who do not know history tend to repeat it '' . 
  is greece turning inot weimar and then you 'll try to take over the world ? 
  or are you trying to imply that i as a german ( which i am not , one can think the greek references to nazi 's are wrong anyway ) should know this?or are you implying that the germans are trying to invade you ?
