  well , stockholm is ok in december if you do n't mind the weather . 
  try a [ julbord ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sm%c3%b6rg%c3%a5sbord#julbord ) then , which is sort of a sm\u00f6rg\u00e5sbord of christmas dishes . 
  there are several cheap and decent youth hostels in the center of town if one thinks ahead a reserve a room early . 
  also , in december there are a lot of ( free ) christmas concerts in the church . 
  i have no idea of your interests , but if you go to stockholm , [ the vasa museum ] ( http://www.vasamuseet.se/en/ ) is always worth a visit . 
  you can stay for months if you just choose the youth hostels , cheap airlines/trains , fix your own breakfast etc. 
  december is n't exactly the perfect month to visit scandinavia ( i 'm swedish ) unless you are really fond of snow , cold and short days , but i guess the cities are ok . also , all over europe there 'll be christmas markets . 
  if you have $ 10 000 you can stay for much longer than 2-3 weeks if you like . 
  when are you planning on coming ( summer , winter etc ) ? 
  dear god , i was n't even thinking of almedalen . 
  i prefer a decent tournament , jousting etc any day over almedalen . 
  i ca n't imagine two more different things :-) . 
  they have a fairly big one in sweden , on the island of gotland , every year . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.medeltidsveckan.se/eng/index.pab ) is a link . 
  i 've been there by accident ( we decided to sail over to gotland sort of `` spur of the moment '' , and did n't check the dates ) , and it 's actually really fun . 
  a lot of people dress up and are really into it , you can buy medeival food etc. 
  also , the town of [ visby ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visby ) is one of the best preserved medieval towns in scandinavia etc , really quite cute with city walls , old houses etc. 
   yeah ... we also coerced the banking system into those nasty loans . 
  we also coerced our way into the eurozone and the eu with who knows , our military and political might ( i 'm being sarcastic ) . 
  please , explain what swedish banks have done ? 
  or swedish taxpayers ? 
  * we * did n't vote for governments that took bad loans , did we ? 
  you did . 
   when you spent the last 20 years providing subsidies to `` southern europe '' , most of which i might add , were either badly managed or completely taken by some crooks . 
  i am aware that we have done that and i so wish we would stop and let southern europe manage on it 's own . 
  it stupid to subsidise crooks , and i hope the eu stops . 
  * or * , but maybe i am going out on a limb her , you could start to actually * deal * with the crooks . 
  crazy thought , i know , but that would actually be a smart thing to do . 
   however , i know that both sides are equally guilty . 
  please , explain to me how sweden is equally guilty as greece ? 
  italy ? 
  portugal ? 
   i believe that the current imf deal benefits portugal more than the free market would . 
  ok , why do you write this then ? 
  that sounds like complaining to me , and as i 've said before , go to the free market then . 
   the free market does n't mandate you to close hospitals , to close railways , to close schools , to raise taxes , etc , etc ( or if you prefer , `` the guilt free version '' : reduce state spending ) ...  i am saying is , the only reason sweden and other countries are `` giving '' the money , it 's because it benefits them more than collapsing the economy and society of the `` southern europe '' . 
  which utterly defeats the purpose of gift . 
  well , i say that we are giving them , because that is what we are doing . 
  southern europe has messed up so royally , that we are forced to give money ( yes , we are * giving * ) , so that you wo n't mess up even more . 
  it 's a blackmail situation , and it 's certainly not created by us , it 's created by you . 
  well , what sort of interest do you think you 'd get from the free market ? 
  did portugal go to the imf because you did n't know there was a free market ? 
  of course not - you went to the imf because the free market would n't loan you money , at least to an interest rate that you can survive with , as a country . 
  how many hospitals do you think you 'd have to close then ? 
  but please , by all means , do n't take my word for it . 
  just hand back the imf money and be at the mercy of the free markets , i 'd honestly be happy for portugals sake if you prove me wrong . 
  also , who do you think provides the money to the imf that they loans you ? 
  among others , swedish tax payers . 
  we could have used the money differently , or , since you seem to be praising the free market , we would at least have gotten interest rate ( at the free market rate ) if we have lended you the money . 
  on the other hand , we might not have done that since our government does n't like careless spending when there 's no telling if we will get the money back . 
  now we give the imf money , and they lend it to you at a lower rate . 
  in short , swedish tax payers are subsidising portugal 's loans . 
   it 's being used to pay the interest on the massive interest low duration loans we took in 2008-2011 and to pay the state bills why did you take those loans then ? 
  why have you build up a state whose bills you ca n't pay for ? 
  we did n't force you , yet we are now subsidising your loans ( and we voted no to the euro btw ) that said , i do n't think the `` cutting spendings '' is ithe deal way and i do know that portugal is going through a rough time ( honestly there is no perfect way out of it ) , but i have a hard time seeing how it can be done differently . 
  more spending ? 
  with what money ? 
  from where ? 
  if the free market likes you , they will invest , otherwise the money will need to come from tax payers . 
  we are giving money to the imf , and to the eurocountries , the example i gave of us giving billions to the imf were just the latest in a long line of us giving money to southern europe , one way or another . 
  so , what you are saying that the loans that you are receiving from the imf are given at the same interest rate , or worse , than you would have received on the free market ? 
  otherwise it seems to me that you have received a discount , payed for with imf money . 
  i do n't think you have followed the discussions at r/europe at all . 
  it 's not very often religion/atheism is mentioned . 
  no , sweden have and is handing over money to the imf , not loaning it . 
  just a few days ago , anders borg , our minister of finance answered imf : s plea for money , handing over billions to imf . 
  we are not loaning the money , no interest , nothing . 
  i hope southern europe are using the money more wisely than we would have ... ( for example , paying off debt or investing in research , two things our two latest governments have liked doing ) . 
  edit : also , our banks have very little exposure towards southern europe . 
  could you please whow me the example of what you are referring to , with regards to sweden ? 
  are the faroe islands in the eu ? 
  are n't you like \u00c5land , part of finland ( in your case denmark ) but very independent ? 
  are you voting for denmark to withdraw ? 
  i did n't know you could do that . 
  also , the danes do not vote on their judges , do they ? 
  do you really do that on the faroe islands ? 
  i thought it was mostly in the us one did that . 
  no , he volunteered , as a child , to join the navy , he was then * forced * into the waffen ss . 
  you wrote that he volunteered to join the waffen ss , you are wrong !, 
  you did not write that he volunteered to join the navy . 
  you then based your assumption that he is/was an anti semite on that ( completely incorrect fact ) . 
  your argument falls . 
   how much of an apologist are you for nazi germany ? 
  i feel a little sick . 
  you are doing a common trick , try to make the argument about me , when you are proven wrong !, 
  sorry , will not work . 
  you are undecated and the fact that you are attacking me instead of grass will not change that . 
   yes . 
  well . 
  fortunately germany lost the war what does that has to do with grass , anti semitism or anything . 
  of course they did , but that has nothing to do with the fact that he , legally and morally was a child !, 
  the fact that you do not like it , does n't make it wrong , it makes you an idiot who seem to be unable to understand things like voting age and criminal responisibity . 
   nope , i can thanks so , why did you wrote `` he volunteered to join the waffen ss '' . 
  that statement is incorrect !, 
  he volunteered to join the navy - obviously you can not tell the difference . 
  * then * , when you are being proved wrong , you try to start talking about fascist , racist state . 
  you do n't even know there 's a difference between fascism and nazism . 
  you are uneducated , and stupid . 
   i clearly said there are many meanings of the word ` child ' and that under uk law a 17 year-old in the uk is held to be criminally responsible and is tried as an adult . 
  in most of the world , no !,
