  well i have provided with sources . 
  please , if you disagree , send me legitmate sources that say that you have been paying property tax forever , or that oecd is wrong . 
  you do not seem to no anything about the taxation systems in other countries . 
  where is wiki wrong about the corruption ( the info is from transparency international ) . 
  where is new yorker wrong on the shadow economy . 
  what is wrong about the oecd report . ? 
  show me then , or i am right . 
  according to this article , [ 6 out of 10 greeks are not paying taxes ] ( http://articles.cnn.com/2010-12-31/world/greece.taxes_1_income-taxes-greek-press-tax-evasion?_s=pm:world ) . 
  an [ oecd report ] ( http://www.oecd.org/dataoecd/53/40/49264921.pdf ) tells me you do n't have ( nor did you ever have ) a working tax or budget system , nor the ability to collect and maintain data !, 
  it is not just mp : s cheating , it is widespread , all over the board . 
  also , you do n't get to place 80 on [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corruption_perceptions_index ) without widespread corruption everywhere . 
  also , your tax rates are still low btw . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/talk/financial/2011/07/11/110711ta_talk_surowiecki ) it says you have a shadow economy of 27 % , not something you get buy accident , or by not involving ordinary people . 
  why have n't you protested the lack of tax collection and the lack of forming budgets - all necessary things in a modern state ( as mentioned in the oecd report ) ? 
   cooking from scratch is something of the past , what grandma used to do yes , i 've heard that too . 
  i dated an american for a while and he thought it was so wonderful that i cooked . 
  i 'm a student , and not the best of cooks either , but for me it 's just weird buying pasta sauce , mashed potatoes or something , and it does n't taste very well ( it 's also expensive and unhealthy ) . 
  i thought he was joking at first , when he praised what was normal home made food for me . 
  perhaps that is one of the good thing with the bad economy , more people will start cooking for themselves . 
  one can always hope ... 
  swede here . 
  in the us you are allowed to give your animals antibiotics to grow and many of them are also corn fed . 
  [ 70 % ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cattle_feeding ) of the antibiotics consumed in the us are given to the animals . 
  in sweden , we are not allowed to do that , never have been ( the reason we never got mad cow disease is that our cows were given grass , not weird stuff ) and i imagine that is true for large parts of europe . 
  some of the antibiotics you feed your animals are forbidden in the eu . 
  we ( sweden ) are also not allowed to have animals indoors the whole time , something i think you can do in the us . 
  also , in sweden , as elsewhere i imagine , the discussion flares up every year or so about the quality of our food etc. 
  it pushes people more and more towards eco practises , many schools for example tries to serve eco food ( we have free school lunches ) . 
  the eu is also stringently implementing the precautionary principle when it comes to food and , in my personal opinion , it it does reflects the publics opinion . 
  i do not know what people think in the us , but our [ beef hormone battle ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beef_hormone_controversy ) apparently started a hormone discussion in the us as well . 
  [ another article on hormones ] ( http://www.ucsusa.org/food_and_agriculture/solutions/wise_antibiotics/european-union-bans.html ) . 
  swedes do n't really buy milk that holds for weeks , and many people try to buy swedish meat , since you know how it 's been produced . 
  i also imagine if one cook more ( as in eat less fast food ) one gets more interested in the basic ingridients , and i still more of us cook our own meals than in the us . 
  you helped me decide what to eat tonight , thank you . 
  tonight it 's pea soup for me too . 
  i mostly eat a mix of swedish food and `` european '' ( french food , or something that i ca n't pinpoint , who owns `` chicken with salad '' ) . 
  since last thurday i 've eaten reindeer ( renskav ) with mashed potatoes , salmon with asparagus and a sauce , chicken with a salad , omelette and tonight i still have n't decided ... 
  i do n't think i have a favourite dish , it all depends . 
  i 'd say i like a meal that is well cooked from scratch with good ingridients and care - then i am rather sure i like it , whatever the region . 
  i think it 's good that he brought it up , if we live to 86 ( i think that 's what 's projected in 20 years in sweden ) and retire at 67 , it is a problem that needs to be discussed at least . 
  what are other countries saying about this ? 
  do you have this discussion ? 
  most countries retire earlier than we do already ( 63 or 65 is the most common i think ) . 
  what are they saying in your country ? 
  of course you do n't have to be nordic to realizing it was important ( a lot of other countries are ahead of us ) , but i am saying that the greeks probably did n't invest in it . 
  i 'd really like to compare our investement level in the 90 's ? 
  also , i 'd wonder if the greeks really have a different education level than for example the baltic countries who are quite tech savy , or if the nordics are that well educated . 
  it 's not like we are a lot more educated than the average greek . 
  is iceland the most educated country , since they are in the top ? 
  still , you might have a point ( about the younger generation ) , but i still think that the lack of internet users could have been overcome with investements and interest from the government . 
   and yet all we hear calls for are `` more europe , more of the same '' with little change to how things are done , even on this subreddit we have the europhiles keeping a blind eye to the negatives and clamouring for further integration . 
  it is like turkeys voting for christmas all to serve a very muddled ideal . 
  it seems like you are projecting your views of what the people are like in the subreddit europe upon me . 
  i am certainly not a friend of the euro , or or lying and bureacracy , or have any hight ideals about eu etc. 
  you are ranting about what irritates you about the eu/eurozone , not about what i think or wrote really . 
  all i did what point out that i think greece will be worse off if they default . 
  yes , maybe they should , but they will still be worse off . 
  hmm , i do n't think i am over-reacting . 
  for the record , i am swedish , and certainly not a big fan of the euro . 
  i do think however , what keeps greece up at the moment is the money they receive from the germany et al. 
  if the had a default , those money would stop coming , and it 's not like they have a lot of industry etc , i mean , the state ca n't even pay it 's own employees , certainly not the biggest of posts in a normal state budget . 
  will greece still exists , yes of course , but i think it will be ten times harder than they have it now . 
  maybe they have to exit and default anyway , they ca n't expect to be given money all the time ( and they lied to get in ) . 
  it is just not what i would wish for if i was greek . 
  i do n't agree with what you say . 
  my country ( sweden ) is about the same populationwise as greece ( we have 9,3 million , they have arond 10 million ) . 
  and swedes shop/discuss/do a lot of things over the internet . 
  a lot of things in sweden are almost exclusively done online , banking , some taxes etc , actually i 'd say we are ahead of the us/uk , at least in some aspects . 
  i 'd say that goes for norway , finland , denmark as well . 
  i suppose the greeks have n't invested in it or made it into a priority , which we did pretty early . 
  i understand that the country is divided on this , but i was answering deadlast , above me in the thread . 
  he seems to prefer the drachma to the euro . 
  i do n't believe that for a second , but sure , if that is what the greeks wants , go ahead . 
  i just do n't see how , provided that on your own , you ca n't even pay your own salaries , nevermind keeping up a functioning state . 
  but please , just go ahead and do it . 
  so you think that greece will be better off on their own , defaulting ? 
   this is not how eurozone works for smaller countries . 
  eurozone is unoptiomal currency area . 
  well , yes , but should n't this also be true for finland , austria and the netherlands ? 
   italy has been irresponsible in the past , but even it was cutting down it 's debt to gdp ratio until the crisis . 
  still bigger than it was supposed to be ( but so is germany 's ) , but calling the corrupt southern half `` irresponsible '' is being nice , it is a huge problem , and it 's not going to be solved by giving them more money ? 
  why should money from finland support corruption in naples ? 
  italy elected and re-elected berlusconi , does n't that tell you something ? 
   economic cycles in eu countries can be out of sync . 
  spain especially is in situation where monetary policy works against it . 
  i agree with you on this , i think it 's wrong to implement a financial union without having sorted out the political issues first , someone ( a lot of people ) is bound to suffer , in this case spain . 
  i still think they ( and everyone else ) knew the rules though when they joined , the ecb was modelled after bundesbank . 
  did n't they overspend/borrow to much because the interest rate was low ? 
  who forced them to do that ? 
  so , why are not finland and the netherlands in trouble in the same way then ? 
  also , southern italy is very corrupt , is that the eurozones fault ? 
  berlusconi ? 
  the low growth ? 
  the overspending ? 
  the euro has highligted structural issues that was already there in italy , and you do not have to borrow money just because you can ( although i admit , spain 's issues are not just their own fault , they did n't get the best of deals ) . 
  the article do not take into account the structural issues or the corruption ( and the perhaps , the tiredness of the voters on paying for that ) . 
  so , all the greeks problems steam from the fact that they decided to join the euro ? 
  have they had a single year with surplus , since 1973 ? 
  is that the euros fault ? 
  why should the finns pay for the fact that [ greece ] ( http://cpi.transparency.org/cpi2011/results/#countryresults ) is rather corrupt ?
