  i think that have done more harm . 
  or the fact that [ 6 out of 10 ] ( http://articles.cnn.com/2010-12-31/world/greece.taxes_1_income-taxes-greek-press-tax-evasion?_s=pm:world ) do n't even pay taxes ? 
  is that the euros fault ? 
  i can understand that there is a problem , but to blame that problem on the euro is completely incorrect , then the finns , the netherlands , belgium and austria would have a problem too . 
  and , the greeks , as everyone else , knew the rules when they joined , but they cheated . 
  do you solve that with giving/handing over more of other peoples money , without getting anything back , as the articles promises?i know sweden/greece is not the same , but the article is saying austerity does n't help , i am saying it does , particularely if you are corrupt , otherwise you are just handing over money to corruption.the article never says how they will stop the cheating and corruption , and that is a very big issue . 
  so , if we skip the austerity , what money is the greeks , for example , going to spend ? 
  their own ? 
  i think it 's fine if they spend their own money , but as i understand it the author wants them to be given more money to spend , from other countries , not their own . 
  and , to be given , not borrowed . 
  also , why is the time span just the last two years . 
  that is a very short time in economics . 
  austerity , restructuring worked in sweden in the 90 's for example . 
  the nordic countries are `` old countries '' , and all of us ( apart from iceland ) have aaa - ratings . 
  the same goes for the netherlands if i recall correctly , also rather old . 
  thank you , interesting statistic . 
  it seems to be hurting italy more at the moment , than benefiting . 
  i 've compared sweden/denmark/finland as well , and i truly fail to see the benefit of it , apart from that they have to pay more now and have no control over their currency . 
  i suppose that is why i do not understand this article , there was growth outside of the eurozone too , i do not understand why they are saying that the growth is due to the euro . 
  thank you . 
  i 've looked at some of the stats , and i really do n't see how the euro made a difference , apart from the fact that they seem to be worse off now , compared to sweden . 
  i also compared them to denmark . 
  the growth happened to non euro countries too . 
  i really fail to see how the euro has been beneficial to them , now they have to pay more than we do , and have no control over their currency . 
  could someone tell me how the euro countries have managed , compared to non euro countries ? 
  i mean , they say that the finnish economy went up , but so did the swedish ( non euro ) , during the same period . 
  have the finns done better than the swedes - as far as i know , they have n't . 
  have it been beneficial perhaps to be * outside * of the euro . 
  uk vs france etc ? 
  i mean , if the euro is that beneficial , countries outside would have suffered/grown less etc , right ? 
  are there any studies about that ? 
  ok , thanks . 
  i am swedish , cdu does n't seem left wing to me even when they are ... . :-), 
  yes , but they are still not * socialist * , which they are accused of being . 
  from your link ( thanks btw ) :  the term `` social '' was chosen rather than `` socialist '' to distinguish the social market economy from a system in which the state directed economic activity and/or owned the means of production , [ 2 ] which are usually privately-owned in the social market model . 
  cdu believes in private ownership . 
  not everything should be collectively owned by `` arbeiter '' germany is not a socialist state . 
  merkel is n't a socialist . 
  neither is obama . 
  so , people accusing them of being socialists are wrong . 
  i read it in german ( i am swedish btw ) , [ link ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/0,1518,807937,00.html ) and here are som quotes from the article . 
  translation - and for the radical liberal ron paul is ... he want to remove all troops , so that the us wont keep on financing the socialist germany . 
   americans are opposed to excessive taxation and income redistribution ... essentially , they disagree with you about the best way to run a society . 
  they are n't idiots any more than you are . 
  that is true , and that is not what i was objecting too . 
  what i ( and i think several other people ) are objecting to is that educated people , who are trying to become the most powerful man in the world , all of them in politics , do not know the basic definition of different political ideologies . 
  [ socialism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialism ) is an economic system characterized by social ownership of the means of production and cooperative management of the economy ; or a political philosophy advocating such a system . 
  the [ social democrats ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democracy ) of today can be described as people eho wants a modern social democracy , one view presented calls for the profound reformation of capitalism to align it with the ethical ideals of social justice while maintaining the capitalist mode of production , rather than creating an alternative socialist economic system . 
  a ) the social democrats do not want to let the workers have ownership of the productions . 
  b ) most countries in europe are not even governed by social democrats , certainly not germany/france and the uk , the biggest ones . 
  so , either you have presidential candidates that truly believes that obama and europe want all the means of productions to be owned by the workers for example , no private ownership and all that , which to me is baffling . 
  do they truly believe that merkel wants no more private ownership?she grew up in the ddr for god 's sake - she is firmly against socialism because of that.do they think cameron is not going to allow private companies ? 
  do you think obama is not going to allow you to on your business ? 
  * or * are they mixing up socialism with social democrats?the fact that they can do that is baffling to most europeans , we do learn different political definitions in school ( as i suppose you do as well ) , and this is one of the basic one , to be filed under general knowledge together with the capital of india and knowing who nelson mandela is . 
  i do n't know which one these explenations it is , but both of them seem strange and scary . 
  powerful politicians that think europe is out to socialise the continent and end privately held companies ( and apparently do not know merkel/sarkozy very well ) , or powerful politicians that seem to lack general knowledge of basic political terms . 
  what other things do n't they know ? 
  maybe you are right , i do not know these candidates well enough and i can also see your point , but i must also remind you that you did elect bush jr :-) , twice , and he was n't very bright . 
  still , you do not have to be nice to europeans to know basic political definitions , that is what irritates me . 
  i might not like bush , but he was n't a nazi , i do not mix up liberals with communists , fascist with the green party etc , and this is a basic definition that a lot of people/politicians/news from the us get wrong all the time . 
  these people are educated , at good schools and do n't know basic political definitions ? 
  it makes me think they are stupid and uneducated , even if they are not . 
  do you know why they do not know this ? 
  what did the romans ever do for us ? 
  well , i think technically all of them have a degree , so they have some way of processing information at least ... or maybe just daddy bought the degree for them a la george w bush, 
  i suppose it 's nothing new to bash other countries during election year , we do it too , but i do wish the could learn the difference between socialism and social democrats . 
  really !, 
  so she is cheating on her taxes ? 
  i think denmark have something similar , helle thorning smiths husband lives in switzerland or something like that . 
  who is the government official ( s ) from norway that is living in france ? 
  south africa ? 
  we ( sweden ) have low interst rates too , and is probably one of the few countries with increasing gdp and a budget surplus as well , but our house prices are standing still or sinking . 
  mind you , we have had a bit of a bubble as well , but low interest rates does n't have to mean increased consumption . 
  i do n't know if that can translate to germany though , i fear very much that you are right . 
  but if they do , it will be the germans fault , no one elses . 
  i still say '' no one forces you to borrow :-) . 
  i think 2012 will be a very interesting year in the eurozones . 
  but a ) the knew the rules for the ecb when joining b ) no one forces you to borrow money . 
  it is not an unimaginable situation that the situation will turn around eventually and you will have to be able to cope with higher interest rates ... . everyone knows that , and everyone should include that in their budget . 
  other countries managed low interst rates without creating a housing bubble , so obviously that can not be the only cause . 
  that said , i know that accusations been flying everywhere , from `` breaking the rules '' to `` reckless borrowing '' to '' keeping interest rates down '' etc , and the truth is probably somewhere in between . 
  the eurozone has been trying to integrated separate economies with too fast , without proper political integration . 
  all the countries knew that going in , so i say they are all to blame in a way . 
  but almost all the countries violated it , belgium and france too , and i am not even starting on greece and italy . 
  why is germany bad then ( i am not german btw ) . 
  i do not see how they caused the crise of 2008 or the spanish housing bubble . 
  i know you have a lower debt/gdp than germany , but was n't your budget deficit 11 % in 2009 and 9 % in 2010 . 
  is n't that a violation as well since it 's not supposed to be more than 3 % ? 
  but do n't they want to spend germany 's money ? 
  i mean , if the greeks spend their own money , it 's up to them , but spending someone elses money ? 
  so , the greeks wants more money , given to them through eu , imf , etc to spend , and the money they spend will mainly come from the germans ? 
  if i am wrong , and the greeks somehow do n't need any more aid , then ok , fine , but i have to side with the germans here . 
  dill !, 
  swedes eat a lot of dill , but i have never tried it with reindeer . 
  the receipe sounds absolutely lovely , i 'll try it . 
  thank you . 
  i 'd like to try the turkey , potatoes , brussel sprout etc at some point too , it does sounds absolutely lovely . 
  really , i did n't know that ? 
  we do n't have reindeer for christmas ( reservation for sami traditions i do not know about ) . 
  a classic recepe that i make when i am lazy/tired/wants to make something in 20 minutes is [ renskav ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saut%c3%a9ed_reindeer ) .
