  but * we * said no to the level of integration . 
  please , point out where sweden fucked up our finances so much that we have to give up our right to independence . 
  * you * integrated . 
  * you * did n't solve the underlying issues beforehand . 
  * you * overspent - sweden did n't . 
  that does n't mean that we are not willing to help , but it should be in a manner of our own choosing , not being bullied into imposing taxes that we have tried and rejected . 
   i do n't like the fact that the eu is becoming less democratic any more than you do and i realise this is one of the problems this is the worst . 
  if i may quote benjamin franklin : they who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety , deserve neither liberty nor safety the eu started as a democratic union , to end wars . 
  now it has become an undemocratic monster , who is willing to trade in freedom and democracy rather that face problems themselves are responsible of creating . 
  democracy is not a little thing , it is * the * thing . 
  we said no to the euro and every single country in the eurozone ( apart from finland ) is more corrupt than we are . 
  merkozy do not care about the swedes , you just want our money and you are certainly willing to trade in issues like democray and freedom to get that . 
  i am sorry , those issues happen to be important to us , and i do not want to be part of an union ( in this case the eurozone ) that so easily gives that up . 
  i do n't think anyone should be who belives in democracy . 
  no , i suggest maybe not handing over money at all . 
  has it been beneficial just to hand over money to greece for the last 20-30 years ? 
  it goes right to the people who should n't have it . 
  if they had n't received it , maybe they actually would have dealt with the huge problems they had . 
  yes , i 've heard that too and i think there 's a point to that , but in a complex problems that is not the only reason . 
  if the other countries were not such a mess , they could n't have done that . 
  you do not hear the netherlands and finland complain ... basically , almost none of the euro countries have stuck to what they agreed upon , not germany , but neither has the other countries , so whom are they to complain ( apart from finland and luxemburg who seem to have a raw deal ) btw , we are not in the euro , and we had really low inflation rates too , in 2009 we managed to have deflation , so it is possible to achive that without scheming . 
  to solve the problem they have to deal with underlying structural issues , massive pension reforms , deal with the corruption and about a million more things , that has nothing to do with germany 's inflation . 
  i am sure we are , our economy is heavily tied to germany as our biggest export country etc , but more to the point i think * germany * is in trouble if they do not change their ways . 
  my point is that while i do n't agree wholeheartedly with the uk , i does n't seem to me that france/germany are trying to change the underlying structural issues ( uk have them too , btw ) . 
  they ca n't put on band aids and carry southern europe on their back forever , things need to change . 
  thanks , have to go back to my essay now ( due tomorrow , that is why i am up late writing on reddit :-) ) , but i 'll take a look tomorrow . 
  i do n't see why i as a swede should trust sarkozy more than cameron . 
  also , brit , german , whatever , i certainly think it is rude calling them cockroaches , and you add absolutely nothing to the discussion . 
  that is why i downvoted you . 
  ok , the reasoning and calculations behind * solving some * of the worlds problems . 
  he said it was a one way to solve the global problems and i am assuming he has some base for his claim . 
  if you make a budged or something , based on that tax , i am assuming that one is calculating with x billion $ that get allocated to greece , x billion $ to spain etc and i 'd like to see that calculation, 
  sorry , spelling mistake . 
  yes , i am since i ask for calculations , budgets and boring stuff like that we swedes like . 
  it is much better to claim that it will `` contribute to lessen the gap betwen rich and poor in the world '' , without saying how . 
  that is exactly why i do not want to hand over money to the eu , one even get critizised when asking for numbers and calculations , apparently it is much better to talk but do n't balance budgets . 
  he said it was a one way to solve the global problems and i am assuming he has some base for his claim . 
  if you make a budged or something , based on that tax , i am assuming that one is calculating with x billion $ that get allocated to greece , x billion $ to spain etc and i 'd like to see that calculation, 
  i am at university and i have access to basically all databases etc. 
  please give me the scientific articles that point in this direction . 
  i have seen nothing but articles against , and your `` belief '' ( which i am sure is well intended ) , is not swaying me . 
  also , how on earth , are you going to get china , japan , us , canada etc to obey , and not make money out of it ? 
  that is plain naive . 
  also , handing over more money to countries and people who has clearly showed nothing but disdain and corruption is not a smart thing to do . 
  please explain en economical/financial terms exactly how this tax is going to get rid of youth unemployment in spain , global warming , corruption in southern italy , etc. 
  you must have calcualtions , and all the science behind , otherwise it is just faith . 
  a belief is just that , a belief . 
  sweden have tried , why not listen to us and our finance minister , we have better numbers than most of you . 
  also , if you are for freedom and democracy , why ca n't we , who are not in the euro , and has done nothing but paying netto to the eu and obeying the rules decide which financial taxes we want to implement . 
  we did not fuck up - a lot of other countries did that . 
  you are taking away our right to decide , because someone messed up . 
  if that is the eu you want , or believe in , then i want no part of it . 
  why - do you think that it will solve europe 's and the worlds problem ? 
  add an extra tax instead of dealing with the underlying fact that you went in to a fiscal union , but not a political one . 
  the structural problems ? 
  the corruption in greece ? 
  italy ? 
  the fact that very few of the countries in the euro , including germany and france are living up to the rules they set up ? 
  the global warming ? 
  and , bullying countries that does n't want it to implement it , even if the have more experience with it than any of you . 
  please , if one singel tax can solve all of the worlds problems , by all means , i am for it , but i hardly think so . 
  it is an attemt to put a band aid on a bleeding europe while not attempting to solve the underlying issues . 
  well , all of the 80 's were related to the financial crise we had in the 90 's , and the banking crise was one part of it . 
  the tax was a disaster . 
  our minister of finance , anders borg has said on several occasions that it was a really stupid tax and that we are not implementing it . 
  `` between 90-99 % of the traders in bond equities moved from stockholm to london '' . 
  he was also just voted best finance minister by the financial times . 
  honestly , i wish someone would listen to him about the ftt . 
  here 's some [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tobin_tax#sweden.27s_experience_in_implementing_tobin_taxes_in_the_form_of_general_financial_transaction_taxes ) . 
  honestly , i ca n't imagine why anyone would implement that . 
  sweden - yes , sort of . 
  we have a freedom of information act ( offentlighetsprincipen ) that means that you basically have a right a a citizen to see all the , all the protocols , meeting notes and all the reasons for any decisions etc from any authority , unless a threat to national secutity or harm to a third party ( basically , anything they have ) . 
  often they are put on a web page when they are made public , or you just call and ask them to send it to you . 
  btw , they commit a crime if they do not give you the relevant papers within reasonable time ( which means the same day or the next day ) . 
  i think finland has something like that too . 
  i do not know what you mean with northern europe , but sweden and denmark are firmly against the euro , and norway is n't even in the eu . 
  also , sweden had a huge financial crises in the 90 's - we dealt with it and reformed our economy , bailed out banks etc. 
  we caused our own crise , and we dealt with it too . 
  apart from the fact that they capture endangered and and non endangered species alike , i do not see why they do not breed the birds if they want to eat them , this is a really cruel way to capture them . 
  another problem is that some bird populations might be in decline even if they are not endagered . 
  imagine a common bird like the [ willow warbler ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/willow_warbler ) . 
  it might not be endagered , but if it declines with 70 % like it has in england/scotland , it will affect the environment , those little birds eat millions of insects . 
  and , yes , millions of birds captured in spain will have an impact too . 
  just breed them if you want to eat them . 
  well , yes and no ( about the eurozone ) . 
  i honestly have no idea what the eurozone wants , or what they are planning to do . 
  i 'd hand over money * if * they said something along the lines of : we need x billion $ for the next ten years . 
  in five years , we plan to have italy back in black , cut these costs in spain and improve the greece produvtivity to eu level in 10 etc. 
  we are also planning to change the banking laws so that this will never happen again , next time they will fail , etc etc ( million more things ) . 
  i have n't seen any of that . 
  it seems like they are doing some ad hoc method , killing small fires but not the underlying one . 
  where is the plan ? 
  where is the `` coming together '' . 
  where is the agreements of fiscal discipline ? 
  as you may know , sweden had a big crise in the 90 's and what helped a parlamentary agreement to fiscal discipline ( has been kept since ) , `` cleaning up the finances '' , cutting costs , long term plans how to improve things , and also , disclosure of how bad it was . 
  i do not see a lot of that in the way the ez are handling the crises . 
  it might as well go into a eurozone hole . 
  if you have respect for your taxpayers , you disclose plans , and where the money is going - eurozone do not . 
  nor do i see a plan . 
  that said , of course sweden is depending on the eu : s finacial health , but i 'd rather have it crash and be rebuilt ( much like we had ) than to keep supporting unsound finances .
