  why have n't industries been build up ? 
  what big greek industries are there ? 
  ethics code ? 
  their ethics code prevents them from discussing things , but not from doing them ? 
  in sweden we have [ semlor ] ( http://www.swea.org/semla___2013.aspxhttp://www.swea.org/semla___2013.aspx ) , a wheat bun filled with wipped cream and almond icing , served either as it is , or with warm milk . 
  edit : i think i 've had the krafne ( or i 've had krapfen in germany ) and they were good as far as i remember . 
  the pancakes looks deliscious as well . 
  thanks , i 'll look it up . 
  water shortage in southern europe , change in farming practices both in southern/northern europe , desertification , loss of biodiversity , movement of species . 
  more forest fires in southern europe , more expensive food . 
  oceanic acidification . 
  to mention a few, 
  yes , i know . 
  i really do n't like the woman ( alexandra pascolidou ) but i sat down to watch the documentary anyway , saying to myself - `` at least it 's a subject she knows and she is intelligent , think nice thoughts now norrsken '' - but i was disappointed . 
  she never deals with the deep seeted corruption that penetrates every aspect of the society , she just mentions it . 
  she never ask people why they took loans , just because they could . 
  never asked them why they again and again voted for reforms that were finacially insane ( like the pensions ) etc.there is so many questions to be asked and so much to show , but she took her normal route blaming it on someone else and showing some poor kid/woman who has done nothing wrong . 
  the point she does get across ( as you said ) is the deep seated wish with many greeks ( at the time ) to be a part of the eu/eurozone . 
  the comment about `` living like eastern europeans '' does get that point across , although not in the way she imagined ... that woman was born with a chip on her shoulder . 
  well , perhaps , but why have you then become uncivilized ? 
  probably , but i would like to see an interview with them though . 
  thanks . 
  it 's more that she walks around , meets a butcher who works hard , a family who ca n't afford electricity , a soup kitchen who sees an increase in visitors etc. 
  interesting perhaps from the perspective of the ordinary greeks , but at least for me , she never answer the questions why corruption is rampant , why they borrowed like crazy , why the productivity is so low , etc. 
  i 'd like her to meet with the eu corruption agency , the goldmann sachs , the politicians , anyone with an insight into their tax system and the ordinary greek who also has avoided , at least up until now to pay taxes . 
  ask everyone how they think that would work in the long run , particularely with the generous retirement plans they had , who far exceeded the average oecd country , the low taxation etc. 
  the problem is the documentary does n't answer the question , what is wrong with the greeks . 
  what is you field ? 
  i 'm in stockholm right now , and we get snow and cold every year . 
  i do n't mind though , i like it , plus that i like all the winter sports . 
  we also have a university . 
  what are you studying btw ? 
  one of the coldest city in sweden with a university is [ ume\u00e5 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ume%c3%a5 ) though , with [ ume\u00e5 university ] ( http://www.umu.se/english/?languageid=1 ) . 
  you can also study in [ lule\u00e5 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lule%c3%a5 ) who has lule\u00e5 university , not as big . 
  i am sure it will be cold and snowy enough for you . 
  also , if you do n't want more of northern sweden , we also have [ uppsala university ] ( http://www.uu.se/en/?languageid=1 ) , in the city of uppsala one hour north of stockholm . 
  sweden 's oldest university and usually a few degrees colder than stockholm . 
  where are you from ? 
  how do you mean ? 
  i know some people use it as `` capitalism failed us '' as seen in the occupy wall street protests or in greece , but how do you mean they use it ? 
  here is a [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capitalism ) definition : there is general agreement that elements of capitalism include private ownership of the means of production , creation of goods or services for profit or income , the accumulation of capital , competitive markets , voluntary exchange and wage labor . 
  how do you say they are defining it ? 
  also , i have n't seen anyone correcting them , socialism almost equals liberalism to them it seems . 
  i 'd at least expect a lot of angry editorials on the uneducation of the politicians from newpapers , but they do n't seem to care . 
  just from the top of my head i 've heard several of the presidential candidates ( rick perry comes to mind for example ) and several senators calling obama a socialist . 
  [ here ] ( http://articles.latimes.com/2012/jan/29/nation/la-na-campaign-attacks-20120130 ) is newt gingtrich calling obama pro european socialism - and he was the speaker of the house . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/0,1518,808044,00.html ) is a reference to ron paul claiming that the us is subsidising a socialist germany . 
  i do n't really mind the europe bashing , what i do mind it that they do not seem to know the difference btw socialism and social democrats ( never mind that most countries in europe are n't even run by social democrats ) . 
  that is why i assumed the op was an american , you do not see those sort of things that ron paul said by a europan politician , they are supposed to know the difference between political systems . 
  btw , i 've always wondered - why do n't anyone correct those politicians who use the word socialism incorrectly . 
  i 've heard it in debates , read it etc and i do n't see anyone heckle them for it . 
  are they corrected and i 'm reading the wrong papers , or do n't anyone care ? 
  well , could you point me to the europan politicians that mix and incorrectly uses those terms ? 
  i said that the only ones i 've heard who uses socialist that way are americans , i never said all americans use it incorretly . 
  a lot of newspapers in sweden has carried this article , but i reacted like you , was rather incredulous . 
  i mean , without food for two months ? 
  however weird , it does seem to be true though . 
  truth is always stranger than fiction i suppose . 
  i did n't mean it to be insulting , but the ones i mostly hear using `` socialist '' in the ( incorrect ) way the op does are american . 
  at least i have n't heard a spanish politician accusing us swedes of being socialist . 
  all the presidential candiadates i 've heard so far have used `` europan '' `` liberal '' and '' socialist '' as interchangeble insults . 
  that is rude in my mind . 
  wast chunks is a bit exaggurated in my opinion . 
  the us for example owns more land and owns more companies than sweden , so you are saying they are socialists ? 
  i do not think that the us ( or france ) is socialistists , they are not aiming to nationalize all companies or to abandon the market economy . 
  and no one noticed for two months ... i do n't understand , how hard can it be to dig yourself out of perhaps two meters of snow.he must be weird , somehow.also , brought a sleeping bag , but no phone ? 
  is this for real ? 
  this is so bizarre , i read about it too . 
  why did he stay there , why was the car on a really small road etc ? 
  why not just open the door and walk away . . he must be mentally ill or something . 
  i am swedish , and as far as i know , at least most scandinavians make a clear distinction between social democracy and socialism . 
  i do think that sometimes people tend to mix up communism and socialism though , as you said . 
  ok , thanks . 
  if you are not american , as you edited , where are you from then ? 
  why is your definition of socialism different from wikipedias or the wildely accepted ones ? 
  it is hard to answer your question if you have your own definition of socialism.please explain your definition to us . 
  how is sarkozy a socialist ? 
  you do know that socialist , among other things , is is an economic system characterized by social ownership or control of the means of production and cooperative management of the economy , and a political philosophy advocating such a system . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialism ) . 
  are you saying that sarkozy is giving up private ownership and wants the state to own all the companies ? 
  no more stock exchange ? 
  no more banks ? 
  that is not what he is doing in my mind , and i 'd wish you explain it to me how he is nationalizing all the companies for example , because i have not seen it . 
  i assume that you are an american , and have confused social liberalism or social democracy with socialism , since the word socialism is commonly ( and incorrectly ) used that way in the us . 
  from sweden - gay life is like life for everyone else i suppose . 
  gay people are allowed to get married and do whatever other people do . 
  i honestly do n't know anyone who cares if people are gay or not , or is opposed to gay marriages etc. 
  it 's probably in the will , and wills do n't expire . 
  thank you for taking the time to answer . 
   more than six in 10 taxpayers earn less than 12,000 euros per year and are not required to pay income taxes under the greek tax system . 
  so , i hope you do n't mean that the lowest incomes should pay taxes and i move on arguing ; it is impossible to tax-evade in greece if you are a salaried employee in a legally-operating company . 
  yes , i certainly do . 
  in my country , who has just contributed a lot of money to bailout/eurozone we start paying at $ 1100 . 
  one pay it percentagewise , not absolute numbers . 
  it is rather high if you compare it to other european countries to start at $ 12 000 . 
  why should you start to pay taxes later than us ? 
  i am a low income student , should i pay taxes so you do not have to ? 
   i wonder how can somebody estimate the `` shadow '' economy but anyway , that figure surely includes economic activity conducted by immigrants . 
  ( not that i mind them , i 'm just noticing it ) of course , no one has the perfect number but it 's done quite frequently , and accurately for a number of countries ( including my own ) . 
  so , the number is probably around correct.this number did n't come out of nowwhere .
