  greece had a debt of 98 % in 1993 . 
  but belgium had a debt of 125 % in 1993 . 
  that 's what i wanted to say . 
  we did n't end up in a situation like greece because we have ( had ) a huge private surplus . 
  greece does n't . 
  ok , that just means that you are not taking care of your finances either . 
  rather reckless if you ask me in these times . 
  there are a lot of reasons you are not where greece is , for example you have more industy , you are not as corrupt , you do n't have the same rampant tax evasion etc. 
  that is also in now way an argument for me to hand over more money we have been doing that every day since we joined . 
  and guess what - when we increased our retirement age , they decreased . 
  we reformed our labour market , they did n't etc. 
  why are they not changing then ? 
   but i think we could give them some space and some breath to do this . 
  what , apart from paying their salaries etc ? 
  how much breath do you need ? 
  whos money are you planning on investing ? 
  you do know that greece have n't really implemented anything , italy has n't changed any of it labour laws , they re - elected berlosconi etc. 
  you are saying that we should * keep * giving them money , without proof . 
  that is what we have been doing forever , and it has not worked - they have lived off that money . 
  enough !, 
  also , you do understand that `` the breeding space '' you are referring to is money that comes from other peoples tax payers ? 
  it is easy to hand over other peoples money . 
  if you are so sure , why does n't belgium borrow a lot of money , hand it over to the greeks ( you seem to say that is no risk ... . ) . 
  we would rather wait , but please , you go ahead . 
  '  well , i think this only really applies to greece and maybe protugal . 
  italy is n't in that much trouble today . 
  spain had a balanced budget before the crisis . 
  it were their banks that fucked it up . 
  same goes for ireland . 
  no , it 's not just about the banks , although i wish it was . 
  yes , the immidiate crises , but that is not what brought greece to it 's knees , or southern italys corruption . 
  italy has had a low growth for years , refused to deal with rigid bureacracy , rigid labour laws etc. 
   i believe we 'll be getting on a very , very dangerous path then . 
  this will cause the ez to collapse . 
  once the possibility of leaving the ez is certainly there . 
  so , if you ca n't handle the heat - get out . 
  or , you could see it as if you refuse to reform , lie , cheat and have no industry , you should n't be there to begin with . 
  cut the dead weight . 
  yes , i know that maybe other countries will fall , but perhaps they need to fall then . 
  you keep on asking money for your pet project , which was ill though off to begin with ( fincancial integration without political ) . 
   i fear the ez is too much intertwined with the eu to keep the eu safe after its fall . 
  what , so . 
  so you mean that we are not going to have a free custom union if the ez falls ? 
  i ca n't work in the netherlands any more ? 
  of course the eu is there , just set back a bit , think about it as eu back in 98 or something . 
  hardly the end of the world , maybe that will teach the politicans some lessons . 
   of course it 's not the fault of the lenders now , but they 're not free from blame either that is not what you are hearing from a lot of the countries in the debt crises . 
  also , while they are not guilt free ( the lenders ) , these countries essentially created this situation for themselves ( compare with the baltics , with finland , with sweden , the different crises over there , also created by the countries themselves , and solved by themselves ) . 
  all of a sudden we should come running with money so that you ill though through pet project wo n't fall , so that countries do n't have to change . 
  let it fall . 
  we are all grown ups - why not face the consequenses of once actions . 
  if it 's that bad , maybe it has to fall , you can start again in 10-20 years time if you like . 
   you need to remember why the ez was formed . 
  it was because of mass speculation against national currencies , in particular the italian and the french currency . 
  no , that is not why the ez was formed . 
  first , it was greece who had that debt in 1993 , not belgium . 
  sorry , i meant to write that . 
   also sweden made some great progress thanks to the open european market . 
  other countries , some of them in southern europe benefited as well . 
  i am not saying everything is/was bad , but while we paid off debt , reformed labour market ( we still need to do a lot more btw ) , balanced budgets etc , other countries * choose * not to . 
  so , now we have to pay even more since they have behaved ( financially ) bad.that is unfair and disloyal of those countries refusing to change . 
  honestly , when talking about being `` loyal '' to other countries , i do n't think they are being very loyal towards the eu or the eurozone . 
  it 's not loyal to * always * receive money . 
  it 's not loyal to live on other people 's money , it 's not loyal to refuse to reform . 
  perhaps they need this to wake up . 
   demanding from the greek that they get their budget under control with a bond yield of 17 % is just too harsh . 
  that 's impossible for greece . 
  personally , i think greece should exit the ez . 
   but it 's also important to keep the eu alive . 
  the eu is alive , maybe the ez is not . 
  if the ez ca n't handle the pressure , then maybe it should fall . 
  i am not big on keeping government , banks , states going forever with the help of aid . 
  sure , sometimes it can be beneficial with some extra help , but southern europe have received extra money since the eu was formed - maybe this is what the eu needs to see that you just ca n't transfer money endlessly . 
  sure it will hurt a lot , but it will be better in the long run . 
  if you are not ready for it , stop entering fiscal unions . 
  ca n't stop being corrupt - well , then you are not getting any more money . 
  we are putting band aids on what essentially needs surgery - that has to stop one way or another , and better sooner than later . 
   it 's the private debt that made it so hard for greece . 
  that private debt accumulated because of the eurozone . 
  no one forced them to borrow money , and as i said , 98 % ( !!! ), 
  also , what has made it hard for greece is the rampant corruption , the tax evasion , the lack of industry etc. ... 
   lets try to be pragmatic , what kind of non economic benefit are you going to have to sacrifice if europe go down i do n't think wwiii is starting which seems to be what you are implying . 
  i think one has to take responsibilty for ones choices , both as a person , and as a country . 
  i do n't think a lot of countries ( and persons ) are doing that though.i think in the long run it benefits everybody . 
  we ( sweden ) had a financial crises in the 90 's and i can really say that it was good that we had it , good that we had to fix it ourselves as well . 
  that crises paved the way for a common fear among people and politicians alike for inflation/to much debt / borrowing/overspending and has led to the fact that nowdays * none * of the big parties dare not to balance a budget . 
  we have a more independent national bank than ecb and we 've been paying off debts like there 's no tomorrow , which in the long run has helped us . 
  it honestly does n't strike me as many countries of the ez have that sense of responsibility of the crises yet , it is , after all , they who have created it ( just like sweden created our own crise ) . 
  i mean , heck , we are talking about retiring at 70 now , and people in other countries are demonstrating because they are at 65 ? 
  seriously , for the pensions to work , one * has * to work longer . 
  that is just one example of how i think the swedish mindset was positively changed by the crises , and i really do n't see why that ca n't happen in other countries . 
  it will not happen though , as long as one keeps on throwing good money after bad , nor will it happen if one alway blame other people . 
  besides , you have n't answered how loyal/solidaric it is to live on other peoples money . 
  why should just we be loyal with our wallets , why not them ? 
  i 'd rather be loyal in that sense that i know it 's going to hurt me to if they fall , but seriously , they might need it to fix themselves . 
  no one else can fix me , neither as a person or country , but i have to want it and be prepared to do it . 
  i do n't think a lot of countries in the ez are . 
  still , we do n't want to give more , and you have no right to force us , you did say you wanted the eu to hand over money to the eurozone . 
   of course the money should come with conditions.of course the money should come with conditions . 
  the money has * always * come with conditions , but that has never ever stopped anything .
