  since the recession ? 
  if you want money you will have to be very exact on how you are going to change ( and nothing vague ) . 
  your claims that `` we will oversee so that there 's no corruption '' is very ... unscientific and romantic , but not based in any reality whatsoever . 
  give me an exact plan how you are going to punish the greeks who do n't pay taxes and get them to stop tax evasion . 
  what year exactly are they going to be on par with the netherlands in tax paying ? 
  your reasoning migh be noble and kind , but i think you are doing more harm than good . 
  if the eu/ez had stopped handing over money decades ago , they would have had to deal with it . 
  now they have to - finally . 
   i do n't think we need to learn the lesson in such a hard way . 
  there are indeed flaws in the eurozone and in a lot of european countries , especially when compared to the scandinavian countries . 
  and while the collapse of the eurozone would be a very effective way to teach politicians and citizens some discipline , i do n't think it will be very efficient . 
  on the contrary . 
  i feel like it would n't be worth all the trouble . 
  maybe it 's better to muddle along for a while and progress slowly than to collapse first and then be rebuilded into a stronger nation not learn the lessons in such a hard way . 
  hmm - there 's been trouble since , 2008 . 
  have they learned their lessons which you say that they are doing ? 
  hmm - tax evasion rampant as ever ( greece , southern italy ) . 
  more borrowing ( everybody ) . 
  corruption - more . 
  balancing budgets - no . 
  voting for berlusconi - again . 
  refuse to raise retirement age , refuse to reform labour laws/bureacracy etc. 
  honestly , would you say that this behaviour is from countries who 's grasping the seriousness of the situation and learning their lessons ? 
  no , of course not , they have n't learned a single damn thing . 
  something has to happen , and since handing over trillions over euros ( yes , the ez has been having stimulus programs , imf funds etc ) obviously does n't help since that has ben done since forever , something has to change . 
  i say , the proof is up to you now . 
  show me the changes , show me how the greeks are just dying to pay taxes , the italians will throw out all their corrupt little clowns etc - then we can talk . 
  it appears that they do have to learn their lessons the hard way , since they seemed to have learned nothing . 
  finally , thank you for your kind words about nordic countries , but there are a lot of flaws here too ... - a lot ( crime , immigration , idiotic people etc ) . 
  i know finland did handle their crises pretty well , and i think one of the things that worked in their advantage was a sense of togetherness , we have to pull through , together , as finns . 
  i also know that they increased their spending , but that was with their money , not with anyone elses . 
  i am however endlessly teasing them about the euro now , and that pisses them off . 
  ( long rivalry with finnish friends :-) . . 
  honestly , they think they pulled together , why ca n't other countries ? 
  and , hardly anyone i know think money sent down south is spent wisely . . 
  it probably is because it is n't . 
  . i mean , where would you invest in research you talked about ? 
  southern italy ? 
  or finland ? 
   also , i really admire the swedish model . 
  i really think we should go into that direction with our country . 
  do n't , do the belgian model instead , it will probably be better . 
  we have really high taxes etc. 
  i have understood however you have the two biggest problems for belgium is you debt/gdp and the fact that you are deeply divided as a country , so it will be interesting to see how you go about that . 
   breath to be able to get a decent stimulus plan ready . 
  to tackle the high unemployment . 
  to get the economy back on tracks . 
  i thought they already implemented rules that lowered saleries , pension and raised the pension age . 
  more of these rules are needed , but give them the time and space to do so . 
  suddenly cutting down half of the spendings wo n't help greece either . 
  spending what money ? 
  from whom ? 
  tax payers from where ? 
  you do know if they actually paid their taxes , they would n't even have a budget deficit ? 
  so , why ca n't they start paying then . 
  six out of 10 actually pay no taxes what so ever . 
  in sweden 8 out of 10 pay . 
  so i should work so the majority of greeks do n't have to pay ? 
  come back when 7 out of 10 pays , then i will begin to talk . 
  since , according to you they are willing to change and the eu cans oversee those things , it should n't be a problem at all . 
  you guys run along and fix that in a few years , and if you are right , i 'll apologise and pay up a bit late , if i am right , you will not have spent even more of my money than you already have to . 
  what can go wrong ? 
  ( apart from it 's a black hole of corruption that you want to throw my money in ) . 
  honestly , that is the best and democratic way to go about it - you spend your money , i keep mine and we are both happy.you did say that we would n't be forced . 
  oh , btw , they have lowered their pensions from 95 % ( they had the highest in the oecd and their retirement age is now raised to 65 ... we have 67 ) . 
  also , i have no idea where you get the idea of greece cutting down half of their spendings . 
  they have n't even made budget cuts of 1/10 . 
  sweden 's financial minister slammed them for that . 
  he said they should at least be able to reach 15 % over three year , which they did n't . 
  they essentially have n't made a lot of the things they promised they would do , but you want * my * money anyway . 
  not going to happen . 
   i do n't think we ant the southern countries to fall . 
  i do n't think we will benefit from unstable , anarchistic countries near our borders . 
  on the contrary . 
  it 's not impossible that militaristic dictators will rise fall , or go through hash times . 
  that is not the same you know , but yet you make them out to be . 
  oh , unemployment in spain does not equal wwiii . 
  i do n't think they will fall , but i do think it 's better for a country to go through financial hardship on their own and change their ways , like the baltic states did , like sweden , like finland . 
  in the end it was very beneficial for us with the financial crises ( when we received not a single cent from the eu , ) . 
  we learned that one ca n't overspend , borrow money like there is no tomorrow , the need for an independent central bank etc. 
  above all , people and politicians alike developed a fear of none balanced budgets , to much debt etc. 
  perhaps southern europe needs some of that . 
  throwing good money after bad is completely useless . 
   i do n't think it will just go so smoothly . 
  i think a lot of countries will fall once the eurozone fall . 
  belgium included . 
  maybe only germany will keep on standing . 
  i 'm not saying democracy will disappear in every ez country , but i do n't think every country will just go back to their old situation . 
  being happy . 
  holding hands with other countries . 
  there will be a lot of manifestations and even riots . 
  a lot of countries will lose a lot with the euro . 
  a lot of people , banks and companies too . 
  well , maybe you need it then , maybe we all need it . 
  do n't build your house on sand if you want it to stand . 
  in other words . 
  do n't borrow to much , do n't overspend , balance your budget , develop industries and be sensible . 
  if you are not doing that , there is no help for you or anyone else in the long run . 
  it will only prolong the agony if we keep handing over money . 
   i know .
