  and , honestly , if it is coming down to take the euro or leave the eu , i 'd rather leave , but i just do n't see why the euro 17 can fix their own broken stuff , without trying to superimpose taxes etc on us . 
  when we refuse we get accused of not being loyal . 
  why should i be loyal towards a currency i never believed in the first place ? 
  eu is not the same thing as the euro . 
  sweden has been a very loyal eu member , but i do not understand why we have to be loyal to something we never asked to be a part of . 
  i did that too , but got the same ( apart from that we are boring too :-) ) . 
  hmm , i think google remembers what you 've searched for before and adjust accordingly . 
  really ? 
  all i got was swedes are `` known for '' , `` weird '' and `` cold '' . 
  maybe i should have written swedish people or something . 
  swedes are apperently cold and weird . 
  actually , i do agree with that one . 
  who knew , google can be right . 
  for those of you who like crime , i 'd recommend [ \u00c5sa larsson ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%85sa_larsson ) and [ anna jansson ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anna_jansson ) . i am particularely fond of \u00c5sa larsson , and i guess her novels can be a bit exotic if you are from maninland europe , they take place in kiruna , northern sweden . 
  could he win , or is it just a way to get votes ? 
  no , what you stated needs years of study and knowledge of several european languages . 
  you seem to have knowledge of neither , looking at yor broad sweeping incorrect statements about european , russian , new zeeland and american press . 
  you started a discussion . 
  usually if you make statements in a discussion , you are are expected to back them up . 
  for example , if i say `` the ez countries are all communists '' - i am expected to back it up and/or people a ( rightfully ) going to say stuff like `` merkel is a conservative '' , `` cameron etc '' . 
  i ca n't just say ( like you do ) '' it 's just an opinion '' . 
  i 've made a statement you made an extremely broad statement about who is pro and against the euro/eu , but it 's not just an opinion , since you are claiming that european/german/british / russian press thinks this and that . 
  if you claim that - be prepared to back it up . 
  you were obviously not, 
  it is not a witch hunt to ask you to back up your statement which was very broad ( and incorrect ) . 
  i am glad you have edited your original statement and stopped speaking about europe when you mean the english media . 
  perhaps you could start with telling me what sort of newspapers they are since you seem to know what they are saying ? 
  you said the things below . 
  spiegel is not limited , nationalistic , populistic or the other things you claimed . 
  nor is svd , dagens industri , or other sources i have not problem mentioning or posting links too . 
  i doubt you speak dutch , swedish , etc so that you can claim the things you say ? 
  what does the italian and spanish sources say ? 
  you made an overall statement , and i expect you to back it up . 
  svd , dn and di are saying you should leave - are you saying they are populistic and nationalistic ? 
  i doubt you know what sort of papers they are.i can happily provide you with danish articles too . 
  please , i want you to back up your statement , since i have counterevidence . 
  how exactly are those magazines i mentioned populistic ? 
   90 % of the sources that are against the eu , against the euro and pro greece exiting the euro are 1 . 
  british ( they are anti-eu by popular opinion ) , 2 . 
  russians ( e.g. 
  russia today channel ) ( they are historically against powers that rival them ) , 3 . 
  limited centers in america , new zealand , asia etc. 
  ( they are the special minority of financial speculators ) . 
  the rest 10 % is a limited number of german nationalists and populists ( bild , focus etc. ), 
  and part of their population , and some other nationalist and protectionist centers , in a very limited fashion in the north of europe ( there is distinction between doomsayers ( exiting the euro etc. ), 
  and strict policy supporters , i do n't include the latter in this ) . 
  no , i can tell you that there are swedes who are against it too . 
  i have no idea were you get those ideas from . 
  have you read the ( english ) article in der spiegel that greece has to exist . 
  i 'll happily post articles in swedish and german ( and i am pretty sure i can dig up danish and norweigan too ) for you , but i suspect you ca n't read it . 
  anyway , claiming that they are all british or russian is wrong . 
   also , foreign aid is mostly in form of low interest loans . 
  no , not the swedish one at least . 
  we give about 1 % but you are right , at the moment at least among the swedes are 90 % against the euro . 
  personally , if i was forced into a financial union , i 'd rather do it with fellow scandinavian countries ( not that is planned , at all ) . 
  it has to do with trust , i assume . 
  if norway says something , they do it , and they have low corruption etc. 
  i ca n't say the same for greece unfortunately . 
  i also feel that we * are * transferring wealth through the eu and the imf ( which we have made extra payments to ) with regards to greece though , it does not seems like they have used it not for building up competetiveness , but for other things . 
  unfortunately , i do not trust the money to be put to good use , and i do not see an end of the transfers either . 
  it is not about sharing , nordic countries are among other things , the most generous about giving foreign aid , as a percentage of gdp . 
  it is about continous supporting a flawed system and countries who does n't want to reform . 
  as countvontroll pointed out , no one has minded aided the irish , who need temporary help ( or the baltic states ) . 
  signing up for endless flow of money from us to them is a completely different sort , particularely when they pay less taxes than we do , are corrupt etc. 
   constant bailout from the richer northern state i do n't want to do a constant bailout . 
  you do it if you like , but i am not agreeing to that . 
  particularely since they need to reform their retirement system , labour market and stop with the tax evasion and corruption ( some of them ) . 
  why should i pay for that ? 
  it 's not like they are children who do not know ? 
  they are adults , and bigger countries as well . 
  they know very well the effects of not reforming , not paying taxes etc. 
  oh , you are right , i can really see aftonbladet making a series about `` protecting the children '' , and next week making a follow up `` witchhunts on innocent people , what are the police doing '' . 
  god , i really , really detest jan helin and his likes . 
  i think they could dare letting go of * cartoons * . 
  true . 
  i can understand the prosecutors trying some laws ( for example drugs , what is a large amount etc ) but this . 
  if you know it 's bad , re-write it . 
  it is retarded , no one is denying that , and a waste of resources as well . 
  the reason they are doing it , is to try the law , something they do every now and then with laws , i am sure it 's the same in your countries . 
  personally , i think they should re-write the law , if it 's so badly written , not try it this way . 
  someone over at sweddit knows the man in question ( simon lundstr\u00f6m ) as well , and it has been really trying times for him apparently . 
  that is another reason i find this so very stupid , they are really messing up this mans life . 
  even if everyone knows it 's just manga , there will always be people who will connect him with childporn . 
  well , now we are at least two people saying it on the internet . 
  it must be true then . 
  jokes aside , i am sure i read it somewhere , just ca n't remember where . 
  would be fun to see if it was actually true . 
  maybe i should head over to askhistorians , they should know, 
  ok , thanks . 
  somehow i got the impression that she promised eu money , which suprised me a bit . 
  vague promises of `` growth '' sounds a lot more like a politican . 
  i know , but since they are eu funds , i do not see how merkel can promise those to greece , that was my question because : * she promise eu money to what is a ez problem . 
  * she ca n't tell the european parlament ( or whoever decides over the structural funds ) to just hand over money to the greeks , she is not in charge of the eu . 
  * it seems that nothing have changed for the better since the letter was written , so they still ca n't just hand over the money.the projects still need to work somehow . 
  can merkel , on behalf of the eurozone , promise access to * eu 's * structural and cohesion funds really ? 
  they do not belong to the eurozone . 
  hey , you guys started it :-) ( perhaps ) . 
  i do like arguments like on this level though , it livens up a bit . 
  `` call me paranoid , but i detect french fingerprints all over this proposal '' . 
  haha,
