  well , if you are trying to make it work , where is the plan , how are you going to deal with the banks , why are n't you giving us the numbers , when is greece going to be self sufficient etc etc ? 
  if you are dealing with it , why are you dealing with it in such an odd way ? 
  what is the reasoning behind that ? 
   i still think that just letting things slide , doing nothing will put us into a much worse position . 
  i am not taking about that ( although i think maybe both greece and some banks should default ) . 
  i think you are letting things slide when you demand nothing from southern europe or your politicians . 
  how are things ever going to improve , you have no plan , you keep on handing out money like there is no tomorrow and you certainly are not disclosing any figures or any plans . 
  who is letting things slide , you or me ? 
  i demand change , you do not . 
  so they are not using * any * money at all from the eu budget ( or imf ) - hmm , i am a bit suspicious of that , but if you say so , by all means . 
  as long as germany/france/the netherlands etc pays for everything i am fine . 
  however , our prime minister disagree , he has said that the eu asked for money for the * eurozone * crises ( i am swedish btw ) . 
  a ) you still have n't said what you are planning to do - what is your plan ? 
  b ) my plan * would * address the current situation , but to do that i need to know * how * bad it is . 
  for example : we estimate that greece needs 1000 billion $ over the next 10 years , but $ 200 of them are for the next 12 months , then we estimate 100/year or something like that . 
  then you discuss where you going to get the money from , and discuss with donors/lenders ( what they are doing now ) . 
  you also calculate how you are going to get a higher productivity in greece , what cuts , estimate when they can start paying back and about a hundred million things more you do that for each country , and each issue . 
  then you know ( roughly of course ) how much you need , and how you should get there . 
  also - you tell people the truth , something the eurozone has n't been doing . 
  now - you want us to just hand over money , no plan , no nothing.i 've asked you before , but i 'd like to know again - what is your plan ? 
  for how long , how much ? 
  h0w are you going to tackle corruption ? 
  instead , you are saying that people that do not hand over money , indefinately to the financial mess that is the eurozone at the moment is being egoistical ? 
  you are claiming that the banks are irresponisible , but at the same time you are without a plan , and you want us to hand over money without security/collateral , or even a plan - exactly why the banks and the eurozone are in this mess in the first place . 
  does n't that strike you as odd/hypocritical ? 
  yes , but the way we handled it is the opposite of the way the eurozone is handling the crises now , unfortunately ... much bigger problem than uk banks . 
  exactly , they might use eu money , and imf money . 
  then all the eu countries should be represented , i think ( and norway , since they are looking at norweigan oil funds ) . 
  if they do n't and pay for everything within the eurozone , not drawing from eu funds or something , then they can meet just among themselves . 
   we had to pay for the reunification germany , yes , but what about italy ? 
  greece ? 
  everyone has to balance budgets , not just northern europe . 
  and , for entering the eurozone for example the debt to gdp ration should be 60 % , which no country has ( maybe finland/the dutch , but certainly not belgium , greece ) etc. 
  i did give alternatives . 
  i think you should a ) disclose how much money the eurozone need , b ) sit down a make a financial plan . 
  when is greece going to be in black , how much do we cut portugals pensions etc. 
  disclose that plan . 
  then follow it . 
  c ) start balancing budgets d ) disclose all the information about the bank , and make laws/plans etc for it not to happen again . 
  e ) stop just handing over money without asking questions , etc f ) start paying off debt etc much more that can be done , but you are blaming the uk for what is essentially a complex european/world/eurozone problem . 
  what is your suggestions then - hand over money to merkozy , do n't argue ? 
  when are you planning to have greece back in black , and no more aid to italy ? 
  do you even have a plan ? 
   certainly not helping here is egoistic bickering and your attitude against the brits ? 
  and , as i said , i have nothing against helping out or solidarity , but i do n't like throwing money down a black hole . 
  i think , it should be common financial sense to tell someone a ) what you are going to do with the money b ) for how long you need it c ) how you are planning to / repay/climb out of debt . 
  i do not see that . 
  i think it is rude to call me egoistic , just because i just do not want to join in * your * version of financial planning , that frankly , to my mind seems very lacking , no structure or planning at all , just words , and throwing money ad hoc at problems when they show up, 
   as long as you belong to the richer , better-off countries in the eu . 
  well , maybe we are one off the richer better off countries * because * we are balancing our budget . 
  why do not other countries have to do this ? 
  i think ( and there is some research on that too , but i am to lazy to look ) , that if you just hand over money , without demands , forever , then you are not helping , you are actually contributing to the problem . 
  for how long has southern italy received money ? 
  greece ? 
  when do you think they should actually start paying taxes ? 
  what year ?? 
  what percentage ? 
  i think we are contributing to the corruption if we aid them - you do not ? 
  if germany wants to pay money , endlessly to southern europe , go ahead , but you should at least understand the sound fincial reasoning behind asking the question - where is our money going . 
  also , looking at the german debate , more than one german tax payer understand my reasoning . 
   personally , i do n't like the `` it 's our moneys !!, 
  ! 1 '' populism that much . 
  mostly because i see how much germany benefits from a common market ( just like all other countries do , btw ) , no matter how small the share for the average german is . 
  that is not an answer to the fact that the eurozone has no long term finacial plan , do n't disclose how much money they need , where there are going or anything . 
  do n't you think that they have to do that ? 
  you can still disclose both what you are doing , what you are planning to do and how much money that is needed . 
  are you saying that we should just hand over money , not ask questions . 
  i do not want to do that - why , if you are not corrupt , ca n't you disclose information ? 
  how come you do not have a plan ? 
  for me is sound financial reasoning to have a plan , and expect others to have one . 
  seriously , if germany think they do not need plans , disclosure or anything , i think you are waking down the wrong path , and i 'll fight to stay out of the eurozone . 
  also , again - you blame the eurozones problems on the uk - that is ludicrious . 
  the problems are much more complex than that . 
  second - you want money to the endless black hole that is the euro , no reassurance , no plan , no nothing , just a vague - `` you are rich , show some solidarity '' . 
  well , should n't it be better to give money to any country basically that can come up with a descent plan ( thailand/china/vietnam perhaps ) ) , i think it says a lot about the current state of the eurozone that they do n't have one . 
   the connection to the eu crisis is indirect . 
  -- showing that the uk is not paying its fair share anyway . 
  that might be true , although i am starting to wonder what a fair share is . 
  sweden has been contributing , netto , since , 1995 , when we joined . 
  i 'd like to know for how long we are going to pay ? 
  the uk is still not the cause of the eurozone crises though , do not blame it on them . 
   the plan seems to be to throw enough money at the problem to outbid the speculation until things calm down . 
  hopefully getting the money back from the institutions that caused the mess in the first place.do you have an alternative ? 
  this is what angers me , not at you specifically , but eurozone . 
  the plan * seems '' to be ? 
  * hopefully * !, 
  sweden had a deep financial crises in the 90 's and to get the markets trust back , we did crazy things like balancing our budgets , cutting down in the public sector , pay off debt etc. 
  above all , there was a long term agreement and a plan to be prudent , how quick to pay off debt etc * nothing * off that is seen in the current crises . 
  put all the cards on the table . 
  how much money and for how long - that is the real issue !? 
  what is the prognosis ? 
  what is italys debt going to be in five years ? 
  how are you changing bank laws for this not to happen . 
  what happens to someone who does n't balance budgets etc. 
  what the eurozone is doing right now is just putting out small fires , but not killing the underlying one . 
  one ad hoc solution after another . 
  i think it is really bad finacially . 
  no one know where they are going . 
  i also think it is arrogant and audacious to ask tax payer for money , but not to disclose the full content of the problem , not how you are going to solve it . 
  you serve the tax payers , they do not serve you .
