  we also voted against it as well , so it 's a big no , no no . 
  the current state of the eu and the eurozone is n't exactly endearing most of the swedes towards more integration . 
  i think you should ask r/travel , and/or the individual countries , which i guess in your case will be germany , france , uk and perhaps belgium and the netherlands ( luxemburg as well i suppose ) . 
  you are right , swedish journalists are probably less ironic , apart from them being idiots most of the time ... they are also * very * political correct , so if someone complained they would n't write it . 
  wow , that is a tough one . 
  explain climate change and what will happen in one post . 
  do n't know if i can do that , but i 'll tell you at least a few things about it . 
   i 'd rather focus on tangible things like recycling and protecting green spaces . 
  to me that says that you do care , you just do n't know what will happen or what we can do about it . 
  i mean , what trees and animals do you want to live in those green protected spaces - and , can you be sure that those spaces will be green ? 
  to be honest , no one can say truly for certain * how much * warmer the earth will become or * how much * the ecosystems will change - just that it will . 
  maybe that is why people get confused some of the time . 
  then it 's also a daunting , enormous task - it gives a lot of people angst to think about it , so one rather ignore it ( i know i feel that way sometimes ) . 
  forgive me , i looked through you history here at reddit and you seem to be from the uk , like to travel and football so i 've looked up some of the things that maybe will happen to the things that interest you well , about the uk . 
  it will get a bit warmer ( perhaps 3 degrees until 2050 ) , which might be cozy and nice , for a while at least . 
  * but * , some other things are not as nice . 
  more rain , and the same time the sea levels will rise , which means that more places will be flooded each year and particularely parts that are near the coast will be in deep trouble . 
  do n't buy a cottage near a flood , river , sea or anywhere it rains a lot which might also undermine the ground of course . 
  this is for northern england and scotland - southern england will have dryer summers which of course will means that they will have a water shortage . 
  there 's also the increased risk of diseases . 
  malaria used to exist in sweden until 19th century , and there 's no reason why it ca n't come back , particularely if it 's wet , mosquitos loves that . 
  also , west river virus , dengue fever etc. 
  i hardly have to mention that the fishes , animals , - your whole ecosystem is going to change as well . 
  some things will be lost forever . 
  if you like to travel , go to bangladesh now . 
  it will only get worse for them , so unless one loves floods and misery , do n't go later . 
  india is so big , so of course it will be affected differently , depending what part of the country we are talking about . 
  a lot of areas ( most of the world actually ) will be dryer , which affects the farmers of course . 
  the countries ( roughly speaking ) who gets wetter are the ones who does n't need it - sweden , russia , canada , norway , finland - the ones up there who already have enough . 
  what gets me personally though , is not the things above . 
  i can tell you a thousand bad things about the current climate change . 
  contracting malaria in 20 years , paying billions every year to re-locate people , changing what we eat in the future is hard to sort of get , at least for me . 
  what gets me is that when i step outside in the winter , to go cross country skiing , i am not sure that my ( non existing , perhaps future ) children will be able to do that , unless i move way up north . 
  when i was small , we could fish cod , pike , etc. 
  now i carefully tech my nephews how to throw them back , that is * if * we were to get one . 
  i do n't mourn the not eating part , i just do n't know for how long they will exists in the baltic sea . 
  ecosystems are fragile , and you ca n't play with them the way we do . 
  sure , maybe we can save some species , but we ca n't save the systems themselves if we go on that way . 
  millions of species , that are not fluffy and cute will be lost , forever , and they are as much a part of this planet as we are . 
  they ca n't be rebuilt once they are lost , and that is to me a tradgedy and a horrible thought . 
  maybe we all dream about our childhood summers , but the future generations childhood summers will be radically different , not because we as humans have move forward , but because we have destroyed/changed a lot of the ecosystems that make up this planet . 
  oh - and football will probably be the same :-) . 
  here ] ( http://www.ipcc.ch/publications_and_data/publications_and_data_reports.shtml#1 ) is a link to ipcc 's ( intergovernmental panel for climate change ) reports if you feel like educating yourself . 
  i really wish more people would take in what this means , in therms of how it affects the ecosystems and how it will affect our daily lives . 
  i know that it exists , but i honestly ca n't recall seeing it in the ft , economist or the likes , more in the daily mail . 
  i do not think our equialent would write something like that honstely . 
  anyway , it is counter productive - i read the article and because of the way they write about schr\u00f6der / chirac i really ca n't take the article seriously at all . 
  interesting , i did n't know that . 
  i suppose all countries have their journalistic crosses to bear . 
  i often find our journalists ( i 'm swedish ) very uneducated or have already decided what to write beforehand ( never mind about the facts ) , but i do n't think a financial paper would express themselves like that . 
  have they ? 
  i mean , i know daily mail and their likes have , but have the economist or the financial times done that ? 
  i ca n't recall reading it . 
  i know there 's a lot of frustration everywhere , but a normal financial paper in sweden ( where i am from ) would n't write like that in an article , hardly even among the columnists , although they can/should be a bit more opinionated . 
  is it normal for them to write like that ? 
  to me it is a really strange way of writing for a `` normal paper '' , i just figured it was some sort of extremist newspaper in some form . 
  they have actually , but they usually stay a bit in the background , and i suppose our royal family has n't really been targets for anything . 
  we did wonder about the bathroom incident though , someone should have stopped j. 
  if you are at the same party as they are you can see the security standing/sitting somewhere in the same room , or if they are at a restaurant , at a table nearby . 
  once at a dinner i had one of the king 's security guards seated next to me actually . 
  so the incident with my mother is n't really surprising , they were nearby . 
  i also suspect that well dressed women in their 60 's at art exhibitions are n't seen as a top security threat :-) . 
  what sort of magazine is this ? 
  they describe gerhard schr\u00f6der and chirac as `` an evil duo '' . 
  i mean , one might not like them or their politics , but `` an evil duo '' . 
  they were hardly hitler/goebbels stalin/beria or something similar . 
  if schr\u00f6der was evil i 'd * really * like this newspapers take on berlusconi , blair etc. 
  the title is wrong - juncker is talking about the other * eurozone * countries . 
  i am honestly getting tired of people not understanding the difference . 
  eurozone - countries with euros . 
  eu , countries in the eu - not all of them have the euro , for example britain , sweden , denmark . 
  17 countries have the euro , 27 are in the eu/swede, 
  perhaps this means than i am a monarchist , or just a fuck up - i do n't know . 
  anyway , when i read the title i interpreted it as `` when you 've fucked up in front of the royals '' and i immediately started to think of my mother ( whos is * really * bad with faces ) who half grabbed someone 's wrist , and asked about the time at this exhibition she was invited to . 
  carl xvi gustaf of sweden looked a bit surprised and then dutifully gave her the time ... oh , and my my friend j - he was at this castle ( his uncle 's ) and everyone was standing in line ( after the four hour dinner ) to go to the bathroom . 
  he thought that was unecessary , and ran to the bathroom on the second floor - he opened the door and the king said '' busy guys '' ( h\u00e4r \u00e4r upptaget grabbar ) . 
  personally , i am really not good at balancing wine and i have spilled some on madeleine , she never complained though . 
  it was white , perhaps that 's an advantage . 
  probably true . 
  i suppose we are the most anal among nordic countries :-), 
   drinking and driving is socially unacceptable in the uk , well most of it anyway , it 's slightly more common in some rural areas i suppose . 
  true in sweden as well . 
  you do not drink and drive - it is not ok .   the roads in the uk are extremely busy but well planned , well sign posted and the driving test is regarded as rigorous . 
  we have well planed road as well , but so does the rest of the nordic countries . 
  what is different for us , is that a ) one of the biggest fears are elks ( and they do kill people every year b ) you are alone on the road i suppose it comes down to an attitude . 
  someone else mentioned we are careful , maybe it come downs to that - whenever i 've been driving in the uk i feel safe ( apart from the other side of the road thing , which makes me panic every now and then ) , not the case in a lot of other countries . 
  well , it 's per 100 000 people , not absolute numbers , that is why i asked . 
  also , i expect that those of us who live in the countryside have to drive more . 
  although , you do have a point , i suppose there is not that much you can bump into in the countryside , although elks and other animals actually kills a few people/year . 
  it would be very interesting to see how many were killed/per miles driven . 
  we are the lowest in europe ( sweden ) . 
  i wonder what we are doing different than the norweigans/danes/finns / the uk and other countries that are close . 
  maybe it 's because drivers license are so expensive that no one can actually drive if you are young . 
  here it 's not really ok to drink and drive . 
  europe , is it ok to drink and drive in your country ( socially i mean ) ? 
  i was just going to say that . 
  my country is a troll penis :-) . 
  kudos anyway to whoever made the map to paint us in the style of the wonderful trolls of [ john bauer ] ( http://eltroldesdesucaverna.com/admon/ckfinder/userfiles/images/john_bauer_1915.jpg ) . 
  the odd thing is though that i have never ever thought of their noses as penises , now i will forever do that . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.gamla-stan-stockholm.se/gamla-stan-julmarknad.php ) , although i 'd say that the german christmas markets beats us by miles .
