  if you actually start going after people , things might change . 
  how on earth does that give them immunity ? 
  can someone be given immunity ? 
  we only have one person with immunity in sweden ( my country ) and that is our king . 
  why are n't the prosecutors doing their job ? 
  fire them then if they do n't prosecute . 
  or , if the laws does n't allow if , lower the wages and slowly make them redundant . 
  must be tons of law students waiting in line . 
  why do n't they put their foot down ? 
  i think it would also portrait greece favourably in the media if they actually started doing something like that . 
  from what i understood from the article , they only had to pay back . 
  why are n't they thrown in jail , for several years . 
  this is blatantly fraud . 
  what one possibly could do is allowing people , who report themselves and their family for pension fraud , to get away only with fines and paying back , no jail . 
  i do not understand why people who cheat do not punished in greece ? 
  they have example after example of people who openly cheat , but i never hear about them thrown in jail . 
  do you know what the male/female rate is on reddit ? 
  what is an insult then ? 
  to some people nudity is insulting , or bikinis/bathing suits or a picture of muhammed not to mention a picture of muhammed as a dog . 
  i might find a lot of religions insulting , since a lot of them ( and their followers ) have very strange opinions of women 's place in society ( just to mention one thing ) . 
  are you going to forbid religion and nudity/bikinis , muhammed pictures , jesus painted as a gay guy etc. 
  freedom of speach does not end where some feels insulted , or even when someone gets insulted , that is subjective and different for each person . 
  freedom of speach means allowing it , * even when * you feel insulted , think it 's irrelevant and stupid , and just plain wrong . 
  we 've ( sweden ) has had it for ages . 
  i wonder if that is the reason we hardly ever have salmonella , it 's always from imported stuff . 
  what we are doing wrong is a ) subsidising to much ( half the budget , where i think a lot more should be aimed towards research etc ) b ) do n't support sustainable / `` humane '' practises . 
  it 's been annoying as a swede who has had this since the 90 's to hear farmers complain . 
  if the swedes and the swiss can do it ( maybe the norweigans too ) , why ca n't the rest of europe ? 
  the farmers seems to always complain , but you 've had a lot of time . 
  c ) probably more things that i ca n't think of right now . 
  as you said , the market will adapt . 
   you 're mixing things up . 
  the ecb lendings are in euro , so sweden is not paying any of that , for example . 
  yes we are . 
  as i said , technically we are giving the money to the imf rescue fund for the euro countries ( or down the drain as i call it ) , but that resuce fund is counted on when the eurozone decides how much money to give in their bailouts.imf contributes to them . 
  it is earmarked for eurocountries , and i do not believe they mean finland and austria :-) . 
  we have also given money straight to other countries , for example ireland , latvia ( not the eurofailure ) etc. 
   about saving bad banks , also i should point out that many countries threw billions of public money into failing banks , but italy did n't . 
  i have never mentioned banks , and i know that . 
  besides , i think if banks are bad , they should fail just like other companies.i do n't want to save german and french banks . 
  sweden threw billions into banks too , in the 90 's , but that was actually a text book case of a good save , so it * can * be done reasonably , i just do n't think the eurozone are acting that way . 
   i 'm describing the feeling in italy right now and you 're counter-argumenting with past events and partial information ( for example , berlusconi 's charges were n't dropped , they expired ( and this is another problem , but not what you 're hinting at ) ) . 
  i am not arguing against what you are * feeling * but that is just it . 
  you are * feeling * it , but i have n't seen any real changes yet . 
  if you do n't think my arguments are valid , you must also understand that arguments that are based on your feelings are n't exactly solid facts either . 
  the reason i bring up past events is that the past brought you to where you are today and i think it 's a tad naive to believe that everything will change now - one just ca n't ignore the past and the deep seated corruption . 
  to convince me perhaps you can tell me how you are going to change - what are the plans then . 
  how are they laid out ? 
  what year is southern italy going to be on par with norhtern italy ? 
  are you going to bring all tax evaders to justice and exactly how are you going to reform the bureacracy ? 
  for a rational northerner like me , seeing those plans , people brought to justice etc , that would give much more impact than what you are feeling , however heartfelt and honest . 
   i 'm trying to understand what your point is . 
  not wanting to increase unity with countries like italy . 
  that i understand , it 's a completely legit opinion , but it 's not like i 'm trying to force it on you . 
  i 'm simply pointing out that many of the arguments you 're using to support that opinion are based on wrong information and assumptions . 
  there are many arguments to support your opinion and some of them are summarizable with `` i do n't want to support lazy people/countries '' , but you 're using bad facts  i have never said lazy , you said that . 
  i said you should retire the same age and pay as much taxes as we do , which i do not think is unreasonable , do you ? 
  i do admit to hating corruption and not wanting to aid that though , and it irks me that we support countries where it 's basically integrated into the economy/society . 
  the point is ( apart from the fact that you started to message me , and i * was * , in the beginning , describing several reasons why i would n't want to be in a federal union with several of the eu countries ) that i believe you are too optimistic and i do not believe italy is changing ( not that being optimistic is a fault , it 's an admirable trait ) . 
  i am pointing out negative and historical things , as to prove my point and to why we should n't contribute any money until we actually see things changing for the better . 
  that is for example why i bring up the shadow economy , the tax evasion and corruption . 
  as long as they are increasing or staying the same , i do n't see why we should aid . 
  i understand that you are not trying to force unity on me either , but i have to admit that i almost laugh a little when i see the wild arguments and counterarguments going on in this thread and think to myself `` someone wants to unite this - good luck '' if i am wrong - wonderful , that is one of the cases i would be happy to be . 
  it would be great for italy , europe and the world if you could turn those things around , for real . 
  i am just more pessimistic , but perhaps ten years from now you can prove me wrong . 
  and , some of the reasons i do not want to join in a federation are as i 've said before , but i think i , as a lot of swedes am a swede first and a european second . 
  if we were to join anything , it would be with our nordic neighbours , and they seem to be feeling the same . 
  perhaps it 's the same down south , spanish people prefer portugal to poland , quite understandably.what do italians think , and why ? 
   i do n't think you 're up-to-date with italian politics : last time berlusconi was elected was 4 years ago : he 's not the current pm and his party is acting less dependently on him four years is short , since i was drawing a time linesince the 2nd world war . 
  i also do not believe that you change the mind of a people in four years . 
  also , berlusconi was * forced * to step down by the eu , not by the italian people . 
  if you want change , why have you elected him ? 
  again and again . 
   you are right when saying that we have high level of corruption ( which increased after ww2 ) , but our current problem is not corruption per se but rather the internalization of mafia like business pratice in politics . 
  it 's not that the mafias are corruptiong the politicians : mafia is becoming the politicians . 
  this is somehow worse but also raises the awareness of the population . 
  the reaction is slow , but i assure you the recent crisis woke up a considerable part of the population . 
  good - then we will see considerably changes soon i assume and then we can talk . 
  i just read that the corruption charges against berlusconi was dropped , and i have a hard time believing you but sometimes it would be lovely to be wrong . 
   we have high level of taxation . 
  42.6 % of gdp vs sweden 's 47.9 ( 2009 data , now we have higher vat ) . 
  that is collected taxes , which excludes shadow economy . 
  high taxes is only one part of the equation . 
  the relevant part is how you spend the collected tax money . 
  italy historically spent it quite unwisely . 
  yes , we are taxed more , and we retire later . 
  i just do n't see why we should pay to anyone as long as we are on a higher level , or retire later . 
  also , if you spend it unwisely , then start spending it wisely then . 
  also , you do not collect your taxes as much as we do . 
  from what i 've understood it 's well know that you have an ineffective and corrupt bureacracy , but no one seem to have wanted to change that - ever . 
  the fact that southern italy do n't pay taxes is well known even here , and exactly how are you going to make that change this time ? 
  * and * - how are you going to tear down the shadow economy !, 
  if you start taxing them , you definately do not need any aid , you 'll be super rich . 
  so why is n't and has n't this happened before , italy has been in crises before . 
  you must forgive me , i do not believe the changes you are referring to , until i see it , particularely with the growing shadow economies . 
   last but not least , italy was , as 2009 , a net contributor to the eu , which means we paid for being an eu member more than sweden ( 100eu per capita vs 44 ) that is true , and somewhat redeeming , but unfortunately the billions of euros just being spent to aid the failing eurocountries ( which my government stupidly enough has decided to aid , their most recent giveaway was 100 billion which to me is throwing good money after bad ) and it dwarfs any of that . 
  the eu budgets are fairly small actually , but the billions being pumped into helping failing economies are not . 
  your reforms are long overdue , but you have not done them , which is * one * of the reasons you are in a crises . 
   you assume eu paid for southern italy , but that 's not really true : while inner italian funding of the south is generally unchecked ( and thus abused ) , access to eu funds requires accountability . 
  it 's quite common to hear from local southern italy politicians `` we have n't been able to use eu funds that were reserved for us '' .
