  particularely if one compares us the latest rifts/debates that has been going on in europe . 
  i can understand the need for integration to be competetive , but it 's difficult to integrate very different cultures . 
  i think a lot of us feel that we have a lot in common , at least if we compare it to other countries . 
  i do n't want a new state , but i do support nordic integration . 
  i sort of like the 2nd kalmar union too , ( sweden ) , at least when i see the alternative 's . 
  feels like we have a lot in common ... 
  i can blame them , and i am not even german . 
  one can strongly disagree , dislike , oppose etc without being extremely tasteless , burning flags etc. 
  comparing the germans of today , merkele , or just about anyone with hitler , showing the swaztika , nazis , the gas chambers etc is extremely tasteless , and also tells me that the ones who does that ( i do understand that it 's not all the greeks ) do not take any responsibility for their own countrys part of the situation they are in . 
  it 's classless , tasteless and not even funny . 
  oppose the austerity measure 's all you want , but this is vulgar . 
  i can understand that . 
  i can say the same and i am swedish . 
  however , surstr\u00f6mming is not the essence of scandianvian cooking , it 's one ( in - ) famous dish . 
  i mean , i 'm swedish and used to scandinavian cooking , but perhaps our food has n't really been seen/eaten outside of scandinavia before . 
  like every kitchen , it has it 's ups and down . 
  some of it is good and healthy , some of it is not ... . perhaps it 's just the fact that there has n't really been * any * restaurants outside scandinavia before , people are a bit curious . 
  i know i get interested if i see a restaurant with food i have no clue about `` oh , a peruvian restaurant . 
  let 's try it out '' . 
  for the european union or for the eurozone ? 
   you can be an eu member and have another currency . 
  you can not be an eu member and quit the euro . 
  you would have to not allow money to cross the border for the transition in order to even make a transition possible . 
  an eu country quite simply can not close its borders to the rest of europe and still be an eu country . 
  you can , it might not be covered in the treaty and an disorderly default , but i think emergency laws would cover that . 
  a country can * always * close it 's borders in real dire emergencys , like a terror attack , and i can imagine the threat of a state actually disintegrating , looting , riots , vandalism , violence etc and everything that would happen is reason enough to call in emergency laws . 
  i also think a lot of the voters/taxpayers in the countries that are constantly being asked to bail out other countries are getting tired enough not to care anymore if it 's legal or not , they just do n't want to pay more . 
  hell , half the politicians are going out saying that greece has to quit , i 'm sure they can find a loophole . 
   any sort of deviation from the use of the euro would require gross violations of being an eu member state . 
  why ca n't you be an eu member state and have another currency ? 
  a lot of countries are doing just that . 
   the rest of europe has enough money to cover the default . 
  also , why should the rest of * europe * pay for a * eurozone * default ? 
  ok , i am a tea drinker so i just took what it costs at the local caf\u00e9 . 
  i do n't know what institution you are at , but from the automat it costs 10 sek ( in stockholm ) . 
  3 sek is cheap !, 
  sweden here . 
  we do n't really go for an espresso , we tend to drink a cup of coffe instead ( although you can get your espresso , do n't fear caffeine addicted tourists ) . 
  i guess it costs anything between 15-20 sek or $ 1,7-2 . 
  exactly , there might be a lot of reason - which i find interesting ( and than you for trying to answer me ) , but not a single one of them was answered by the documentary . 
   `` in 2009 , greece 's labor productivity was 98 % that of the eu average , [ 95 ] but its productivity-per-hour-worked was 74 % that the eurozone average . '', 
  i find this really interesting - do you have the source ? 
  and i have n't said that they do n't work , i just wonder what they do at work , since they do n't seem to produce a lot . 
  also , 700 000 government employees , who , according to the oecd , barely manages a functioning state . 
  what do they do at work ? 
  and why have n't anyone done anything . 
  why are people protesting them being fired btw , they are incompetent . 
  also , antother thing i find interesting is that of total hours worked during their lifetime , greece is really low . 
  is that because they have ( up to now ) retired really early ? 
  do you know . 
  that affects the productivity as well i imagine , skilled workers leaving early . 
   maybe the climate is much rougher , or maybe the mindset of the greek peasant has n't moved out of the 1950 's . 
  i do n't see why the climate is worse than other countries , but what i do think that there has n't been a call for reforms , why i do not know . 
  thank you , i forgot shipping . 
  but one need more than that . 
  i mean , why have n't other competitives industustries been build up ? 
  why is the productivity so low ? 
  i do n't know how they can refuse to fix this , tolerate corruption , and then ask for * more * money . 
  you do n't need more money if you just fix what is broken . 
  only 4,5 ? 
  i think it 's more , that 's only what they discover or ca n't avoid showing us . 
  i 've been shown this slide ( or something similar ) during a genetics lecture and i found it rather interesting . 
  if i recall correctly , the professor talked about some disease ( i do n't think it was the plague ) that at some point had hit northern europe/russia really hard , which one can see in the slide . 
  does anyone know what disease it was , or is it unknown ? 
  well , to each their own i presume , but i do not think she answered the question . 
  the question was `` what is wrong with the greeks '' / what is the problem with the greeks ( in swedish , which i watched it in ) . 
  what you are describing is ( apart from the might be interesting on a personal level ) what is * troubling * the greeks , what the problems are , but not what the problem * with * them is . 
  for example , the documentary , could have answered at least some of questions i have , just from the top of my head . 
  * why are n't they paying taxes * why have they accepted , for years and years , an enormous , ineffective sector . 
  they are educated , why ? 
  * why have they accepted the budget deficits and the borrowing , since , well , forever * why is greece so corrupt . 
  * why did they build up a pension system that was one of the most generous in europe ( retiering way earlier , with more salary ) ? 
  do n't anyone in greece know basic math ? 
  it 's no way it was sustainable ? 
  * why have n't they done or protested before ? 
  * why are they protesting things that the rest of europe have ? 
  i mean , we have been paying property taxes for decades , have a retirement age of 67 , a higher vat etc ? 
  should n't it be fair to at least be on the same level ? 
  * why is the production so low ? 
  * why do n't they have a lot of industries ? 
  this are just some questions , and i am sure they are interconnected . 
  i do n't mean that they are simple , but she did n't even attempt to answer most of them , instead she told us what problems they are having . 
  i am not denying that , but that was not the title of the documentary . 
  then it should have been - `` how the greeks are suffering '' or something like that . 
  interesting perhaps , but not informative in the way the title is implying, 
  yes , they got really lucky did n't they ... . 
  i did n't like it , it was melodramatic and i still do n't think she answered anything . 
   productivity is low because of the huge government sector where people get jobs through connections , and it 's considered a dream job because all day you drink coffee . 
  this is the image that 's being projected to the rest of the eu and it is actually the truth . 
  the problem is the other half of the population works 12 hours a day to support themselves , the government people , and also to pay the debt . 
  i think this is * one * of the answers , but a ) other countries have huge government sectors too , and they do n't have this kind of problem , so why did the government sectors greeks that you mentioned , then turn out to be lazy and corrupt . 
  what society accepts that , it 's ineffective and a huge burden , not to mention corrupt ? 
  why just starting to complain now , around 2009-2010 , why not earlier ? 
  it is also very ineffective , to the point that it 's barely a functioning state . 
  why did n't they change that before , one need a properly working public sector to function , and the greeks are educated , they should know that . 
  b ) productivity is low in other industries too , who are not owned by the government . 
  why ? 
  the fact is that greece , compared to other countries do n't have a lot of industries ( apart from tourism ) . 
  why ? 
  you have educated people , what do they do ?
