  a package of frozen sliced reindeer meat . 
  lingonberries onion cream mushrooms ( preferrably chantarelles , but normal champignons will do ) fry it all up ( in butter/oil mix ) , start with the onion and mushroom , remove them and fry the reindeer meat , add all toghether again and add water a cream , let it simmer on the stove for about 10 minutes and before you serve it with potatoes ( boiled or mashed ) add lingonberries to the pan . 
  it is usually serve it with lingonberries on the side too ( as far as i know it 's only my family that have liongonberries in the pan as well , it makes it a bit more sour , we like that ) i have to go to iceland ... 
  that is expensive . 
  deer/elk/roe / wild boar/bear is expensive here too if you buy them in the store , but a lot of people hunt here , so most people get it like i do , throught friends/family . 
  i suppose also people are n't used to eat reindeer ( quite natural actually ) in the uk , so they do n't ask for it . 
  if i buy renskav , slices of reindeer meat to make sauteed reindeer [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saut%c3%a9ed_reindeer ) it cost me around $ 3-4 to make enough for 2-3 people . 
  i think that is fair , it is a rather common dish actually . 
  perhaps they could import it , no custom within the eu . 
  i buy `` renskav '' , slices of reindeer meat , a rather common dish for around $ 3,5 , i think that is decent , is it enough for 2-3 people . 
  it is a bit similar to venison ( if you by that mean deer or roe deer ) , but leaner and a bit `` sharper '' in taste . 
  the northern cousin of elk sort of , if you 've ever had it . 
  it is rather cheap actually and i do n't see really why you do n't have it , it is very eco friendly and healthy ( i am swedis btw ) . 
  no , you can not compare child labour with taxation - that is just weird . 
  there are successfull and non successfull taxes , depending on a million of reasons . 
  not all taxes are good , not all are bad , most are in between . 
  just starting to compare it to slavery or child labour who is always wrong , and really has no base in this discussion and very little to do with the ftt/euro i answered you extensively in another post , and i think we will stick to that , this is to much of a weird side - track to me , particularely when i started to look up the numbers on slavery ... ... 
  ** so , if you believe that c will happen , why are you arguing for the ftt ? 
  ** do you really think that the eurozone ( do not say europe , or even the eu , do not include us in your schemes , is so powerful at the moment , that they can blackmail them the rest of the free world ? 
  for a controversial tax ? 
  you said * europe * . 
  the rest of the world have access to the market - sweden , uk and other countries are not in the ftt/eurozone . 
  you are always talking like the eurozone is europe/eu . 
  it is not !!!!, 
  and , for your information - sweden is against it on a scale that it would take a military coup to get us to join , and the uk too so , if you want us with you , you will have to blackmail or invade us - how do that goes with your democratic ideal . 
  let me remind you about the quote i said before : they who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety , deserve neither liberty nor safety ? 
  we will say no , so there will only be c , unless you take our liberty from us . 
  and then you deserve none yourself !, 
   if a tax like this is the only thing standing between the continuation of the current system and financial ruin , of course it is n't . 
  it is very naive to think one tax , or one move can save ( or ruin for that matter ) economies . 
  there are a hundred other moves the eurozone could make , from saving banks differently ( and actually letting some of them fail ) , to reforming pensions systems , increasing efficiency , stopping corruption etc. 
  even if the ftt tax was implemented and worked perfectly , it can not save the eurozone , the problems are to big . 
   europe can not only blackmail them by denying them access to its markets but it can also make a pretty good argument that if they do n't play along the world 's economy will go to the gutter . 
  that 's a convincing argument is n't it ? 
  no , it is n't , it is one of the worst i have seen . 
  a free market need to have market failures to work . 
  you are once again mixing up eurozone and europe , but this time with the world . 
  if you are reading papers like wall street journal , financial times or just following the general debate you will know that most politicians and influential finance guys/economists ( even if you do n't listen , other people do ) outside the eurozone is saying the euro is dead and it is finacially unsound to save it . 
  so , what you essentially have is a lot of failed economies who are globally very small ( greece , portugal ) some small ones who will do excellent on their own ( austria , finland etc ) and 2 big ones ( germany and france ) who will struggle , but survive on their own . 
  the only two countries really important to the world economy is germany/france . 
  and you are suggesting that these to , without the backup from uk will blackmail the rest of the world !, 
  you are honestly beyone naive and ca n't even know the basic of size of other economies . 
  this is not 1960 . 
  the worlds biggest economies are n't even in europe . 
  china is growing with a bloody spain size economy/year . 
  india is over a billion people . 
  * we * are begging them to let * us * into their market . 
  yes , there will be a recession , we are already in one , with or without the euro . 
  and yes , it is possible , but financially unsound to save it , but it will cost an arm , leg , head , and your grandchildrens souls . 
  do not believe the rest of the world will fall for that , it is a german/french vanity project , and the rest of the eurozone are just to deep in the shit or need the help to much . 
  if you do want to save it though , you have to be smart . 
  believe me , implementing the ftt is one of the most unsmart things you can do , and it will lessen the worlds confidence even more in you . 
  the market do not think like you do , they think like i do , which all the articles i send you showed . 
  does n't matter if you like them or not , the market listens to people like that more than to you . 
  i am swedish , and i do n't think you have to do good all the time , in fact , i wonder why you put up with other countries idiotic behaviour a lot . 
  nor do i think everything is your fault . 
  so , i think the feeling that you have to do good , pay for everyone else etc comes from germany itself . 
  i have no clue why you do it , i do n't even think it is very finacially sound in the long run . 
  so why do you ? 
  well , then , that is a lot of hope and absolutely not realistic view and you have n't been able to back it up theoretically . 
  you know it has n't happend ever , in world history , that a tax like this has been implemented . 
  and , as for your analogy with the slave trade , you do know there are over 100 million slaves alive today , right now - and i 'll happily provide links for that too . 
  so , it has n't stopped . 
   no , the bankers will bail , that much is obvious so , if you agree with me that they will bail , do you understand that it is the banks and the financial instititutions that do a lot of the financial trade . 
  so , if they bail , paris/frankfurt etc will loose trade and money - are we agreeing on that ? 
  please , tell me how you are going to get all the countries in the world to join in , you are arguing for a tax based on a unrealistic world view . 
  what is the bait you are going to use on china ? 
  how are you going to convince a republican senate ? 
  you said it was logic , and personal experience . 
  what sort of personal experience do you have of the world where they have ever agreed on something like this ? 
  we ca n't even agree on standards , pirating , health issues , and you want the world to agree on an extremely controversial tax , to help european economies who has messed up ? 
  again , when did you have an experience where this happend ? 
  well , the fact that economics is a social science and thus not a `` trustworthy '' as the social sciences does n't mean that they are always wrong . 
  there are not even different schools on the ftt as far as i know , everyone just thinks is a bad idea ( ok , almost everyone ) . 
  honestly , i do not understand even your personal experience and logical reasoning . 
  are you saying that if a trader can make $ one million more a month/year/day by sitting in london and * not * paying the tax , while working for example bank of america , he will , out of the goodness of his heart , stay in paris . 
  do you really believe that ? 
  it did n't even took a year , and stockholm lost 99 % of that trade . 
  do you think international banks , if they have a chance to avoid millions in taxes will base their trading department in frankfurt instead of new york , z\u00fcrich or london , just to be nice . 
  if that is your personal expericence , you have never worked for a company that wanted to make money or you have never met a person who wants to make money . 
  i 'd move , if a make several million $ in the process . 
  you would n't ? 
  where did you grow up , if your personal experience is that companies do not want to make money ? 
   no one is supposed to be forcing anyone . 
  all your country needs to do is stay out of the agreements and the ftt wo n't be implemented in its territory . 
  i do n't really get why you 're correlating a joint decision of a set of countries to enact a common tax as a loss of freedom . 
  no one is supposed to ... ... and no one is suppose to cheat and be corrupt with eu money , lie to get into the euro etc either , but that has n't stopped a lot of countries . 
  everyone is supposed to pull their own weight too , but most do n't . 
  so when you say `` no one is supposed to '' , i believe in that as much about as much as i believe in berlosconis honesty and good heart ( although i believe you , naurgul is honest , but you are most likely not merkel/sarkozy or another prominent eu person ) . 
  the eurozone will bully other countries ecause you will need other countries to join up , or the trade will move , and ther will be huge financial losses . 
  the implementation of similar taxes shows that , and basically every theory supports it . 
  thus , you will need to put pressure on countries to make them implement the tax . 
  what is `` the diplomacy '' that you are going to get china aboard about then ? 
  how are you going to get a possible republican president ( us ) and a republican senate to vote yes . 
  by not putting pressure on those countries ? 
  asking them to loose money and implement umpopular taxes to cover for bad european economics ? 
  i 'd really really like you to show me how it has been done before , or just the theory/reasoning behind how you are going to convince china and the us , i am longing for those articles actually , and i am not being ironic , i think it would be a very interesting read . 
  or are you saying that if you implement the tax the trade will not move , even if the traders can earn more money if they do their deals in london or stockholm . 
  is that what you are saying ? 
  in my mind you seem to be saying one of these two things , perhaps you could enlighten me to which one .
