   but others tend to compare it to how the situation in greece would be , had there been no bailouts at all . 
  each side focuses on the measures that they have been taking , and that the other did n't . 
  i think your whole comment was very good . 
  i 'd like to add that in addition to imagining greece without the bailout money , i think of greece before the crises as a house without foundation , built on sand . 
  they had higher wages , pensions , everything , than they should have if you actually look at the greek output , how much taxes they collect etc. 
  so , they compare to something that never should have been , really . 
  which is of course is bad for them , for now the prices are in euro . 
  i think that statement from syriza 's policy spokesman is very damaging . 
  igreat move , blackmail the ez ... 
  the ez just ca n't allow greece to blackmail them - at least i hope so . 
  i also think there 's a real chance of a grexit , as anders borg said , it 's the end of the road really . 
  this might be very much an inaccurate historical anecdote , but i wonder if anyone know if this is true : i 've heard that in 187x , when countries were trying to synochronize their measurements , both france and enland wanted the prime meridian . 
  the deal was that if france refrained from voting against ( and coming with a prime meridian of their own ) the english would adopt the metric system . 
  the joke is that the english of course , after getting the greenwich meridian , never adopted the metric system . 
  i ca n't remember where i read it . 
  does anyone know if it 's true ? 
  edit : found it !, 
  apparently it is true . 
  you english , you should have done this one and half century ago - no use complaining now . 
  you cheated , i thought you were all about fair play . 
  [ link ] ( http://wwp.greenwichmeantime.com/info/prime-meridian.htm ) . 
  [ another link ] ( http://www.bipm.org/cc/cctf/allowed/18/cctf_09-32_noteutc.pdf ) - page 1, 
  hopefully he can switch to another , less strenious work . 
  for example , he could train new ambulance drivers , could work in the er as a nurse/aid - there are a lot of places in a modern society that needs people with medical knowledge etc. 
  since i assume he is working for the government i assume this has happened to people beforehand . 
  i know firemen in sweden does that a bit , since they have to be very typically fit or , they take over more bureacratic duties , unfortunately a favourite past time of any swedish authority . 
  greece had exactly what you said , earlier retirement etc. 
  in the end i think it was more than 600 jobs that could retire earlier , an impossible number . 
  what about pre - school teachers , hairdressers , waiters , farmers , guards , police officers , military etc. ... ... 
  but , i think it 's up to each country , as long as they pay for it themselves . 
  i just think it will not last , and then the a ) will face financial problem b ) face political problems due to promising more than they can give and people do n't like to have their pensions cut , or work longer c ) possibly ask the eu for money . 
  i do n't really care about a or b , although it 's stupid to have a non sustainable system , but i do care for c : if one gives too generous pensions , and then need money for support , then i do not think one should receive it . 
  no i know , but it 's still an enormous sum for a country slightly bigger than our . 
  staggering numbers . 
  i believe the last bailout package was $ 130 billion . 
  what he keeps saying though ( and i tend to believe him ) was that the greeks have n't even implemented a lot of the austerity measures anyway . \u00a8, 
  i know , i think it 's so weird as well . 
  our finance minister just said that one ca n't stay in the euro if one does that . 
  not that we decide , but it was a good interview . 
  he also said that their politicians had a to realize that they ca n't promise stuff , like in normal elections :-) . 
  btw - just the last month greece has received $ 100 billion . 
  that is a lot of money . 
  because the pensions have to be financed , byt the workforce in each country . 
  so , as in the case of sweden , we have 67 , talking about 70 , and although we * have * reformed our system , we are thinking about how to make it sustainable , i am not sure it is . 
  and , 63 is to early , at least for sweden and we have one of the more reformed retirement systems . 
  so , i do not want to finance anyone else , who has built up a system that is not sustainable , or pay for some other countries pensions . 
  i am stunned by how france can want to go back to 60 , i do n't think that will last , and i am certainly not transferring money to other countries who has n't reformed their retirement system . 
  in other words , to have a common retirement system , we need a common financial system , common taxes , be able to vote for it , i guess , well , to be a much tighter union to be honest . 
  maybe the ez is aiming for that in the long run , but i am rather glad that i am out of that , and not responsible for the eurozones pensions . 
  is n't that just for a few years or something ? 
  my aunt seem to be complaining about that the whole time . 
  a ) when the `` legal '' official retirement is 65 , but for example , 50 % receive their pensions earlier due to packages , special deals etc , then the `` effective retirement is earlier . 
  for example , if all the government employees in sweden were to retire at 60 , but the rest had to work until 67 , that would give a * real * retirement age below 67 , since many people would n't work until that age . 
  more now i assume , they 've raised the retirement age to 67 ( although some can still retire at 65 i 've heard ) . 
  i think greece raised it , to 65 . 
  we have raised it as well , we have 67 now . 
  i also find countries that have large gaps between official and effective retirement interesting . 
  the title is sensational and incorrect . 
  it says that at the * polling stations * where a lot of * athens * police officers cast their vote , 19-24 % of the votes were for the golden dawn . 
  by some calculations that i honestly do n't understand , the newspaper then drew the conclusion that 50 % of the police officer voted for the neo nazis . 
  interesting that it 's different for men and women . 
  i can understand people being irritated ( sometimes ) , but on the other hand , if they have n't made sure that it 's sustainable - they are to blame i suppose . 
  can the government really refuse to publish the scheme 's account ? 
  i do n't think they can do it here ( refuse , i mean ) . 
  is that even legal ? 
  true , and that is one of the reasons i am happier and happier about the fact that we are not in the ez . 
  it does irritates me though , even though it 's * just * eu money , that we transfer money to country who pay less taxes ( and have more tax evasion ) and retire earlier than we do . 
  i just do n't think that is fair . 
  and it certainly baffles me ( although the french can do what they want with their finances , since they seem to pay for it themselves ) that they do n't seem to talk about the unsustainability of the system . 
  i discussed the french retirement system ut with a french/swedish friend this weekend , and he said the swedish side of him could n't understand it either , but he said swedes seem to focus more on economy , the french more on ideas . 
  we did n't know basically , just solved problems with the help of wine :-) . 
  how 's the retirement system in the uk ? 
  yes i know , so bisarre . 
  i mean , if the french want to have a unsustainable retirement system i guess they are allowed to , but i just do n't see why they do n't talk about that . 
  the greeks protested making it 65 as well . 
  i wonder how other european countries do . 
  of course , that is no surprise . 
  we have 67 now , and they are talking about raising it to 70 . 
  i guess we have to , and no one has really protested that much ( yet ) . 
  that is why it surprises me when other countries are protesting working until 65 . 
  it seems like such a short term thinking , and financially unhealthy as well . 
  i know , and instead the swede was just confused as to why the southerner started to refer to his mothers profession all of a sudden ( and corrected him ) . 
  it was fun , i laughed . 
  it 's true , you do swear a lot better than we do . 
  swedish swear words are more ( bisarrely enoguh , since we are pretty atheistic ) like `` damn '' / `` devil '' / `` shit '' etc. 
  it 's also a cultural thing . 
  i once listened to the most hilarious argument when an angry southerner said ( in swedish ) something like `` your mother is a whore '' . 
  the swede got a bit confused and logically explained : `` no , you are wrong . 
  she is an accountant , not a protsitute '' . 
  cultural clash , very funny . 
   i 'm not sure mentioning non-eu or non-euro countries is particularly relevant . 
  i know :-) , but i am tired of people mixing them up . 
  the article actually mentions the eu , as well . 
  also , the article is talking about renegotiating * eu * treaties , which is more interesting to me . 
  finlands economy is ok . 
  they were/are actually one of the few countries that actually had a low debt ( or below 60 % ) to begin with . 
  triple a rating . 
  i do n't know however how much they are affected by the ez crises . 
  i know the finns i speak to are n't overjoyed about it , but i guess no one is . 
  they are however , a small country , so they ca n't carry others .
