  most of the world , including germany it is 18 . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_age ) is a link that proves that i am right , and you are wrong - as always !, 
   you 're being obtuse . 
  if my child were 70 and i 90 , he 'd still be my child : but you 're using ` child ' to absolve grass of moral responsibility . 
   so , legally , and in the eyes of most people ( apart from you who . . you 're simply wrong as a matter of fact . 
  unsurprisingly i am being obtuse because i am pointing out a fact !, 
  he was a child , that is a fact . 
  i am not surprised that you do not like it , you seem to make things up the whole time . 
  are you saying that in most countries in the world 17 year olds are allowed to vote ? 
  please , again , you are wrong !, 
  and , talking about facts !, 
  you have n't addressed the fact that you were completely wrong about this :  he was n't forced to join the ss you ca n't even tell the difference between the navy and the waffen ss . 
  i am not suprised that you do not like facts , you seem to mix things up the whole time . 
  you wrote that he volunteered to join the waffen ss - you were wrong . 
  admit it !, 
   he was 17 . 
  you can call him a child if you wish ; i would n't . 
  well , most countries in the world do . 
  the uk , germany etc the fact that * you * do not like it , does n't change the fact that in the eyes of the world he was a child . 
  thus , not responsible for his action . 
  he was a child !, 
  someone might consider 9 year olds adults , but most of the world do not . 
  so , legally , and in the eyes of most people ( apart from you who seem to change arguments as it fits you ) , he was a child . 
   so , as i said , he volunteered to join the military in november 1944 . 
  you said before that he volunteered to join the waffen ss . 
  here is what you wrote :  he was n't forced to join the ss . 
  yes , he was . 
  you are wrong . 
  admit it . 
  now you are trying to change it to * nazi state instead * , just because you do n't want to admit you were wrong and ca n't tell the difference between the navy and the waffen ss . 
  and , to get back to the arguments , the fact that he was * forced * to join the waffen does not prove that he was/is an anti semite . 
  yes , he volunteered fo * the submarines * . 
  they were part of the navy , not the waffen ss - are you an idiot ? 
  the waffen ss had nothing to do with the navy . 
  you see , ( you seem to be completely lost here , you do not even have basic knowledge ) , there were different sections fighting , not all of them were waffen ss , in fact , most of them were not . 
  there was wehrmacht ( the army ) , luftwaffe etc. 
  * most * of the germans who fought , were not in the waffen ss . 
  he was then * forced * to join the waffen ss . 
  so , he volunteered * to join the navy * , not the waffen ss ( they are two different things you see , you seem to be quite an idiot ) . 
  second - you have not addressed the fact that he was a child . 
  give up - you are changing your arguments at every turn , and you do n't even have any arguments . 
  you seem to have a learning disability, 
   volunteering ( not being forced ) for the german military right towards the end of the war he did n't volunteer , which other people have showed you , with links , but you is completely ignoring this fact . 
  again , he did n't volunteer . 
  he did n't volunteer . 
  i am assuming that you can read , he * did n't * volunteer . 
  so , that part of your argument falls . 
   for joining the waffen ss and for not attempting to run away so , you are saying that * a child * , that is * being forced * to join the waffen ss should * run away * and instead risk being caught and shot ? 
  the fact that he did n't do that does not make him an anti semite . 
   and for then guiltily keeping mum about it for half a century oh , so everyone who doesnt talk about things * the way you want * are anti semites . 
  the fact that you do not talk about things that happened to you * when you were a child * ( you are not adressing this fact , at all , do n't think i have n't noticed ) is not proof of anti semitism . 
  my father never spoke about his fathers death , does that make him an anti semite ( nevermind that he is not german , and was born after the war ) . 
  the fact that you do not speak about things is not proof of anti semitism , even though you present it as such , there can be a million reasons for that . 
  your arguments are false , and you are ignoring facts . 
  so , based on the fact that the pope and grass were * born the same year * , grass is an anti semite ? 
  are you for real ? 
  your arguments are beyond stupid , they are not even arguments . 
   he volunteered to fight for the nazi state led by hitler . 
  he did n't volunteer . 
  he was * forced * into the draft , and * tried * to choose the navy , and was , after that * forced * into the waffen ss . 
  that do not make someone an anti semite for life . 
  you have no arguments what so ever , you are grasping at straws and is completelty ignoring the fact that he was forced , and , a child . 
  you are an idiot . 
  what does the pope has to do with anything ? 
  is that your argument ? 
  seriously , that is even worse than grasping at straws . 
  other people have provided evidence that he was forced into the waffen ss while legally a child - he tried to join the navy . 
  yet you claim , without backing up your statement at all ( perhaps the comment about the pope is backing up to you although they have nothing to do with each other ) that he is an anti semite . 
  i think you want him to be , so you do not have to address the critisism - no matter if it 's correct or not or all the facts are against you . 
  in 1944 , a lot of people were * forced * to join the waffen - ss , among other people slavs , muslims etc , opting out was n't really an option , since the waffen - ss were taking heavy casualties ( like the wehrmacht , although waffen - ss lost more ) particularely on the eastern front . 
  grass tried to signed up for submarine service , but was rejected , and then he joined the waffen - ss . 
  if you mean that a 17 year old , being forced to sign up ( everyone had to , the were also taking 16 , 15 - year old ) etc is evidence for him being an antisemite for the rest of his life , i 'd like to see some more evidence for that please . 
  he was a teenager and a child , not allowed to vote , and what you are saying is because of that , he is always , always an anti semite ? 
  i think you are wrong , that is not evicence for him being an anti semite at all , and certainly not for the rest of his life . 
  but it 's not a free market , it 's not like i can start building a nuclear power plant in germany if i like , or that anyone can grab a swedish river and take the energy from there - the states are * so * much involved in that . 
  it 's not a free market . 
  not that i 'm arguing with you , just with denmark/european court is n't that very hypocrit , asking to close down a power plant and then complain . 
  i understand that they want to get rid of barseb\u00e4ck , but not that they have a right to our energy . 
  besides , , most of their energy comes from coal ( 20 - 30 % % is it from wind power ) . 
  i like denmark too , but * not * their claims that we * have * to sell them energy . 
  get your own energy . 
  seriously ? 
  since when is it a requierment that we have to export energy to the danes ? 
  i can understand being upset about barseb\u00e4ck , but why the suing ? 
  yes , it must be really difficult to find a dark sky there . 
  everyone needs it every now and then , i am sure we are somehow made for just standing staring at the stars . 
  this thread have made me very glad i 'm going to the countryside for eastern . 
  i am so lucky that i quite often get to enjoy complete darkness , and the starry skies . 
  where we have our summer home , it 's completely dark ( well , not in june in sweden , but when it 's * supposed * to be dark ) . 
  also , i love going to my cousins hut up north . 
  it 's one of those things you do n't realise you miss until one do n't see it on a regular basis ( as when one lives abroad , although i 'm sure it 's just because i 've mostly lived in cities ) . 
  i wish they would turn off the lights more , not just on earth hour - everyone needs to walk outside on a dark night every now and then . 
  i get very irritated about people who ca n't tell the difference between the eu , and the euro countries . 
  we ( sweden ) have been lowering and paying off our debt since the 90 's , and it does not have a lot to do with germany ( although , they are one of our biggest trade partners ) . 
  we * chose * to pay off our debt ( currently around 37 % of gdp ) , and it had very little to do with germany . 
  other countries made other choices , for a variety of reasons . 
  please , politicians , grow up at take at least your part of the responsiblity ( which actually the citizens seem to do , but not the politicians , judging by this board ) . 
  just because your friend jumps off a cliff ... . . 
  absolutely !, 
  eu could do * a lot * more , but at least they 're acknowledging problem now .
