  yes , i know the point of your post , but that is also why i wanted to know * all * the extra expenses . 
  i just felt that we , for example paid ireland extra billions , that is * beyond * the 1 % , but they went through the imf . 
  so , in the imf number of 1 % , that is just our regular fee , that we pay every year . 
  i am sure that 's the same for other countries as well , some money is paid directly to greece , some through imf , some straight to the banks etc. 
  i am not sayin that you ar wrong , i just think the picture would be more complete if we could get that information too :-) . 
  i mean the extra bailouts , like sweden ' contribution to the irish , it was done via the imf , not the regular payments . 
  he wrote europe , * not * the eurozone * or * the eu . 
  there is a difference and my anser is valid ( apart from the netherlands ) for europe . 
  i am getting very tired of people not knowing the difference ( i know you did n't write it in the first place ) . 
  if one means the eurozone , one should write that . 
  and , the article talks about the eu . 
  could you also include the imf funds , other bailouts and the money given to the eu etc. 
  sweden can balance an economy . 
  norway , switzerland and perhaps finland . 
  i guess also the netherlands and denmark are doing ok . 
  but that does n't includes the money given to imf , does it ? 
  i guess it also does n't includes the money given to the eu , as an eu member ? 
  it 's the loans to greece . 
  are they going to force us ? 
  i do not see that happening in ten years . 
   well , that 's a point on which we disagree then . 
  why ca n't i have my own view ? 
  i 'm only responsible for my own views and i only need to defend those . 
  of course you * can * , but then it is absolutely no idea discussing anything at all , at any point , ever since you just pick which arguments you like and do not like . 
  it 's the same things as if we were to discuss the us invasion of iraq , and i said that i really support the invasion - but not the killing . 
  obviously you 'd go `` what , you ca n't say that , you ca n't have military invasions without killings ? '' . 
  well , to quote you - '' * why ca n't i have my own view * i support the good things about the military invasion , like the fact that saddam is gone . 
  i do not support anything bad about it ...  that it 's a choice between bad ( try to keep the euro ) and worse ( let the euro fall ) . 
  i have absolutely no problem finding economists who are saying exactly the opposite , bad ( let the euro fall ) , worse ( keeping the euro ) . 
   i do n't think so . 
  i fear that dropping greece would result in mass speculation against other countries : spain , italy , ireland , portugal . 
  later even france and belgium . 
  ultimately it will result in the collapse . 
  i could be wrong on that one ( or you , no one really knows ) . 
  * but * , then they euro were n't meant to be , let it fall then . 
  see , that is the argument you are making . 
  you support the good things , not the bad . 
  then there is no point to have a grown up discussion , if you just claim responsiblity for the good things . 
  in life , to me , being a grown up and taking responsibility , both as a person and as a country is dealing/facing and * taking responsibily * for the good * and * the bad things , in life , in me as a person , and most certainly in me , as a country . 
  that means , in this context , dealing , facing and taking responsibility for the eurozones flaws and failures as well as for it 's winnings . 
  otherwise , we are discussing your viewpoint of the world , not anything else . 
  that is better suited for r/philosophy . 
  i want to discuss the * whole * of the ez . 
   also , stating the eurozone is supporting corruption is populist retorics . 
  handing over money to projects and countries that makes sure that the money goes to whoever who does n't need them * is * supporting corruption . 
   i do want to save the euro and the eurozone . 
  but ofcourse with honest measurements . 
  once again , i 'm not responsable for every decision the eurozone takes . 
  i want the eurozone to survive , but i do n't want corruption to become more rampant . 
  if the eurozone saves itself by extorting other nations , than i 'm not behind it . 
  if the eurozone money ends up in the pocket of politicians , than i 'm not behind it . 
  if i vote for a politician , i 'm also not behind everything that politician says or does . 
  that is the problem of the today , right there . 
  you are only on board with the `` good '' decisions , so no one can call you out . 
  sorry , no way i am falling for that.you ca n't just cherrypick to be responsible for the good things and ignore everything else , or want to change it with unrealistic dream scenarios , while at the same time the eurozone is bullying and supporting corruption . 
  no way you can exclude yourself from that . 
  if i vote for someone , i am responsible for that . 
  you as a pro-euro person is responsible for the bullying , the corruption the whole bits . 
   but the scenario i 'm defending is n't impossible . 
  it might not be happening today , true , but since you are just arguing based on dream scenarios you are not dealing what is here today , and that is harmful . 
  for example , you want the eurozone to continue to support the greeks , based on ( among other things ) the `` fact '' that they might change . 
  fine , do that , but then you are ignoring the fact that your money , at this very moment , is going towards corruption . 
  sure , you say it 's bad , but you are not doing anything to stop it , since you are not responsible for the bad things and dream about the good things . 
  the eurozone is supporting corruption - that needs to stop today . 
  dream all you want , that is a good thing , but deal with reality . 
  do not claim money based on dream scenarios , which is essentially what you and the eurozone is doing . 
   but that intuition also says that letting a monetary zone collapse without any form of exit plan will go without any problems that is very different from saving the euro and most certainly from thinking greece should stay within . 
  i do n't think i 've ever said that they should n't have an exit plan , although this is fairly unprecedented , so i do n't really know actually if there 's is one . 
  i agree though , it would cause problems , massive ones . 
  i think the eurozone is causing that too , at the moment , so maybe this is better . 
  btw , i think the euro could survive , maybe , but then one has to drop a few countries , like greece for example . 
  and change a lot of things . 
   how do you mean , not really ? 
  it was in a respond to what you said that no one could predict what is happening/the crises . 
  what i meant was that some of the biggest arguments for the `` vote no to the euro - campaign '' in sweden was that : * the economies within the euro are to different , and ( essentially ) germany will control the interest rate . 
  that is going to lead to huge problems , since the different countries are not going to be able to use their own currency/their interest rate to help them in time of financial turomoil . 
  that is also one of the problems within the ez that we see today . 
  * stupid to have financial integration without political * the stronger economies will have to support the weaker within the ez system . 
  * stupid to give away independence to countries who essentially do not care about your problems , they ( rather understandably ) care about their own , therefore not listening . 
  i think we can see that they were right . 
  no , they were not that smart , more common sense , or maybe you call it intuition . 
   sorry , i did n't feel like this was meant for me . 
  i already said we need a plan with the eurozone , then when things are more certain , we could go to the rest of the eu and ask for help . 
  it is meant for you , as an individual . 
  you are claiming all these unrealistic scenarios , that is n't happening ( nor have they ever happened ) and on that dream scenario basis , you want to save the euro , and sweden to contribute ( in an ideal world , where sweden democratically vote for giving billions to greece ) . 
  but that is not what is happening . 
  the eurozone has no plan and they are already asking for more money . 
  that means , that the scenario you as a person wants and hopes for , is n't happening . 
  it is like when you say that you want to stop the corruption in greece , by carefully monitoring them . 
  seriously , that is very , very naive . 
  at this very second , belgium 's money is paying for a 61 year olds pension and that 61 year old is cheating on his taxes . 
  in other words , the scenarios you are describing is n't happening , nor do they seem to . 
  so you want to save the euro , based on dream scenarios that , we can say for sure do not exist . 
  you have to deal with the world that exist - today . 
  today , the eurozone is supporting massive corruption . 
  today , the eurozone is taking eu money to save their currency . 
  today , the non eurozone countries are paying for the eurozones mistakes . 
  that alone disqualifies the eurozone . . by doing the things above , the eurozone are undemocratic bullies.you speak about how the eurzone should behave , but the fact is that they are not behaving this way . 
  how can you disreagrd the gap between the reality and the dreamworld you are describing , when all countries have a choice to contribute . ? 
  twhere no money is sponsoring greek corruption  i have no responsability for the choices of the eurozone . . you want to save the euro , that means you want to save the eurozone .
