  i do not understand how the tax payers in the eurozone stand for it ( no , i am not referring to greece , more the dutch , germans etc ) we are not in the eurozone , but they want money from us . 
  call me tight , mean and non solidarity , but i hope we do not give them any ( although that wo n't happen ) . 
  it is not solidarity to give away money to people who will not even disclose how bad it is , nor do they have any sort of plan . 
  in must agree with another brit - what happens when other peoples money runs out ? 
  what is the eurozone plan then ? 
  make the meetings public if you want my money , put a plan in order . 
   i say i 'd rather have broke greeks trying to better things than rich brits trying to keep fucking things up . 
  and i 'd rather stay with the brits , maybe this can work for the both of us . 
   why should france and germany pay for all agrarian subsidies after they 're no longer the main beneficiaries ? 
  why should we pay for the eastern european countries alone ? 
  with the uk rebate in place , the uk would be doing well to just let this one slide . 
  i certainly agree - they should stop it . 
  the eu agrarian subsidiaries is a joke . 
  that has nothing to do with the eurozone wanting money from the uk though.let this one slide ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  the merkozy are not saying for how long , how much etc ? 
  so what you are saying is that countries outside the eurozone should indefinately contribute money without asking question ? 
  for how long ? 
  do you honestly think that is sound finacial managment for * any * prime minister ? 
   the uk is sabotaging the eu in general . 
  the only reason they 're in it . 
  that is your opinion , not mine , and are you saying that is why the uk joined in 1973 ( or the eec as it was then known ) . 
  it do think that is your opinion , not a historical fact , but if you have any academic papers on it , please . 
   norway is not a member of the eu ( has oil though ) . 
  i am well aware of that - but the eu want norway to contribute to the efsf - that is why i included them . 
  you still have n't said what you think of the scandinavian economies - why should they pay ? 
   after you cleaned up the mess you caused and benefitted nicely from . 
  i am swedish , what mess have we caused and how have we benefitted from it ? 
   fuck `` teh markets '' . 
  for large parts they 're nothing but useless parasites . 
  you might not like the markets , but you can not ignore them . 
  my statement is still valid , the uk has a bigger gdp and certainly better ratings than a lot of eurozone countries , certainly greece . 
   we did not move the uk into the position of being in the eu but outside of the euro well , they joined the eu , not the euro . 
  the euro is of later date , and optional . 
  if they are not in the euro , why should they contribute to problem caused by and in the eurozone ? 
   how about a tiny bit of solidarity ? 
  all i see from the brits is trying to sabotage everything . 
  well , because at the moment the eurozone seems like a black hole . 
  it is not the brits that sabotaged the eurozone/euro , far from it . 
  the eurozone was sabotaged by the fact that it was built upon monetary , but not political integrations , lying greeks , stupid french/german banks , world recession and probably a hundred more reasons . 
  that he is not as eager as everyone else * in * the eurozone to throw money after banks/greece etc , is just sound financial thinking . 
  sweden agrees with him ( although , he has been going about it in a rather rude way , i admit ) - throw them out to ? 
  why should everyone else pay for mistakes not of their doing , and when they ask questions , get told to shut up ? 
   oh . . the gdp of which the most part is `` fantasy money produced '' ? 
  i 'm talking about real goods , services . 
  actual stuff people need or use or need to be taken care of . 
  but the eurozone want those fantasy money to the esfs , which makes it real . 
  besides , many goods are not made within the eu anymore , and that ceratinly goes for sweden/denmark/norway as well , even more so i think . 
  fantasy money - then do not ask for it ? 
  can the uk stop paying then ? 
   but at least they 're not the one trying to actively ruin things while at the same time receiving rebates for dubious reasons . 
  depend on your point of view i imagine . 
  the strikes , the tax evading , the low productivity , the lying , the cheating - i 'd rather make a deal with the uk than greece , and i think , looking at the current economic debate that the market agrees with me . 
  not regulating the banks and contributing to the esfs are not two identical things . 
  i agree , the uk should regulate their banks , but at the moment they are not asking the eu to contribute billions of euro to them , are they ? 
  the second question is , should he just pay and be quiet ? 
  not asking any questions , not arguing , just hand over money to the merkel and sarkzy ( french/german banks , greeks ) and just say - we are so happy to contribute ? 
  well , i think he would be a bad politician if he did , and not doing what any politician handing over money should do - asking questions . 
  he is looking after uk : s interest.well , with the eurozones track record so far , can you blame him ? 
  for the record , i am not from the uk , but i am not in the eurozone either . 
   i 'm fairly certain the eu would be better off without the uk . 
  the uk produces basically nothing but fantasy money . 
  we have too much of that . 
  is n't that a bit juvenile ? 
  there are a lot of countries in the eu with lower gdp etc than the uk , you seem to me like you are just being irritated because you do not agree with cameron . 
  do you honestly want to throw the uk out but keep greece ? 
  besides , you do not have the power to throw someone out . 
  i do understand that cameron can be annoying , but it should be the concern for any head of state if money they are contributing to the eu , are being decided on how to be used by other heads of states , and they are not even allowed to be there . 
  if more people/heads of state had been prudent about where the money goes , we would not have been in this situation . 
  well , as harsh as it may sound , until then i 'd avoid sweden . 
  most people that come nowadays from serbia are either family ( you marry someone ) or asylum seekers and it is very rare to get asylum . 
  do n't mean to disencourage you , but i do n't think it is that easy to ( legally ) get in . 
  study perhaps , but there 's a fee for non eu/non exchange students . 
  perhaps if you join an exchange program ? 
  but is n't the case that they also want to take money from the eu ? 
  i read that they were planning on using esfs , that is an eu fund , not a eurozone fund , they also want countries like norway , china to invest in it . 
  should n't all the member states be asked then ? 
  do you have an eu passport , or how are you going to get your residence ? 
  well , as i 've asked , give me the proper links - but you do n't , so i do not believe in you . 
  do you even know what proper evidence is ? 
  please , * do * ignore me if your only claims are `` i know the truth '' - i do not believe you . 
  if you have links - post them . 
  no proof , random claims on the internet by person who insists that `` he/she '' knows `` the truth '' , but ca n't back it up in any way whatsoever . 
  your are the average internet prophet , and i do n't believe in those . 
  i rather prefer to believe in bloomberg , transparency international , etc. 
  i choose to believe reliable news source , not your ad hominem arguments . 
  you are actually strengthening my belief , why on earth should i believe you , a random greek person on the internet who do have any sources at all ? 
  are you more trustworthy than bloombergs , transparency international or cnn ? 
  dear god , you are putting a lot of faith in yourself . 
  at least in regards to me you have n't done greece any favours . 
  if you checked my statement before that , you would see that i posted relevant statistic , something you do not . 
  please , if you do not agree with my statement , post statistic or valid sources * why * i am wrong , not why * you * think that i am wrong . 
  [ here ] ( http://articles.cnn.com/2010-12-31/world/greece.taxes_1_income-taxes-greek-press-tax-evasion?_s=pm:world ) [ here ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/02/world/europe/02evasion.html?pagewanted=all ) [ here ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&amp;sid=apsz28ifll9u ) [ here ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2010/02/how-tax-evasion-is-complicating-greek-rescue-efforts/36365/ ) so , if all these renowed newspapers and news sources are wrong , would you please post some valid statistic that opposes to my statement ? 
  you are talking about your experience , while , hopeless and unfair as it may be , is only an ad hominem argument . 
  i agree , and honestly as with everything else one has to start with oneself . 
  it does n't seem to me that is what the greek tax payers are doing . 
  i 've heard that if they actually paid their taxes , the situation would n't be so serious . 
  with that attitude , nothing is ever going to change , is it ? 
  one can always look at the neighbour/boss/cousin who evades and say `` i do n't want to pay '' . 
  shall we just accept all the corrupt states for all eternity then ?
