a lot actually . 
  the act mentioned above should provide enough information . 
  they are not a registered minority . 
  correct them/help them patiently . 
  and with time people will remember/get used to foreign letters . 
  there is also a standardised transcription for foreign alphabets so i see no problem with using double spelling . 
  also in towns with big concentration of minorities there is a big chance that people are already used to it . 
  i agree it can create problems in certain cases but your name is part of your identity and you should be allowed to keep it as it should be . 
  as long as you do n't trip again everything will be fine . 
  i will also keep my shoes tied and watch my step . 
  and it sure did n't help . 
  after ww ii we were n't exactly a nationalistic superpower . 
  wiki : `` to prevent creation or recreation of historical alliances that could weaken the soviet regime , soviet policy was aimed at minimizing the role of the historical ties between those nations , and there were few contacts of any significance between poland and lithuania during that period '' maybe if soviets would let us start resolving our differences earlier things would be better between us . 
  but also possibly worse - who knows ? 
  incidentally it is kind of derived from `` sh '' shell . 
  well , at least you said you 're sorry . 
  i accept it as a sign of good will . 
  i think we and lithuania should look at what can bring us together ( even if it 's a common gas pipe ) and what we both can gain from making new friends . 
  instead we are still arguing and bickering . 
  maybe we are just not mature enough . 
   russia did a `` great '' thing making us argue . 
  `` great '' things are again becoming russia 's specialty . 
  another reason we should work together . 
  we are talking about registered minorities here . 
  and as i stated in other comments it is allowed in poland . 
  let 's just say i do n't always agree with our new president . 
  yeah , i am not proud of that to say the least . 
  but that is history and while we should n't forget it we also should n't base our relations on it . 
  yet it seems some people still do . 
  yeah , he was born in zalavas ( zu\u0142\u00f3w ) . 
  while i see your point here i would like to mention that majority of polish minority ( heh ) live there since we were basically one country . 
  well , this sucks . 
  if our law says it 's allowed i gues it was bureaucrats ' laziness and/or lack of knowledge . 
  things like this should not happen . 
  if we want to improve our relations we should set better examples . 
  edit : oh , and thanks for the article . 
  it shows the problems are on both sides ( for poles in lithuania and for lithuanians in poland ) . 
  i also see no problem with writing my name without polish diactrics but it is nice to be allowed to use them . 
  makes you feel more at home . 
  i looked that up and you are right . 
  sorry for spreading misinformation and thanks for correction . 
   in addition to that , current `` poles '' minority , which is mostly ethnic belarusians , russians , and poles mixed together , keeps electing party that is very pro-russian . 
  i 've read about that . 
  i wonder if that 's because they feel ignored by other parties . 
  i know problems are on both sides and it 's a real shame we ca n't solve them and we play the blame game instead . 
  too bad we ca n't just start over :(, 
  i 'm glad you asked that because i did n't clarify that the act on national and ethnic minorities and regional language is about registered minorities . 
  and although jews are recognized minority i doubt hebrew alphabet can be used on documents . 
  it 's probably latin-based only . 
  edit : typo, 
  here : http://www.iz.poznan.pl/pz/pz/45_05_godlewska.pdf `` their status improved significantly in 2005 when the act on national and ethnic minorities and regional language came into force . 
  the introduction of language rights related to the use of auxiliary languages in public administration and bilingual topographic signs was a positive development . 
  the joint commission of the government and national and ethnic minorities was established and several major projects were implemented to combat discrimination , et cetera . 
  access to education and the media as well as the right to spell surnames and names consistently with their pronunciation in the native language do not provoke much controversy . '', 
  i actually think polish schools should be funded by poland . 
  as far as i know we pay for polish schools in ireland . 
  yes , it is possible . 
  every minority in poland can spell their name the way they want . 
  if i find some source on this in english i will post it . 
  so far i found some in polish only . 
  there are some unresolved issues with polish schools in lithuania . 
  also the `` w '' problem which maybe seems unimportant but i see no reason why a pole named witold should spell his name `` vitold '' just because lithuanian alphabet has no `` w '' . 
  i found an article from 2014 that outlines some of the problems : http://www.rubaltic.ru/articles/professor_o_dowski_in_vilnius_think_there_are_no_poles_in_lithuania13022014/, 
  i think that problem coud be gradually solved if both polish and lithuanian governmets were n't so stubborn . 
  we should talk , not argue about it . 
  with maps and whatnot : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gas_interconnection_poland%e2%80%93lithuania, 
   conservatives win elections in pl yeah , it appears they will . 
  and they like to blow silly things out of proportion . 
  damn . 
  sad , is n't it ? 
  still , the gas pipe gives me some hope . 
  commongas . 
   gimbal locked had to look it up . 
  til . 
  thanks . 
  this went slightly out of control , 
  i 360 degree agree with thee . 
  what if we present the whole angle thing as a pie chart ? 
  then 180 degree split would mean 50/50 and 360 degree would mean nothing in common . 
  i guess it 's open to interpretation . 
  and being vague is politicians ' thing after all . 
  i understood what he meant , what i wrote was just a remark about applying angle measurement unit to differentiate beliefs . 
  if he said it was 50 degree different i would need some sort of reference . 
  tl ; dr : i shot myself in the foot with a joke . 
  not sure what 180 degree difference would mean either . 
  they pray turning their backs on mecca ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  well , maybe we should start learning swedish . 
  ignorance has no age . 
  or gender . 
  or race . 
  and although poles are divided on the whole immigrant/refugee matter i would not think of these three criminals as representation of how we treat foreigners . 
  nevertheless - it is a shameful act :(, 
  i was in kosice in august last year so sadly i missed the exhibition . 
  anyway - here are some steam monsters from wolsztyn on a video i found : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uf6f4j_rpjg, 
  it \u00b4 s always nice to see this milestone in human development functioning somwhere . 
  we had one of the last ( if not the last ) steam engines in regular use that was hauling people from wolsztyn to poznan and back until 2014 . 
  awesome thing . 
  can confirm . 
  tr\u00f3jka is the way to go .
