killing turks on sight was legal in iceland ... ** until 1970 's !, 
  ** the reason behind that law was [ murat reis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_abductions ) , a pirate supported by ottomans . 
  he invaded couple of cities in iceland and enslaved ~ 500 people in 17th century ( almost 1/50 of total population at the time ) . 
  modern-day iceland initiated other laws which made killing human-beings illegal , but that 17th century law was n't an isolated thing . 
  in fact , killing basques was also legal ** until 2015 ** . 
   ( inquisition ) killed fewer people in several centuries of existence than the islamic state has this year . 
  population growth , weapons of mass destruction , transportation/communication networks ... anachronism is a common mistake we should avoid . 
   i can definitely appreciate what the muqaddimah said on africans . 
  gave me a right laugh . 
  anachronism strikes again . 
  when i read aristotle , i do n't call him a misogynistic shitbag . 
  hysterically laughing while reading texts which ca n't be analyzed through post-enlightenment state of civilization , would be in the realm of stupidity . 
   middle east was a beacon of light and hope . 
  what ? 
  i 've never said that . 
  egypt was the most ` advanced ' [ * ] civilization at some point . 
  but it 's sure as shit was n't a beacon of light : slavery , death marches , poverty ... we 're not trying to find a beacon of light , a shrine of hope , a neverland with dancing unicorns . 
  no , we 're talking about the bloody history of humanity . 
  - [ * ] i do n't like using the word advanced . 
  ` advanced ' in which context ? 
  mongolian army ( and intelligence ) was second to none , but calling them a great civilization would be misleading . 
  measuring advancement is impossible . 
  i 'm just rolling with your terminology . 
   `` ottomans stole christian boys ! '', 
  you 're talking about ` devshirme ' system . 
  the reason behind that system was avoiding nobility which could create rivals through power struggles ( tens of different families ruled over byzantine empire . 
  they kept being the only ruling family ) . 
  those boys were the luckiest kids in the entire empire . 
  they 've become pashas , viziers or elite soldiers guarding the palace . 
  turks , muslims and christians from big cities like constantinople would kill to become pashas ( devshirme system targeted non-muslims from rural provinces . 
  only poor families without name/wealth ) . 
  you 'd probably say that ottoman house took those boys without their consent . 
  i 'd probably say , it 's a freaking medieval organisation , stop being anachronic . 
   give me a few concrete examples and we 'll talk . 
  i gave you couple of examples . 
  one of them was house of wisdom . 
  find me a medieval european institution championed by people with different religious/ethnic/cultural backgrounds . 
  find me libraries with non-religious texts . 
  find me anti-religious thinkers/scholars like al maarri , al-razi etc. 
  then we 'll engage in a healthy discussion without quoting ourselves into oblivion . 
   even then , they were incredibly violent and superstitious even by medieval european standards . 
  11th century islamic world was able to create a healthier envionment for minorities , sceintists , philosphers etc. 
  in fact , every single civilization from china to iran , was more ` advanced ' than medieval europe which was n't much different than isis . 
  hunnic invasions and migration period caused a drastic demographic change which destroyed arguably the greatest civilisation in the history of humanity : rome . 
  with the `` untergang '' of roman empire , church has become the most prominent figure in european politics . 
  incredibly sectarian theocratic regime initiated by the church erased what rome has done . 
  i wrote a lengthy post on r/askhistorians , but i ca n't find it . 
  so here is sloppy reply . 
  during the golden age of islam ( from 9th century to early 13th century ) muslim world was much more tolerant toward people with different cultural/religious backgrounds . 
  cultural flourishing ( from poetry to philosophy ) and sceintific progress ( from mathematics to biology ) have completely changed the society undre abbasid rule . 
  house of wisdom ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_wisdom ) welcomed scholars no matter what culture they represented . 
  they were translating aristotle , platon , different philoshopical works by greek greats forgotten by christian europe and influential texts from different parts of the world like china , india etc. 
  ( arabic translations of greek texts had a profound effect on renaissance . 
  greek philosopic tradition was able to survive largely because of thinkers like averrores ) . 
   do you have any concrete indicators have you ever heard an ethno-religious group called jews ? 
  in-fucking-quistion ? 
  post-reconquista catholic rule tried to erase jewish identity . 
  tens of thousands of jews have fled to ottoman empire which was the safest haven for them . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alhambra_decree compare muslims in pre-enlightenment europe to christians in ottoman empire ( before the rise of nationalism in 19th century ) . 
  christians enjoyed a much more minority-friendly environment . 
  they were every bit as ` free ' as muslims ( with the exception of jizya , an extra tax ) . 
  sure , there have been occasional massacres and war crimes ( ipso facto : empires are bloody organisations ) but nothing systematic . 
   but we have statements from merchants detailing how brutal muslims were . 
  / u/shirinator try reading this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_crusades_through_arab_eyes  and not whole arab world was in `` golden age '' but just few large cities ( e.g. 
  baghdad until religious crazies slaughtered a lot of scholars . ), 
  - `` just a few cities '' : duh . 
  you ca n't judge rome by what they did in libyan deserts . 
  civilisation as we know it was vivid in just a few cities . 
  - `` demolition of baghdad '' had nothing to do with religious crazies . 
  mongolian invasion demolished house of wisdom . 
  hunnic invasions and migration period to europe is what mongolian invasion is to iran and mesopotamia . 
  the most prominent salafi scholars like ibn teymiyye ( salafism is the most radical branch of islam . 
  isis , qaeda , ksa etc are all salafis ) emerged in 12th century during mongolian invasion . 
  12th century had a potential to create a much more hostile/sectarian society . 
  but ottomans/turks , people with paganic roots , conquered those lands and created a healthier environment . 
  salafis and hardcore islamists rebelled against ottoman rule throughout the history , but they were crushed each and every time ... until ww1 . 
  one of those rebellions has become ksa , an organisation funding salafis and spreading salafism all around the world . 
  we 're witnessing the most sectarian period in the history of islam partly because of salafism funded by oil money . 
   i think people should stop buying into the victorian and marxist narratives of history that hold the arabs up as a tolerant , scientifically advanced civilization . 
  by / u/foxyculty what ? 
  appreciating arabic or persian civilisation has nothing to do with marxism . 
  i 'm pretty sure that goethe , who admired the magnificence of persian poetry , arguably the single greatest poetry tradition in the history of mankind , was n't a marxist . 
  orientalists like hammer , r\u00fcckert , jacob were n't influenced by class struggle . 
  if a person ca n't appreciate the genius of ibn khaldun , he/she is clearly doomed by stupidity . 
  akp is a gigantic coalition in which you can find every single right-wing element ; from islamists to nationalists , from laissez-faire businessmen to christian conservatives . 
  they highlight different rhetoric contexts fueled by different elements . 
  they also use different faces with various backgrounds ( like tu\u011frul t\u00fcrke\u015f , son of mhp 's founding father ) in order to win elections , but barycenter is not nationalism . 
  a cross between islamism and neo-ottomanism is what defines akp 's core policy . 
  mhp is less islamist , more nationalist . 
  they 're as bothersome as akp , but they can split right-wing voter base ( 2/3 of total population ) . 
   were n't they formed by actual german wwii nazis ( by / u/youdidnsaid ) no , grey wolves organization was - partly - formed by nato to counter socialist movement in turkey . 
  i 'm not saying this in a conspiratorial way . 
  both nato and ussr have become extremely paranoid during cold war . 
  they hysterically organised witch-hunts and funded counter-guerilla organizations to undermine their so-called eternal enemy . 
  grey wolves killed thousands of socialists , chp voters , alevis , kurds in 70 's . 
  ( 1980 coup d'\u00e9tat crushed socialist movement . 
  military execs banned unions , interrogated almost 1 million people , imprisoned tens of thousands of leftists , promoted religion to some degree and notoriously tortured socialists , ussr-friendly kurds etc. ), 
  grey wolves have become useless in post-1991 world , thus they have become tamed ( they were pretty active in 90 's though ) . 
  erdo\u011fan not letting non-erdo\u011fanist groups to have power , made them completely irrelevant . 
  in fact , you can find more violent right-wing groups in current europen politics .
