i mean , to be fair , there are some people who * really * hate americans here . 
  there are 1200 kids in my school . 
  it 's a regional school meaning that they take several rural towns that ca n't support their own schools and combine them into one school district . 
  most of these are pretty typical for american high schools with more than 1000 students - which is most high schools . 
  i 'm really lucky because i live in one of the wealthiest and most liberal states in the country , so people are more willing to invest in education here . 
  it 's supposed to be an elective if you want more in depth study . 
  we learned about them in government and history classes too , earlier in high school . 
  this is just meant for upperclassmen who have an interest to delve deeper . 
  it 's not required , only like 20 kids take it out of the 300 in my grade . 
  most classes are like that junior and senior year . 
  once you 've taken all your general requirements you can chose whatever subjects you want . 
  so the social studies department at my school school offers classes on the '60s , american military history , sociology , economics , psych , law , criminal justice , international relations , and comparative politics . 
  i think if i were italian i would go the classico route as well . 
  latin was always one of my favorite subjects in school and i used to be tutored in greek outside of school . 
  your description reminds me a lot of the men during the renaissance who studied the greeks and romans and built of off their knowledge . 
  oh i see what you mean , sorry !, 
  well i would argue my communism and fascism class is incredibly valuable , when you consider that americans have the power to elect one of the most powerful political figures in the world . 
  i think most people have this mentality that our checks and balances would protect us from a dictator and nothing evil like that could ever happen here , but it 's not like the germans or the russians were stupid and deliberately cruel . 
  the class shows what drives people to these extreme ideologies and the reasoning behind them . 
  it also allows for us to make our own assessments on certain political views that are otherwise not approved of in general society . 
  i think that understanding what happened in europe , asia , and south america in the 20th century allows us to not repeat their mistakes . 
  given the rhetoric being used by the gop this year , i think it 's more valuable than ever to understand how authoritarians use certain issues to their advantage . 
  as for my class on the stock market - i feel like most people do n't have a clue what actually happens on wall st. 
  they just do what their financial advisor says is a good idea and then cross their fingers . 
  the reason i disliked bernie sanders was because he presented a easy to follow , but completely misleading narrative on wall st. people want to hate the banks , even though they do n't completely understand what happened . 
  if you do n't understand how part of the economy works , how can you cast a well informed ballot ? 
  as for drama and other art classes , to be a free person you ca n't only be concerned with practical things . 
  to be free is to be able to broaden your mind beyond the basic and practical and to nourish your soul . 
  if you 're a slave or a serf , you do n't get to study art or music or literature , all you can do is work and hope to see a better day . 
  if you 're free your mind is free to pursue greater and deeper knowledge . 
  so can most irish people of your generation read gailedge ? 
  that 's really cool , that you guys are keeping your language alive . 
  a lot of american indian languages have died out in the last century , and louisiana creole and canjun are going that way too because the governments tried to punish children for speaking their native languages in school . 
  also how much james joyce did you read in your english classes ? 
  i read * the dubliners * for a project last year and fell in love with it . 
  i meant specialization of topics not content . 
  we take classes that are about specific topics but many different topics . 
  we sort of have schools like that . 
  there 's technical high schools and vocational agriculture schools but they still have to spend half their days in academic classes . 
  i tend to agree , but i 'm from a family which really values the humanities . 
  i know many people hate having to take classes they see as irrelevant to their future career . 
  i 'm also fairly indecisive . 
  if i had to pick two years ago what i wanted to do i would be taking all film and acting classes . 
  my goals have changed so much since then and now i want to go into politics . 
  i would hate to be locked in . 
  yes in the us you tend to stay broad until your junior year in college . 
  part of this has to do with the history of education and how it intermingled with our political ideas . 
  the point of the liberal arts vs specializing for one career is that the liberal arts are supposed to teach you what you need to know to be ` free ' and be an informed citizen of the republic . 
  specialization , prior to the renaissance , was a symbol of someone who had to work and was not a free member of society . 
  since every american was supposed to be free we all receive liberal arts educations . 
  so you start university when you 're 16 ? 
  do you finish your bachelor 's degree ( or the equivalent ) by 20 ? 
  i 've seen the play and loved it . 
  * do you hear the people sing * is one of my favorite songs of any play . 
  the book is so thick though , it 's always seemed intimidating . 
  it 's definitely on my list of books to read . 
  we say that in the united states as well . 
  i always thought it was a jewish thing , this thread has been illuminating . 
  we say the german one in the us too . 
  i wonder if it 's because of all the german immigrants that came here in the 19th century . 
  it 's surprising because france aided is throughout the entire war and fought in an enormous amount of battles with us . 
  the us did n't emerge by recognition either . 
  we emerged by winning a war . 
  you 're misunderstanding the question . 
  i just gave the us as an example . 
  i do n't understand why there are certain people on this sub who are automatically hostile to anyone with an american flair . 
  people come to / r/askanamerican with cultural misconceptions all the time and no one reacts this way . 
  the whole point of these subs is to educate people about differences . 
  would you prefer people live in ignorance forever ? 
  i was thinking more a long the lines of eastern europe . 
  but also , germany and italy did n't exist until after the united states did . 
  most of europe is , legally , younger than america . 
  but poland as an independent country did n't exist relatively recently . 
  it 's been completely wiped of the map twice in its history . 
  you said it 's better to work to live than live to work . 
  that would imply you think it 's bad to do the latter . 
  why is that better ? 
  i 'm not saying working conditions in the us are better than most european countries , they 're not . 
  but for many people their career is their passion and their calling , why should n't they live to fulfill that passion . 
  i hate this idea that work is inherently awful and you 're supposed to hate it . 
  that 's really beautiful !, 
  i love the acknowledgement of the past and the culture of poland . 
  very interesting about latvian schools - i love hearing about different cultures . 
  as for the 20s and 30s , in my history class there was an emphasis on how everything seemed great in the 20s but in reality there was mistake after mistake , leading into the depression . 
  the culture of america was amazing at that time , especially the harlem renaissance and the rise of hollywood , but on a policy level there were countless flaws . 
  you realize there were people living here before the europeans arrived ? 
  and also there were four different european countries all developing colonies seperately from one another for 300 years . 
  we did n't have enough time for a lot of content in my american history classes . 
  i do see your point , but i hate the idea that the us does n't have a lot of history . 
  people have been here as long as they 've been in europe . 
  so in dutch schools do you mainly just talk about dutch history or is there discussion of the history of other european countries ? 
  fair enough point . 
  french , english , and russian history are definitely the most emphasized because they had the biggest impact on us . 
  out of curiosity , did you ever talk about the encomienda system in latin america , when you covered colonization ? 
  that was hugely emphasized when i was in school . 
  in fact it was the only topic covered in every year of my high school history classes . 
   and then an essay on the french revolution . 
   this seems like a universal thing in history classes . 
  we had one on the ap exam here as well . 
  so do you have the same teacher all day or do you switch classes in school ?
