  it just looks like a fat chicken . 
  dis is glorious finno - ~ ~ uugrik ~ ~ uruk-hai l\u00e4ngu\u00e4d\u0161 . 
  the middle east was fucked long before the us got near it . 
  i 'm so jealous :(, 
  we , europeans in general , have been fighting each other so long we ca n't help but to be friends . 
  [ pewdiepie is loaded ] ( http://www.therichest.com/rich-list/most-influential/pewdiepie-his-multimillion-slice-of-the-youtube-pie/ ) . 
  of course he is an exceptional case . 
  but a lot of people do very well on youtube . 
  what about that dark patch in central west africa ? 
  same deal ? 
  it 's the only stable friendly country in the region . 
  i 'm excluding saudi arabia because i 'm sure the us only wants the sauds for their oil . 
  it 's their global hegemony/empire like thing . 
  they should be the ones to support it . 
   alex salmond  nicola sturgeon are all proeminent scotish politicians named after fish ? 
  he should as the last line of defense between his people and stupid ideas . 
  who has the power of veto in spain ? 
  portugal is rotten with corruption to it 's very core and yet here we are . 
   french guyana europeans transporting black people to the americas against their will is not going to go over well . 
  border guards ca n't investigate this volume of migrants in usefull time . 
  you 'd have customs detention centers turning into small cities really quickly . 
  they can find out where you are from because there is centralized information systems in your country that can be shared with other countries . 
  you think most of war torn africa has such a thing as an updated citizen registry ? 
  [ * cough * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genghis_khan ), 
   germany but he did ... 
  so like the real belarus ? 
  long term brain damage from weed abuse . 
  higher unemployment though . 
  the point is they 'll stop trying after getting sent back enough times . 
  many of these people invest theirs and their families savings making the trip to europe . 
  such quantities of cash are not so easily replaced . 
  since we are already violating national sovereignty and international law does that really matter ? 
  `` stop letting people move from your countries illegaly into ours and we 'll stop sending them back . '', 
  the last non-eu country they were in . 
  we may be a worthless shit rectangle . 
  but at least we are a country . 
   if that `` clump of cells '' is a living human organism then obviously it 's a human . 
  there 's more to human life than breathing air and having a pulse . 
  what constitutes human life is debatable and the center of the abortion debate itself . 
  soon ^ ^ tm, 
  \\  being this butthurt about loosing a war you started . 
  christ get your shit together argentina . 
  what joy is there in life without a little imperialism ? 
  well beer is just liquid bread so ... 
   . . why is it so hard for americans to hear that they \u00b4 ve instigated this coup d \u00b4 etat ? 
  because americans are the most insecure people on the planet . 
  they get hyper defensive whenever anyone points out the shady shit their country has done . 
  harvest grapes . 
  squish grapes into juice . 
  add yeast and let ferment . 
  interrupt fermentation and add aguardente . 
  presto !, 
  you now have port wine . 
  that 's median salary . 
  average salary is around 1500 $ . 
  there 's plenty of income disparity . 
  we pay a premium for anything that is n't food . 
  so the 900 $ will only go so far . 
  and even then there 's massive unemployment and underemployment . 
  people leave because they find prospects and a decent salary outside the country . 
  we use the hills for wine making . 
  port wine to be precise . 
  the spanish can have the interior . 
  over our corpses , 
  they full of dutch people . 
  are you sure you really want it tho ? 
  this is a hilly country . 
  wo n't your society descend into anarchy being unable to bike anywhere ? 
  rampant corruption , miserable wagers , lack of prospects , high unemployment . 
  where former eastern bloc countries were in the mid 90s is where we are headed now and fast . 
  and the government is more populist than progressive . 
  they do whatever they think will give them the most votes while at the same time securing deals with their private sector buddies so they can have a job when their term in office runs out . 
  this is a tourist 's paradise . 
  below the surface things are n't so nice and pretty . 
  nice weather and vistas do not a good country make . 
  neighborhood with spain is as bad as it is but sweden might actually be worse . 
  i 'll have to turn you down . 
  ps : the sun is nice and warm today . 
  that 's because not even the portuguese want to live here . 
  we emmigrate en masse for a reason . 
  dr. doom would never fuck a pig . 
  the constitution grants the president those powers without any kind of oversight or counter-wheight . 
  but , generally speaking , they wo n't do it unless the prime-minister requests it or the government looses parliamentary support . 
  our president does pardons too ? 
  i thought that was an american thing . 
   that also happens to be the job of the president , except a president is elected and can be fired if he does n't do his job ours ca n't . 
  he answers to no governmental body . 
  the only way our president can be fired is by not being re-elected . 
  the portuguese president can fire the government and dissolve parliament at any time for any reason . 
  he is also the one that chooses who gets to be prime-minister . 
  he can ignore election results if he so chooses . 
  this is quite a bit of power . 
  it 's the uniform . 
  terrible colour choice . 
  so unfashionable . 
  that 's actually hilarious to read . 
  you scots have a great sense of humour . 
  the reason english is so widespread across europe is because of us culture , not british influence . 
  we 've never had an ounce of soviet influence and that 's how people think here too . 
  i was joking .
