  that sucks . 
  minimum wage here is ~ 450 $ liquid and we pay 23 % vat on utilities . 
  families like / u/sopadurso are not that uncommon . 
  it 's the leftover of a dictatorship that shunned education and incentivised people to work at an early age . 
  the amount of children that people had at the time also contributed to this . 
  i did n't see the original when i posted mine . 
  this makes sense . 
  that was all i was ponting out . 
  yet i guess someone took it as if i support the guy . 
  the portuguese translator speaks in brazilian portuguese . 
  we have trully been counter-colonized :p, 
  so did hitler . 
  actually when one side is shown to be the winner beforehand supporters from that side tend to stay home `` because my vote is n't necessary '' , it also causes more voters from the oposing side to actually go vote . 
  how very german of you . 
  but i agree , fuck the french language and the fuck the french . 
  not everyone likes olive oil in their salad . 
  that 's why the bottle is there . 
  it will when we are as wealthy as western europe . 
  we are an eastern european country in western europe . 
  we even have the same english accent =d, 
  you make a valid point . 
  but i 'd imagine that touristy areas and resorts should have plenty of supplies regardless right ? 
  so greece would annex a sovereign nation in the eu ? 
  should n't the northern half of cyprus go to the country of cyprus ? 
  should greece 's inability to run it 's economy really affect tourism ? 
  why would tourists care ? 
  that reeks of automatic translation . 
  wait who is spain gay married to ? 
  probably . 
  you actually found something worse . 
  well done . 
  we do n't speak the same language . 
  at all . 
  bar the supermarket all those businesses are known for their rampant tax evasion . 
  and that 's why we are poor . 
  but thanks for your contribution :d, 
  also no matter how much you think we are a part of spain , do not call us spanish . 
  we will welcome you back with open arms and open cash registers < 3, 
  am poortuguese . 
  can confirm this is how it works . 
  they could use propeler airplanes . 
  well someone did declare war first . 
  the austo-hungarian empire is often called the kuk ( kaiserlich und k\u00f6niglich ) , imperial and royal as this was the lable of institutions in the empire that were common to both the austrian empire and the hungarian kingdom . 
  is that the tentacle hentai canton ? 
  is part of switzerland owned by japan ? 
  drug lords are the least of this countries ' corrption sources . 
  the accent is n't the only thing we have in common with the russians . 
  we also have babushkas . 
   more like mooretugal , amirite ? 
  only south of the douro river =d, 
  and this week only 5 ) bash portugal . 
  not `` any '' nation . 
  any non-alied nuclear power would be given a lot more than just a second thought . 
  he made way for prince ali , fabulous he , ali ababua ? 
  but how else are we to build highways next to highways next to highways ? 
  or buy new submarines ? 
  or fund public-private partnerships ? 
  i was only providing context and a potential explanation . 
  i 'm ok with taxing inheritances over a certain value . 
  this system sounds fantastic . 
  provided that little book represents the diferent opinions fairly . 
  if it 's anything like portugal that money will end paying for some one sided public-private partnerships that favor the friends of those in power . 
  and the vast majority of people that leave inheritances are n't rich . 
  but i 'm sure they would be taxed as well . 
   and my country have better politicians than germany have lucky you . 
  i would ' t mind dumping our entire political shpere into the atlantic and replacing it with germans . 
  we do n't even have a direct translation for roma here . 
  i 'll just call them gypsies it 's the only word i have for them . 
  i 'd want it to happen just so i could see the french throw a massive fit . 
  you would settle for * greyskin * ? 
  `` nationalism is an infantile disease . 
  it is the measles of mankind '', 
  propably because most people are ignorant of the internal workings of the us and only the it as a whole and they fear that their country/national identity/culture would disappear underneath an european blanket . 
  i 've felt i had more in common with every european i 've met than i thought i would have . 
  i had an italian dude living with me for a while . 
  he was like a long lost cousin . 
  i thought gypsies was the word for gypsies . 
  language is so confusing . 
  the shortest is any of the single letter ones . 
  the longest is definitely `` arroz '' . 
  starts with a and ends with z. 
  i found it easy to use despite the touch base design . 
  to each his own i guess . 
  it 's a problem of mind-set , not simple ignorance of geography . 
  i know a lot of people that do n't see themselves as european at all . 
  and i do n't know how one would change their mind . 
  my biggest concern is that a european history would overlook certain small countries histories , particularly if their origins are only of local interest . 
  take portugal , for example . 
  we were born of the reconquista and telling the spanish to fuck off . 
  this is n't relevant at all to anyone outside the iberian peninsula . 
  and every country has small stories relevant only to themselves that define their national identity what would happen to those ? 
  one of the few things the portuguese have to be proud of is our past . 
  you take that away people will be upset . 
  there again the portuguese are one of the most passive , `` it is what it is '' , people on the planet . 
  it 's close enough ? 
  see windows 8 . 
  people hated the new ui for no other reason other than it being different from what they were used to . 
  die quickly in nuclear fire or rot away in a shit filled trench with the rotting bodies of your friends at your feet . 
  worse is relative . 
  those guarantee there never will be anything like wwii ever again .
