it 's just a petty regionalistic insult . 
  do n't think too much about it lol . 
  especially people in lisbon . 
  we northerners call everyone that lives below coimbra moors . 
  because when portugal was founded everything below that area was moorish territory . 
   moors vs the portuguese ftfy, 
  did n't humans originally come from africa ? 
  does n't that make us all african-something ? 
  this is why the `` african-something '' designation is ridiculous . 
  a thousand times this . 
  you can also make a lot more money from weapons by selling them rather than using them . 
  they have more bycicles to steal . 
  i 'd thank you but systems administration is a thankless job . 
  they truly are nuestros hermanos . 
  16th century high heels probably look like italy . 
  but the whole poland into space joke started in one of the early eu games . 
  there is a lack of `` cheese eating surrender-monkeys '' on this thread ( this is now fixed ) . 
  owned most of north africa at some point . 
  allways blobs into god mode in europa universalis . 
  hate the english , although that feeling is mutual . 
  napoleon had to invade portugal 3 times to truly defeat us . 
  still lost when the brits decided to send wellington . 
  you ca n't integrate a group of people that do n't want to be integrated . 
  but you can give them room to run their own society . 
  my coutry has a lot of deserted villages in the interior and a lot of gypsies living in social neighbourhoods or shanty towns . 
  we should take the gypsies living in these places and repopulate the countryside . 
  they get to live in their own society and everyone else gets to live in their own . 
  have n't you had enough of them ? 
  corelation does n't equal causation . 
  the hundred years war lives on eh ? 
  just make sure it 's the last thing . 
  your heart wo n't take it . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmnshtjcyh8 here 's the complete version . 
  well militarily at least . 
  the roman legionaire was created to defeat the phalanx/hoplite . 
   ~ ~ copied ~ ~ improved by the romans ; ftfy, 
  sorry i do not know the full details of the finding . 
  all i know is that they rulled the law unconstitutional . 
  but that has n't stopped the government from going over the constitutional court 's head before and having the law aproved anyways . 
  the thing is that other than not showing up for work a civil servant can not be firered . 
  and portugal has way too many civil servants , far more than what it needs , so some need to be let go . 
   whatever floats your goat are floating goats a belgic tradition i know nothing about ? 
  i was hungry already !, 
  thanks a lot bavarian !, 
  no one says no to free food : /, 
  technically it 's not the highest court . 
  that would be the supreme court . 
  this court is the constitutional court who 's only job is to evaluate the constitutionality of new laws . 
  nothing cool like this ever happens in my country = /, 
  or bifes , as in pieces of delicious cow-meat . 
  probably because of the beef-eaters ... 
  actually there 's a trade surplus because there 's no money to import anything . 
  exports have n't increased significantly at all . 
  could n't we purpose build a city to be europe 's capital ? 
   it 's going to take a long , long time and a hell of a lot of money to rebuild syria when all this is finished . 
  * the cheney stirrs . 
  that mentality worked wonders for the league of nations . 
  never atribute to malice what may be adequatly explained by ignorance . 
  or gross incompetece in this case . 
  a\u00e7ores : they speak arabic . 
  we mainlanders ca n't understand a word they say . 
  madeira : corrupt as fuck . 
  love to spend our money on expensive parites and re-electing a virtual dictator for decades . 
  why would the us want to do anything that jeopardizes their hegemony over western world ? 
  it would be akin to the roman empire pulling out of britain . 
  dude , you know nothing of eu money wasting . 
  like building 3 paralel highways that sit empty , or investing in other unecessary infrastructure while the necessary bits sit in disrepair because you ca n't make corrupt contracts over them . 
  in portugal we have a kneedrome in f\u00e1tima , it 's like a race track for people that want to go kneeling arround the place . 
  not really . 
  we already pushed their shit in every time we fought them pretty much . 
  they know we ai n't nothing to fuck with . 
  i love watching you nords bash each other . 
  it 's the reason i come to / r/europe so often . 
  history shows portuguese military prowess is not to be underestimated . 
  [ joaquim de almeida is a bad bad man . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uehy4f19z2o ), 
  if all you know of portuguese history is what you learned in school then it 's no suprise . 
  it 's super editorialized to make portugal look like the greatest country ever . 
  that 's because no one understands their messed up language . 
  it 's more the latter . 
  people in cities are usually more open minded than in the rural interior . 
  but that 's pretty standard for most countries i believe . 
  joaquim de almeida also played the bad guy in one of the fast and furious movies . 
  so is the summer if you do n't have ac . 
  it 's scorching suffocating heat . 
  sugestion : replace the short version of the national anthem you have there with the [ complete version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmnshtjcyh8 ) . 
  how about ... 
  the european union ? 
   obviously no brits want to join the euro . 
  are you sure ? 
  we could ask . 
  a referendum perhaps . 
  honestly it 's time the uk commits to the eu fully or gets out . 
  yeah it would suck if you guys started colaborating with this union you are supposedly a part of . 
  because a lot of europe 's trade is internal . 
  if , for example , portugal was n't such a bad country and it 's people had more disposable income , then we could buy more stuff made in france , germany and the uk , and thus those countries would profit . 
  sovereignty is over-rate imo . 
  i 'd rather be living under a more rich , fairly balanced , more centralizes europe than in shitty , corrupt , never getting better independent portugal . 
  independence is all well and good but you ca n't eat independence and independence is no roof to shield you from the elements . 
  ouch .
