that 's not an euphemism , that 's litterally what 's being sold here . 
  if you think in terms of arms , you 've got a country with no global and little regional ambitions buying weapons of little use in domestic repression . 
  it makes no sense . 
  he would be better off buying lower grade ground weapons . 
  but if you look at it in terms of a country sponsoring workers and arms industries from another , more powerful country , with a global voice and decent military power , it totally makes sense . 
  they 're buying a big , powerful friend . 
  the boats may rot , neither side cares . 
   why does egypt even need these ships ? 
  are they buying ships ? 
  i do n't see ships . 
  i see big , floating tokens of gratitude . 
   bravely selling arms to a violent despot . 
  you completely miss the deal here . 
  we do n't sell arms , we sell influence . 
  usually people can think without articulating . 
  also , this law is banning public speech . 
  you wo n't get condemned for saying stupid things , you will for saying stupid things in the press , or while addressing crowds , or writing it on walls , etc. 
   free speech is more precious than any of their feelings ... yet libel is prohibited in most countries . 
  it takes a special kind of `` smart '' to pass comparing your neighbors to the nazis as a speech of tolerance . 
   whatever the outcome , i feel like this trial will make them only more popular . 
  far right members are condemned on a regular basis under this law , this should be nothing groundbreaking . 
   has section 24 of the french press law ever led to a french muslim being charged for incitement to racial discrimination , hatred , or violence on the basis of one 's origin or membership ( or non-membership ) in an ethic , national , racial , or religious group ? 
  if we omit that this is blatant whataboutism , yes , muslims have been condemned under this law . 
   but this goes too far . 
  how ? 
  this law is enforced in such a way that it 's almost only people that give opinions for a living that are condemned under this law . 
  mlp is certainly no exception ; if such a law ought to exist , she is certainly the core target . 
  as for whether the law should exist or not ; to my knowledge , there are laws in the us restricting freedom of speech , in order to avoid libel or slander . 
  this law is very similar : it restricts freedom of speech to avoid a behaviour deemed unproductive and dangerous for society . 
  to my knowledge , french guyana never had this question , mostly because most of its local population died as a consequence of the gold rush in the early xxth century . 
  to this day , there are 9000 amerindians , back from less than 1500 in the early 20th century . 
  is this the racist stereotypes infographic ? 
   would france be a donor or a receiver in this scheme ? 
  everyone stands to win from a working economy . 
  and fyi , france has always been one of the big net givers in eu budgets . 
   they went to the same obligatory public schools as those who managed nope . 
  get a look at the difference between schools in these ghettos and schools in the better public areas . 
  then get a look at the rapid growth of private sector education , because the public sector is being abandoned . 
  we 're definitely having a tiered education . 
  throwing millions at problems do n't solve them . 
  trying to solve problems may cost millions , but we would have to try first . 
  we hide our comfortable chairs away from tourists . 
   but apparently if you start a company and fail in europe you still have to pay your investors back and you will a very hard time finding a new job . 
  it 's not true . 
  proper split between personal finance and companies is possible and the norm in it industries . 
  we 're talking about an idea that generated millions of deaths . 
  basically , the way nazis suppressed dissent , at home and abroad was to kill dissenters , kill their families and kill relatives . 
  when someone messed with them , they would just round up random people and execute them . 
  hell , they randomly murdered entire villages just because they could . 
  germany made sure that its population is educated about these things . 
  and yet , people decide to be nazis . 
  and - how surprising - these people decide to start gangs and randomly murder immigrants ; take over villages , scare their inhabitants and transform them into shrines to the glory of mass-murder . 
  what more do we need to act ? 
  sure you ca n't kill the idea , but i think germany has made everything it could to warn its population against it . 
  that means , in my opinion , that the people that still decide to go down that road should be treated as the criminals they are . 
  and imo , destroying a monument to genocide and imposing controls on the perpetrators similar to the ones levied on e.g. 
  hooligans is a very soft answer to this kind of behaviour . 
  is this good for the russian bride market ? 
  haha , so lame . 
  for 300k $ , i can buy a chanel cardboard house . 
   those people as they are . 
  it 's lack of education and perspective . 
  nobody cares for small villages like that . 
  as long as you do n't solve the issues at hand you 'll always have some of these idiots in rural areas . 
  it 's the same in every country , i think . 
  pretty sure it 's not a village of locals who do n't understand the world . . people move in there to join their radicalized friends . 
   jamel has about 35 inhabitants . 
  expropriate them , raze the place and make sure they ca n't relocate together then . 
  translation : `` we 're looking to start an economic war and destroy what little remains of the eu . '', 
  you 're mad because you ca n't admit we made your specialty better : o. 
  you should stick to seafood , you 're good at this . 
  they 're alive , but totally unable to benefit from attacking their neighbours . 
  the best they can do is threats and negociations . 
  i think the idea is the same with russians from the european pov : they ca n't and would n't start a military conflict with russia , they ca n't convince the population to be more friendly because the oligarchy made sure outside propaganda does n't reach them , so the only solution is to make sure that the government has limited power . 
  military stuff was also domestically produced back in the 80 's , but stupidly following the us in the arms race crashed the ussr ' economy . 
  i would say making an example is a secondary goal . 
  the main goal being to make russia unable to consistently spend money on things such as missiles , guns , tanks and all that stuff that 's consumed in wars . 
  if they hate us but can barely afford sticks and stones , it 's not that big of a problem . 
   not everyone has to eat at a set time , wtf ? 
  and not everyone has to eat in a restaurant . 
  as it happens , people in france eat mainly at said hours . 
  if you add 1/2 hours before and after service to set up and clean , that 's a day of work . 
  people that are off that target usually go to * boulangeries * or other kind of eateries , which are open at that hour and usually have sandwitches and tons of cakes / * viennoiseries * . 
   and let me get this straight , restaurants do n't serve food at certain hours or what ? 
  what the hell is a `` closed kitchen '' ? 
  closed kitchen means , in bars/restaurants , that while the bar is open , the kitchen people are gone . 
  this happens because bars are open all day long , but no one is going to ask for a service ar 17h so it 's stupid to keep cooks on retainer . 
  in a restaurant-only place , the place will simply be closed . 
   it just really left me wondering , i have n't seen anything like it elsewhere . 
  if you 're sitting across them , it may be that they are simply looking ahead . 
  but it 's true that the metro in paris can be distressing to women , according to some of my woman friends . 
  it would be time to make a best-of of all the english commenters saying this was n't britain 's problem on the calais mayor thread . 
  we could pair it with this article , and send it to the leaders of all those european countries that refuse to consider common issues because they do n't have external borders . 
  were we to invest to make it an agricultural powerhouse ( as is the us for instance ) , i doubt they would retain their quality . 
  wherever it happened , industrial food production has been riddled with health scandals , overuse of natural ressources , pollution , etc. 
  promoting short distribution circuits helps not only with transport-induced pollution , but also with tra\u00e7ability of food , accountability of producers towards their clients , etc. 
  also lowcost food does n't mean third world countries : for major examples , i would have thought about countries like the us or the uk first ( remember the creutzfeld-jakob episode ? 
   yeah , and people will buy products from the manufacturer with the best quality and price . 
  then for others to compete they will have to improve their product etc. 
  might take some time but that 's how it works .
