   by closing off one of germany 's fronts and by that , you mean their only front . 
   it meant their next target would have to take a larger share of the war effort . 
  at that time , the ussr was 1 year from being attacked by germany ( with whom they had just allied by the way ) , the us were still longer from being attacked by the japanese and the british had packed their men and left france , and 4 years would pass before they set foot there again . 
  if you look at the cost of resisting nazi germany for the soviet , and apply it to france , it had neither the room for burned ground policies , nor the manpower ( we 're talking about a number of military casualties greater than the french male population and 62 % of the total population killed , also more than 100 % of the remaining population wounded ) to fight such a war . 
  also , of course , a staggering amount of men had already died , huge material loss ; their line was dislocated ; they had no foreseeable ally ; the fighting was gon na take place anywhere in the heart of their country ( we 're talking about an industrial war where most of their production happened in mainland ) ; civilian refugees were on every road ; and to top it all , we 're talking about a population that had one in five able men killed or wounded in the last war , in better conditions . 
  hence my question question : with no one left to help or be helped , and the pespective of the country 's final annihilation , how exactly was france supposed to react ? 
  maybe you would like to provide context by stating where you come from ? 
   if anything you value french blood over all the nations germany went onto invade . 
  if anything , the sacrifice you feel entitled to was greater than anything another warring nation suffered in that conflict . 
  maybe you would like to provide context by stating where you come from ? 
  hold out for what ? 
  at that time , the ussr was 1 year from , being attacked by germany , the us were still longer from being attacked by the japanese and the british had packed their men and left france , and 4 years would pass before they set foot on the continent again . 
  and that 's assuming the guys would have had any way to know these new allies were coming . 
  what they knew was 1 ) they had lost a staggering amount of men , material ; their line was dislocated ; they had no foreseeable ally ; the fighting was gon na take place anywhere in the heart of their country ( we 're talking about an industrial war where most of their production happened in mainland ) ; civilian refugees were on every road ; and to top it all , we 're talking about a population that had one in five able men killed or wounded in the last war , in better conditions . 
  if you look at the cost of resistance for the soviet , and apply it to france , it had neither the room for burned ground policies , nor the manpower ( we 're talking about a number of military casualties greater than the male population in age to take arms and more than half of the total population killed ) to fight such a war . 
   ... you 're very generous of other people 's blood . 
  actually , the guy which said that called it a 20-year truce because he thought the treaty was n't hammering the germans enough . 
  do you mean a specific regulation tailor-made for uber so they can keep trucking ? 
  no , i 'm not a fan of tailor-made regulation , especially for companies whose business model is violating the law and see what sticks . 
  fraudsters getting caught also face penalties . 
  it 's quite normal that , when uber gets caught , they get the same treatment . 
   seriously ? 
  why on earth would those be necessary ? 
  because uber is facing a class action in the us for [ allegedly cheating on the fares ] ( https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2017/04/uber-said-to-use-sophisticated-software-to-defraud-drivers-passengers/ ) ? 
  according to your link , the reason italy is so low in the ranking is the mafia . 
  the reason hungary is there too , is orban . 
   the eu may get a lot of things ` right ' that the us does n't , depending heavily on your political leanings , but on any objective measure of superiority the eu has a long way to go . 
   are pretty much open or at least they are towards internet polls . 
  in fact , she was actually overestimated in the last local polls are already corrected for this since 2002 . 
   ther two are lefter so are fighting over the same voter base so only one of them will get enough votes to get in the top 2 fillon is the traditional right wing option ( and quite to the right of his party at that ) . 
  le pen is considered far right in france , and that 's why she 's not considered to have a chance in the second round . 
   war memorials generally commemorate people that died . 
  that 's what military cemeteries are for . 
  the article ( which i 'm sure you read ) specifically quotes polish politicians as saying memorials in military cemeteries wo n't be touched . 
   or maybe someone has gathered the publicly available data and made a likely prediction . 
  your statistics game is weak , then . 
  would you have said that the uk was an incredibly dangerous country threatened by radicalization back in 2005 ? 
  madrid in 2004 ? 
  norway in 2011 ? 
  the fact is , there have been attacks in all of europe as of late . 
  pointing france as especially at risk among european countries based on this data is a misunderstanding of how stats work . 
  someone has been listening to too much american alt-right sources . 
   i guess it 's the dawn of european prosperity . 
  the person you answered to ( rightly ) points out that europe still prospers mightily ( and of all european countries , germany ) . 
  the problem is that inequality grows even faster . 
  the rich-getting-richer point is an intra-country point . 
  you may argue that it 's ok to have a small dip in order to lift other countries out of poverty , but that weight should n't be fully supported by the rich countries ' poor , then . 
   sorry but there is 0 source for this because its patently false . 
  man , i gave you link to the law that restricts the right most foreigner has to access israeli citizenship through marriage , specifically for palestinians . 
   the knesset itself has muslim arab members and muslim arabs live peacefully at all levels of government and israeli society . 
  israeli arabs are not palestinians , in the very israeli law . 
   why are n't there jews in the palestinian authority legislative council as there are in the knesset ? 
  because the jewish colonists that live in the territories are not under the jurisdiction of the ap ? 
  because the ap judiciary , police force or tax system does n't apply to them , specifically because they refuse to ? 
  honestly , i do n't know what to answer . 
  i provided you with links asserting that israel institutionalizes discrimination , go out of their way to make sure they have a palestinian-free state ; that their current pm knowingly destroyed peace construction attempts by his predecessor ( which was murdered by an israeli far-right nationalist ) . 
  and yet all the blame you have spelled in this discussion is aimed exclusively at palestinians , with little documented evidence to support your views . 
  what am i supposed to answer ? 
  that leaves them with the two-state solution , which they also refuse . 
  i doubt we will see any move towards peace as long as bibi will be at the head of state , given his history of duplicity and unfaithfulness . 
  his lip-service to obama 's action in his bar ilan speech was a good exemple of him not being a honest partner . 
  therefore , there is no way to take rivlin seriously . 
   it 's unfortunate there even has to be a distinction . 
  as explained in the link i gave , this distinction goes further than choosing the one-state solution . 
  israel goes out of its way to distinguish palestinians , by disallowing rights they recognize to most foreigner . 
  as for the realistic nature of the one-state solution , israel currently has all the keys to choose between the one-state and the two-state solution . 
  the problem , currently , is they choose neither and run the territories in an appalling fashion . 
   its a hot potato that no one wants to hold . 
  palestinians may have held it themselves , if [ bibi had n't decided to ruin the oslo accords ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/benjamin_netanyahu#oslo_accords ) . 
  you quote the responsibility of palestinians in that matter , but they did n't kill rabin , and they did n't elect the israeli government that pledged to kill the deal . 
   the palestinian organizations have also demonstrated an inability to clamp down on extremism and hate . 
  with little power , comes little responsibility . 
   he should know the type of talk might not be seen favorable by any of the cee countries where the markets are flooded with western companies sending their profits back home . 
  did you mean back to ireland ? 
  but to be honest , macron probably does n't mind this part of europe . 
   palestinians are allowed to live in israel there is , afaik , no will from israeli government to move to a one-state solution . 
  the arabs that live in israel are israeli , not palestinians . 
  the [ israeli law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citizenship_and_entry_into_israel_law ) makes inhabitants of the west bank and gaza strip ineligible for the automatic granting of israeli citizenship and residency permits that are usually available through marriage to an israeli citizen this , of course , disregarding the fact that colonies are done without the ap oversight , and the source of political strain on both communities . 
  i would agree with that , singapore used the cards they had pretty nicely . 
  but they 're in trade/finance , not tech . 
  i hear no more from singapore on the tech horizon than i do from any place with financial activity , tbh . 
  lol , sneaking singapore in the list like that - nice try . 
   his social policies are clearly 100 % progressive though . 
  i feel we must make a difference between social policies ( welfare , health system , education ) and societal policies ( the way we treat people that minorities ) . 
  macron is certainly progressive when it comes to societal reforms , but his social policies are certainly not progressive . 
   the usa can take of itself for self defense why does it need europe ? 
  i would say in large part as a guaranted market for military equipment ? 
  i 'm sure you 're going to make a success out of it ... 
  ivan lopez van der veen , a representative of cepesca , the largest spanish fishing association , said : `` if you do n't want to pay 30 per cent tariffs [ on uk fish coming into the eu ] -- which is what the world trade organisation sets -- you will have to negotiate . 
  that negotiation should be completely tied to access to uk waters . '' [ source ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/958c7e28-0f1c-11e7-b030-768954394623?mhq5j=e1 ), 
  are you an uk fisherman ? 
  do you really believe your country is gon na lift one finger for you , after what happened in the last few decades ? 
  your fishing rights were sold by your own politicians once , what makes you think your political interests wo n't be ignored again at the bargaining table ? 
  do you realize that 70 % of the fish caught in the uk is exported to europe ? 
  in an industry which is already weakened , wto-grade tariff would be very bad news . 
  it 's already true for foreign workers . 
   so being at the mercy of german companies is a good thing now ? 
  do you think the german public at large owns german companies ? 
  germans were at the mercy of german companies , before they decided to move east . 
  i do n't think anyone claims that the 100 years war was a dark episode in the us-france relationship .
