  unless there 's a monopoly situation going on . 
  everyone knows economic `` laws '' are science . 
  they 're as solid as gravity ~ ~ . 
  currently it 'd take convincing to show that bust is n't the best of these options . 
   there only way france can get in on the usa car market there is more to international trade than just cars , and there is more to foreign markets than just the us . 
  we 've seen quite a lot of new trade since the eurusd went lower . 
  also oil went cheaper at the same time , so we are n't suffering too much from the energy bill . 
  what i 'm saying is that countries leaving the eurozone ( or just facing economic weaknesses ) harms their ability to buy from their trade partners . 
  a strong euro does n't harm germany ( in fact , it 's good for them ) , but e.g. 
  neighbouring france has had trouble with exporting its goods because of euro 's strength . 
  and weakened trade partners may catch up with germany in the end . 
  his point is that germany sinking its first trade partners ( and yes , eurozone countries are collectively the first trade partner for germany ) does n't look like a good long-term move . 
  monetary policy is one of the things that is adapted to german needs , byt ill-advised for other countries , including peripheral countries . 
   many industries benefit from a stronger euro quite a bit because energy and raw-materials get cheaper , since almost everything has to be imported . 
  case in point : many companies from other european countries would benefit from a weaker eurusd parity to export . 
  that 's the problem with a common currency that is tailored to benefit one country . 
   they wont . 
  germany didnt have a problem exporting before 2008 . 
  the introduction of the euro is quite correlated to a significant progression in trade balance . 
   now i am going to imagine all french presidents announcing policy decisions in this metaphorical manner . 
  ... well , since it 's a translation , you can imagine all political french-english translators using that style . 
   those french companies seems to underperform since france has a constant trade deficit since 2004 . 
   there is a reason why we dont hear france . 
  let 's see what happens with a better eurusd parity now . 
   you make it seem like any criticism of greek or portuguese policy , or behaviour , or ideas , is due to racism . 
  just look the comments on the cartoon threads as an example . 
  the lazy southerner , the arrogant french , the un-humorous german , etc. 
  are frequent stereotypes , and their use tends to show that it 's not only a joke ( or , as the simpson put it , that [ `` it 's funny ` coz it 's true '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dyje57v_by ) ) these messages are the visible stigma of the description of a people through stereotypes . 
  and naturally , when more serious topics arise , it becomes hard to ignore these joke-stereotypes and the underlying prejudice . 
   even when someone says that greeks are lazy , it 's still a far cry from racism . 
  the racist part is n't to criticise `` the greek ideas or behaviour '' , it 's to think that there is such thing as behaviour , or ideas that are inherently greek or portuguese . 
  or rather , to forget to think that there is no such thing . 
  these thoughts hinder the desire to understand why a country has social traits , and hide it under the rug of `` meh , they 're like that '' . 
  and it 's truly harmful to the spirit of harmonization and cooperation between us europeans . 
  even though , once in a while , the pun is good , overall , it 's terribly detrimental to discussions . 
  to be fair , the guy had been released 6 months ago . 
  of course , if he decides to get back to the game ... 
  thanks for addressing the rampant stereotypes and covert racism on this board . 
  i wish there was less of this , and more of the spirit of cooperation and curiosity that we need . 
   rants coming from a person whose country received tremendous help when it needed it 20 years ago but will claim it 's better now only because of hard work and self-help . 
   so whenever i hear or read ode to joy , the words `` bethoven 's nine-th part 4 '' just go trough my head . 
  prelude !, 
  will you ever remember prelude !, 
  ( hope i helped you remember your psychopathic teacher :p ), 
  they were n't arrested for working without a licence , though , but for setting up a black-market of illegal work . 
  also for not respecting the laws on cilents ' rights regarding data protection . 
   even been charged and they can spend 48h behind bars , be subject to humiliating searches , spend a night in a cell in awful conditions - this is punishment without judgment , and even though the criteria in france for allowing this are very lax , they do require that it is necessary and the only way to find the truth or a few other reasons . 
  but this case that 's a common tool for judicial process in france , and there 's a similar option , i 'd bet , pretty much everywhere else . 
  i do n't know why you think that white-collar offenders should be subjected to a different , more cozy kind of justice , in that case they 're subject to the very same procedure that anyone accused can be subjected to ; the process is ordered by a judge and the suspects can benefit from an attorney for the whole custody . 
  the custody is part of the inquiry process , actually they 're detained for 24-48h max to be questioned . 
   sounds reasonable . 
  do you think the state will use this wedge to outlaw uber & co ? 
  uberpop is already outlawed atm . 
  they 're trying to force their way through by lawyering and lobbying as well as by maintaining their service up even though it 's forbidden , but apparently they 're failing , and that 's why their execs are in custody . 
  it does n't respect our national culture , and sarkozy said our refugees have to adapt to our national culture . 
  camembert !, 
  love it or leave it !, 
  ( and on the serious topic , let 's just say it 's not a memorable cheese ), 
  arguably , no . 
  i feel like i lost you somewhere . 
  i 'm not saying russians do n't feel threatened , or that they do n't strive to be free from outter influence . 
  i 'm saying that pretty much everyone does the same , and that it 's hard to reconcile it with everyone 's desire to influence others . 
  my point was , applied to napoleon , taking into account these two fundamental drives , you ca n't make moral judgements on a single historical fact , such as who is responsible of moscow 's sack . 
  either both parties are responsible for not reaching an agreement to compete in a peaceful fashion , or both parties are right to try to expand their influence . 
  i think his point is that sarko has had 5 years to implement his changes ( plus his years as economy minister ) and that he did nothing . 
  oh the other hand , the `` leftist '' parti socialiste has done more to tilt france towards anglo-saxon model that any right-leaning government for a while . 
  our right-leaning leaders are crooks . 
   you know i think they do n't . 
  there is more to independence than just having political power in your country . 
  it is also political ideas , different values , religion , whatever . 
  now you 're mixing two things . 
  the will to be independent is one thing , and the set of values you associate with your country is another thing . 
  what i 'm saying is that most european countries have had independentist drives associated with whatever their identity was : french rebellion against their french-from-england monarch , flanders rebellions against france , french resistance against european monarchies , italian rebelion against austria , spanish resistance against napoleon , etc. . . 
  there 's plenty of this in the european history , and russia is no exception . 
  you 're saying russia is different from other countries , but their position on that matter is very similar to many rebellions against foreign authorities . 
   yes i know that , but this is n't a `` quality '' of people or a mentality , it is rather a common ambition of russian leaders and as you said common to the west as well . 
  yep , and it does n't mesh very well with the point you made just before ... look at the situation in ukraine , for instance . 
  could n't you say that ukrainians have the will to govern themselves , with moscow fighting against it ? 
  it 's an behaviour you 'll find in every leader , in my opinion ; the will to be free , associated with the will to rule others . 
  can you blame the sack of moscow on the russians ? 
  probably not . 
  they were just defending themselves . 
  can you blame it on napoleon ? 
  maybe . 
  but then how do you reconcile that with the fact that russian leaders and napoleon had the exact same mindsets , and the exact same desires ? 
   that is the true russian nature , they want to be the people in charge of their own land , they always invested great sacrifice to have that , and the west does n't comprehend this . 
  2 points : 1 ) most western-europe powers understand that very well , we could discuss it at length , but you 'll find elements of the very same stuff in litterally every country from western europe . 
  so much for the `` unique snowflake '' mentality . 
  2 ) russians ( and for that sake , most western european countries too ) do n't want/expect to rule themselves , but also neighbours . 
  that 's the trademark of empires . 
  and to illustrate this with the napoleon theme , guess which country was part of many coalitions , including the first , to restore monarchy in france ? 
  that 's right , russia . 
  and as far as i know , no one blames the russians ( or the british , or several other empires ) for forcing napoleon do do all kinds of silly stuff . 
  other countries manage to have women working and decent birth rate . 
  but that has an economic cost . 
   a better option would be to tell the french and british to not be so harsh on germany after wwi . 
  might be able to avoid wwii that way . 
  no way this could have happened . 
  basically , france was the country that suffered the most from the war : 1/4th of the men in age of working dead of crippled , 7 % of the metropolitan surface destroyed to the point that it could n't support human activity , economic losses similar or higher than other belligerents , and massive debts to the us that they had to repay . 
  on the other hand , while germany had many casualties , their land and industrial areas were left untouched .
