  that 's why the french were not ready to hear about concessions : sacrificing everything to win a war , only to be the de-facto losers was n't an option . 
  had the french had their way , there would probably not have been a second world war , but only because they would have made sure to crush germany beyond recovery . 
  the state of germany , hit by economic turmoil yet able to recover and prepare the next war was a result of the struggle between the us and the french over how to handle germany . 
  who 's counterpart to germany ? 
  currently , the uk has jeopardized their influence in the eu with their non-stop talks about brexit and france 's influence has dwindled due to a combination of poor economic performance and lack of political involvement in the eu . 
  the european institution employees ' nationalities have also massively shifted away from the french , mostly in favor of germans . 
  i do n't mind france having less power , but historically , the eu has thrived on two things : the absence of a single leader , and the willingness of the core countries to collaborate rather than compete . 
  without the emergence of new strong voices in the eu , we 're going to face trouble in the future . 
   the french did n't want us in and they want us out . 
  well , i doubt the french would cry a lot seeing brexit . 
  but that 's not something they actively want . 
  on the other hand , you will have trouble finding french people willing to put through another decade of bitching from the uk about whether-we 're - going-to-exit-if-you-don ` t-give-us-something . 
  what are we , a fucking union of sovereign nations , or a diva contest ? 
  well it 's a bit sad to celebrate landmarks of intra-european disorder using the money that was supposed to bring us all together . 
  i 'm pretty sure every country in europe has victories to celebrate over every other country ; i 'm not sure euros should be used to do so . 
  of the basic euro coins ( no commemorative editions ) , my favourite is probably the irish coin with the harp . 
  yeah , the romanesque collection of the mnac is a must see for people visiting barcelona . 
   the definition of ` direct election ' is a bit unclear and , as someone stated in this thread , is object to translation inaccuracies . 
  this and , in the case of france , every other election ( president , mps , city mayor , regions ) save the senators is people voting for a candidate . 
  so in fact , meps election is an exception and it is actually less direct than most others . 
  question 2 is debatable since not every country has the same voting system . 
   e the right to vote , and during the past year , 2 % - point or 1,2 million frenchmen forgot that they have the right to vote . 
  people in france do n't directly vote for candidates to the elections . 
  they vote for regional lists . 
  that makes the system a bit shady , and while some may know who the head of list is , most people actually do n't know who they elect because they vote for a party , not a mep . 
  this is significantly different from other elections where french people * actually * directly vote for the candidates . 
  because we do n't directly elect our meps , we vote for regional lists . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elections_to_the_european_parliament#country_by_country dumb question gets dumb answer . 
  we never `` fixed '' them . 
  france just made its demographic transition ( high drop in child death , with the drop in birthrate coming later on ) earlier on than other euro countries . 
  that 's why we were so many in early 1800 and that 's why other countries managed to catch up later on . 
  it 's completely unrelated to europe 's demographic evolution from the second part of xxth century till today . 
  he certainly was right to treat you like that if you asked for a * chocolatine * . 
  do note that you do n't necessarily have to have women at home to have kids . 
  in france , for instance , women manage to have both a career and kids . 
  but that has a cost in social benefits and work regulation , which germans indeed do n't seem ready to pay . 
   or , if britain does n't want to change , we 'd have to make a regulation that in all contracts the country of the customer has always jurisdiction . 
  that is , in a nutshell , the current state of affairs . 
   though cultural integration projects like erasmus , in addition to migration due to freedom of labour , goods , services , and capital . 
  if these programmes were expanded and went on long enough , europe may become sufficiently culturally united to form a federal state . 
  schengen is a core feature of this plan tho . 
  borders are defined between states , not people . 
  it 's only logical that people should be as free to travel europe as goods are , if not more . 
  also your opinion does n't really go well with cameron 's will to restrict uk 's benefits to migrants in their first years . 
  btw , how much of these benefits are given to e.g. 
  erasmus students ? 
   i do n't think it would be entirely unappropriate even though your example is a bit silly . 
  but consider something like slavery , would n't it be appropriate to punish companies that use it no matter the jurisdiction ? 
  i am totally open to discussing about international political activism , and i actually believe it 'd be nice to see slightly more universalism when it comes to human rights as well as human welfare , but courts are neither designed , nor entitled to do so . 
  that 's the role of foreign policy . 
  my argument , however , is about the judicial system , and especially jurisdiction . 
  the argument made by op 's subject , in general , is that the us judicial system , by its mechanics ( elections make it attractive for judges to punish people that do n't vote for them , and the plea bargain system in a system with very unpredictable trial outcomes makes it so the pursuit of truth is often sidetracked , in favor of the pursuit of a bargain ) , is a competitive advantage for the us economy , so much so , that several european high profile politicians have pleaded for a judicial system reciprocating against us interests in europe . 
  this would be bad for everyone , because this would merely mean the justice system has been transformed into a trade war tool . 
   similarly , should we really rely on swiss law enforcement to prevent financial crimes ? 
  advocating for the devil , here , why not ? 
  consider the alternative : should every country in the world start piling up fines against every american bank for provoking the 2008 crisis ? 
  the main consequence of such a move would probably be that companies can no longer be multinational , and result in harder foreign economic policies . 
  so do you agree that any country can punish any company , provided 1 ) the company has assets in that country and 2 ) the company did not comply with the country 's law anywhere in the world , even if that something was legal where it was done ? 
  that would open ground for some ridiculous trials , such as , for instance , france fining us companies for hiring us workers on us ground without respecting the french work code . 
  the only limit for this would merely be how much leverage the country has on the company . 
  effectively , that would be racket based on the attractiveness of the country 's market . 
   the fine was against the bank 's us subsidiary which is subject to us law . 
  the bank broke those laws and pleaded guilty in a us court . 
  the us subsidiary was not involved in the dealings , though . 
  it was a swiss subsidiary that made the deals . 
  the us court attacked the us subsidiary because it was the one having assets in the us , and the bank paid because there was no point fighting under the us judicial system ( actually , i find it quite annoying that so many us investigations end with plea bargains , that makes it hard to decide whether the deal was taken because of guilt or to avoid risk ) . 
  do us firms operating in france need to respect the french work code for their us employees ? 
   indeed the euro works in the same way . 
  if mexico and chad make a deal and the payment is in euro 's it then involves the european union into the matter legally as the backer of the currency . 
  there is no precedent of this involving other large currencies , afaik . 
   the fine was partially over the bank helping violate sanctions against iran . 
  the purpose of sanctions against iran was to stop them from getting nuclear weapons . 
  how the fuck can you side with people who help nuclear proliferation ? 
  the deals were done in switzerland . 
  neither france , nor the swiss had sanctions in place that would make these deals illegal . 
  the us mainly decided they were competent because the deal was labelled in dollars . 
  the criticism was about whether making deals in dollars made us courts competent to punish the deal . 
  advertising for a movie telling us how barrack fucking obama got to shag his now wife is everywhere in our subway . 
  that 's why it 's always ironic to hear an american telling us that a handful of immigrants are reshaping our countries , and it 's a bad thing . 
  they may not let foreign pilots immigrate into their airspace ... 
   i presume the french had much better equipment and had the knowledge to put up a much more efficient defense then the meat grinder that the eastern front was . 
  yes the uk retreated but if the french army was willing im sure they would have supplied them from the sea with what they most needed . 
  how exactly ? 
  about half of the manpower was unavailable , which left remaining troops overwhelmed 2 to 1 . 
  at the time of surrender , the french air force was not operating anymore and the british air force was virtually unable to fly operations over france . 
  the french armies were split and unable to move effectively due to air support . 
  a significant share of the military industrial output was behind enemy lines . 
  paris had fallen . 
  what you 're saying is that the french should have kept on fighting a lost war , for no actionable result , and for the benefit of no one . 
  if that is not being liberal on other people 's blood , what is ? 
   not sure if french resistance would have sparked a much earlier us intervention - they defiantly would of cared more about french losses then soviet ones they would have cared about nothing ; they were neutral . 
  in fact , in both ww1 and ww2 , the united states did not intervene until directly attacked , and there 's no reason to think that germany would have made it happen . 
   first is it fair to apply soviet losses as accurate to what would happen to a french war effort ? 
  no , of course , because the french army would have been put out of operations much earlier . 
  i 'm simply comparing what it took to defeat germany and what france had . 
  there 's an order of magnitude between what was available and what was needed . 
   my point is how can you use that to hypothetically compare what a french defensive effort would look like ? 
  you 're overlooking the good parts : the soviet union had the population to support massive losses , it had managed to relocate a large part of its industry , it still had thousands of kilometers of potential retreat and germany effectively fought with a supply line long of several thousand kilometers while having to occupy france and most of the eastern territory they had captured , and fighting in north africa . 
   easily surrendering to the nazis easily surrendering , after suffering losses similar to those of the normandy campaign by the allies in 1944 , and closing the war with death counts similar to those of the us despite having less than a third of the population ? 
  make up fake quotes from european politicians .
