it was one of my favourites too !, 
  here ( in eu ) it was called tombi i think -- would still love to play it again !, 
  i loved dark cloud !, 
  so many memories ... hd version + original soundtrack, 
  i do n't know if there 's a better representation of an enderman ( when it comes to alt game art ) . 
  so clear and simple yet scary and mysterious ... 
  immediately recognised it 's from lbp !, 
  great job on the game ... i really liked the soundtrack but for some reason i thought there was just `` too much '' on the screen ... i did n't know what to do / which button to press but maybe it 's just me ... love the gameplay and idea though , and the fact that you did it all by yourself in one year is just mind-blowing , congrats !, 
  amazing game , loved the soundtrack and gameplay ( specially when rebuilding the villages ) , nothing like zelda tho ... 
  impressive , i want to embark on diy projects myself but i ca n't find the time nor do i have the skill lol ... anyway , amazing portal gun , keep it up !, 
  portal2 , journey , hard to choose between braid and limbo, 
  this looks very good , you should do more and use it for cosplays !, 
  i like the scenery , also clever `` story '' behind it ( kinda sad but funny ? 
  i only use it to play mini games ... but i saw `` cave '' had a profile so i made a comment, 
  was in the thread yesterday , here are some funny ones :, 
  mineraft, 
  a game where you have to steal as many rafts as possible , while people chase you shouting ` that 's mine !, 
  mine raft !!, 
  world o warcraft, 
  world of warcraft , but everyone is irish, 
  half lie, 
  it 's not the full truth !, 
  dad space . 
  living the life of a dad , in his own personal space . 
  ( this one killed me ), 
  eurotuck simulator, 
  like the regular tuck simulator games , but this time you run around europe and tuck in children . 
  moral combat, 
  you contemplate the sadness of war . 
  ak and dexter : weasel walking around with an ak 47 killing aliens . 
  killzoe 3, 
  the fourth game in the exciting series of tracking down and killing people called zoe, 
  hard ran, 
  all about running, 
  metal gear sold :, 
  it is your job to buy it back . 
  left or dead, 
  the entire game consists of 2 controls , left or right . 
  if you turn right , you die . 
  futurama fry !, 
  i also wan na know the plot for your story . 
  lately , i 've been honing my skills in concept art and digital graphics so i could maybe draw your caharacter / space / whatever ... also , how old are you and what inspires you ? 
  wow , it 's been a long time since i 've randomly heard a song so good on listentothis , great song with original style !, 
  so nostalgic but only now i realize how complex and stunning the soundtrack really was . 
  loved the game !, 
  hi , i love the art and feel to axle , is there like an intriguing storyline behind it ? 
   i 'd also like to know how you `` got together '' and made the game , what kept you going ? 
  i really like the limbo style of it , if you work some more on the movement ( run , jump ... ) you can make it awesome !, 
  may i ask what programs & language you use ? 
  yes !, 
  i think it 's a great idea and everyone should contribute !, 
  this text must 've brightened your day right and it was n't even 4:20  love some pre-noon , pre-school stonage, 
  also an atheist here , just read the tl : dr section and completely agree , life after death seems ( to me at least ) a made up story that will never happen imo . 
  fantasizing about death while high can really be a trip , just do n't forget to remember your thoughts , or write them down !, 
  the guy rocked in road trip !, 
  when you 're baked , you 'll experience a strong flow of imagination just by staring at a blank sheet of paper ... so pick a pen and enjoy the ride !, 
  following , hope that there will be some funny tweets and not spamming !, 
  ouuccch happens to me all the time , at least you had a laugh, 
  thanks , really looks magnificent !, 
  hahaa that 's a nice discovery with a clever name, 
  i meant before school lol, 
  that is true , getting stoned in the morning gets you higher + no red eyes ( compared in the afternoon or evening ) ... but it also makes me tired and non-productive, 
  this demo disc also introduced me to tekken series , tombi , spyro , tom raider 3 ( i think ? 
  ) ... ahh the memories , 
  get some indie games like : braid , limbo , journey, 
  i think it depends on the person really , some people ( even teenagers like 15 yrs . 
  old ) are aware of what effect the trees can have on you and your wallet and they know where the boundaries are . 
  it all comes down to when and how much you toke and what effect it has on your life . 
  thanks , it was delicious too !, 
  it 's ratchet !, 
  i used to play it on ps2 , and still do on ps3 when i find the time , awesome game also great soundtrack, 
  nice , this remake really stays true to medievil saga , lovin the clarinet / hornc / choir combo !, 
  this is bad , sorry ... vocals are off imo, 
  loving the sleek style but i 'm just wondering why the whole site is positioned to the left ... with wider screen , there 's a whole lot of white space to the right ( i guess for commercials ? ), 
  but still requires some getting-used-to . 
  fun fun !, 
  yes a custom message would be nice !, 
  i 've been wondering the same thing ... why to the left ?!!, 
  your theory is quite interesting , maybe it 's more soothing to the eye because you read left-right . . dunno tho, 
  am i the only one here who sees the potential ? 
  no , thank you !, 
  pretty nice start , maybe you should work on the header ( with fonts and colours ) ... also , may i ask how you embedded the twitter widget on the right hand side ? 
  invokes a special nostalgic feeling for me ... love the ost from xii , so ... emotional and sad, 
  my first of the series was xii so it 's on the top of my ff-favs list . 
  listen to the whole ost or better yet , play the game !, 
  here are some links you ought to find useful :, 
  hi , i think i 'm gon na try this ... but after ny when i get to my pc . 
  i make web and print design by default but i worked on mobile app ui and tablet ui ... here 's some of my work on [ 99designs ] ( http://99designs.com/users/348050 ) and a small [ elance portfolio ] ( https://www.elance.com/samples/kideo-app-logo-app-ipad-iphone-screenguard-orange-cross/60026798/ ), 
  really nice and clean design , also love your overall hip style , especially tasa poster and art22 site , keep it up !, 
  if you have an interesting gif ( someone getting owned , punched etc. ), 
  i can make more , just link it here !, 
  thanks for this , love the fart part, 
  why is that ? 
  i just want to share a picture ... odd, 
  thanks , it took a while [ 8 ], 
  on the help page it says that it must be either url link or text submission ... and this is just url link w/o text , so ... it 's cool ? 
  i suppose, 
  oh okay i get it ... do n't know the practice here , now that you mention it , there is a lack of ahri 's tits, 
  thanks !, 
  this is her pose when you ** b ** . . and looks pretty cool,
