  seriously , that is not that correct . 
  the fact that you are viewed today as a modern country with maximum of civil rights for people still doesnt take the shadow of the 2nd ww away and it is still there no matter how unfair for last two generations of germans that is . 
  so , if within the current german policy towards refugees is also present a motive to get rid of that shadow once and for all , nobody should be surprised . 
  ( and yes i am aware germans took lot of refugees in the graph based on the image presented here ), 
  jesus orban ( and people in his goverment who came with this ) is one clever fella its unbeliavable , kudos to him ... everybody was laughing at the fence but now with the new laws and the fence being finished this is actually a proper solution ... first real solution that actually complies with the meaning of word schengen ... just dont cave now hungarians , you are holding fate of europe in you hands ... this obstacle is what will potentionally hold people from taking the boat trip next year and turning this year hundreds of thousands into millions ... 
  so it begins ... 
  well you certainly don \u00b4 t see merkel getting decapitated every day, 
  everyone i know here supports actions of hungary ... they at least trying to do something that will protect its integrity, 
  terrorists ... 
  terrorists everywhere, 
  yeh , also for me ... dutch was first language it came to my mind just because of the tone and intonation, 
  you contributed to our genofond with a lot of blonde chicks , kudos ... 
  lol @ rightwing ... funny that by us yesterday screamed the most against mandatory quotas former communist party, 
  yes , so instead of changing rules and not allowing people to outer states the brilliant solution is to make a shuttle service from outer states to inner states and to those where the immigrants dont want to be anyway, 
  that is interesting , do you have some data to it ? 
  and germany is wondering why east opposes the quotas ... 
  i like most the polish graph , everyone is around 2008 like omagad doomsday is here and poland is like `` what \u00b4 s the big deal guys ? '', 
  when a polish guy meets czech guy he thinks the czech guy speaks funny , while the czech guy thinks the polish guy speaks funny ... thats like an infinite loop scenario , 
  nono , lets call it eastern union ... with eu as a shortcut ... that will mess some people \u00b4 s heads , 
  we ( + slovakia and hungary ) have them too, 
  i know what you meant ... so now we are allowed to decline mandatory quotas , when countries that preach solidarity behave in their interest ? 
  i don \u00b4 t think so ... while germany still keeps its north stream ... solidarity ... 
  yeh sure , because germany decided to do north stream because we wont accept `` refugees '', 
  [ check it out ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqwek2r3ove ), 
  yeh , thanks . 
  i am alone in car and i know the routine , i go few times a year and i have no problem danish police controlling me , that happens from time to time . 
  but i read on czech news site that today danish police didnt allow some ferries to enter the gedser port at all , not sure if that information is correct , but if it is i hope scandlines had sorted things out for tomorrow, 
  crossing from rostock to gedser in the morning ... am interested , if i will be able cross, 
  they are not applying for asylum ( in the countries they ignore ) ... will you force them to apply for asylum in east ? 
  thats what you get when things are not solved and rather being ignored . 
  there is nothing wrong in helping people . 
  which is reasonable , but not without securing the outer borders first, 
  wow , 30 percent ... that is insane, 
  i dont \u00b4 t deny they have german citizenship . 
  but it doesn \u00b4 t obviously mean much to them , if they decide to travel to join bloodthirsty criminal organization . 
  but i am baffled , if german goverment allows them coming back and keeps their citizenship . 
  like you have people here who are in their core voluntarily against everything that todays germany stands for and you allow them back ? 
  `` germans '', 
  yep , they are just a bunch of hypocrites, 
  i guess when people were fighting nazis with their different culture and sectarism , that we were actually bunch of racists ... good to know, 
  why you call it racism when it has nothing to do with race but only culture and religion ? 
  lol read the eu treaties first before you comment, 
  we owe you nothing , you didnt get us any help out of good heart , germany is only doing what is best for germany and you are certainly not sending free cheques to east ... 
  one more time the area that was affected with war with russia is close with the landmass of syria ... and the affected population is closed to half of affected syrian population so to telling like ukraine is no big deal is sounding extremely retarded , but based on what you are able to produce here is not that surprising, 
  the area affected with war is close to syria and the people affected are about half of the affected syrians, 
  how germans actually think they will get them elsewhere ? 
  you will take hundreds of thousand in and then you will tell half of them they wont be able to stay ? 
  do you plan to make a lottery or nice selections , to decide who is eligible to work can stay and who can not will be deported ? 
  do you plan to ask them very very nicely so they will agree ? 
  and if they dont agree what they will do ? 
  will they protest ? 
  scream ? 
  cry ? 
  will you then force them with police to train stations and push them into trains ? 
  and , if they still dont want to go , will you lock those trains ? 
  and where will be the trains actually heading ? 
  east ? 
  poland and such ? 
  well you could try to find some charities in budapest who provide for hungarian homeless people and im pretty sure you could also find in the city a lot of elderly people who are alone who barely make a living of their pensions and those would definitely appreciate some help too . . 
  no , it is nothing like that ... in portugal case it would be , if some border part of spain would form own independent country and named itself with name of some portugal region , like republic of portalegre, 
  because some politicians went completely mental, 
  yeah , like greece hasn \u00b4 t dozens of other more serious problems than this nonsense . 
  everyone calls them macedonia , just move the f *** on ... 
  from one extreme to another, 
  i still find it hillarious they don \u00b4 t want to settle in when they are in austria, 
  no redistribution before protection action, 
  yeh , that was disgusting ... when i look what was happening in bicske station and i see hungarian police doing everything with absolute profesionalism and media around just wait like vultures to single conflict so they can show you in worst colors ... meh, 
  yes , we have a huge underground facilities under prague castle where we secretly construct nukes to scare slovaks , if they ever dare to plan sneak attack on brno ... in reality this is only about russia want their spies to push in the direction that when the decision who will construct our new reactors is made , it is in russia \u00b4 s company favour, 
  i know im exaggerating but if i look what was happening last couple days in hungary i don \u00b4 t think that it is too far fetched, 
  yeh ... 
  but it is quite different if the statement would be `` we take large amount of syrian refugees from refugee camps in middle east '' like cameron said than if it is `` we will not return any syrian that gets here '' ... 
  i mean what kind of shitty advisors merkel has ? 
  and jesus , when you tell those immigrants who despise the eastern countries they will be now relocated from the paradise they finally came , do german politics not forsee how the situation will look ? 
  germans organizing train transports of people to poland with children unwilling to go , protesting , screaming in despair ? 
  i still wonder how are they planning to choose the people they want to relocate east , lottery ? 
  because in any other case i can pretty much see the selection process where those capable of integration with some education and fit to work in germany will be allowed to stay and rest shipped away . 
  in which perspective the `` all come to us first '' would have quite different meaning, 
  when eu disbands after uk leaves , yeh most likely some eastern union will form ( without russia ) and you are free to form a wester union of united muslim countries too, 
  it is direct invitation , because when it gets to the recepients it is distorted by huge amount of fantasies, 
  yep , because the logic of this situation is `` we fucked up the integration first time , hey lets do it again and lets do it everywhere , because thats solidarity '', 
  i dont give a flying fock , if you are black , yellow or violet penguin . . but i care deeply , if you are part of dangerous sect that oppress people of other thinking , religion , atheists , women and others based on ridiculous comic book dozen of centuries old ... we had this shit centuries ago and we dont need it in 21 . 
  century where main goal of western world should be help musk colonize mars ... 
  he is not and he is right ... 
  it is just the game of numbers , bigger the numbers bigger the risks ... and when you risk you should at least have a chance of a positive outcome if winning , but there is no winning here - sorry , i forgot germany will win because they so much need the people to work in their industries as they claim ... forgeting that automatisation will in next decades put unskilled labour out of business, 
  i dont think there is hate from middle , only from extremists . 
  i dont hate refugees and i dont think im better than them but i have reasonable concerns . 
  and i would love if germany would try to find any solutions , but your goverment is so scared right now to do anything that could be perceived negatively that it starts to threaten everybody . 
  i dont know if there is a reason but we must have the right to choose wether we want to preserve what we currently have or not . 
  we didnt cooperate that much because in eu we all thought it doesnt matter ... 
  but wait see what happens when uk leaves eu ( and it absolutely will now if germany will not find solution how to stop free roaming through outer schengen border ), 
  excellent post ... 
  it is sad there is no wider understanding that this wave is still nothing ( in compare to what will come after its known what people from this wave achieved ) and we ( eu ) are absolutely clueless what to do, 
  you didnt give us anything out of solidarity , you didnt accept us to the eu out of solidarity so stop using arguments like we owe you anything . 
  everything germany ever did was not out of solidarity but because it was in germany 's best interest . 
  when you had chance to show solidarity your country together with austria imposed ban on east for seven years so thank you very much for that kind gesture of solidarity . 
  but dont worry , we will show you solidarity . 
  after seven years , if there are german refugees fleeing to east to only non muslim countries they are able to find i promise you we will accept you because you did same when we were fleeing through border during cold war, 
  i understand you , you have a clear point , but the life in illegality in germany will still be much more appealing to them than living in camp in rural romania ( no offense dear romanians ) so they will come back illegaly anyway and by that time there could be already hundreds of thousand even millions of them and with such large diaspora it will be quite easy to live outside of system , just with help of your people and working illegally . 
  they mean it from eu = west point of view , not from the european east/west meaning, 
  good point,
