  and also a giant asshole ... which makes it quite sad when he is right like in this time . 
  he predicted most of what is today happening years ago . 
  what is actually corbyn \u00b4 s stance on falklands ? 
  funny ... best part when the reporter grabed his hand , he must have known the escape possibility is imminent , 
  very interesting debate that gives insight why is swedish politic towards immigration the way it is . 
  to a non related note - i cant get over the fact how every dane and swede there can so well understand each other ? 
  couple of years back i learnt a little bit of very basic swedish and altough i forgot a lot i could still understand some swedish words from time to time in this debate but zero from danish . 
  is it really for natives so easy to understand each other ? 
  yep indeed, 
  world is not rainbow and sunshine just because you want it to . 
  nazi germany gave us great example what humans are capable of doing to each other and what you will get when you dont listen to voice of reason and allow lunatics to take power . 
  but it goes also other way around . 
  if you show too much compassion and too much kindness to other people they will see it as weakness and they will exploit you and eventually destroy you and everything you initially stood for . 
  then the circle will repeat again . 
  i dont want the circle repeat . 
  bye and have fun in the rainbow corners of reddit . 
  i would very much like to see a martin schulz or jc juncker \u00b4 s face when they are reading this orban \u00b4 s speech ... seems like your multi-cultural federation paradise will not happen gentlemen in next decades ( or it might , but definitely not in the east ) ... too bad for you, 
  allright ... then lets secure the borders and then we can discuss mandatory quotas . 
  but we will not , will we ? 
  because securing borders is much more complicated than vote for mandatory quotas that could affect countries with tens of thousands unwanted people . 
  and i tell you , you are like many other germans here a liar . 
  we are not opposing general fair quotas that distribute refugees but only mandatory quotas . 
  yep , if turkey is actually caring to not let them pass to europe just because they want , we should in return fund turkey heavily back to help them with the situation much more than we are now ... 
  thanks, 
   `` oh well it 's close , better go back home '' ? 
  yep ... thats exactly what will happen . 
  i have read today from the reporters from serbia who are within migrants they have already people now ( when hungary closed the shop and clusterfuck on croatian border ) who are going back to syria . 
  yes , not turkey . 
  you are lying ... we are not opposing quotas and distribution of refugees , we are opposing mandatory quotas and those two are substantially different ... in the first case there is proposal about number of refugees that will be distributed and the countries discuss , vote and eventually take the proposed number . 
  this worked and the first proposed 60 000 was taken ( yes even by those ungrateful unsolidary countries from east ) and there is no problem with the second proposal of 120 000 . 
  but mandatory ? 
  are you really all on crack or something ? 
  so , if in few months greece will decide it will open its land border to allow people from turkey to enter we would receive automatically by some clerk artificially created number of people and we wouldnt have any saying in it . 
  if you cant see how with this shit is berlin slowly becoming new moscow then there are no words for you . 
  that is not a solidarity solution , thats a dictate . 
  and it just sends a signal to greece and italy to resign on protecting borders completely , because who would give a f * ck anymore ... anyone who shows up now will be automatically sent away anyway, 
   many people react as if i told them i was going to be a farmer in burkina faso ... nice ... i sprayed dinner all over my monitor, 
  you know about the ukrainians , i do not have official numbers and i have no way to tell what such a ratio really is or if it is really a thing or just my personal experience but lately almost every ukrainian guy i met here in prague and who doesnt have czech long term work permit was here with polish visa ... ( which is quite shameful in regard to our immigration police that they wont let them come to us or that they are too bureaucratic when managing the visas ), 
  yep ... exactly ... seems like lot of people dont take in equation technological development when predicting doomsday scenarios because of low population growth, 
  dude , thats exactly what you used as argument ... and they are right by the way , will you show us some interviews where `` refugees '' told `` great , i am here in * ( add , greece , macedonia , serbia , hungary , austria ) i will stay here , because this is safe land for me and my children '' ... instead of `` hur dur want need must go to germoney '' ), 
  i agree ... only the part about poland is wrong i think ... russia would never invade poland before baltics as poland is one of the few countries right now who has the balls to oppose russia militarily while also having own quite strong military to back it ... and while i am also fearful lot of western countries would hesitate to get involved against russia ( even when obliged by nato article 5 ) , if russia would invade baltics , i have no doubt poland would be first country to back us fighting back ... while we are at it , i am quite optimistic with poland overall ... if current development of europe will continue i can see in next 10-15 years poland emerge as strong counterweight to germany economically and politically , while being simultaneously strong military counterweight to russia, 
  and after a while became a president of croatia , 
  i must say i was little offended . 
  when i saw many interviews from keleti and from other places where the people were trashtalking hungary ( and i am not even hungarian ) i was like `` bit ** please , you claim you wanted to get to safe country to escape the cruelties of war and now you are spitting on a country and people that took you in and comparing it to some hellhole ? 
  who do you think you are ? 
  aren \u00b4 t they fleeing war ? 
  [ or maybe he did  ] ( https://youtu.be/irdmkcbjcpg?t=52s ), 
  no , i didnt mean fence on border of croatia with bosnia but eastern croatian border with serbia where the main influx of migrants now turned . 
  it is similar length of what hungarians already built , thus not that hard as building fence on full length of southern hungarian border with croatia, 
  it might be easier to hungarians to help croatia build it on croatia-serbia border , if there would be political will to do it, 
  so , threats and bullying intensify . 
  not shocked i must say , they are really showing true colors now . 
  it seems to me they really though the mandatory quotas will be approved smoothly and immediately and got caught by big surprise that there is actually a unified opposition on the matter . 
  allright , i see your point . 
  let me rephrase that the `` significant change '' is from our point of view and you probably have your point of view that says it it not significant and the changes were not harmful to your society in any way . 
  but our point of view ( and by our i mean me and every citizen that agrees with me , which based on last months is large majority in our land ) still matters in regard of what we want and what we don \u00b4 t want to happen in our country . 
  correct . 
  in general the majority of that town would be completely fine . 
  but it still doesnt change a fact we have a right to object that this is something we do not support and do not want to happen in our cities aswell . 
  its laughable when someone is entitled to predict population growth and its implication for society for 100-150 years, 
  i wouldnt say destroyed , i would say significantly changed . 
  if for good or bad is debatable . 
  when cities in the west have ghettos where native language is barely spoken and parallel society is present then we have a full right to not repeat the same mistakes, 
   think of just the recent days : there was talk about forcing the issue on eastern europe on quotas with a simple majority . 
  now even germoney is backing off and imposing tough new rules . 
  germany is not backing off even slightest . 
  merkel said the quotas wont be dealt on wednesday ( when we have right to veta ) and it is `` in good hands '' of interior ministers who will meet on tuesday . 
  so they are still prepared to force vote us on tuesday with mandatory quotas . 
  they are just bunch of liars and bullies , in the last draft for the quotas , the `` mandatory '' was taken away from the title , but it was hidden in the appendix and the mandatory was still there . 
  meanwhile sigmar gabriel tries to escalate the treatening and in an interview in bild today told the states opposing the mandatory quotas shouldnt take money from eu funds ( which is still laughable as there is no legal way right now how those 2 completely separate things push through ) . 
  pepici 4 the win !, 
  in your face hungarians  ( never thought we could beat hungary in polish popularity poll ), 
  well ... here is [ something to the topic ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/roma-migrants-overwhelm-duisburg/a-17052814 ) but i guess it is more politically correct to say eastern europeaners than roma/gypsies, 
  it would be completely justified , if hungary or bulgaria would be neighbor of syria ... but this ? 
  i agree , ridiculous, 
  it does matter . 
  it is climbing last decades to the point , where it will get to similar level like `` sieg heil '', 
  i am really wondering about that ... hungarians here were writing the asylum procedure had to be stopped in majority of cases , when the asylum requester disappeared ... 
  i would like to point out things from this article  `` three hours ago , we learned that they opened the ( croatian ) border , '' said mukhis masttat , a 26-year-old man from the syrian city of aleppo who had just arrived with his brother and cousin at the croatian border . 
   `` we heard from the news and facebook , '' he said , with a laugh . 
  `` actually we were planning to go to hungarian border , but we heard that they closed the border and nobody can cross there . '', 
   `` if no countries want to receive us , '' he said , `` if we feel we are not welcome , then of course we will go back home . '', 
  this is the exactly reason why german \u00b4 s attitude of warm welcome and openess ( no matter how noble it can seem ) is unbeliavably damaging in the long run and why actions like hungarians do is the only thing that can stop people currently in refugee camps even think to take a shot for this trip ... and that only possible solution in long run is to help massively directly in camps in neigboring counries and not planning to make a mandatory european shuttle service to mainland europe, 
  you will not be able to send them back ... germany itself was able to deport only about 30 percent of people who were denied asylum in the last years, 
  we have excellent view of the situation . 
  i read on this very subreddit today that germany was able to deport only about 20-30 percent of the people that were denied asylum ( didnt bookmark it but it was official number ) . 
  when superefficient germany is unable to deport people who dont want to be deported what do you think that will happen when you will set up mediterranean shuttle express from libyan coast to mainland europe ? 
  every person that will be able to save few thousand dollars will take that shot . 
  because if they know that they will be automatically relocated close to their wished destinations , everyone will try.and we wont be ever able to return them back . 
  so excuse us for trying to avoid this scenario . 
  with mandatory quotas you are not helping italy , you are only dragging other countries into same mess . 
  help to take the number of people we were asked to take from italy and greece when the first 40000 were discussed . 
  yes , hungarians were fleeing to neighboring countries , but they certainly didnt march through europe causing riots with violence and demands to be accepted in countries with best possible economic conditions like its their natural right ... 
  then you hear it wrong ... we ( and other countries ) have pledged to help when the first `` batch '' of redistribution was discussed ... but under no circumstances we will subdue to mandatory ones . 
  with those we effectively lose any control of who we will allow to enter our country and we leave this crucial matter to a brussel \u00b4 s ( or german \u00b4 s ) clerks who will not ( and i can assure you about that ) act in our interest . 
  it is in effect on paper not in reality ... f.e. 
  greece is not accepting any refugees that were registered and that we catch here ... 
   dublin iii does n't allow asylum seekers to choose to live in  germany , scandinavia or another eu country of their choice . 
  no offense , but were you living under rock last month or something, 
  nope ... 1 person that manages to get to germany or sweden encourages other 10 to try it ... you will see in the spring,
