the only betrayal we feel is the one from uk and france because of the munich agreement . 
  poles not allowing ussr on their territory is quite logical and taking of cieszyn is viewed as not very nice but not on a level of betrayal . 
  it s not like we were best buds during our first republic . 
  the disputed teritorry was full of poles so its understandable why they wanted it and its also quite understandable they didnt wanted red army on their teritorry . 
  in the end it wouldnt change a thing , the fortifications were very good but they would be flanked anyway and in general we wouldnt last i guess much longer than poles did . 
  i expect farage must be laughing maniacally for the past months , because the inability of eu to do real measures and proposition of crazy measures instead , must be something like early christmas present for him and will give his exit campaign extreme boost , if i could guess ... 
  well for one uk can be sure none of them will ever try to blow themselves up while shouting `` visegrad akbar '', 
  oh in the east it is very the same ... nobody wants to be the eastern-poor-commie , baltics are north and everything from germany to russia is central ... 
  dunno his english skill , never heard him speak , i know he studied on a questionable school ... but what i know the website that published this is one of the worst cesspits of pro-immigrational bullshit in the country ... 
  way to take care of your citizens, 
  stopping the flow , reasonable return policy , agreement on maximum cap about the money , merkel still seems to be obsessed ( said it today again ) with the idea of same level of care and money which will the asylum applicants receive in all countries they are relocated ... which would be reasonable , if she means ( she doesnt ) it will be based on low level of poorer countries and not based of germany \u00b4 s level, 
  right ? 
  lederhosen guys puking , meh ... i mean come one , where are dirndl girls showing what they got ? 
   is it because you feel like they 're being forced upon you by brussels and/or germany ? 
  completely . 
  my and many countries of the eastern block have lot of negative experience where so called empires tried to dictate us their will . 
  this feels very similar . 
  reasonable solution would be simply instead of force voting the opposing countries to present the people eu wish to relocate and each country would pledged how many of the refugees-migrants would take  is it because you feel like your country can not take in any refugees , or not as many as the quota would have you take in ? 
  the numbers are now marginal . 
  the fear is not to take 1000 people , the fear is the eu comission will use this as precedent to set up mandatory quotas and within next years automatically distribute tens or hundreds of thousands of people while affected countries will have no way to object it . 
   i assume it 's not some kind of xenophobic `` all muslims are coming here to destroy europe '' why is it bad to oppose muslims coming into our countries ? 
  we fought them for centuries and now we are supposed to give up ? 
  because ? 
  world changed ? 
  or people changed ? 
  people never change , only cultures change . 
  it \u00b4 s like nazi germany not losing war and after hundreds of years trying to expand to the world with lighter version ( but still dangerous ) of their ideology . 
   do you think europe should n't take in any refugees in the first place ? 
  i think europe should deny entry anyone coming directly and take only most vulnerable people directly from the camps ( women , children , old , sick people ) . 
  today \u00b4 s approach of welcoming anyone who comes only encourage to come more . 
  it also shows how europe is weak and everytime weak culture was mixed with a culture who realized its weakness it allways ended badly for the original people . 
  what are current polls for pis ? 
  can \u00b4 t find any current graphic polls in polish media . 
  do you think this will result in more votes for pis ? 
  for now ... we can call the first round was won by brussels ( berlin ) , but see what happens when they will fail to stop the flow and try to distribute next hundreds of thousand within few months . 
  prawo i sprawiedliwo\u015b\u0107 will win elections in poland and they will come to our camp back with possibly other states . 
  we will also see by then how sucessful were they with relocating of current people . 
  i also think it is not wise for now to block it by slovakia as it is just strengthening of european hypocrites and rather wait to imminent failure of this plan, 
  not having a perspective is not the same as being in danger of getting killed . 
  there are hundreds of millions living in poverty all around of world bellow the wealth line of those so called middle class refugees who had money to pay thousands of dollars to cross illegaly to europe . 
  wan na save them all ? 
  so you encourage to help those who have enough money to live well months or years while not helping poor people at camps who need the help most ... brilliant ... and also encouraging more and more to take dangerous route with breaking law of member states ... again brilliant, 
  thanks for admiting they are not refugees , will not be that hard now to tell nazi geurmany to fuck off, 
  ukrainians are more worth of word refugees than people paying thousands of dollars to seek the best economic advantages, 
  to be honest , it was quite nice to see our v4 goverments during the past weeks meeting with each other with respect and sticking to common goal ... lets see , how it will be after your elections, 
  this vote wasnt about the 120000 , that was just a coverup . 
  it was just to set up the precedent, 
  they will not be able to transport them here anyway , so the stay question is now not important . 
  oh yes , if a husband shoots himself it \u00b4 s now a time to shoot the wife aswell , not take the husband to the hospital, 
   when someone actually wants you do give something you meant `` to give up something '' ? 
  like national sovereignty ? 
  oh yeah i am disgruntled , not violent yet tho . 
  and that \u00b4 s the story kids how brussels turned into new moscow ... well done . 
  time to buy a gun . 
  lets make this mandatory quota system , i am vouching strongly for this one, 
  nice , 2 out of yours 3 directly support my statement 1 / bigger naval mission in the mediterranean means more people coming on the boats , even with more shittier boats will people now have chance to be rescued and transported to italy and greece , thus encouraging more people 2 / it doesnt matter if registration camps are operated by eu or nation states . 
  in the moment the people are allowed to leave camp like now , they will just go on the road same way as now and forcing them stay in camps wont be an option as it is not now 3 / this is the only solution and it can take years ( with eu efficiency i would say even never ) . 
  no country is willing now to let others make camps on their territory , turkey might be okey , if we fund heavily their camps to make them bigger with better conditions to people but other than that , it can really take years to persuade countries to do same as australia is with their camps . 
  but turkey isnt taking people back now even when there are signed treaties about it . 
  and let me say your country absolutely sucks in deporting illegals ( check the ratio ) ... my country sucks even more in it ... eu as whole sucks big donkey balls with its deportation policy and without real deportation policy ( of people who were denied asylum , are from safe countries and real economic migrants etc ) , you want to impose mandatory relocating now when there are no real measures in following months to be made . 
  seriously i don \u00b4 t think there would be single objection with mandatory quotas after borders would be sealed and influx would be reduced to reasonable numbers , but if you are forced in the future to take people and you have no idea how many people it can be , i seriously am wondering how people can accuse us of unsolidarity instead of focusing on real issue . 
  there are about 500 000-1 000 000 million people ready to make the trip now just based on the unfortunate statements from your chancellor and unless those arent stop ( they wont be , as you want them just automatically move everywhere ) the fearmongering of millions as you say will become a reality, 
  but it is not `` just couple of thousands '' . 
  it is permanent mechanism which means , if millions show up we will have to take tens of thousand or hundreds of thousands with nothing to stop it, 
  was wondering what is all the light source in the north sea and then i checked its from the oil platforms ... crazy, 
  i have no time now to respond to all of it so just the most important  how about some non-zero number that reflects what your government can handle ? 
  we agreed to more people in first 60000 discussed than we were obliged and im sure we will do the same in the second batch of 120000 ( unless its a mandatory law ) . 
  we told publicly we are able to take similar number as we did during yugoslavia war ( around 10000 ) . 
  some say 5000 , some say 15000 . 
  i think 10-15 thousand would be managable . 
  but not mandatory . 
  we dont say fuck you just out of thin air . 
  we say fuck you to fuck you we are receiving with mandatory relocation law . 
  accusing us of non-solidarity is just extremely short-sighted because then the situation really can reach the boiling point where we say fuck it , fuck eu , fuck west , we leave eu and take noone . 
  this comes to almost whole east . 
  not just poland, 
  he is not complaining he is just stating . 
  we would be completely fine , if we would operate only with the money we are sending to structural funds without the surplus we are taking from brussels . 
  can we do that ? 
  we can \u00b4 t. 
  if you are so worried about your taxes you should try to compel your politicians abolish structural funds completely . 
   does that sounds like humane treatment ? 
  it doesn \u00b4 t sound like inhumane treatment . 
  it might be harsh , but not inhumane . 
  you really should try to get to prison in various dictatorships around world before you try to call our deportation camps inhumane  no even prisoners pay for their prison that \u00b4 s a lie . 
  prisoners here participate financially and pay some part back for the time in prison . 
  again , maybe harsh , but why shouldnt they pay ? 
  ( the deported people )  it makes no sense to have greece hold all people . 
  the only logical solution if the people are distributed between all european nations . 
  you can \u00b4 t even hear how crazy you sound . 
  setting binding law of automatic distribution of people who come for economic gain is suicide for affected countries . 
  if next summer two million people show up in greece we would get for us automatically 100000 people . 
  with no end in sight . 
  if you want to save the world be my guest but don \u00b4 t put your crazy agenda to others . 
   accept some of them how much exactly is some of them ? 
  some artificial number that decides some rainbow-sunshine moron from brussels or berlin ? 
  don \u00b4 t forget to calculate the money flowing back from the companies operating in the east you condescending solidarity clown, 
  lol , those are not asylum camps , those are deportation camps . 
  for people who are here illegaly ( already applied for asylum in other country and are waiting for deportation or didnt apply/were denied in our country for asylum ) ... unless we are supposed to shoot them , please show me a way how to deport them ( where ? ), 
  if the country that is supposed to take them back under dublin regulation is refusing ?
