[ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/social_democrats/ ) is a link to a post introducing the subreddit and the moderators . 
   bacon , and anything pork related , is very offensive to us then you should grow the fuck up . 
  `` forbidden by my religion '' and `` offensive '' are not the same thing . 
  choosing not to eat pork on religious grounds is one thing , but if you choose to be offended by the location in a shop of some securely packaged pork flavoured potato snacks then you have nothing but your own stupidity to blame . 
   tesco is a very islamophobic , if not outright racist store chain in my opinion . 
  what ?!, 
  did n't tesco management back the right of a muslim member of staff to refuse to sell a customer ham and wine during ramadan last year ? 
  and this was despite the fact that the british muslim association came out and said that it is not prohibited for a muslim to serve these products while fasting . 
  also , is n't there halal food available in pretty much every tesco outlet ? 
  if anything , i would say that tesco ( and a lot of other businesses ) goes above and beyond in their attempts to accommodate muslim staff , and to stock halal foods . 
  ( try being irish . 
  do you have any idea how fucking hard it is to find some motherfucking clonakilty black pudding up in this bitch ? 
  it 's almost like they do n't realise that it 's the best food in the world . 
  my human rights are being violated by this shit on a daily basis . ), 
   as for halal , it is the only way we can eat food no . 
  it is the only way you * choose * to eat food . 
  you can eat food any way you want . 
  respect is mutual and it is earned , not given . 
  you must respect the culture into which you move , and you must make an effort to integrate into that society * . 
  only having shown this respect can you then reasonably expect to receive respect in return . 
  * even if they violate your human rights with a lack of top quality black pudding, 
   ideally parents would be the main source of funds , possibly by encouraging people to start saving when their kids go to school . 
  not only make it mandatory for parents to send their young children to a foreign country ( something a lot of parents would be vehemently opposed to ) , but force them to pay for the privilege ? 
  translation : * `` hey , guys !, 
  just because i am in a small minority of university students who did erasmus and had a good experience on the programme , we should make a similar programme mandatory for all young children in all european countries . 
  what i think is good for me is obviously good for everyone else . 
  '' * do you have any idea how totally self-absorbed and delusional you guys sound ? 
  in a subreddit that is packed full of blind supranational ideology and self-obsessed delusion this sub-thread is seriously one of the most ridiculous circlejerks i 've seen in a while , and that 's saying a hell of a lot . 
   the trend is obvious , i would even say the momentum is unstoppable . 
  before you go making claims like that , you might want to leave this thread and keep a closer eye on greece for now . 
  no need to be so dramatic . 
  this is a choice to stay in the euro . 
  issuing parallel liquidity alongside the euro does not violate any european treaties , and so it can not result in greece being expelled from the monetary union . 
  in that sense , parallel liquidity is probably the only option available to greece right now that produces liquidity and does n't involve throwing the euro under the bus . 
  if anything it is a clear signal that the greek government are not entertaining the idea of a greek exit from the euro just yet . 
  if people understood this , then perhaps this thread might have some constructive discussion in it , instead of being full of people foaming at the mouth . 
  the comments in this thread are ridiculous . 
  since you seem keen on getting hung up on semantics instead of addressing any specific arguments , i will say this : the european commission is not directly elected . 
  the president of the ecb is not elected . 
  the governing council of the ecb is not elected . 
  the governance structure of the imf is not elected . 
  even in ireland we have the unelected economic management council , which is [ undermining the influence of elected politicians in key areas of policy making ] ( https://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/how-the-economic-management-council-undermines-cabinet-and-government-1.1991236 ) . 
  the individuals who have been given some of the most important powers in europe have been appointed to their positions ( which they are often not suitably qualified to hold ) , and they are , for all intents and purposes , unaccountable to european citizens . 
  european fiscal policy in the wake of the global financial crisis , which i would claim is in fact * dictated * through the economic and political objectives of a small subset of largely unaccountable bureaucrats , is exacerbating the lack of democratic accountability that currently plagues the eu and its major institutions . 
  i stand by my use of the term dictate , and while these policies continue to damage and disenfranchise ordinary european citizens , i will continue to use the term . 
   just a small correction , in greece , ministers are not elected , they are chosen by the prime minister , and assigned to each ministry by him . 
  for someone to be a minister , he does n't even need to be an elected mp , but in the case of varoufakis he is also an elected mp in athens . 
  yeah , the same system of appointment by the prime minister is in place in most countries as far as i am aware , aside from the elected vs. unelected part . 
  in most countries you have to be an elected member of parliament in order to be eligible to be appointed to a ministerial position . 
  i was acting on the assumption that it would have been well known in advance that , if elected to government , tsipras would naturally have appointed varoufakis as minister for finance , so the electorate knew what they were voting for . 
  i did n't make the distinction in my post because i did n't want to distract from the point i was trying to make . 
  i was being ( somewhat ) facetious . 
  i think that highly qualified people like varoufakis very certainly do have a place in government , and i 'm personally happy that the greek people have elected a highly qualified and widely renowned economist as their finance minister . 
  however , i disagree with you insofar as i do think that he has very much got a key role to play in any negotiations , because he has expert insight that should be carefully considered . 
  the creditor countries he will be negotiating with would also be well served by having other suitably qualified people to negotiate on their behalf , so that a fair and sustainable settlement can be developed . 
  the problem we have at the moment is that unqualified careerist eu politicians are defining these bailout programmes , which is precisely why the proposals have been unsustainable - the proposals to date have all been born more of political ideology and a political desire to punish the `` unruly greeks '' , rather than careful and sustainable economic thinking . 
   but no he had to wait till after the last minute and gamble with the future of his whole country . 
  thats not a stateman thats a freaking lunatic . 
  the greek people have just today overwhelmingly chosen to take that exact same gamble despite the comments of politicans of other eu countries , which seemed designed to undermine popular greek sentiment . 
  the greek people have now democratically confirmed , after electing tsipras , that they agree with his approach . 
  i guess that must make them all lunatics . 
  at the moment it looks like there is a deficit of democracy , compassion and fairness at the heart of the eu , and it looks like the larger eu governments are out to punish greek citizens because of their dislike of the current greek government . 
  i am very glad that the greek people have chosen to take their density into their own hands instead of having it dictated to them by an inflexible political institution , who would happily force further suffering upon greece in pursuit of their political goals . 
  i wish the greek people the very best of luck , and i hope the eu takes note of popular opinion regarding the damage austerity has done to ordinary greek people . 
   and varoufakis because he has no place in politics in a roundabout way , i agree . 
  as someone with a ph.d. in economics , and as someone who has held international professorships in economics ( including an honorary professorship in recognition of his `` extraordinary theoretical contribution to the understanding of the global financial crisis '' ) , he is far too qualified to associate professionally with the underqualified corporatist zealots who dictate european fiscal policy . 
   e.g. 
  backstabbing with a referendum with little notice welcome to the neoliberal eu , where holding an open democratic vote on a matter of grave national importance , that will hugely effect the lives of millions of people for decades , is considered tantamount to `` backstabbing '' the beloved * european project * . 
  it 's amazing how much hate is being directed towards the current greek government , who had nothing to do with getting greece into the dire situation it 's in now . 
  they are being attacked simply because they have stood up and argued with what an increasingly right-leaning eu says is the `` only '' way forward . 
  it 's certainly a dark political climate in the eu when the proposals of the imf look like the most moderate approach to move forward sustainably . 
  i can personally place very little faith in such a zealously ideological political institution , that attacks and seeks to dominate other democratically elected member governments simply because they disagree on how to pursue economic growth . 
  what we are seeing now is political punishment of the greek people , simply because their government does n't unquestioningly fall into line with the economic policies that larger eu governments subscribe to . 
  if the eu is going to remain a place that exists only to erode social protections and workers ' rights , drive inequality , make citizens responsible for corporate debt , and push for privatisation of national assets , then i hope greece pulls the whole rotten house down . 
  as someone who lives in the uk , at least i 'll have the choice to voice my opinion at the ballot box next year . 
  it 's outrageous that having that kind of voice in eu governance is now a controversial and unusual privilege . 
  given the type of rhetoric that has been coming from highly influential eu ministers over the past days and weeks , including overt threats of what amounts to regime change in greece , unless i see serious political change i 'll be gladly voting for the uk to leave the eu . 
  better to live in an isolated democratic country than to be made a debt slave of an undemocratic corporatist superstate . 
  switzerland and norway should be extremely proud of themselves for having had the common sense to avoid this utter shitshow . 
   if greece can choose to break the rules , everyone else can choose to not have to deal with them when they get buried in their own shit . 
  what rules ? 
  greece are obliged to pay back their debts , not turn over control of domestic policy to foreign governments . 
  the previous bailout programmes have expired - greece are currently in default , but they are not breaking any of the kind of `` rules '' you are referring to . 
   i wonder if turkey would finally acknowledge the armenian genocide if we just gave them greece . 
  this utterly stupid comment accurately sums up the level of childish anti-greek sentiment that 's on full show on / r/europe today . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  are you seriously suggesting that certain eu members states can effectively expel another eu member state ( without constitutional change ) by refusing to negotiate with its government and by barring it from eu institutions ? 
  what kind of precedent would that set for the future of the eu ? 
  how is the eu to unify europe politically , or even have a viable future , if it is susceptible to political in-fighting and ideologically imposed ( and minority enforced ) splits ? 
  we 've heard some extremely worrying rhetoric from eu leaders over the past days and weeks , but i do n't think they would even consider going so far towards disenfranchising the greek people as you suggest . 
  the hatred of greece flowing from / r/europe users with `` european union '' or `` federal europe '' flairs is mind-boggling . 
  how is europe supposed to become closer politically if the proponents of a federal europe are so willing to throw other eu member states under the bus on the basis of ideological differences regarding how to manage debt in a single member state ? 
   this sounds very very serious if what you are indicating is that eu leaders are letting their personal feelings of annoyance dictate how they will attempt to rectify this critical political/economic problem , then yes , it does sound extremely serious . 
  it is not the eu 's choice who they have to deal with in greece . 
  they must deal with the greek government , who are chosen only by the greek people . 
  i would be extremely concerned if what you are saying turns out to be true . 
  i never expressed my personal opinion on the greek referendum . 
  i was simply asking you to shut up because this :  * what has greece done for the world since 2008 other than beg with one hand and give the middle finger with the other ? 
  * is a fucking retarded thing to ask . 
  also :  * interesting company you keep , mate .
