  do n't know . 
  several options . 
  uk most likely . 
  i think us and turkey would get on board . 
  they were planning something along those lines themselves . 
   are you going to get unsc approval for that , or just unilaterally invade sovereign syria territory ? 
  i 'm not going to get anything  but i would recommend to try to get un support ( unlikely to happen because everything of significance gets vetoed by someone ) . 
  if that fails proceed anyway . 
  that is the standard protocol and hardly unprecedented . 
  the idea is to establish a safe area guarded by eu troops ( and the people themselves ) . 
  estonian troops have been to both afghanistan and iraq and i supported even those assignments . 
  this would be more worthy . 
  better song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jz8c17upewm, 
   none , un can take care of it . 
  un ca n't take care of anything . 
  it would probably end up a worse disaster than the one they 're fleeing from . 
  a secular ( i.e undemocratic unfortunately ) government from eu would have to be established . 
  at the cost of many bags of money and actual lives of ground troops . 
  limited territory . 
  people outside could join the protectorate or be on their own . 
  i realize this would open a can of open cans of worms , but i do n't see any other solution . 
  why not syria ? 
  estonia  years which really matter till ultimate estonian occupation by ussr  noun associated with the warfare period death  noun associated with the end of the war capitulation  the role of your country in the war doormat  the perception of your country-men who fought within the wehrmacht or waffen-ss pawns in a chessgame where both sides played black  the role of national partisans within your country heroes, 
  estonian alcohol culture : you drink as much as you can . 
  when you ca n't any more you pick fights or go driving . 
  then you drink more . 
  asking greece and italy to do their duty on anything is like asking the flood not to flood . 
  it basically means capital outflux . 
  the money they make is not piling up somewhere . 
  it 's being invested in other countries . 
  which is not necessarily a bad thing . 
  especially for these other countries , whatever they may be . 
  how ? 
  we are giving away real products , goods and services and getting pieces of paper or bits on a harddrive in return . 
  extremely altruistic in my opinion . 
  not unheard of . 
  we had a dolphin in the gulf of finland a couple of years ago . 
  food is plentiful and water at a comfortable temperature for them at this time . 
  hopefully they have the smarts to go back soon though or they 'll die in the winter . 
  the only way i can imagine this would be a submarine launched shtil rocket . 
  and russia will just use the money to exert their corrupt influence on us instead . 
  no thanks i say . 
  dammit, 
   i 'll rather try to leave the country than risk my life . 
  you 'll have to find a country that is n't populated by pussies like yourself that will protect you from another invasion though . 
  peace and prosperity in africa . 
  great idea , let 's just do that then . 
  boats are sinkable at least . 
  where do they get the boats ? 
  and ca n't we stop them from getting them ? 
  i do n't have much love for the greeks , sorry . 
  nor for russians for that matter . 
  and i do n't buy the argument that the people are great and it 's only the politicians that are bad and corrupt . 
  especially if those same politicians and governments are ( and were ) enjoying huge popularity ratings . 
  yes , the recently oh so popular logic : if it 's in the books it must be wrong . 
  oddly , the countries that follow the books are prosperous and the ones that insist on not following them and think they can will money into existence with good intentions and solidarity to help the people are piss poor . 
  this whole deal of keeping greece in the euro was already balanced on the tip of a needle . 
  imf just gave it a big shove and gravity is ruthless . 
  i fear greeces concessions may have been too little too late . 
  there is no money for this . 
   do you really believe that a greek government , especially this government , will not only enact but actually enforce any of the fiscal responsibility measures they 've agreed to this to week ? 
  i do n't . 
  even if the current government will follow through on the deal there will be elections in 4 years ( probably much sooner ) . 
  and the winners will be the ones who promise to undo everything . 
  another triumph of democracy . 
  this is all just a little bit of history repeating . 
   the point of exiting the eurozone is to be able to control monetary policy . 
  there would be no control . 
  interest rates would be ridiculously high due to assumption of devaluation , which would in return force constant devaluation . 
  a vicious circle . 
   what do you base that assessment on ? 
  an unstable economy has never adopted a central bank issued currency without hyperinflation . 
  it 's not possible . 
  they ca n't adopt a central bank issued drachma because it 's impossible to avoid hyperinflation . 
  this would make economic growth impossible . 
  they would have to adopt a currency board system with a the drachma hard-pegged to a solid currency . 
  the whole point of exiting the euro is debt write-down . 
  who torpedoed the russian sanctions repeatedly ? 
  tell me more about this solidarity thing . 
  thanks marianomanamour and butthenitgotbetter , but there is no real plan there . 
  is that it ? 
   here 's the sch\u00e4uble grexit plan where ? 
  their proposal was ~ 9b if i 'm not mistaken and required some miracle work to get that sum approved . 
  current numbers are 53b-84b . 
  this might be a bit of a problem , and it 's totally unsolved at this time . 
  jumps into a well ... spartaa ^ a ^ a ^ a, 
  any stimulus to greece at this point would only stimulate the wrong things : corruption and inefficiency . 
  that 's why real reforms to the economy have to happen first so there could be a functional economy to stimulate . 
  you could say that even about a cypriot  disclaimer : these comments are not meant to be taken too seriously . 
  a small surge in tax income goes instantly to pay immediately due wages . 
  that does n't sound too good . 
   i have said that a classic haircut is out of the question for me comes to sundays summit with a mohawk . 
  there is no fear that other countries would want to follow suit in case of grexit . 
  finns are more educated than average . 
  making concessions to greece is much harder than it may seem . 
  the credibility of the euro as a currency is solely backed by the rules and everyone following them . 
  if it turns out the rules can be waived or broken after some circus and posturing the damage from the message this sends may be far greater than grexit . 
  if the credibility euro system is damaged enough we may be looking at a gerxit instead of grexit in a few years . 
  you all can guess what that would entail . 
  it does look like these referendum shenanigans actually worked .
