  from what i 've heard the finnish drunks and british stags have the worst reputation . 
  the best were russians surprisingly . 
  we used to get a lot of middle class families , well off but not outright rich . 
  they were well educated , extremely polite and generous in spending . 
  they 've all but disappeared after ukraine and rouble collapse as i understand it . 
  the noveau riche probably went to paris and london and other major capitals . 
  pretty hard . 
  the process took nearly 6 months for me iirc . 
  need to be cleared by physician and psychologist . 
  police will check your history and records , even speeding tickets and such . 
  police in fact talked to my neighbors , which was disconcerting to me . 
  the neighbors themselves were super cool fortunately . 
  then there 's the theory exam , which is also fairly hard apparently , lots of people fail . 
  then the practical exam , need to handle the gun safely etc. 
  get 3 cartridges and need to hit target at 25 m with two of them . 
  hard enough to require training . 
  i needed several training sessions to be good enough . 
  and i only got 2/3 on the target in the exam . 
   civilians can buy and own rifles capable of three shot burst that part is not true . 
  no automatics allowed . 
  quite touching to see the germans here breathing a collective sigh of relief . 
  the problem is finally solved . 
  the immigrants will go away once the war is over . 
  which rule did i break ? 
  as the mission is cost-capped it may face outright cancellation because the delay is liable to blow its budget . 
  that 's some very vague reasoning for such categorical statements . 
  i would n't bother wasting pages on this verbal haze either . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  which institutions ? 
  what culture ? 
  i wonder what estonias position is . 
  do you have a hobby ? 
  or own anything that is n't a bare necessity of life and you could do without ? 
  something you just like or want to have ? 
  i can come up with a reason why it gives me a bad feeling in the gut and you should n't have it . 
  you do n't really need it anyway , there 's no benefit . 
  a fast car , a motorcycle , box of cigars , a bow , welding gear , end-to-end encryption , cryptocurrency ,  5 mw laser , more than 10l of gasoline , night vision gear , rc drone , the list goes on and on . 
  normal people do n't need these things . 
  but ... that 's exactly my point . 
  a legally bought semi-auto rifle has , to my knowledge , never been used in a crime in estonia . 
  so why do we ban them again ? 
   there 's really no reason to own semiautomatic weapons imho , so i do n't see why they should n't be banned . 
  there is a very long list of things there is no reason to own and could be used for malice or are otherwise dangerous . 
  this ban is born from a subconscious fear of the dark and ones own mortality and will do nothing to make life better . 
  these fears will not go away and the people who wanted it will not be sleeping any better . 
  they will soon be looking for another thing to ban in their futile quest to calm their anxiety . 
  i suspect it has to do with the lack of compelling alternatives for discussion . 
  r/eesti is tiny and inactive and if you look at the comment sections of local news sources you will be tempted to follow the example from the finnish coat of arms and stab yourself in the face . 
  hmm , looks like volkswagen is total crap . 
  this tank is much better . 
  you sure it 's not just lighting ? 
  the picture has a distinct blue shift in hue . 
  there 's nothing indirect about it . 
  turkey and saudi arabia support isis directly . 
  our relationship with them is a little more complicated . 
  europe and us support isis indirectly , while also bombing them ( they need a bit of bombing to serve their purpose ) . 
  the few accidents that happen in paris and elsewhere are acceptable and useful for domestic policy purposes . 
  i 've heard from ethnic russians living in estonia that they are easily recognized by accent when they travel to russia . 
  i myself ca n't tell the difference . 
  have they all been identified ? 
  or just the ones that are easiest to id because they are european ? 
  not really , no . 
  i do n't think it 's poverty or want of money . 
  giving more benefits and handouts is n't going to help . 
  it 's lack of prospects and meaningful goals in life that devastates the minds of young men . 
  not only muslim . 
  even walls can work , though they are n't preferable . 
  the great wall of china tends to be brought up as an example and ridiculed because it 's blamed for the stagnation and regress that followed it 's construction . 
  but people forget that china is still the only civilization/empire/superstate whatever you call it that has lasted millennia . 
  if there 's a fire you should always put it out if you can . 
  if you ca n't you have to isolate it and let it burn off on it 's own or it will spread . 
  which can be painful to watch . 
  depends on the plan . 
  if there is a real and credible plan spanning several decades ( possibly centuries ) and the lessons from iraq and afghanistan are properly learned and implemented i would support implementing it with all the resources and firepower we have . 
  if it 's just `` we beat the shit out of isis and then build democracy '' then no . 
  i would prefer building walls . 
  yet this is my biggest concern . 
  these attacks provoke totally unproportional reactions that are much worse than the attack itself . 
  one has to put things in perspective and realize that more than 150 totally pointless deaths ( mostly traffic accidents ) occur every day in europe . 
  yet we do not react with war and further obliteration of liberties . 
  i have a gun and am allowed to carry it . 
  but i do n't . 
  i 'm glad i have the right though . 
  i 'm not intimately familiar with that culture , but is it considered good form there to send the host the menu and tell them it 's my way or the high way ? 
  they do n't have to . 
  i 'm sure the french could have arranged kebab . 
  the problem is they tried to prohibit the french from eating frogs and wine in their own dinner . 
  that 's not acceptable . 
  that 's how i do it . 
  i 'm left-handed btw . 
  not sure it matters . 
  it 's considered the ultimate racism currently . 
  so this looks really bad . 
  not sure as i 'm not from tallinn , but i would think the probability of break in is very low in most regions of tallinn these days . 
  it 's about burglars . 
   it 's easier to forcefully enter one 's home when the door opens outwards ??? 
  it 's pretty much impossible to kick open a door that opens outwards . 
  while it 's quite difficult and expensive to make a door that opens inwards and ca n't be kicked open as it requires a very strong locking mechanism and attachment . 
  my door opens outward and i always assumed it was for security . 
   i took some water from the sea and soaked my clothes and then laid it out to dry so the salt evaporated and we could drink it the man is a genius .
