now . 
  the fact that it 's massive and diverse does n't make this any less grotesque . 
  more in fact . 
  [ eats macaron with new muslim friends ] [ friends swam to finland ] [ only macaron ], 
  does n't matter . 
  they can be both . 
  they may be running from war , but while they 're at it they might think it a good idea to go to the fabled lands of free money and riches that are germany and sweden . 
  once they get there the reality will sink in quickly . 
  ca n't wait to see what they will do then . 
  economic migrants , should be sent back in bulk . 
  the country is safe and should be good enough for albanians and refugees alike . 
  i do n't think the refugees , nor us , have the right to refuse this offer . 
  that was about the stupidest thing i can think of that you could possibly have done short of shooting at the refugees . 
  it 's mindboggling really . 
  making an incursion into another sovereign country to dump your refugees is just a big big big no no . 
  nobody does that . 
  ever . 
  there are so many other ways . 
  and this was noticed everywhere and it will be remembered . 
  lying about it gives extra style points of course . 
  math still off by factor of 100 . 
  60 years becomes 7.2 months . 
  in general i agree . 
  we do n't need to panic yet . 
  but your math is 100x off . 
  those rumored unlimited quotas are going to be a hard sell to the electorate . 
  we can probably take the currently proposed ~ 530 without too much pain . 
  i 'm actually quite curious what the refugees will do when they arrive . 
  i think we should take about 10 like now . 
  just to see what the actual plan is and how it works in reality . 
  edit : i mean now as in right now , today . 
  looking at those women talk . 
  i would run , swim , tunnel , do anything to get out of there . 
  jihad yourself and avenge your martyrs . 
  true humanitarians . 
  `` we have hearts , but we also have heads '' . 
  use neither . 
  peoples of the village put sheep in the beehive . 
  sheep was not of fitting . 
  `` this man is of lies '' , peoples shouted . 
  man was put in of tar and of feathers . 
  then put to fire . 
  man run and run . 
  peoples laugh very strong . 
  but village is burn . 
  the end . 
  yes , on the surface it looks tempting to go to one of the countries with high wages and make 4k/month or something . 
  but then your rent is like 2k , you get a coffee from a cafeteria for 8 . 
  need a haircut , that 'll be 60 . 
  god forbid if you have a child and have to pay for kindergarden . 
  in the end you can afford a nicer car and a bigger tv , but otherwise your life is not really better . 
  the radiator sprung a leak and the room is flooded . 
  so let 's set the house on fire - german solutions as of late . 
   if living space is the wrong word the right word is lebensraum . 
  and there 's never enough . 
  is the the slovenian border open ? 
  what 's next for them ? 
   machete was that donated by the german volunteers ? 
  and majority is a plethora of other , more hardline , religious sects . 
  is n't it obvious . 
  we 're talking about sweden here . 
  there 's an abundance of only one of those . 
  probably just someone sorting his nades . 
  one must have gone off . 
  accidents happen . 
  behead those who bring extremism to poland . 
  i own a glock 19 . 
  shot a box of ammo through it once at the range . 
  it 's been sitting in the closet ever since . 
  i just like to know it 's there . 
   fighting alone i thought there where 1.2 m this year only . 
  public is mostly opposed . 
  government is willing . 
  to quote the minister of economic affairs ( kristen michal ) from today 's news : `` looking at the economy we are actually facing a shortage of working hands . 
  this may be a boon for the economy . '', 
  denmark should take a closer look at what they are funding under the guise of science . 
  here 's where the hippiness actually comes from . 
   other fun stuff grenades, 
   a small safe zone that can host tens of thousand , if not more , people is not longer small small compared to iraq and afghanistan . 
   pipe-dreams stay pipe-dreams and reality stays reality . 
  800,000 asylum applications in germany this year . 
  let 's see what the year 2016 brings . 
  negotiating and recognizing or supporting are different things . 
  us has actively negotiated with al qaeda repeatedly . 
  then who do we negotiate with ? 
  the sand ? 
  the wind ? 
  yes we fucking negotiate with assad , or isis , or the devil himself . 
  we have to put an end to the horrors that drive the refugees . 
  no more than recognizing any of the factions , al nusra , isil , what have you . 
  not offically , but de facto , yes . 
  can not interfere outside the zone , that would doom the project . 
   you 'd invade syria then . 
  where would it be ? 
  probably assad territory . 
  i think he would be open to negotiations . 
  he 's weakened and likely wants out anyway and would support peace at the most reasonable terms . 
  assad is also on the coast , which would be good . 
  so north coast of syria on the turkish border . 
   who would lead this intervention ?
