  just the kind of engineering brilliance germany needs . 
  haha , i see you 're joking there . 
  but mama merkel has had many a sleepless night . 
  how could things have gone to shit so quickly ? 
  but now she knows who to blame . 
  you , along with the rest of eastern europe . 
  and she is ready to show die macht . 
  your fence will be of no help . 
  there is no patient . 
  there is a victim of abuse . 
  but what about democracy ? 
  i hate this type of titles . 
  i know there is a subreddit policy that headlines should be unchanged , but this should not apply to clickbait titles . 
   suspect is seriously injured and is being operated on i really hope they can save him so he gets a nice solitary cell he can play ps2 games in for the next 80 years . 
  i also hope none of his retarded manifestos get published , analyzed and scrutinized outside the psychiatric community . 
  i also hope to never see his face . 
  pretty cool picture . 
  has sort of a biblical vibe . 
  will it be in the history books a hundred years from now ? 
  and what would the text say ? 
  america help , russia is so scray send some troops please , please , pleeeease . 
  but remember , you disgust us and we wo n't do business with killers like you . 
  estonia is supposed to bring in the first ~ 20 by christmas . 
  why is it a human right that the state ca n't whip your ass ? 
  but imprisoning a person for years on end is perfectly fine . 
  in germany certainly . 
  but these other countries are sovereign states and german votes are worth nothing . 
  according to our constitution estonian sovereignty is timeless and inalienable . 
  admittedly , the constitution is confusing and counts for very little recently . 
  what if islam was n't a religion , but a political party . 
  with a program that gays should be stoned , women are inferior and insulting or even drawing the leader of said party is punishable by death . 
  would it be okay to discriminate then ? 
  if yes , please explain why . 
  can anyone provide a link to that hungarian graph that showed incoming migrants per day ? 
   johan backman say no more . 
  if by euro crisis you mean greece then they got ~ 90b . 
  we wo n't hear about it until they 've pissed it away . 
  should be a couple of years . 
  poor english . 
  i do n't think that 's what he meant . 
  what 's the kelkebaara ? 
  i stand corrected of course . 
  glorious brain drain is triumph for the motherland . 
  it still counts as a hunger strike if they only eat at night . 
  even god does n't see in the dark . 
  not very hard . 
  i 'd say moderately hard , but it 's a somewhat long process . 
  psych test is more or less just to make sure you can hold a coherent conversation and are n't obviously insane . 
   your picture of sweden as a place where swedes are all doctors and immigrants work for a pittance is wrong . 
  the students that told you this are idiots ... or they are pushing some political point first . 
  that is not my picture of sweden . 
  second . 
  this was not a political debate where people were pushing agendas . 
  we were students talking about life in estonia and sweden . 
  what are the expectations , aspirations and prospects . 
  how do common people live . 
  what 's different , whats common . 
  just talking about interesting stuff you want to talk about with people from different countries . 
  talking to swedish students it came out in a conversation that there are jobs the swedish youths just wo n't take . 
  for basically any money . 
  because they are not seen as attractive and fulfilling career paths . 
  this can be a huge problem for society and economy . 
  i think their plan is to follow the swedish lead . 
  the swedes found themselves in a tricky position a couple of decades ago . 
  the people who had worked hard in factories and mines and done a lot of hard work had brought up a generation of children that were highly educated and used to good life . 
  and they wanted rewarding and high paying jobs . 
  and sweden could provide those too . 
  the pesky thing was that someone had to haul garbage , unclog toilets , clean streets , and cook and wait at the restaurants . 
  swedes were not happy doing these things themselves . 
  the brilliant plan was to invite immigrants . 
  unlike slaves , they did not need to be caught and shipped over in chains . 
  they would come themselves , in worse conditions , and be grateful for the opportunity . 
  all they asked was a few kroner . 
  the morality and sustainability of this is debatable , but it worked . 
  the swedes own wages and quality of life went up . 
  photography skills have certainly gone down since 1929 . 
   believe that there are 53 areas in sweden that you literally can not enter without being killed . 
  i think of no go zones as areas where women in warm weather clothes ca n't enter due to very high likelihood of getting abused . 
  i 'm not in anglosphere though . 
  i thank trump for finally making some eu leaders actually realize that . 
  i 'm saying the image makes it look smaller than it is , like you could comfortably hold it in your palm . 
  it looks like this tiny little thing , but its actually quite a piece of gear . 
  looks more like a kettlebell and has some heft to it too . 
  that image seems a bit misleading . 
  sure . 
  the thing is expensive . 
  https://www.amazon.com/medela-lactina-select-hospital-breast/dp/b001us6ov0 milk never comes into contact with the machine . 
  all the plastic stuff you buy new . 
  milk goes straight from funnel to bottle . 
  the one i recently rented looked like this : http://medused.com/mmsel/images/53063-01.jpg full metal case , built like a brick , weighed about 4-5 kg . 
  and he has always been right . 
  if greece had been kicked out back in the summer of 2015 brexit would not have happened . 
  cameron started the process to leave eu in response to britain being forced to bail out greece . 
  or that some old western european countries have different traditions/are more invested in tradition and just put `` old age '' as cause of death . 
  that would certainly be nice and give a measurable value , but it would be dominated by all the numerous small countries . 
  the eyeball picks up the bigger trends . 
  hmm , correlation is pretty strong with this one https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/best-countries-to-live-europe.jpg, 
  have a scooby snack, 
  major centers in terms of population and economy are absolutely tiny on the map . 
  good luck trying to find london for example .
