  compare that to the others like 53-6 and it becomes much more obvious . 
  they are as far as karma goes ( which i do n't care about either ) . 
  but they symbolize who disagrees and agrees with you , even though that is completely against reddit 's rules . 
  and that was n't personally to you :3 either way just saying , that could n't be the only reason . 
  the dude got bombarded even when he was pointing it out . 
  well , he was contributing to the discussion and if you are downvoting him just because you do n't like that line you are doing it wrong . 
  and he clearly gets the same thing whatever wording he chooses . 
  sure , let 's say that 's why . 
  `` as a musli - ... '' `` fuuuck this guuuy downvote hiim ! '', 
  since arabs , arabic and arab culture is the center of sunni islam i would n't be surprised if that was his intention , his family came from georgia though . 
  ... are you turkish/live in turkey ? 
  that was some pretty bad turkish . 
  still , that whiteness thing has always been a shit storm . 
  some only consider scandinavians and anglo-saxons to be white , some only west + north europeans , some all europeans , some all europeans , north africans and indians and so on . 
  let 's just abandon it all together . 
  edit : oh goodness , the dude deleted his account . 
  poor guy . 
  pretty sure ethnic turks were more similar to mongols than europeans , who gives a shit anyway . 
  i like my beard and body hair . 
   how is it ridiculous to want to live in a homogenous society ? 
  i 'll address this refugee thing once and for all , of course some refugees are going to commit crime and be violent because they 've grown up in war !, 
  of course they are not going to be 10/10 upstanding citizens instantly !, 
  there are perfectly valid reasons to not want them in with your perfect being , mainly economic and convenience . 
  it 's a moral issue , no ? 
   there is no human right to move anywhere you want , where to you get this notion ? 
  i should clarify that i do not think all humans are free to travel wherever they want , but rather they should or must be . 
  because where you live should not be decided by the vagina you launched from and every human should be able to decide where they like best . 
  it 's a purely utopic idea i know , but we can do it . 
  if you only want to live in a white european place you are racist , very very much so . 
   i am from estonia , i am from one of the countries people are leaving from because you can not earn compatible money here and it is hurting everyone it 's not hurting everyone , it 's hurting you or people you know which is why you are against it . 
  the people who 've got out are going about their business just fine hopefully . 
   estonian state only exists because of estonians , it is not wrong to ask the migrants to learn the language or assimilate . 
  european nationalism rears it 's ugly head again . 
  just disappointing and sad . 
  anyways , it is of course not wrong to expect them to learn the local language . 
  however they should be able to practice whatever kind of ritual they want within law that is not blatantly against them like the swiss minaret ban . 
  sure , as long as they do n't hurt the locals ( like they did previously ) it 's all fair game indeed . 
  not liking other people is not a human right . 
  uhhh , you are repeating yourself ...  you probably do n't mind when an african leader uses the word `` our '' or `` we '' or an asian leader or a muslim leader . 
  kinda strange how that works . 
  better to let your culture be destroyed by people who have no intention on assimilating than to seem `` racist '' and i said ;  i do mind it . 
  i find those equally bad and racist . 
  stop assuming so much . 
  i 'm strongly against islam/all religions . 
  just because they are asian or african or whatever else does n't mean they are immune to nuttery just like europeans . 
  you should back your doomsday talks with some evidence , evidence that is n't `` i saw a brown guy on the news !!! '', 
  i am personally extremely creeped out . 
  is this some kind of experimental argument bot or something ? 
  i do n't want to be in a survey . 
  do n't think you have grasped it , especially in it 's modern context . 
  your conservative/regressive views are worse , no ? 
  what we are going into is pseudo history , but alright i 'll go there . 
  we also know that literally all humans have worshiped something , does it mean we should keep worshiping things or will everything break down with heathens in charge ? 
  although we should most definitely learn from history , following uneducated and hostile humans years ago instead of embracing each other is honestly pure lunacy . 
  again , i do n't think you understand nationalism itself . 
  either google it or read up on wikipedia . 
  i 'm very tired to explain . 
  i 'll just say this though , you are right that humans segregate , there 's no question about that . 
  but who and what they avoid is very much defined and taught to them , if not indoctrinated . 
  you have to ask yourself , why does/did race ( which has no definitive meaning and can be tied to literally anything ) , religion and ethnicity divide people ? 
  i 've just answered something like this , i 'll copy paste my previous post since what you are saying is nearly identical to the one i answered . 
  my main issue here is the 19th-20th century european nationalism that just wo n't go away . 
  human rights , if one desires to move to a place without hurting anyone they are entitled to do so . 
  this keeping your japanese/african ( the continent is extremely diverse , one can not comment on being `` african '' ) / swiss/whatever talk is a ridiculous product of 19th-20th century european nationalism and it 's long overdue we abandon this kind of thinking , it has taken enough lives already . 
  humans being inherently hierarchical might be true but that 's probably because every social animal is , but using history to prove racism and nationalism is pseudoscience at best . 
  before man may even begin to think of segregation he must first define what he 's segregating himself with . 
  a certain lack/abundance of melanin ? 
  believing in a different god ? 
  having long hair ? 
  these are not biological but rather ideological issues . 
  before i can argue further though you have to be crystal clear on what culture is . 
  now i will answer your comment ;  why does every country have to be an increasing mix of races and ethnicity ? 
  there 's no such thing . 
  no country has to be that . 
  but if other ethnicities and such want to come over they are entitled to so as a human right as long as they do not hurt others . 
  and no , being visually unappealing is not hurting someone . 
   what is wrong with encouraging the natives to have children nothing , but it 's pointless . 
  they should not have to be forced/encouraged to have children outside of their will . 
  that 's a recipe for disaster . 
   only way germany for example is keeping their population up is by immigration , there is something seriously wrong with this , especially as it is happening extremely fast . 
  no , i would say there is nothing wrong with that . 
   i am from a country with low birth rate and one of the biggest amount of non native people ( they are from a neighboring country , it is about culture and language ) and it causes a lot of problems for everyone , they do not integrate or contribute if they over reach a certain % of population which country ? 
  i 'm sorry you 've had problems with trouble makers . 
  how about you treat them like fellow humans ? 
  that means if they do x crime prosecute them and do not make sweeping generalizations and accusations like that . 
  do you know what ethnically-indigenous means ? 
   why do you care if an african country wants to preserve their culture by not letting outsiders in ? 
  why do you care if japan wants to keep their country japanese ? 
  why do you care what the swiss are doing ? 
  human rights , if one desires to move to a place without hurting anyone they are entitled to do so . 
  this keeping your japanese/african ( the continent is extremely diverse , one can not comment on being `` african '' ) / swiss/whatever talk is a ridiculous product of 19th-20th century european nationalism and it 's long overdue we abandon this kind of thinking , it has taken enough lives already . 
  humans being inherently hierarchical might be true but that 's probably because every social animal is , but using history to prove racism and nationalism is pseudoscience at best . 
  before man may even begin to think of segregation he must first define what he 's segregating himself with . 
  a certain lack/abundance of melanin ? 
  believing in a different god ? 
  having long hair ? 
  these are not biological but rather ideological issues . 
  before i can argue further though you have to be crystal clear on what those beliefs are . 
  i do mind it . 
  i find those equally bad and racist .
