  imia ( greek : \u038a\u03bc\u03b9\u03b1 ) or kardak that 's like saying * there is no such place as greece . 
  it 's rumeli . 
  ba\u015fbu\u011f :( i read his new book when i was away . 
  he 's a brilliant man , shame we let him get knocked around like this . 
  utterly surreal . 
  europe is n't a continent either . 
  come here my man . 
  accept turkification . 
  it 'll be better for both of us . 
  it 's for the greater good . 
   what do you think will happen when 76m muslims have free roam over most of the eu ? 
  muslims are actually liquid . 
  they will simply * spill * into eu once they are allowed to . 
  seriously though , what a dehumanizing thought process . 
  99 % is not muslim . 
  99 % is registered as muslim . 
  also ( not ) known as the turkish genocide but let 's not bother the europeans with that . 
  someone else is waiting in line * wink * . 
  be the change you want to see . 
  * macedonia, 
  but you hang negroes !, 
  the hypocrisy of this dude . 
  i reported ( and mods later deleted ) much of your comments and you 're still unbanned . 
  shut it . 
   tolerance unless if it 's for the sake of * social cohesion * of course . 
  then it 's more what you call guidelines than actual rules, 
  your optimism is nice . 
  who gives a shit , it 's a relic of the past . 
  exactly . 
  that argument is fundamentally flawed . 
  check / r/badhistory or / r/badanthropology for more people shitting on video gamey analyses . 
  turanism is one of the stupidest ideologies i 've ever seen . 
   i indeed support turan ( turkic union ) http://i.imgur.com/tatdv.gif, 
   turkey is sadly still in muslim civilization region real life is n't a video game . 
  i wanted to parody the guys telling me to go back to asia in here , had a few . 
  apparently you should update your sarcasm detection software . 
  you guys ca n't possibly believe shit this ridiculous is serious . 
  * i said europeans , go back to faturikkka shitlord . 
  they wo n't share the load , man . 
  we have a similar one called kurdish , weird one that is . 
  pretty sure i can defend myself pretty well with mustard gas . 
  it 's deterrence bro . 
  i think it 's nonsensical . 
  if i want a weapon i want explosives or gas that will make someone shit their guts out . 
  not a wimpy ar-15 . 
  but i do n't . 
  i think there are way too many guns in the us to ban them but they can definitely use more regulations . 
  liberty is a great until i do n't like it . 
  this is simply a majority bullying a minority . 
  they should be able to wear whatever the fuck they want in public although i am sure islamophobes will inevitably do everything they can to prevent this in both public and private property . 
  i do n't think i can take that court ( and france to a degree ) seriously anymore . 
  they can have a dress code . 
  there is no need to be upset . 
  more religious bullcrap and declining opportunities . 
  guy wishes good luck , gets downvoted . 
  nice going . 
  hello my white friend . 
  it must indeed be nice to call the president a shit licking goat fucker and get laughs instead of cops on your door :(, 
  it should be a right to vote in wherever you live . 
  nationalism 's got ta stop . 
  it used to be even stronger before murrica decided they wanted to kick some commie ass through coups . 
  not just ignorance or anything , that is straight up insanity . 
  / r/monarchism, 
  kind of left ? 
  i do n't think it should ever be allowed . 
  a person living abroad will inevitably have a skewed view of the country and vote accordingly . 
  here meaning the country that i live in . 
  erdo\u011fan is a gargantuan cunt and he 's only doing this to get the votes of turks in europe . 
   you will learn to speak fluent german and will carry your relations with the austrian community to an excellent level but you will not be assimilated . 
  but i do n't think what he said was wrong . 
  i think this was a perfectly fine thing to say . 
  besides , why are they even allowed to vote in turkish elections ? 
  they 're in austria and they should concern themselves with austrian affairs . 
  they have next to no idea what is going on here but think they do ( this goes for much of the internet as well ) . 
  how many times has this guy bitched about `` pc '' ? 
  what is the possibility of someone barging in and declaring himself king and having it recognized ? 
   military preparedness if that 's what you want to call it bud . 
  fixed . 
  this is n't polandball , keep it ~ ~ there ~ ~ to yourself . 
  it 's at 17-2 , chill . 
   i 'm not racist , but * fucked up conversation . 
  and they do n't need nuclear energy . 
  i am not suggesting anything , i just posted the video because i think the dude made some good points . 
  i do n't expect people to watch it since i got downvoted 6 minutes in while the video itself is 9 minutes long . 
  it 's not meant to be a credible source of information . 
  it 's not like we are nuclear scientists with no biases here . 
  we are regular people pretending we know something about the subject at hand and trying to discuss it . 
  probably because it was not a debate . 
  i shared it because i felt it could create one . 
  picked out of context . 
  how does this apply to nuclear energy being safe ? 
  also please / r/europe i beg you , do . 
  not . 
  downvote . 
  i 'm ron burgundy ?? 
  also a lot of vote rigging and general fraud . 
  it was really shady and i have no doubt akp will do ** anything ** to stay in power . 
  well ... 
  aside from this being a very morbid picture , mirin those forearms . 
  % 65 of all statistics are made up on the spot .
