  end of discussion . 
  greeks were defeated back in 1453 and they lost the city . 
  the only thing that needs to be done is them finally getting over it . 
  if they can get azerbaijan to give it to them then by all means go for it . 
  i really do n't think kosovo is my case . 
  i 'll leave that to you . 
  some akpers were even yelling `` you greek seeds ! '', 
  a while ago in \u0130zmir . 
  some bullshit clash of civilizations level stuff right here . 
  what about them ? 
  indeed . 
  it 's their territory , period . 
  that has to do with their relations with azerbaijan though . 
  it is . 
  the lefties are coming for your hard earned wealth , boo, 
  good on them . 
  hope they can discourage individuals from claiming land . 
  we do n't need this shit right now . 
   however , turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan recently proposed the creation of a joint armenian-turkish commission to review the issue , though officials expressed confidence that the study would confirm turkey 's current position . 
  in other news , a joint commission to review the issue by europeans would confirm their current position . 
  i repeat , this will never happen unless we get our own recognition . 
  you 're calling me a putrid revisionist troll ? 
  lead by example . 
  what is this the genocide olympics ? 
  you claim it 's more severe but the moment i claim more turks have died than armenians i 'll get exactly this ; `` the severity does n't matter , the intent does ! '', 
  face it , you 're not objective . 
  i am not objective . 
  let 's just shut the fuck up and walk away . 
  if europeans had not occupied , annexed the rest of the world nor raped or murdered millions earthlings throughout the hundreds of years of occupation . 
  then we can talk about how the europeans suffered as well . 
  we just fucked with the wrong people . 
  if we did the same to africans it 'd just be `` some bad thing that happened in the past . '', 
  then we 'd laugh at people who tried to claim reparations for slavery . 
  we could 've just called all of them massacres and moved on but no , you need to bitch . 
  i 'm not saying he should n't do it , hell i 'm not even saying he should make one for the other side . 
  i was just stating my opinion but i have been thoroughly reminded that it 's not ok to say that . 
  also i actually do n't . 
  i have no problems with people not acknowledging turkish deaths , just stop bickering about armenian ones . 
  we do n't give a fuck about either one . 
  that 's what foreigners do n't seem to understand . 
  this has been going on for a long while . 
  people are getting desperate . 
  no education + desperation = violence/conflict all i 'm getting are nonsensically pseudopragmatic statements that wo n't get anybody anywhere . 
  if they were tenants of course they would 've moved out , just think , why is there so much outrage ? 
  because they are inconvenienced slightly and those damn poors feeling entitled ? 
  i agree that they need to get a let 's say better and wider view on economy but they are the right ones here . 
  also i 'm pretty sure you 're still not a billionaire , this is literally evidence that you 're lazy and entitled . 
  you have to ask that to the government , not me . 
  i can dig up some old reddit answers but i fear it would n't be satisfactory . 
  actually no , some of them owned those houses for generations . 
  tends to be why they are in such an expensive spot in the first place . 
  but damn you really are unskilled at life are n't you ? 
  why are you not bill gates yet ? 
  uh , you literally said turkish children were not mutilated and i just showed you cold hard evidence and you 're going off on whataboutery . 
  ironically the thing you guys downvote me for . 
  social alienation wo n't change opinions , you 're already beneath most people including me . 
  bring it . 
  bring all your insults and downvotes . 
  it wo n't change a damn thing and that frustrates you . 
  armenians will keep crying and we 'll drink their tears and have a giggle . 
  [ bullshit , do n't talk out of your arrogant ass . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims#mediaviewer/file:dourmouche,_a_boy_wounded_and_hand_cut_off..png ) see , no one knows or cares about our side . 
  do we care ? 
  we do n't and we like it that way . 
  no dude , be a billionaire right now . 
  launch into billionaire land right now . 
  it 's very easy . 
  no they do n't . 
  they fully acknowledge armenians massacred by turks , kurds and such . 
  but that 's it . 
  armenians want more , like reparations and that 's not going to happen so they 'll just have to throw tantrums for a while and we 'll just ignore them . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't see anyone whining about that one . 
  i would n't be bothered by this if friggin everybody did n't fall for it every god damn election . 
  hope he also makes movies about the + million turk deaths as well . 
  i would n't call them entitled terrorist , i would call them naive terrorists . 
  also lol `` just make more money '' . 
  their homes were demolished without their consent and they were in ten thousands of dollars in debt out of nowhere . 
  just be a billionaire , seriously . 
  just do it / u/gingor . 
  i demand you to become a billionaire . 
  it 's really not that hard . 
  you 're not lazy are you ? 
  istanbul is more populous than greece . 
  that 's just stupidity . 
  someone should fly black & white flags with `` lick me '' written in arabic just to piss people off . 
  basically in this country literally ( yes , literally ) everything positive is used by the current ruling party ( every party ) to stroke their own ego and supposedly show people why they are awesome . 
  anything negative is just something that happens . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gbtcsdhz58 so confrontational , easy it . 
  it 's so easy to look up . 
  i 'm not getting the vibe that you genuinely want to know more about this . 
  which part of it has not been proven or have you never looked into it/you 're trying to be contrarian ? 
  *** `` it 's not supposed to be proof or gospel '' ***, 
  [ from a link i recently posted here . 
  it 's not supposed to be proof or gospel , it just summarizes it semi decently . 
  ] ( http://thesocialhumanist.com/2014/08/10/turkish-presidential-election-results/ ), 
  yes . 
   erdogan 's party , akp , is widely known to have [ purchased votes ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gbtcsdhz58 ) through bribery , held extravagant rallies in order to spread propaganda , threatened workers to gain their votes , and printed fake vote ballots to cheat the system through electoral fraud . 
  furthermore , the moderate islamic party has disproportionate access to financial funds , total control over news media , and state resources such as the police . 
  yes , his legitimacy is questioned constantly for good reason .
