  why stop at immigrants ? 
  * all undesirables should be out !, 
  i know you are sarcastic but i have a problem with moderate and extremist terms . 
  there 's no guarantee that a moderate wo n't join an extremist group or have a change in mind and vice versa . 
  these binary terms wo n't get us anywhere . 
  the whole region is a clusterfuck that needs to be observed from a distance for some time . 
  [ pretty darn close . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/22ox1w/what_is_fascism/ ), 
   and i have over 300 confirmed mockeries of the unemployed wot, 
  i literally never said ottomans were not corrupt . 
  they just did n't give a shit about much . 
   that mentality also became part of us after so many years of being under the ottomans . 
  then came the commies too which worsened it . 
  sources please . 
  yes , it is this simple . 
  you solved it big guy . 
  no it 's not . 
  this is how simple minds think ( inb4 dae think he is the simple minded one ) . 
  it 's always someone else 's fault that romania was not a 1st world country , it 's the turk , nazis , communism , eu and whatever 's on the news today . 
  it 's never complicated . 
  if only these devils left romania alone so it could ascend to greatness and become an example of advanced civilisation . 
  false , they were not christians . 
  they had to convert to islam . 
  what he said literally made no sense , to be nice i asked him what he meant instead of asking him what the fuck he was on about . 
  what do you mean ? 
  nobody is complaining about anything . 
  you assume wrong . 
  i thought it was more like ;  to teach ( a person or group of people ) to behave in a way that you think is more polite and gentle ottomans never did this . 
  giving equal rights to christians was opposed by christians themselves because it would mean serving in the military , they 'd rather pay their way out of it . 
  christians slaughtered or deported muslims in every place they conquered in the same time frame . 
  this is why i pointed it out . 
  that 's what civilisation means ? 
  good things ? 
  indeed . 
  that 's not exactly neutral , that 's the point . 
  all men are equal , but some are more equal than others . 
  also it 's pretty funny , i could literally apologize for what my team did centuries ago ( and lick habsburg ass of course plus ignore the other team 's faults ) and these guys would still downvote me . 
   i ca n't tell if you are being sarcastic or not , but it seems to me that you are woefully unfamiliar with romanian history . 
  what even a child who has taken a basic history class on the history of romanians knows is that before the turkish invasion the romanian principalities were on the verge of becoming the equivalents of modern day switzerland . 
   in the resulting wars moldavia single-handedly staved off the ottomans for decades through acts of incredible bravery and heroic self-sacrifice . 
   this resistance took a heavy toll on moldavia , and the country could never achieve the affluence that was ready to fall into its lap if only the turks had stayed in asia where they belonged with the other primitive hordes of their kind . 
  nations never romanticize their history , never . 
  `` cultural '' christian is what it 's called i reckon . 
  i 'm not muslim either . 
  also allah damn it / r/europe stop downvoting arguments . 
  yeah , and christians literally killed or deported muslims on sight . 
  at least ottomans let you do whatever you want , in fact , they gave so little fucks that the governors could do whatever they wanted . 
  of course as a christian you 'd prefer the habsburgs . 
  also lol this is a conversation straight out of the 16th century . 
  yes , it 's the turks fault that corruption is the norm in romania . 
  it was all rainbows and progressiveness everywhere pre-turk . 
  only if the habsburgs could save you and help you with their good hearts . 
  no true neutral . 
  dat civilized in quote marks . 
  also sweden helping out the germans . 
  damn son , he deleted every comment . 
  what happened here ? 
  explain ? 
  oh snap , he finally lashed out . 
  translation ;  spineless ass licker , bastard who supports the enemy of the turk, 
  greece is in a terrible situation right now , it is our duty to help greeks get back up . 
  lol , what did he say ? 
  joe biden is fucking hilarious . 
  i love that guy . 
  hello my white friend . 
  guys i got this , they are really all christian turks who were manipulated by the allies in the 1800s . 
  do n't bother , this guy is our subreddit jester in / r/turkey . 
  turks who live in germany are called `` almanc\u0131 '' meaning germaner . 
  also that is n't special to istanbul , the aegean coast is pretty progressive . 
  ( \u0e07 \u0360 \u00b0 \u035f\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) \u0e07 resistance is futile . 
  it 's not imperialism , it 's bringing stability to the region . 
  \u1555 ( \u141b ) \u1557 let 's do this , it is in the rums ' interest to join us . 
  wow how dare you ? 
  you must submit to america and *** be an american !, 
  you are not loyal to the nation . 
  that was n't personally to you though . 
  damn , that 's pretty impressive . 
  however this right here is not special to turks and neither does it justifies comments like `` it is the reason why you are and always will be such an inferior and inbred nation '' . 
   the problem with the turks is that not only they do n't assimilate , but on top of this they consider themselves superior and use their overseas conmunities for lobbying and influencing other countries ' policies . 
  according to zbigniew brzezinski the top three lobbyists are israelis , cubans and armenians , let 's call them inferior and inbred too . 
  this right here is persecution complex , folks . 
  [ relevant xkcd . 
  ] ( http://xkcd.com/1102/ ), 
  europistan/eurabia . 
  [ same pleasant chap who posted this pure example of brilliance . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/27tp1q/what_are_reuropes_views_on_this_quote_from/ci4cbeq?context=3 ), 
  do n't forget that most `` immigrant '' turks were born in germany when most of the work force came in the 70s-60s . 
  they have no duties beyond what they think their duties are . 
  their background does not and should not put pressure on them to do anything . 
  i do n't know where you got owing things from and neither are armenians relevant here . 
  i 'm not going on deranged ramblings every time i see a western european about how they do n't pay the children of slaves . 
  * you 're one of the good ones . 
  both the natives and the immigrants are at fault here . 
  many of them isolate themselves because they perceive assimilation is forced on them and that they are not welcome . 
  force it more and they 'll shield themselves even more . 
  i 'm not suggesting what should be done because i 'm not a social scientist . 
  what percentage of turks do this and how much of them go unnoticed because they are not as loud as these guys ? 
  this seems to be blown way out of proportion . 
  because most of them were born in germany and that line is associated more with racists and xenophobes ( both emotionally charged terms here i know ) . 
  it 's not like they are going to germany for a vacation that they simply can fly back .
