  hell , a family member of mine was abducted by taliban in afghanistan ( he was a contractor , building roads or some such ) . 
  you literally have no idea what you are talking about yet talk with so much confidence . 
  just please take my advice and be reasonable , you are a part of the problem . 
  i did n't say speaking against religion is bad , * the way it 's done * currently by most people is horrid . 
  well , if you are going to throw tantrums whenever you see a thing you heavily disagree with ( because most people tend to look at it as if it 's a one dimensional thing ) you are n't going to get anywhere . 
  that 's the thing , i 'm not even a muslim . 
  i think mindless hate vs mindless hate is well , mindless so i defend muslims ( not islam , i think islam is stupid like all abrahamic religions ) and most people who dislike islam also dislike some more things hint hint . 
  yeah , fuck them for not having a responsibility to do something just because they were born there . 
  it 's so easy to `` fix '' entire countries and populations ( do you not see how ridiculous this sounds ? ) . 
  if they are not satisfied they should be able to live in a place where they are satisfied . 
  `` genes '' are not as simple as `` african , asian and glorius aryan '' . 
  i knew that video would come up , i responded to this a while ago . 
   the fundamental flaw in that video 's argument is that allowing immigration is to `` make a humanitarian difference '' or `` doing what the elite says '' . 
  it 's simply freedom of movement . 
   literally no one says `` huh , they denied me access to this awesome fenced off land , better help my dying countrymen !, 
   `` if we denied access to them they would change ( change what and how ? ), 
  things , because they are the most dissatisfied ! '', 
  he really is sure about that is n't he ? 
   nobody is `` bringing in '' immigrants . 
  if people want to move somewhere they should be able to . 
  also lol / r/islamunveiled, 
  whoa , what is going on in there ? 
  why is the video ( and op ) downvoted + disliked so much ? 
  it 's a eurocentric concept . 
  man , you 'd be surprised at how much i get `` typical turk + muslim !!, 
  ! / turks are killers ! '', 
  thanks for this , needs to be stickied . 
   i 'm going from the interests of europe not the migrant let 's be real , you do n't care about `` the other '' . 
  might as well just say `` shoot 'em all on sight ! '', 
  like someone else did a while ago here in / r/europe . 
  either be honest to yourself or do n't talk in the first place . 
  i think it 's `` borders '' by the way . 
  i was told i had to attend all of them and not doing so was a crime , it was 2 hours a week and i 'm in the most liberal town ever ^ ^ ^ dem ^ ^ ^ toplesswomenyo , this is false . 
  the teachers claimed that `` everybody was born a muslim but then indoctrinated out of the true faith '' and that literally everyone even babies with leukemia deserved to die because it was their fate decided by allah . 
  but then again i was being very euphoric because i did n't agree that this thing straight out of a comedy should n't be taught by a so called secular government . 
  the teachers got angry and yelled at me and said i was irrational and godless . 
  it was pure lunacy . 
   i still have n't seen a better idea than australian off shore detention , preferably done without the abuses . 
  rent some islands off of greece and croatia , or some other remote but not unpleasant area , islands are nice because no barbed wire is needed . 
  build europe wide processing centres . 
  i suppose we could then allow people there to enter the legal route to citizenship or to return home , this avoids the open door . 
  no offense but a significant amount of mental gymnastics seem to be went through to rationalize this absolutely horrifying idea . 
  you need to put yourself in their shoes to understand why they would want to move in the first place and what treatment you would be ok with if you were to switch lives . 
  they are humans not cattle . 
  you do n't simply move people around like that . 
  we have some of these guys stopping by us to get into eu , some of them decide to stay . 
  we do n't care . 
  i love how little of a fuck we give . 
  even our border guards do n't care . 
  only if they just said no to eu back then :( i could 've been relaxing with my harem in vienna . 
  lol / u/ramblinrambo called me a `` typical muslim defending such a barbaric religion somethingsomething '' hilarious and depressing . 
   what could happen today without the presence of a single calming force on the world stage ? 
   iran led middle-east + no israel hahahahaha ... hwat ? 
   we are not like the usa or canada who are blessed with the gift to assimilate peoples of disparate ethnicities into the dominant culture . 
   we must keep x y !, 
  i got your problem , bud . 
  who is this mysterious elite ? 
  the fundamental flaw in that video 's argument is that allowing immigration is to `` make a humanitarian difference '' or `` doing what the elite says '' . 
  it 's simply freedom of movement . 
  literally no one says `` huh , they denied me access to this awesome fenced off land , better help my dying countrymen !, 
  `` if we denied access to them they would change ( change what and how ? ), 
  things , because they are the most dissatisfied ! '', 
  he really is sure about that is n't he ? 
  nobody is `` bringing in '' immigrants . 
  if people want to move somewhere they should be able to . 
   orrection , only westerners do . 
  globalized , perhaps . 
  but only western world lives in multiculturalism what the . . ? 
  do you know just how diverse some asian countries are ? 
  so yes , far right . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ daaaaaamn, 
   humans will never unanimously buy into a system that tells them they can not acquire more than they need why not ? 
  we have laws against monopolies and insider trading and such . 
  why not let everyone ruthlessly climb their way into the top ? 
  and hire our own police force and doctors ? 
  anti-israel not being anti-jewish is closer to anti-saudi arabia not being anti-arabism, 
  actually , `` moroccans '' is a liquid which is why some say `` we dun want em pourin in ! '', 
  damn son, 
  if someone says things that some people consider racist and get called out on it , they should n't whine about how other people are labeling them racist ( strange that they think other people are merely whining about racism and being anti-immigration or what not , it changes peoples lives and it 's more serious than getting milk thrown at you by a moroccan or getting mugged ) and vote for these individuals . 
  it 's their own weakness that they ca n't take the consequences ( which are just other words , unlike literally being deported or denied access ) of their words and lash out by being hateful . 
  look at me , i 'm getting insults and mass downvotes thrown at me , you think that is going to convince anyone that most people for no/less immigration are rational individuals and not emotionally charged single issue voters ? 
  and do n't get me wrong , i 'm absolutely sure that there are loads of arguments that make sense for less immigration , this is just not it . 
  do n't get this comment , elaborate ? 
  alright , mostly racist right wingers share your views too . 
  let 's ignore each other ( sad you ignored the rest of my post , effort was put into that , it 's my baby ) and preach to our respective choirs . 
   they do n't need to get in line and they are n't spoiled , they do n't want to see europe open its borders to anybody and everybody and they are perfectly correct in doing so ; calling them racists makes you look like that `` extreme leftist '' regular leftists * calling me an `` extreme leftist '' will make you sound like this that x y z. 
  * yes i think there are somethings inherently hateful about not wanting certain people live wherever they want . 
  `` they '' should be able to move freely and you should be able move wherever you want too , but that is way too idealistic for now so we 'll just have to go with legal immigration . 
  it 's also undeniable that there are certain ** very ** hateful people in these communities , but let 's not have them spoil the fun for others , moving on . 
  in it 's very core though i do n't think a specific stance against ant-immigration is hateful . 
  it 's more about favoritism , which is way more common for discrimination than pure hate . 
  oh i know , i 've also seen a bunch of racists like this irl too . 
  i 'm not saying i would n't immigrate by the way , i would actually try to get these guys in line , they are spoiled . 
  i do n't think you grasp just how shitty nazis are . 
  my problem has always been people treating them like outsiders and wondering why they are excluding themselves . 
  they commit a crime ? 
  punish them like you would any other person , do n't attempt to deport them and their family or whatever . 
  i see a lot of racist bullshit in here and it would certainly not make me feel safe if i was an immigrant . 
  i see no problem in them not integrating as long as they do n't commit crimes , in which case they should be punished just like any other citizen . 
  you might certainly say `` but what about my safety !!!,
