   refet is claimed to have been active in the greek genocide . 
  according to the austrian consul of `` amisos '' ( amasya ? ), 
  on november 1916 a certain `` rafet bey '' , its unknown if this is refet bele , supposedly stated `` we must finish off the greeks as we did with the armenians ... today i sent squads to the interior to kill every greek on sight ... '' . 
  however these claims are not corroborated in turkish sources . 
  furthermore there were still more than a million greeks living in areas under ottoman control in today 's turkey 's borders at the defeat of the ottoman empire . 
  so more than a million greeks fled or were exchanged to greece in the population exchange after the greco-turkish war ( 1919-1922 ) . 
  manus midlarsky agrees that there was not a genocide against greeks and argues that because of western powers cultural and historical sensitivity to the greeks : '' under these conditions , genocide of the ottoman greeks simply was not a viable option '' . 
  however stating that massacres did took place against greeks . 
  i rest my case . 
  yeah , i think those festival thingies in public are pretty stupid . 
  they should do it in a theater or something . 
  just handle the marching guys however you would a german and nobody would have a problem with that . 
   the other one was that berlin also houses a sizable kurdish minority , many of them pkk sympathizers , and what do you think happens when a bunch of drummed up turkish nationalists , many of them clad in mhp flags run into those ? 
  the pkk sympathizers need to be prosecuted , period . 
  that 's worse than being an al-qaeda sympathizer . 
  also the mhp guys might be ... 
  stuck in time if you will . 
  here the government is negotiating with the kurds and they are in national tv every day , they are making their case heard and things are getting better . 
  if the nationalists went to germany in the 60s-90s ( when kurdish terrorism imploded ) and transferred their opinions to their children it might be a little inappropriate . 
  also there seems to be a generalization from europeans ( dat irony i know ) . 
  that guy in the video seems like a total tool . 
  i hate them and i hope we get rid of religion . 
  here 's the interesting thing ; many europeans tend to loop us all into a category and say `` turks bring in their this that '' . 
  i really ca n't take sides here . 
  i will oppose a person who dehumanizes others and i will oppose a person with medieval views . 
  you brought in the genocide talk , you first . 
  ok , only if you admit to the turkish genoci - what 's that ? 
  no such thing ? 
  thought so . 
  dat whataboutism , i knew this would come . 
  either this or armenians , never fails . 
  i would literally scalp them and nail it to their eyeballs . 
  now for the serious answer , i do n't give a single fuck what happens to them . 
  i 'm a postnationalist and every national identity can go die in a fire . 
  i agree that the turkish government treated them like shit and that they should let the kurds do whatever they want but it 's not my fight you see . 
  i also find it hypocritical how europeans seem to be with kurds yet ignore chechens . 
  he should n't have to identify as a turk to get equal treatment , that 's the point . 
  can you elaborate on that incident by the way ? 
  i did n't mean the legal complications . 
  i meant simply identifying yourself a turk would be awesome for other turks . 
  also wut ? 
  i met turkish citizens with names like sofia , somethingsomethingovich etc. 
  ha , nope . 
  not going to fling shit this time i 'm afraid . 
  i 've had this conversation countless times . 
  i get where you are coming from , my statement still stands . 
  and you know , those revolts and all . 
  also if we are going to fling shit let 's get into france 's rape of africa . 
  what happened though, 
  `` i 'm not racist , i have black friends ! '', 
  man , those fuckin ' germans ... 
  setting up shops !, 
  in muh country !, 
   i 'm pretty sure that turks in turkey do n't recognize immigrants ( if there are any ) as turks . 
  we would !, 
  we would prefer it actually . 
  we 've been having problems with minorities for centuries . 
  the more they declare themselves turkish the better . 
  also called `` playing life on hardmode '' . 
  fuck that , i would ragequit . 
  they should treat everyone the same regardless of background , this seems extremely hard to grasp for / r/europe . 
  uh no . 
  just because he identifies as turkish should not mean unequal treatment for him . 
  can confirm , i want to take over some shit . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ bill ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ burr, 
  since / u/ramblinrambo explained it here  edit : the comment he removed said the well articulated sentence : idiot . 
  i thought you were talking about my comment :3, 
  he said he did not get equal treatment , i said `` he should n't have to identify as a german to get equal treatment '' and i will stand by that statement . 
  if he thinks people need to recognize his germanness before they treat him equally then he 's wrong too . 
  he should n't have to identify as a german to get equal treatment , that 's the point . 
   i do n't even think this would be possible in the us . 
  i do n't think mexicans living in the us would connect with a mexican leader the way some turks in germany connect to erdogan . 
   why is that ? 
  because they literally have no idea how much of a scumbag erdo\u011fan is . 
   also a big thank you for showing us that you indeed do lack all possible talent to have a reasonable debate without being a child over it . 
  that is very much appreciated . 
  pretty rich coming from you . 
  hindu dai viet final destination come @ me but i think this can be better explained with victoria 2 terms ; russia got a big infamy hit because they added an acquire state wargoal to their free people casus belli with no prior justification . 
  yes . 
  hungarian race , human race , southern race , etc. 
  by the way that 's not my definition , it 's from the wiki . 
  sure , do you really have that much trust in the state ? 
   race is a classification system used to categorize humans into large and distinct populations or groups by anatomical , cultural , ethnic , genetic , geographical , historical , linguistic , religious , and/or social affiliation . 
  same for you , read this . 
  also lol theft is literally mass murder, 
  `` gypsies '' are n't hated here . 
  we 've got about 500,000 roma and we 've had no problems with them , ever . 
  your racism is well known , embrace it and stop trying to shield yourself away from it . 
  ca n't really take you seriously since you 'll probably lash out again though . 
   this is because of bleeding heart people like you , who instantly hijack the topic into a racism vs anti-racism rhetoric which is just verbal masturbation , but achieves nothing . 
  but at the end of the day it 's not about race at all . 
   the mistake bleeding-heart leftists god damn it this is projection to the p . you have a victim complex . 
  you do the exact same thing you slander this vaguely defined leftist group for . 
   race is a classification system used to categorize humans into large and distinct populations or groups by anatomical , cultural , ethnic , genetic , geographical , historical , linguistic , religious , and/or social affiliation . 
  it 's not a *** sub *** culture . 
  it 's a culture . 
  trekkies are a subculture . 
  swiss culture etc is a different thing . 
   if we really wanted to sort-out the situation , we would have to forcibly take all of the children born into these conditions , and raise them in government boarding schools , so they grow up not with the anti-social culture of their parents , but according to the values of the mainstream society . 
  this is called ethnic cleansing .
