  do n't know why that admirable value is parodied ... oh ... 
  ** is n't that exactly like the `` i 'm liiike 1/32nd irish !, 
  i 'm totally irish guys ! '', 
  crowd ? 
  ** but seriously , never heard of it ? 
  it 's constantly parodied . 
  http://np.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/1wwi38/irish_dads_reaction_to_the_news_his_son_has/cf63dso or just / r/shitamericanssay, 
  it 's so healthy it makes you be able grow another human inside you !, 
  so are most people in europe/asia , some people think nation states are mostly homogenous entities but europe and asia are huge ethnic clusterfucks and we document them !, 
  their nationality/ethnicity is pretty much taken from the language they speak or their parents ( being born to indian parents makes you indian etc ) . . also i think you have the wrong idea about ethnicities , it 's just your parents and maybe grandparents that you inherit it from . 
  i do n't think you addressed my point , you just said * but that 's too complicated !, 
  * which was my point . 
   dude 's just a white guy . 
  here it is again . 
  not what i 'm talking about . 
   white , black , asian-pacific islander , native american this makes it pretty damn clear that identity is based on looks . 
   he considers himself japanese-american . 
  so , he 's japanese-american is n't that exactly like the `` i 'm liiike 1/32nd irish !, 
  i 'm totally irish guys ! '', 
  crowd ? 
  why do you guys not document germans , italians , brits , french , chinese , japanese , hawaiian , turk , greek , arab , persian , armenian , russian , swedish , norwegian and so on ... * but come on !, 
  some of those look the same anyway !, 
  ( replacing looks with ethnicites , you get the idea ) * there are a very low amount of `` interracial '' couples compared to the same `` race '' couples , segregated communities purely based on looks ( black/white/hispanic neighborhoods , the hell ? 
  ) which would imply classifying people by looks is still very strong not only by the government but also by the people as well . 
  it 's creepy to say the least . 
  anyways , i could go on but i do n't want to shit on good ol' murrica any longer . 
  dat enriched and depleted uranium ... so ec ^ ^ ^ ^ h o friendly, 
  this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  does the us really put this much emphasis on physical properties ? 
  to the point of officially documenting it ? 
  that 's just not how people think around here . 
  what you think is more important than how you look . 
  i mean let 's reverse this ; * and let 's be real , why would i want to be considered the same as x just because i look like x ? 
  *  also , the only time a 3rd generation turkish-american would feel turkish is when he 's watching a documentary about the ottoman empire and thinks to himself `` fuck yea , my ancestors conquered a bunch of territory . '', 
  true . 
  i read a pretty tragic story here on reddit by an american deployed to the balkans during the 90s , as he was watching civilians etc some other ( white ) american comes up to him and asks `` why are these white people killing each other ? '', 
  mass religious conversion would lead to the fastest way to end conflict but everybody has so much pride stuck up their asses they are willing to get killed for it . 
  muh way of life :(, 
  it 's 120 times the damage and probably more as they got even more advanced , i do n't think anyone could even launch that much , they are mostly stockpiling . 
   also why post french revolution nationalism was an absolute disaster in that region . 
  i told you it was totally unsupported taking a shot in the dark mate , excuse me for sharing my non serious opinion . 
  yeah , my own uneducated , baseless , / r/badhistory and / r/pseudoeverything theory is that because the west dictated identity more by race than by religion they could leave religion behind but not racism . 
  this is reversed in the islamic world ( the name gives it away huh ) , as long as you state the only god is allah and the his prophet is muhammed nobody cares where you came from or how you look , also why post french revolution nationalism was an absolute disaster in that region . 
  although i think this is less common in the new world countries , since they do n't have thousands of years of history to incoherently babble about . 
   50 % + i think this might inflated by akp ( not saying it 's way lower than that , but definitely around % 30 - % 40 and some vote rigging ) . 
  they pretty much have a monopoly on recording demographics and their members are willing to break every to help them more . 
  of course no one wants to admit their own mistakes , i 'm saying the environment is alienating and you are saying they are just different . 
  and what happened to this `` religious freedom '' thing ? 
  well it 's `` free to do anything unless we disagree with it , in that case you are just different . '', 
  i have no religion but someone fuels this fire of hate and indifference ... 
  i 'm not blaming the media for wanting views , they are there to make money after all . 
  what disappoints me is people claiming `` we are free minded individuals and we can think for ourselves , unlike those other guys over there ! '', 
  then get manipulated like this over and over again . 
  that 's it ... on paper . 
  for example you can call yourself a turk here too but it 's more complicated than that and this is the case in most if not all old world countries . 
  nationality is hereditary and especially looking the part in the west . 
  if what you said was the case european governments would not feel the need to keep separate statistics for 3rd gens etc. 
   it 's that group themselves who identify more with their original ` home country ' than the country they have been born in and lived all their life . 
  this is pretty puzzling to me as well . 
  most turks who can barely ( if at all ) speak turkish call themselves turks , i mean why would you dude ? 
  you speak good german/english/dutch / somescandinavian/french !, 
  just leave us and live your amazing life in europe !, 
  you do n't have to deal with corrupt tyrants and a % 40 + backwards population !, 
  but if you are ignoring blatant discrimination from europeans or load the blame to others , you 're wrong . 
  it 's crystal clear that a brown guy gets different treatment than a white guy . 
  i guess where i 'm getting at is what people say and think is different . 
  so these guys are basically a bunch of nationalistic and idiotic thugs masquerading as a group with a purpose . 
  are tensions still up down there ? 
  do n't give our rabid government any ideas guys , let 's not make this cyprus liberation round 2 . 
  that all from the same organization , what 's the name of this gigantic `` organization '' ? 
  seems like a bunch of simple minded frustrated young men to me . 
  my uncle had to flee the country back in 1980 ( thanks jimmy carter ! ), 
  and he told me that as soon as people got into a south european country they could go into other eu countries pretty easily and most ethnicities have established communities/ghettos in europe . 
  for an old guy like him it 's a decent life . 
  also european and american understanding of nationalities are different , you can be an american if you consider yourself an american . 
  being a european is hereditary . 
  it 's not like some short bearded brown guy can walk into the netherlands and call himself dutch , because most of the time neither of his parents are dutch and most importantly he does n't look dutch . 
  this is one of the reasons immigrants might feel excluded or are excluded and keep to themselves . 
  there are people who choose america but it 's virtually impossible to get an american citizenship and they 'd rather not be on the other side of the world , away from their families . 
   muslim patrols in london this was literally 2-10 guys who later got arrested the same day/week/month and the media ate it up . 
  we can only combat fundamentalism by being accurate and rational , something they are not . 
  i mean being a barbarian is pretty badass but he 's inaccurate . 
  turks had the best k/d ratio in those wars . 
  zerg rush ? 
  pfft . 
  they even had fezzes and mustaches till the 20th century , they just artificially greek 'd themselves . 
  and that 's the worst part !, 
  they do n't even make pizza !, 
  i hope that if that is ever tried it works the way you hope . 
  i do n't think many people will forget the wrongdoings and the gov saying `` well guys uh , let 's open a new chapter in our lives , smile ! '', 
  we all know the current government is corrupt and incompetent so i think we 'd be better off solving that first . 
  i do n't know , some americans are aggressive like that ( wow guys , anti america circlejerk again ? 
  i laugh at this !, 
  etc ) . 
  i like to put that disclaimer to avoid those kind of comments . 
  well if i may engage in some / r/badhistory , it might come from the ottoman times of officials completely shitting themselves and being afraid of minorities seceding . 
  remember that since the french revolution ottomans and then turks have played a cat-mouse game of minorities gaining independence and the nation getting weaker and weaker , greeks , arabs , armenians , serbs , bosnian , romanians and such then the ottomans/turks trying to prevent it and fail ... 
  the governments since then did not want anything like that to happen again and did everything they could to unify the country under a single ethnicity and a single religion . 
  the turkish government has ptsd if you will . 
  public hangings ?
