  ^ ^ ^ ^ * silence *, 
  do you not see the contradiction here ? 
   i 've not once met a gypsy in denmark that was here to work legally . 
  because they do n't have your understanding of national borders . 
  you are continents away from the point . 
  it 's that do n't be a hypocrite . 
  if you are proud of your nation you 're going to be guilty too . 
  i find the entire thing stupid but eh that 's what we have to deal with . 
  he probably would not crank the racism jet to full speed just because he had a bad experience with an x. 
  he seems to be a better man than that . 
  damn son, 
   race is a classification system used to categorize humans into large and distinct populations or groups by anatomical , cultural , ethnic , genetic , geographical , historical , linguistic , religious , and/or social affiliation . 
  also that 's pretty disgusting . 
  reducing a culture to my little pony ? 
  only if we knew how to build our own country . 
  when i said `` who birthed you '' i did not mean parents . 
  i meant your nationality and ethnicity . 
  i fancy postnationalism myself . 
  it 's not really where you are born but who birthed you . 
  but indeed regardless it 's dangerous and stupid . 
   just 20 years later germany was rebuilt out of scratch and became the strongest nation again and lost another world war . 
  damn i hate the `` x , right ? 
  y , right ? '', 
  thing . 
  i guarantee you that guy will then say being ashamed or guilty of your country is dumb . 
  `` guilt ? 
  nah man i had no part in that . 
  sure ! '', 
  ... but we already are working on these . 
  akp slowed it down but we are trying to make it work . 
  i see what you are saying and generally agree . 
   underage marriage , high rate of female unemployment , rape , beating , illiteracy , honor killings , low percentage of women in education , etc. 
  all glaring issues that separate us from more secular/modern nations . 
  all of these apply to men to a lesser degree . 
  who do you think keeps these things going ? 
  men . 
  we need to educate both , not just women . 
   they are stuck in a backwards community that approves of wife beating and sometimes much worse . 
  there also needs to be a codified legal support system for those women . 
  while we are at it , i suppose we need to provide counseling for people who were scarred by their time in the army we already have all of these , it 's just that nobody cares . 
  you think we are afghanistan or something ? 
  my dad was in a military hospital and met bunch of guys there for ptsd in the 90s . 
   also , gender equality , to me is not about taking men down a peg , it 's about building women up so they can have choices outside of being housewives . 
  nobody said it was . 
   it 's about building women up so they can have choices outside of being housewives . 
  they do . 
  it 's called education and money . 
  we should just stop conscription and keep the secularization effort . 
   i do n't get what you are trying to argue , that because men have to suffer , women should also have to ? 
  and how is it ironic ? 
  he 's saying that when men and women suffer , we need to help both . 
  not just women because they are weaker . 
  `` inventor of the d\u00f6ner kebab '' ? 
  what ? 
  we had this for literally centuries . 
  no , i am talking about their coups in south america , greece , turkey etc. 
  territorial gain as in they did n't write usa on vietnam in the map . 
  they installed friendly governments so that they could pretty much do anything they wanted . 
  `` geopolitical interests '' if you will . 
  they did have the leadership . 
  that 's what they were fighting for in the first place . 
  they were trying to secure allies . 
  do n't forget the us/communist backed coups . 
  no no , i do n't find it funny . 
  i find it adorable that it 's the only branch he can grab so that his nationalist ego wo n't collapse with it , i imagine him as a guy weeping silently and muttering `` pipe deal , pipe deal , pipe deal '' to himself . 
  i would feel the same if what you said were to happen . 
  it 'd still be terrible but it 'd be cute and embarrassing at the same time . 
  i find it adorable :3, 
  how was it `` putin propaganda '' ? 
  i remember that incident and i am skeptical of anything that comes out of a region this tied up in a conflict . 
  please tell me . 
  european = good asian = bad, 
  it 's a civil war with this specific purpose . 
  i get where you are coming from but foreign intervention does n't mean it ca n't be a civil war . 
  remember the `` civil wars '' during the cold war with us backed right wingers and soviet backed left wingers ? 
  it 's like that . 
  [ they do n't give a damn , do n't you understand ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghjf8selg4i ), 
  ouch ; _ ;, 
  do n't forget the cost of living too though . 
  a person used to be able to support a family of 4 with a single minimum wage job here ( pre-akp sadly ) . 
  food and transportation is very cheap and if you are n't looking for luxuries ( which is possible to get with better jobs like doctor , lawyer , engineer etc ) . 
  it 's not that bad . 
   first world war marked the beginning of an all-out concept of `` total war '' this in particular gave me that impression . 
  `` total war '' has been around for a while . 
  man are you obsessed with migrants , tell me about it , what happened ? 
  also you 're literally crazy & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
  yeah , he was thinking so clearly he massacred a bunch of kids . 
  different opinions my arse that guy is a loon , can ' believe someone is defending that loser . 
  i ca n't take you seriously when you insult people like this . 
  yes , the invasion was to protect the turkish enclaves . 
  it was recognised by the un . 
  also hot damn is this thread a whirlwind of downvotes . 
  this is such a eurocentric thing to say . 
  this is the case in europe . 
  let 's not even get into the civil wars in china taking more than 20 million lives . 
  i see . 
  you were born a century late , pal . 
  this is fascism 101 , i know fascism is thrown around a lot [ but this is exactly what it is . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/22ox1w/what_is_fascism/ ) we moved beyond this lunacy a while ago .
