  he claims to have been banned and makes alt accounts to continue . 
  we just kinda adopted him as the subreddit jester . 
  he seemed like a spineless crook . 
  he 'd do anything to get him more power . 
  that was cute :3, 
  more like belarus tries to annex ukraine , russia stops it and takes half of ukraine . 
  very true . 
  cypriot is a manufactured nationality . 
  i 'm not saying it 's wrong but that 's how it is . 
  we just call them turks and rums ( meaning greek outside greece ) . 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) seriously though why the fuck is this upvoted, 
  we had a joke here that we turks would take the entire world because the rest of the world would leave the place . 
  pls do n't be true :(, 
  also george washington rose from the dead to personally duel hitler . 
  he won and they beheaded hitler and played football with his head . 
  true story . 
  that 's my point though . 
  seems like they could make more profit by trading and cooperating with the west than go about spending millions to acquire pieces of land and alienate themselves . 
  still , this all seems pretty self destructive . 
  would n't he gain waaay more if he moved on to be an ally of the west and even thought about joining the eu ? 
  `` tschechische '' so much german efficiency right here , just say \u00c7ek . 
  pick up vodka bottle, 
  seems like a racist movement covered by nationalism . 
  explain `` afrikaner culture '' to me . 
  why is it so important that you literally must be a sovereign state ? 
  how so ? 
  is speaking afrikaans illegal ? 
  wow you pussy !, 
  just learn to live with it !, 
  i am literally a slave to the system man, 
   *** vilnius - too hot *** this is an unacceptable statement . 
  he 's just supposed to smile and read things off a teleprompter ( but let him be clear ) . 
  the fuck ? 
  this guy calls himself a muslim , claims he found religion but smokes ? 
  i say mid life crisis or adrenaline junkie . 
  not really . 
  `` they are comin for us !!! '', 
  nobody wants to tear you apart . 
  chill . 
  i was shaken up by how little security there was even in military bases . 
  if there 's a guy willing to trade his life for an important somebody or a big crowd they are gone , period . 
  no amount of security can prevent that . 
  so what did the guy say ? 
  he might 've said something like `` we 'll wipe you dogs off and claim the land of zion !!, 
  ! / suck my cut dick nazi '' or something . 
  cops say it was aggravated assault and not a hate crime . 
  the victim and the perpetrators are n't even interviewed let alone identified yet . 
  seems too early to make a report . 
  that is n't true either . 
   it is generally agreed that the first turkic people lived in a region extending from central asia to siberia with the majority of them living in china historically . 
  just retract your previous statement and go home my man . 
  do n't try to crawl away . 
  `` where it all started '' is kind of extremely vague . 
  be more specific . 
  not this pseudoscientific bullshit again ... we do n't consider our nationality to be tied to genetics and ancestry like europe . 
  we are more of an ethno-linguistic group . 
  [ you know what , just read this . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_turkic_peoples#history ), 
  what started where ? 
  he thinks everything is about america . 
  i think i worded my question poorly . 
  why would the government try to help them ? 
  in most cases our government has been very pragmatic . 
  anyways , where did you get the idea that the government wants to help tatars ? 
  i admire your confidence in your knowledge of an issue you just learned about a few months ago . 
  believe it or not , people can have different opinions and yours is n't the literal truth . 
  i debate this issue frequently with my countrymen and i would like to keep it that way . 
  i 've read books by people who lived through those times as intellectuals and researched the politics of turkey for years . 
  i have family members who were hugely discriminated against in the 80s because they were mistaken as kurdish , my own uncle was tortured by the military regime in 1980 ( though that was because he was a leftist activist ) . 
  i 'll be blunt with you , i do n't give a single fuck what the putin supporters or westerners on the internet say . 
  you just ca n't grasp the politics , history , culture and economy of turkey without living in it for years . 
  you ca n't put numbers or `` cold hard facts '' and prove something as heavy as this in a whim like that . 
  please , i am not trying to insult or offend you . 
  i have seen hundreds of people like you who eagerly want to take part in political discussion yet are so foreign to what they are talking about in the first place . 
  i understand that you want to have a part in this debate , you ca n't . 
  nothing wrong with trying to get a discussion going but arrogance of this level is just embarrassing . 
  `` aww will you look at that , we will literally die if we do n't expand more and more . 
  i know it coincides with our interests but i assure you , we need to do this ! '', 
  those do n't really matter . 
  most nuclear states can tear the entire world a new asshole with their reserves . 
  not exactly . 
  nuclear energy should be approached very carefully . 
  where did you get that ? 
  have you thought this through properly ? 
  the entire aegean coast and west mediterranean is very progressive . 
  i would count some of black sea coast too but the lazs have their own thing going on , everybody loves those crazy bastards . 
  i also get all my world view from the internet . 
  come on man , you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  no they are not . 
  are you even in turkey and speak turkish ? 
  um , turkmen is a separate ethnicity with their own country . 
  itt : clueless european * experts * discuss turkish politics . 
  most kurds are much more conservative than turks . 
  akp appeals to their religious side much more than their rights . 
  i think you mean turkistan ( which means turkland in persian ) . 
  lol , people are living with literal rivers of shit next to their homes , no infrastructure , no electricity and no running water , lunatics wanting to behead them but they have democracy !, 
  now they can choose what kind of corrupt shithead they can have !, 
  nobody worth talking to believes in the democracy bullcrap . 
  chill . 
  i 'm just telling you how things are , does n't mean i agree with it .
