  if black turks came here i would not object , hell i would n't even object to anyone coming here as long as i can continue to live the same way . 
  i think we should give up nationalism and abolish borders altogether but that 's an idealistic goal , not realistic . 
  `` people who identify as white british are becoming a minority ! '', 
  that made me lose so much respect for this young man . 
  is joke . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we have no problems with gypsies , period . 
  nothing more or less was implied . 
  i do n't think so , they were willing to give their worthless lives to speak a different way and pray to another god . 
  they 'd be cheering him on , this guy 's straight outta those times . 
  we 'd be better off by killing the other undesirables as well , your point ? 
  you know , that was a joke . 
  but still , [ so diverse . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/43/tree_map_of_languages_in_the_united_states.png ), 
  ottomans were literally hitler . 
  we tried to civilize the natives of greece my friends , we succeeded for a few centuries too . 
  if the european great powers had n't intervened the greeks would be all civilized by now . 
  oh yes i do . 
  damn , all that over a name . 
  we 've got a goofy name too but ye do n't see us throwin ' a fit . 
  . . why is this guy downvoted this time ? 
  i know he 's either an extreme nationalist or a shill but still . 
  same with eurasians for you , i mean does anybody here actually believe usa is more diverse than europe ? 
  `` down here in texas we grill meat in a slightly different way and our opinions on social issues are a bit different '', 
   end positive discrimination and freebies just because they 're gypsies . 
  * man , they have it so easy do n't they ? 
   while deportation to india would be the better solution ?? 
  oh i know , ** murica big !!!, 
  ** those are so similar that they ca n't be called separate cultures . 
  you 've got no idea , we know all about america thanks to the internet . 
  the concept of america did n't exist . 
  and i reckon they wanted to be called `` indians '' more than `` americans '' because at least that 's an innocent miscalculation rather than europeans saying `` this is what we say you are and if you do n't obey you can eat my musket '' . 
  ... and ethnicity is a social construct , not anything biological . 
  duh , it 's not like austrians decided to practice shooting on these guys . 
  that 's still a scary thing to say though . 
  mein sweetheart i mi\u00df u, 
  if you say you are american then you are american and nobody can change that fact . 
  us is not like old world countries where ethnicity is hereditary . 
  natives are not americans , that 's just the euros deciding to name them that . 
  there are separate tribes with diverse languages and traditions . 
  there 's a very strong american culture though . 
  american has become a perfectly valid ethnicity in my opinion . 
  but kurds have a seperate language , culture and origins that they still preserve and practice . 
  american-whatevers are pretty hard to understand honestly . 
  i think there are some questions that you must be able to answer before you can be counted as being part of an ethnicity ; - are your parents x ? 
  - were you raised in xistan ? 
  - can you speak xish ? 
  - do you know the culture ( this is very generalized but hey ) of x ? 
  - can you fit in with xs ? 
  most americans who claim they are part this that can not answer any of these questions . 
  of course we did , we did it to undermine and break the european society . 
  * the ottomans did this . 
  * but seriously , he 's talking straight out of his ass . 
  they came from india a few hundred years ago , they used to work but the industrial revolution rendered their work obsolete ( artisans basically , whatever they did the factories could do better ) . 
  plus they do n't see national boundaries the same way we do , they do n't trust the authorities ( for very good reason ) and add the xenophobia of europeans and you 've got a socially excluded community . 
  we had/have no problems with them here , they are stereotyped as being jolly musicians . 
   flemish ~ ~ sounds like ~ ~ is a french person that tries to speak dutch . 
  except armenia was the aggressor in that war and they supplied insurgents and then invaded azerbaijan . 
  illegally close borders ? 
  we reserve the right to close our borders anywhere and anytime we want and so does every other sovereign nation . 
  apologize for that war first . 
  also please , are you denying genocide ? 
  are you are you are you huhuhuh ? 
  stop that . 
  you think i am a joke ? 
  edit : is also joke . ____ . 
  what ? 
  i 'm a dumbass because i do n't agree with mirimiri 's point ? 
  that german humour . 
  uh no , i just got that name because i originally intended this to a throwaway but now it 's been 3 months . 
  i 'll get a new account , you would n't believe how much `` dae appropriate name ? 
  where did you get that ? 
  guy looks like he got punched it every possible area . 
  so european law will influence sharia ? 
  ... i can see why this person would face discrimination & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
   the same way that some people look italian or spanish . 
  now i 'm even more confused . 
  did n't you say they grew up the same as you , speak the same language , they are an extended family ? 
  how can someone look russian ? 
  i 've heard talks of unrest in china and their one child policy is catching up to them . 
  they 're in for an interesting ride to say the least . 
  oh , that was n't personally to you . 
  i 'm just sharing an anecdote that i perhaps should not have . 
  both of us should watch our language , no ? 
  yes , i am saying they are not recognized . 
  did anyone here know about those ? 
  i 'm guessing majority of us have not . 
  i ca n't tell exactly the stance of westerners , it 's really strange . 
  it changes from time to time , sometimes it 's `` pay and apologize ! '', 
  other times `` huh , i can see both sides '' . 
  this event gets hundreds of people talking and demonizing us , and what do we get when we mention there were equally bad genocides taking place ? 
  ( not trying to undermine this one in anyway , but there 's some serious fuckery going on in here ) `` fucking brainwashed genocide denier ! '', 
  let 's start by reading the link i provided . 
  okay , stop desperately twisting and stretching it around . 
  christian insurgents have killed just as many if not more people deliberately as opposed to armenian deaths from starvation and such . 
  the ottomans could n't even supply their own troops let alone civilians and insurgents they were already hostile towards . 
  rebelling , insurgency , war , revolts , what have you . 
  the truth is both of us have been fed nationalistic propaganda and it 's time to put that down . 
  many of you will have your heads short circuit by this , but let 's face it . 
  that 's because our own atrocities are not recognized , hell someone else is saying that people just straight up do n't care about it , which is true and equally horrible .
