  i agree with what you are saying , but that 's still ignoring the other statements he made . 
  i think it needs some discussion . 
  hey guys , i see this is heavily downvoted ( 2-5 as of me posting this comment ) , i just wanted to hear / r/europe 's opinion of this . 
  i do n't want to take any sides . 
  this is an example of civilisation we have right here folks , watch and learn from this guy . 
  nah , he used to be `` neutralgreek '' but that account was banned . 
  this is true . 
  this is also why saying `` turkey is that/this ! '', 
  is wrong , the west/east is too different from each other . 
  he probably did n't mean it literally . 
  [ i guess this is what he means , check the european part . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/06/ottomanempirein1683.png ), 
  seriously , if you want to make a statement do it openly . 
  ummm ... islam is a religion , not a physical property . 
  eh , a troll account anyway . 
  do something better to kill your time . 
  i dunno , that could also be black propaganda . 
  we should get someone to sign up and test it out . 
  dat lice ( it 's pronounced li-j\u00e9 ), 
  so you think your view is literally the truth and anyone who thinks differently is naive and stupid . 
  sure . 
  anyways , what he 's saying applies to a small percentage of those gumballs , most gumballs believe differently/have different aroma etc and want to live in a place with gumballs who wo n't eat them . 
  nearly nobody thinks `` welp , they denied me access to this fenced off awesome area , better help my countrymen !, 
  '' , that 's pretty darn irrational . 
  ... and translation ? 
  he always does things like this . 
  says something incredibly rude then deletes it after he gets downvoted/a reply . 
  guess he just wants to blow off some steam . 
   why ca n't we join ? 
  because you would n't join the eu , the eu would join the us . 
   sometime i think it would be funny mostly because they could make batman their capital city . 
  i think we should change the ( at least english ) spelling to bahtmahn or some such like that because it 's pronounced with a hard a and not something between a and e like english does . 
    it 's the other way around , there are multiple humans with differing opinions . 
   they 're not informed opinions , though . 
  that 's the point . 
  it 's like when americans crow on about european socialist hell holes : they are often looking at very limited sets of evidence or speaking out of sheer ignorance . 
  oh of course , i never said they were informed . 
    this is so trivial and ridiculous that i ca n't possibly take this seriously . 
   fine , you 're free to do so , but i 'll point out that was an example of a pattern i 've noticed : that specific incident was not meant to be taken outside its broader context . 
  i might have looked a bit mean there but come on , someone thinks you guys have a pretty much undetectable eating habit . 
  you got ta find a better example . 
  that was an absurd one . 
   as with most things , lots of people are guilty of reducto ad absurdeum : either the us is super cool and , essentially , los angeles , or the us is full of fat ignorant blobs universally under thousands of dollars of medical debt . 
  it 's the other way around , there are multiple humans with differing opinions . 
   in reality , life for the vast majority of americans is identical to life for the vast majority of brits . 
  we are so familiar with this . 
  i think most non-westerners are to be honest , ( generalizing because reasons ) most westerners tend to think of the rest of the world in a very simplified way and refuse to accept that they do n't know anything and get aggressive/passive aggressive . 
  why ? 
  well my hypothesis is that since the internet is such a western dominated ( especially english speaking sites ) place westerners ( and yes , i do use this term a lot because even though it might be inaccurate it 's the most accurate i can do ) tend to have an echo chamber of views not being challenged or rejected . 
   also , there 's a tendancy to attribute any action seen as `` uncultured '' to americans . 
  for example , an italian guy in this subreddit automatically assumed americans put ketchup on pasta , even though it 's unheard of in the usa ( hence why it was parodied so heavily when done on that show about the fat girl ) . 
  this is so trivial and ridiculous that i ca n't possibly take this seriously . 
  can you give an example ? 
  this gained my interest . 
  i like our `` jandarma '' , maybe that 's because i 'm not a kurd but they tend to do things quickly , not to say the cops are n't as good and i 've never had a bad experience with the police here . 
  we had some insurgency and they 've helped a ton . 
  generally i think they should stay . 
  we left our mark i guess ... 
  alright , guess i missed a reference . 
  the `` now days many refugges from dictatorships arrive in europe and are sent back to their own countries despite them being at risk . '', 
  part hit a nerve , it 's a hot topic . 
  not only that , us funded these nut jobs just because they are not communists ( or rather , `` lefties '' ) . 
  no matter how fucking insane they were as long as they were up to get some commies they were given support . 
  that little chess game changed so many lives . 
  meh , we had these guys too . 
  us coups took a toll on us eh . 
   ban of imports on all goods that are produced via slave labor and/or servitude , launching of global initiative to end such practices this will stop most goods you get though . 
  way too inconvenient to not make people suffer immensely . 
  ^ ^ ^ wow ^ ^ ^ so ^ ^ ^ doge ^ ^ ^ much ^ ^ ^ comrade, 
  well that does it guys , guess that means it does n't work . 
  this also happens with converts or `` born-again `` s . many are way over the top . 
  alright , explain to me what you meant by that then . 
  i ca n't see anything that can be gotten out of that , whatever you think i meant . 
  & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ; this is the same jefferson we are thinking of right ? 
  from the 18th century ? 
  although i get why people 'd like hitchens but he made pretty weak points but talked with such authority that it was hard to doubt him . 
   and of course , while religious freedom is important , i think the freedom to stay alive and not get mutilated trumps the freedom to practise religion , even though both are very important , so comparing `` country a is bad because they kill girls who want to get an education '' to `` country is bad because some people there want no mosques built . '', 
  i think that 's quite undeniably so . 
  what the fuck ? 
  do you realize just how much you are generalizing right now ? 
  do you think all muslims are controlled via a hivemind located inside mecca or something ? 
  way to generalize and go way off the rail there . 
  opposing the west and islamic extremism is n't mutually exclusive either . 
  there are very good points that islamic terrorism is fueled by geopolitical reasons rather than religious ones . 
  you just ignore that and label them supporters of it , ironically what you do n't want to be seen as . 
  and the `` support for thisthat in x is high '' is pretty bogus , some westerners support limiting religious freedom for muslims . 
  i 've literally never seen any not-fundamentalist defend islamic terrorist groups . 
  we would be both oversimplifying by calling either country the aggressor if that . 
  there 's a big ethnic clash going on there to this day . 
  our food is pretty cheap so most people can buy vegetables/fruits , poor people mostly eat bread + cheese + olive + tomato and other vegetables and some fruits in breakfast and other `` home foods '' . 
  dude , just stop with this that propaganda thing , i just read the wiki and that was my uneducated opinion . 
   the peace efforts , however , came to a halt after an azerbaijani mi-8 helicopter was shot down near the village of karakend in the khojavend district with peace mediating team consisting of russian , kazakh observers and azerbaijani high-ranking officials on  board . 
   armenian militias launched offensives to capture armenian-populated villages seized by azerbaijani omon in may -- july 1991 . 
  leaving these villages , the azerbaijani units in some cases burned them . 
   as early as the end of 1987 azerbaijani refugees from the villages of ghapan and meghri in armenia complained that they were forced to leave their homes as a result of tensions between them and their armenian neighbors . 
  if anything it 's way more complicated than `` azeris killed people fuck 'em ! '', 
  haha i know right !, 
  same name !, 
  retarded bird !, 
  if you are going to insult the country ( because you know you 'll be absolutely owned on any other personal argument ) there are an abundance of reasons to choose from , pointing out names is pretty childish .
