  the only argument for this fantasy independence i 've heard is `` preserve our culture and freedom '' which does n't strike me as a persuasive point . 
  you 're talking about semantics yet you 're the one desperately clinging to it . 
  it shows . 
  what are you trying to get at ? 
  also i fancy postnationalism so i 'm opposed to that too . 
  seems like these guys want segregation under a different name . 
  no it is not . 
  why do you think it is not racist ? 
   a you  b should  c stop  d typing ... like this , this post was not exactly coherent . 
  what i 'm trying to say is why stop there ? 
  let 's deport ( or kill maybe wink wink ) anyone who does n't have any skills over the age of 21 . 
  with their extended families . 
  i do n't know because i 'm not qualified enough and that 's the point . 
  we both do n't know what the fuck we are on about yet you want to restrict freedom of movement for a whole people with the assumption that they wo n't work . 
  let 's deport lazy assholes , repeat offenders and their extended families too , dare ? 
  uh yeah , we 've got 350 year old all-black villages . 
  nothing happened or happens . 
  that 's the only reason ? 
  birth rates ? 
  something 's off . 
  yup . 
  that 's the only solution . 
  nothing else can be done . 
  just build a bigger fence !, 
  oh and no amount of downvotes will quench your frustration to an opposing viewpoint . 
  so immigration from europe and americas is a-ok ? 
  a good way to think about it is this ; think of a mother who was raped and had her husband killed in front of her while trying to raise kids , these kids grow up in abusive or otherwise abnormal households and the cycle of violence and poverty repeats . 
  now apply this to a whole ( largely arbitrary ) nation . 
  it 's a collective shit fest there . 
  man , you really are committed to not let black people in are you ? 
  i remember in / r/shitconservativessay all posts get '' ... and that 's why the liberals are the real racists . '', 
  added at the end . 
  this sub should have something like that . 
  ... and that 's why we should n't let turkey in the eu . 
  more specifically ; human rights do n't exist for humans that we do n't like, 
  ha , the answer to ethnic cleansing is more ethnic cleansing . 
  the turks are there to stay . 
  deal with it . 
  sadly as much as some people do n't like to admit , these lives are just worth more to them . 
  i personally was n't affected by this incident any more than i was for any other killings that happen all the time around the world . 
  also some of them seem to be important researchers and prominent people in general so that takes a toll on our progress as a whole . 
  i am dissappointed in you kazakhstan and azerbaijan ... 
  wish they protected muslims just as much and did n't you know , cleanse them . 
  yeah , sorry about that mates . 
  we are largely taught the big players like mamluks , russians , brits , hapsburgs , venetians , safavis , romans and such . 
  the balkans were merely a single step in the stair to heaven so to say . 
  owned, 
  or they just hated and marginalized turks so much that this caught on . 
  the french know what 's up . 
  dammit , napoleon should n't have ended the franco-ottoman alliance just for egypt that he failed to get . 
  turkish airline . 
  ha , ca n't say we have something similar for romanians since they are not relevant enough [ . 
  so theoretically could they fake the other side out when they are launching an actual nuke ? 
  putin has lipstick on . 
  who 'll be the king ? 
  i 'm everywhere . 
  why are you here ? 
  the atlantic wo n't even let you through . 
   the only real thing preventing the syrian military from crossing your border . 
  lol if syria attacked us we 'd invade tajikistan , fuck them and leave in a decade . 
  what i said was primarily to the `` damned if we do , damned if we do n't ! '', 
  crowd . 
  i never said there was any correlation with intelligence & economic status and racism . 
  kinda why i said `` you know , things can happen for different reasons . '', 
  what are you trying to tell me ? 
  is it so much to ask us that they should cooperate with whoever they are working with ? 
  `` if you do n't let us do what ever we want , we 'll go home . '', 
  how about you help me only when i absolutely need it and do n't barge in uninvited then complain about hypocrisy kind of thing . 
  i read to about `` in 2001 , dna88 joined stormfront ... '' k , i 'll finish it . 
  for example here ;  shocking and should change the way we think about hate . 
   in the 1930s , arthur f. raper reported a correlation between bad economic conditions and lynchings of blacks . 
  this led many scholars to the intuitive conclusion that people turn to hate because their lives are going poorly . 
   but evidence is increasingly casting doubt on this idea . 
  in 2001 , the political scientists donald p. green , laurence h. mcfalls and jennifer k. smith used more data and found that there was actually no relationship between lynchings and economic hardship . 
  lynchings actually fell during the great depression . 
  he makes it sound like people turn to racism just because of bad living standards which is obviously not true . 
  he focuses on people who are actively participating in hate groups like stormfront , kkk and ~ ~ reddit ~ ~ ^ ^ ^ jk . 
   why do some people feel this way ? 
  if i were to be blunt and dismissive i 'd answer this question with `` because they are fucking idiots , period . '', 
  but i 'll just settle with not doing backseat psychoanalysis . 
  but yeah , it 's inherently going to be flawed if you only look at internet statistics in america . 
  this is for people who go to stormfront though . 
  he should 've kept to his field . 
  but anyways , what kind of white supremacist are we talking about and what did they say that made them wss ? 
  the trailer trash or the `` i do n't hire blacks '' guy ? 
   white supremacists in the usa are n't likely to be more poor or uneducated than the average american . 
  in fact , they were often more educated . 
  lol, 
  you know , things can happen for different reasons . 
  seems somewhat similar ... 
  yeah , colonialism was pretty nice . 
  indeed . 
  most countries are n't forced to act the part though . 
  `` we 're cypriots !!, 
  ! / self determination for cypriots ! '', 
  you can ignore him . 
  notice how he did n't post greek-turkish relations but specifically tayyip 's foreign policy . 
  he has literally been posting nothing but pro-akp posts in / r/turkey for over a year now . 
  every day . 
  dude never seems to sleep .
