i agree that tipping is probably a more cumbersome practice , but uncivilized is such a strong word to use for something as trivial as this . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  that he had already admitted his guilt , so any jury would be tainted before the trial started ? 
  that 's a totally different scenario though . 
  the romans never tried to exterminate people but instead brought them into their empire as citizens . 
  to this day most western countries idealize the romans and consider themselves the decedents , and sometimes the modern version , of the romans . 
  i doubt any future people will wish to be associated with the nazis . 
  i remember seeing that on the news a few months back !, 
  i hate it when people do stupid crap like that . 
  i own guns and like to shoot and hunt , but then people like that do something crazy and give us all a bad name . 
  our portion sizes are slightly too large . 
  i rarely finish meals as well , and in high school my friends ( who were all football linemen ) used to make some jokes about that but now they 're all trying to lose weight and i 'm not . 
  as far as sodas go , we do drink too many , myself included . 
  i went to eat with an new acquaintance last week and got there a little late and they had a coke waiting for me since that was all they had seen me order in restaurants . 
  the south does have some issues with weight . 
  it has alot to do with our food being so calorie rich and the large portions we serve it in . 
  the problem is that the traditional southern diet was based around long , hard field work that burned calories . 
  unfortunately , when people moved to more sedimentary lifestyles and jobs they still ate these large , high calorie foods . 
  i myself love the food that people such as my great-grandmother makes , but i know that you ca n't eat it more than once or twice a week without some serious exercise . 
  also , wow , where and when did your friend see a person getting shot in an airport ? 
  we 're really not like that . 
  ah , employing the old madagascar strategy i see . 
  here , step into this shower so we can wash off the ebola ... 
  it 's like a zombie apocalypse , the only way to stop it is to shoot the infected . 
  as long as that means we start building star destroyers i 'm fine with that . 
  i 'm glad you had such a good trip !, 
  hopefully you 'll be able to make it back soon !, 
  thanks !, 
  you just made my day , it 's nice to hear some good things every once in a while , 
  there actually are rules limiting the amount of water a chicken carcass can have in it by weight , but the companies that produce chicken have ways around them . 
  one example is setting the chicken carcasses that are going to be inspected are set aside for an hour or so before they 're actually weighed to let some water evaporate . 
  source : my dad , who worked quality control at mar-jac poultry, 
  i 'd love to hear about your trip ( s ) and what you thought of the us/our cultural differences . 
  my high school was built in 1998 too !, 
  except the children 's crusades were n't violent . 
  they were still retarded though , in that they marched a bunch of unarmed children into a centuries old warzone and hoped that would bring peace . 
  i know i was just joking . 
  be carefull what you wish for poland, 
  we have those too ... 
  is this true ? 
  i know the government is very pro-us but i do n't know about the general population . 
  you also gave us hitler . 
  [ hell right , anglosphere number 1 !, 
  do we have a subreddit yet ? 
  [ so like a confederate states of europe ? 
  ok , first of all none of those things are armoured objects that carry up to 90 military aircraft as well as dozens of anti-air/missle missles and ciws emplacements . 
  not to mention the fact that carriers are accompanied at all times by half a dozen aegis equiped warships and their armaments . 
  and secondly , if china starts attacking and sinking western carriers or vice versa , we all have much , much bigger problems than some wayward radiation . 
  i seriously doubt that terrorists could get close enough to a carrier to even damage it , much less baddly enough to cause the reactor to be damaged . 
  these things are our babies and they have alot of protection around them . 
  also , they never go into dangerous ports ( such as where the uss cole was attacked ) . 
  we ( or at least woodrow wilson ) were also the main proponent for the league of nations and later the united nations as well as fewer punitive measures towards germany at the end of ww1 . 
  pretty much , there is one case of a group of `` buttoned up '' ( all hatches closed ) british tanks being overrun by a massive swarm of chinese soldiers while they were covering an infantry retreat and then having to use their coaxial machine guns to spray each other down and get the chinese off and prevent them from prying open the hatches . 
  i 'm southern baptist and i can confirm that some southern baptists ( mostly small , backwoods mountain churches ) are massive dicks . 
  some even condemn other christians like catholics and mormons . 
  of course not all are like this but those that are are loud and give us all a bad name . 
  to which we respond by shutting rotterdam down ... with nukes ! ^ ( not really though because that would be batshit insane ), 
  you know , i think another space race would be good for everybody . 
  so much research and technology came out of trying to get to the moon that i 'd love to see what we could accomplish in a race for mars or beyond . 
  of course , it 'd hopefully be a more friendly competition that last time . 
     petrodollar   kill millions of innocent people to keep it that way . 
   usa will become one giant detroit can you troll any harder ? 
  he 's a troll , do n't waste your time arguing with him . 
  yes we do love our oil and gas prices can be a huge factor at the ballots but an invasion of a first world country in europe would probably be more detrimental to our oil supply than anything i can think of . 
  also , invading norway would be the equivalent of committing political suicide as well as destroying any legitimacy on international matters we , the united states , have as a nation . 
  finally , we get most of our oil from canada as well as the fact that we are now tapping in to so many new domestic oil and natural gas reserves that we are projected to soon be a net exporter of energy . 
  thanks !, 
  til how interestingly our modern world was shaped by little quirks . 
  yeah but the chances of the united states invading norway are somewhere between zombie hitler re-invading and the nsa ending its spying . 
  can anyone explain why it 's written differently in different countries ? 
  ah , in that case i agree with you . 
   i like to think that all people are born equal . 
  agreed  i was discussing with my wife how we need to amend the us constitution to change the bit that says the president must be born in the united states . 
  that provision is needlessly exclusionary ( though it probably made sense in 1789 ) . 
  this provision is so that there is n't undue influence on the government from other countries and world events concerning those countries . 
  for instance if we had a president born in a foreign country and that country decided to go to start a war of aggression against another another that the us should be actively opposed to . 
  however , due to his bias towards his home country he forces us policy to be neutral or in an extreme case even supportive of the aggressor . 
  the most extreme , and quite remote , possibility is that he even uses the provision in the constitution that the executive office can deploy troops for up to 40 days without congressional approval to provide direct military support in the conflict . 
  a more benign example of possible abuses would be the president using government aid projects to fund improvements in his home country . 
  - joseph stalin, 
  well in this case would n't the whole eu correlate more closely to the united states and each country of the eu to american states ? 
  because then the systems would be more similar with the possibility of search when entering the conglomeration of nations/states and then no searches when passing between the nations/states encompassed by the overreaching governing body ( the eu/federal government of the united states ) . 
   florida : american purgatory this map checks out . 
  really good job on your map , the only fault i see at a glance is that georgia and alabama are still swiched . 
  to be honest i could n't tell what manufacturer it was made by either so i just defaulted to the original one . 
  i 'd say it looks more like a .45 caliber colt 1911 . 
  i think our national pie should be pecan pie , that shit 's delicious . 
  i ca n't stress enough how true his post is . 
  the south is way more progressive and diverse than many people give it credit for . 
  we 're proud of our heritage and history but at the same time we 're not afraid to try new things and ideas . 
  atlanta hosts one of the largest lgbt communities in the united states . 
  many technological advancements have come out of the south such as air conditioning and standardized shipping crates . 
  today many businesses are based in or are relocating to the south . 
  houston alone is host to 22 fortune 500 company 's headquarters , followed by atlanta and dallas with 10 each . 
  the cdc ( center for disease control and prevention ) is based in the south along with many cutting edge research hospitals such as md anderson and emory . 
  i live in the state he burned to the ground and he 's my favorite civil war general behind general lee . 
  hey , i live in a state that even the self proclaimed geographical wizards known as europeans do n't even know of . 
  now i feel really unimportant , 
  to be honest that was a joke around here too ( i live in georgia ), 
  shit .
