  we 'll have to use our secret weapon ... honey boo boo . 
  no electricity but your posting on reddit ? 
  seems legit, 
  refrigeration of eggs keeps their albumen ( the egg white ) from evaporating through the eggs ' shells as fast so it does serve a purpose . 
  source : three years of poultry judging through the ffa . 
  true , but that page says that those are so small that they only contain ~ 1000 members each and are mainly used for disaster relief , honor guards , and office work so there 's not much of a comparison between them and the eu 's standing armies . 
  great job on your research though since i live in a state that maintains one ( georgia ) and did n't even know these existed before now . 
  i 've found people who qualify as `` rednecks '' all over the country , even in the north . 
  i have friends from up north ( new york ) who claim there are just as many rednecks uwhere they came from as there are in the south . 
  also , i live in the south and we 're not all rednecks like some people make us out to be . 
  yes , we do have some rednecks but they are mostly looked upon as white trash . 
  finally , rednecks do n't go out and kill people like your comment suggests . 
  i wish you would stop perpetuating these misconceptions mshotts . 
  instead look to america 's inner city gangs to find our true problem with violence and crime . 
  most americans hate the government 's biofuel policies as well . 
  they drive up food prices as well as affecting our cars performance ( especially in cold weather ) . 
  only if y' all have one of [ these ] ( http://cltampa.com/imager/confederate-flag-that-hangs-high-in-tampa-is-smaller-but-the-hurt-is-still/b/big/2540078/72c9/1313717462-confederate_flag.jpg ) . 
  how ? 
  you have to be 18 to buy long arms ( shotguns , rifles , etc. ), 
  and 21 to buy handguns from licenced dealers by federal law . 
  it is also illegal for anyone under 18 to possess a handgun or handgun ammunition . 
  there is no federal law prohibiting long gun possesion by people under 18 , but many states add on to these laws by prohibiting long gun possession by people under the age of 18 . 
  [ very true , this was alabama last year . 
  that 's a very good question and one that is hard to answer . 
  i think only time will tell if our actions have gained us security . 
  for all we know the cia or mi6 may be running operations right now that will stop a terrorist plot that could kill hundreds or even thousands of people in america or europe . 
  when they go right the media never seems to report it or even know about it and we 'll find out about it ( if we 're lucky ) a decade or more from now . 
  people ( and the media in particular ) only seem to care when thing go wrong . 
  in then end it is up to history to decide who was right and who was wrong as well as what course of action would have been the best . 
  as to the paranoia about islam , that view is only held by a few . 
  most realize that islam is not evil and that terrorists make up a small part of muslims . 
   i regard many americans as insipid imbeciles . 
  why ? 
  americans are no more stupid ( or smart ) than anyone else . 
  just because we have different views does not make us imbeciles , just as you are not an imbecile for having a different view than mine . 
  that 's the reason i read this sub-reddit , to hear different views from mine and to learn more about europe and its people . 
   i regard the us government as deeply corrupt and dangerous . 
  i do as well . 
  i regard * all * governments as corrupt and dangerous by their very nature . 
  they are a necessary evil and must be closely watched and controlled by their citizens . 
  the us government has become too large in my opinion and is in need of downsizing . 
   as for your analysis of spy agency treaties , check your facts . 
  you drag citizens of friendly countries of their owns streets and `` disappear '' them . 
  this is causing a storm of resentment . 
  and that is just the peak of the iceberg . 
  in many respects i was referring to the us-uk-canadian-australian-new zealand spy alliance . 
  as to the attacking of friendly citizens , i can understand how that causes anger in other countries and i do not think american citizens condone such actions . 
   i talk to a gathering of about a dozen vvd , d66 and pvda parliamentarian politicians 3 years ago . 
  we were having drinks . 
  we openly discussed 911 and the collapse of the wtc . 
  they volunteered facts on how the demolotion worked , how long it takes to plant demolition charges and what the objectives might be . 
  as such i conclude that `` truther '' thinking is normative ( even if they do n't do it out in public ) and common among dutch governmental parliamentarians . 
  live with this . 
  i sincerely hope this is not a common sentiment or was said in a joking or `` what if '' manner . 
  a cover up of the proportions needed for 9/11 is practically impossible due to the amount of explosives needed to destroy the towers but more importantly the fact that these explosives would have had to be placed in positions impossible to reach without major , conspicuous construction . 
  it would have taken hundreds of personnel including construction workers , airline officials , pilots , and government officials to pull of the attack . 
  to keep all of these people silent about the murder of nearly 3,000 innocent civilians would be impossible . 
   you still support torturing regimes to this very day . 
  in fact you cooperate with them all throughout the middle east . 
  you rendition europeans to these countries . 
  again , i can only hope that the us government will stop this and learn that it only bites everyone in the end . 
   your country has a population only 6 times that of the uk yet you spend 12 times as much . 
  i agree that we should cut some from our military such as the billions wasted on the useless airborne laser . 
  by your figures then we should cut our military spending by about half . 
  cuts of similar magnitude will take effect if the fiscal cliff hits . 
  also , we 're trying to make these cuts by focusing on special forces , air force ( including drones ) , and navy . 
  the army is even shutting down all tank production starting in 2015 and continuing to 2017 at the earliest . 
   and what has all that money got you other than an almost globally united hatred against the usa ? 
  security , although we could do that with an army half the size of ours . 
  really the reason we have such a large army is that ever since the cold war we 've felt obligated to step into international affairs to try and contain what we deem evil . 
  the base sentiment behind this view is well intentioned , but often gets twisted by politicians . 
   most europeans realize full well the us is not a friend . 
  if that statement is true then i am truly sorry because most americans consider europe to be our friends and allies . 
  i personally believe in a form of the [ `` special relationship '' ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/special_relationship ) as described by winston churchill expanded to include all of europe . 
   the us uses state department ( us taxpayer ) money to effectively bully , coerce or bribe foreign states , and that includes playing european nations versus one another why would we do this to countries who are our allies ? 
  we even have no-spy and information sharing treaties with many western countries . 
   many go as far as distrust the 9/11 narrative in full , and that includes speculation among dutch parliamentarians that 9/11 was in fact an inside job . 
  can you imagine ? 
  your own allies regard the us as being morally capable of killing a few thousands of is own citizens in a friendly soil pr exercise . 
  you 've spent too much time on r/conspiracy . 
  9/11 was a terrorist event that has been proven as such form every legitimate study into it , including studies by independent third parties . 
  to say it was an inside job for pr is like saying that the dutch ( i 'm assuming you 're dutch ) wanted to get invaded by hitler to drum up sympathy from other western nations . 
  if any of 9/11 was an inside job i can assure you that the citizens of the united states would have every politician striped from power and in jail . 
   in fact i could well argue the us military presence world wide is causing massive bloodshed , supports right wing dictatorships and cultivates slave state production facilities . 
  i 'll agree with you that we have been in the wrong by trying to advance our interests through puppet dictatorships such as the shah in iran and ngo dinh diem in south vietnam . 
  i feel like we were wrong to take away the freedom of choice in their government of these country 's citizens for our goals . 
  hopefully our government has learned it lesson from how badly these normally go . 
   terrorism is a matter for law enforcement . 
  i wish that terrorists were just a simple street gang but in reality they far outgun law enforcement agencies . 
  they are also outside of most law enforcement jurisdictions . 
   as your quip about `` disaster relief '' , do n't make me laugh . 
  i read the wikileaks consular emails on what your own diplomats mean with your version of `` disaster relief '' . 
  so i sweep that argument of the table . 
  it is ludicrous . 
  i can speak for normal american citizens when i say that we truly care about helping others in need . 
   perhaps pro-americans just ca n't empathise with the fact europeans do n't want gigantic armies that use the gdp of small and medium sized countries . 
  i 'm pro-american and even pro-military ( although i do not think they deserve a blank check to spend as much as they want ) and i can empathise with those countries that do not want to have a huge army . 
  i would even love to not have to have a military at all and for all the world 's conflicts to end . 
  however , conflict has been around since the beginning of time and i think that it is not going away anytime soon so that countries must be prepared for it . 
  america is also going to have an army that uses the gdp of a small or even medium sized country purely due to our size .
