you are not wrong  on a side note - i think it 's funny how the ex communist countries are now the biggest proponents of neoliberal capitalism, 
  had to do a lot of google maps to understand . 
  you are talking about intersection where a10 and a8 meets ? 
  it really looks stupid . 
  we are about to finish via baltica from kaunas to poland in just 2022 i guess , so for the northern part of it , we 'll have to wait until 2030 probably ... 
  i 'm not sure , why government is not considering getting a loan for this road , as it is top national priority not only for us , but for you and estonians as well . 
  what you are talking about is also very much true for lithuania . 
  which is surprising . 
  we have districts like that , which we call to this day `` dormitory disctrict '' where people just lived ( also no cafes , no shops , no services ) , worked in factories in other part of the city . 
  but we were communist back then , how come the same happened in france ? 
  nobody starved in communist world either . 
  but food choices ( and stuff choices ) was really scarce . 
  i think nobody is saying communism is better , it 's absurd . 
  but we must face the flaws of capitalism , and discuss , how better to deal with them . 
  marx did not say , society must be authoritarian . 
  he was a philosopher . 
  communists were dictators and corrupt idiots . 
  capitalism is the way , how human nature works , and it must be taken as a fact . 
  probably what teh_sauce_guy has in mind , is the way we deal with capitalism - either neoliberal way ( tax cuts for the rich ) or scandinavian way - free education , free healthcare , social justice . 
  i think it 's rather clear , which society does better . 
  capitalism in my country also increased living standards amazingly , but i do n't like where it is going , we have total neoliberal society . 
  that 's why we lead the world in suicides and alcoholism . 
  fuck yeah , at last, 
  why not build motorway from riga towards panevezys ? 
  from then you could go to vilnius , or to kaunas and rest of europe . 
  i think in the future we will finish our part of via baltica , and it would be nice to drive to riga in a motorway . 
  yes , but the fact , that may called this election , thinking she would beat the shit out of labour - just shows , how badly she miscalculated . 
  it should have been victory by a landslide , yet , it was a draw . 
  you are the reason , why i love france and french people . 
  4-0 so far . 
  what does this mean ? 
  labour of course . 
  it 's young people voting . 
  should eurovision be just about music , not politics ? 
  i thought trump and pence were anti-nato not anti-eu ? 
  what 's wrong with eu ? 
  who is less likely to press nuclear button or cause another financial crash ? 
  i 'm not sure what is more threatening - radical fundamentalist pence or unpredictable trump . 
  looks like it 's going to be chaos in any scenario . 
  i do n't know the system , maybe someone could explain : can labour make coalition with others to keep may out of power ? 
  either way you look - it 's a win for progressives and big loose for may . 
  and this is just getting started . 
  oh yes you are  may fcked up big time . 
  poland power, 
  i 'm not sure what do you mean by this , and what does this add to discussion . 
  of course we need to do that , but it wo n't happen . 
  forget it . 
  people wo n't elect landsbergis , they hate him . 
  liberals are too weak , socdems are still too red , farmers will continue with their nonsenses . 
  nothing makes me think we will see change . 
  we 're fucked up country and will stay this way for 20-30 years longer , before all pre 1990 people will die out . 
  that 's why i 'm arguing , that despite `` impressive '' numbers and gdp growth , people will continue to leave this country . 
  and you do n't understand how human self worth and ambition works , i see . 
  but enlighten me please , what do i get wrong about economy ? 
  estonia has gdp similar as ours , yet pays their doctors 2 times more . 
  i may have exaggerated a little bit with 3 times , but the fact remains , that they are better of nowadays . 
  they still have about 30 % better standart of living : `` local purchasing power in tallinn is 28.45 % higher than in vilnius '' but we should better compare vilnius to similar city , like gothenburg . 
  it 's in rich sweden , but prices are only 40-50 % higher , while salaries are 70 % higher . 
  https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=sweden&amp;country2=lithuania&amp;city1=gothenburg&amp;city2=vilnius&amp;tracking=getdispatchcomparison and also the thing , that doctors about average in vilnius - in gothenburg they make more than double . 
  this is what i 'm talking about , when i say we need to make our priorities straight , and start caring for people . 
  they will spend that deserved money , and boost economy , you know . 
  wait what ? 
  when have you been in poland or estonia ? 
  go and see for yourself , i 'm not making this up . 
  i 'm comparing to sweden in the first place , because we have emigration problem , which is increasing , in the first months of 2017 more people left than within the same time in 2016 . 
  we can show to the world , hey , how great , economy has grown 4 % , how amazing !, 
  while in reality it 's nothing , we must do much better than that , and it 's not only grow economy - we have a corruption , nepotism problems , ignoring the needs of the people and so on . 
  we will never stop emigration this way , saying that 750 euro for doctors are okay salary , not with even 10 % of growing economy . 
  unqualified workers leave this place , qualified people have even more incentives to do so . 
  if there would be hope in the future , and i mean real hope , that average salary would be 1200 , and for middle class in vilnius 2000 , then and only then we can start talking about stopping the emigration . 
  he just want 's to see lithuania better than it really is . 
  we do n't need 400 % grow overnight . 
  we need to set our priorities straight . 
  like introduce taxes for farmers for example , or taxes for the rich . 
  give more money not for `` projects '' but for people . 
  ok , we can compare with poland or estonia . 
  poland has 1.5 x or 2x bigger salaries while much lower prices . 
  estonia has 3x bigger salaries , while having similar prices . 
  btw that salaries from santariskes are bruto . 
  neto doctors average about 900 eur . 
  in the best hospital in lithuania . 
  while shittiest ambulatory in sweden will pay you no less than 5000 . 
  it 's the same with a lot of other specialties and fields . 
  it 's the same for unqualified work . 
  emigration will only increase . 
  it 's not poverty technically , but it 's a miserable living standard . 
  not everybody works in santariskes you know . 
  we can broaden category of people who are getting fucked : nurses , other inferior personnel in hospitals , scientists , government workers etc. 
  private jobs in vilnius are now paying decent salaries , but there are virtually none private jobs in rural areas , so you wo n't attract many young people there . 
  technically yes , but that 's not middle class either . 
  750 euro in vilnius is poverty . 
  while you are 50 years old , have responsibilities , children . 
  do n't pretend it is n't . 
  prices are similar to western europe already , maybe only 1.5 x less . 
  but the average joe there makes 2000 and 50 year olds make 3000 . 
  it 's not even comparable . 
  senior doctors make 750 euro in antakalnio clinics . 
  what 's the point talking about people in poverty then ? 
  who are they ? 
  when highly educated people with experience are living in poverty ?
