  by this refs standards i 'd have thought so . 
  heresy !, 
  ah fuck this then, 
  right here it comes ... 
  no wait , this time ... 
  a charger is a medevil warhorse . 
  jungle jims was in glengormley, 
  fuck me , how far did you have to walk in to town if you were originally intending to commute by ulsterbus !?!, 
  see also : being white in china . 
  2nd ed fluff is the one true fluff !, 
  aside from other comments re : wording and fury ( which i agree with 100 % ) , i would be interested to know if there is any historical precedence for this story ? 
  a small grain of accuracy goes a long way when it comes to historical war drama . 
  yeah it 's a good visual metaphor but since the us did n't enter the war until after the first deployment of tanks i wonder if the timeline is right ... 
  american cavalry did apparently fight through the prelude to and much of the 1918 meuse-argonne offensive and wiki describes the force as :, 
   a provisional squadron of 418 officers and enlisted men , representing the 2nd cavalry regiment , and mounted on convalescent horses, 
  with only 150 survivors when they were removed from the front in mid-october . 
  they would have fought alongside french rather than british forces but i get why you would fudge this for a hollywood film . 
  no matter which way you skin it , any tale of american action in ww1 is going to be set near the end of the war , which is going to make it quite hard to differentiate it from fury . 
  a version of this story in 1916 , during the first tank deployments at the somme could be interesting , as you 'd be setting it during that transitional moment when tanks were new and terrifying but also somewhat untested and crewed by less experienced guys . 
  the timeline issue could maybe be solved by making your guy an american volunteer in either the canadian , french or british forces . 
  this might suit your cowboy theme , a lone hero who volunteered for adventure on a dangerous frontier sort of thing ? 
  just my tuppence of course , i write a lot of historical war drama and love kicking this sort of thing around . 
  tycho is my spirit animal . 
  yeah for sure !, 
  if you 're exploring a 1916 / battle of the somme timeline maybe look in to the battle of bazentin ridge :, 
   the 20th deccan horse made the only cavalry charge of the battle of the somme , against iii battalion , infantry regiment 26 concealed in crops east of the wood . 
  the crew of an aircraft of 3 squadron rfc saw the infantry and cavalry advance and the pilot dived at the german troops , strafing them from a height of 300 feet ( 91 m ) . 
  a fighter plane strafing in support of a cavalry charge would look awesome on screen and fits your metaphor too ... 
  scatman john left us for the big scatland in the sky :(, 
  [ doc marten 's for life come with a lifetime guarantee ] ( http://www.drmartens.com/us/c/mens-for-life ) . 
  i 've had mine a year now and have noticed that they are also a fair bit comfier than standard docs . 
  would n't look out of place on the cover of a commodore 64 game ... 
  looks like someone broke the first rule of jedi club . 
  back to / r/northernireland lads , they clearly do n't appreciate the craic here . 
  well dario fo did die last week so ... 
  the good friday agreement, 
  nuked the entire site from orbit . 
  well nothing happens on screen by accident ( if everyone is doing their jobs properly ) but it might just be a bit of visual irony - miller is voicing his commitment to see his mission through but is still the same tired , broken man that he 's always been ? 
  genevieve and ryan are best mates . 
  they are also mates with lela . 
  lela and genevieve are competing for ryan 's affections . 
  genevieve is used to being chased rather than doing the chasing . 
  lela is conniving . 
  i research on tv shows for a living , the weird advertising my writing generates is a mere drop in the ocean compared to that generated by my work . 
  bring back spuds !, 
  [ here 's what a production researcher does . 
  ] ( http://creativeskillset.org/job_roles/308_researcher_tv ) though i mostly work at assistant producer level now . 
  well enough !, 
  got a wife and a house and a car and a decent pc . 
  well i 'd still love to make a living from writing but got ta do something in the mean time !, 
  this is correct . 
  drink whiskey and read books, 
  you 'll just have to double down on the books then i guess, 
  tell you what , this is making me hungry for some fucking spam . 
  make europe great again !, 
  alright lads i 'm only messin, 
  not a student or alum but was lucky enough to be on a development course recently run by usc profs david isaacs and tom abrams . 
  it was a great course , wish i 'd studied under guys like that at uni !, 
  the 1st ad looks like he 's about to lose his shit at someone off camera . 
  you mean a game console, 
  triggered, 
  a topknot, 
  if i ca n't shitpost , i do n't want to be part of your revolution !, 
  always upvote bueno excellente . 
  or else . 
  [ or else end up like kyle ] ( http://imgur.com/a/6cksy ), 
  wonder woman also looks less than concerned . 
  [ cut to ... ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/13d2jhlslxklve/giphy.gif ), 
  you are fully bonded and licensed by the city , are n't you , mr. 
  plow ? 
  one of those taglines that out and out lie to the audience . 
  see also : no man left behind ( black hawk down ), 
  hey its me ur first minister, 
  it 's a perfect metaphor for the dried husk of a company that raleigh now is . 
  especially the women, 
  steel frame and claris groupset for # 600 ? 
  for # 650 you can get an alu frame with 105 from decathlon that also has mounts for mudguards and a rack . 
  if he can hold on a few more years he might get to see america invade mexico, 
  gwar played this on undercover for odorous :(, 
  this damn comedy song has more cultural longevity than the movie it 's riffing on, 
  not during chomsky 's lifetime !, 
  ( yet ), 
  yeah well , you 're only basing that on overwhelming statistical evidence ... 
   i have a love of it . 
  ftfy, 
  says the welshman ... 
  all tadghs are targets, 
  i knew from watching this game that we might not get the result we want out of it but we would definitely get some damn fine gifs . 
  i think that can be said of most languages tbf ( except english weirdly ), 
  big ian reaching beyond the grave to coach the all blacks ... 
  [ orange blacks ? 
  ] ( http://ghk.h-cdn.co/assets/16/25/1466451898-orange-is-the-new-black-cast-1.jpg ), 
  i have had a feature script developed by ni screen and it was a very positive experience !, 
  they have also funded a few shorts that i 've made . 
  i work for them as a freelance script reader too . 
  honestly could n't recommend working with them any more highly . 
  my experience with funding bodies in the south is more with rte and bai which has been more of a mixed bag . 
  have n't managed to ever secure any ifb funding . 
  not sure if they 're more wary of funding nordies or if they just do n't like my stuff . 
  pm me if you have any specific questions !,
