  just upgraded my wheels and tyres during the week as well and have n't managed to give them a good spin yet ... 
  he 's a great character for other teams/supporters to love to hate . 
  i spent pretty much all of the ireland v england 6 nations game drunkenly screaming at him through the pub tv . 
  is n't he too old for this shit ? 
  he looks like he should be laying seige to minas tirith, 
  i did both !, 
  lots of mother fucking cats . 
  little italy or pizza works ( antrim rd ), 
  avoid both just to be safe ... 
  better yet , they imply that they have discovered rhyming for germans by pointing out that `` klein '' and `` kein '' rhyme - how did nobody notice that before !?!, 
  wish i did :( not too many bikes around town with butterfly bars though ... 
  the butterfly shaped handlebars and matt black handlebar tape are custom and were installed by me after the straight bars got bent in a crash . 
  north belfast . 
  probably not worth claiming it off my house insurance ... the bike was n't worth a lot but i 'd put a lot of time in working on it :(, 
  edit : i did report it to the cops though . 
  true !, 
  nothing ventured nothing gained, 
  rub it in why do n't you , 
  we 're north belfast ... 
  i 've had my eye open since it 's a pretty unique looking bike but no sign yet !, 
  sounds like a very similar situation indeed ... 
  i 'm no particular fan of big nolan , but he deserves a pulitzer for not calling that woman a cunt live on the air . 
  getting clocked by some moron for no reason whatsoever : the growing up in northern ireland story . 
  in your case you save valuable time by not being asked to recite the hail mary / sing the sash first . 
  europe :, 
  alliance, 
  green, 
  council :, 
  alliance, 
  workers party, 
  sdlp, 
  i hope it 's his brother 's pub . 
  and that they 've barred him anyway . 
  i work in the local media so my perspective may be different from others ... 
  i certainly do n't hate him the way some people seem to . 
  in my opinion , nolan is at his best when he 's confronting people who genuinely need to be confronted , as he does in this clip , but when he applies this attitude to smaller issues , like traffic wardens or something , it can come off as bullying and sensationalist tabloid-style journalism . 
  i also think he can come across a bit diva-ish at times . 
  i 'm thinking specifically of a weight-loss programme he did with gerry anderson years ago , in which a group of over-weight people , including nolan , were going to train to take part in some sort of charity running event . 
  nolan basically refused to take part in any training and the show became this weird farce in which gerry would follow nolan around and try to get him to do some exercise . 
  this was actually quite entertaining in a weird way , but i felt sorry for the other punters on the show who were making a real go of it - the show was meant to be about them losing weight but it turned in to something else entirely basically because nolan could n't be arsed . 
  disappointing . 
  if i remember correctly , when they got to the airport hunter lit up a smoke beside the plane and everyone freaked the fuck out because they were still fuelling it - he nearly blew up nixon ( and himself ! ), 
  when i lived on the lower ormeau you 'd see the odd hardnut standing outside the hideout . 
  scary as fuck for sure but there 's something comical about an obviously paramilitary bar called `` the hideout '' . 
  it 's not much of a hideout if it says `` the hideout '' on the front in massive letters ... 
  that 's how he reportrd it in fear and loathing on the campaign '72 anyway . 
  i 'm sure they were never in real danger but it 's fun to think that hunter of all people could have inadvertantly taken nixon out . 
  i 've heard a few but sure you never know what to believe . 
  people love to hate on big stevie !, 
  sadly it 's the post she made advertising bongs and other drug paraphernalia that is most likely to be her undoing . 
  we used these on a recent bbc cycling programme and they held up a treat despite constant use and man-handling . 
  they sponsor at least 1 triathlete i think . 
  if there was a subreddit for posting ignorant shit people say on / r/shitamericanssay then i would post this to it . 
  what do you mean by lower class exactly ? 
  when i was there for the last world cup our local expat bar stayed open especially for the games . 
  lagan towpath ? 
  i had trouble with my last set of sks but cant remember the model ... will have a look tho , cheers !, 
  well i say beater just because it probably will take a beating ... 
  i picked it up from a bike workshop i like for # 80 . 
  it probably cost me more than you might expect ( it 's a steel 333 frame ) but the groupset has barely been used and the wheels have just been trued . 
  half decent continental tyres and a set of spds made it all the more worth it too !, 
  it 's a good bike for what it is but hopefully wont attract much attention from thieves . . 
  yeah i do n't need sti shifters just to get around town and the clicky plastic downtube ones that came with this are actually really user friendly compared to the metal ones on my da 's old dawes galaxy . 
  i love the old breaks that you can pull while riding on the top bar - that 's where i usually find myself when slowing down in traffic so that i can properly observe my sorroundings, 
  your truck has an automatic gearbox - it 's already as unmanly as it 's likely to get . 
  come join us on / r/bikecommuting - pretty sure we have some dallas dudes who can help you out !, 
  i think kiff is the only sound guy on the island so he probably has a lot more to do behind the camera . 
  the more christians who denounce radical lunatics like pmcconnell and the free p the better . 
  every time some muslim extremist does something stupid we get to hear from a moderate spokesperson reminding us ( rightly ) that the nutcases are in the minority . 
  someone should fill that role for christians in ni . 
  disclaimer : not a christian . 
  i moved to harbin just as the festival was winding down . 
  i did n't bother paying to see the big ice castle thing but got to see all the cool sculptures on the street relatively hassle free . 
  when i got back on the bike in a serious way this time last year my arse was killing me after the 8 mile ride to work . 
  i went to the local bike shop on my lunch and dropped # 10 on a gel cover . 
  used it once or twice to ease myself back in but now find riding without it to be much more comfortable . 
  i do wear padded shorts for longer rides ( 15 + miles ) and find they are a big help . 
  the reaction at ravenhill was phenomenal , hard to believe he wo n't be stepping out there again after we 've already lost so many great players this year ... 
  dude i have the same shoes ( as far as i can tell from the photo ) and i lost a bolt from the left one about 8 weeks ago . 
  i just tightened the shit out of the remaining bolt and kept going ... been retightening it once a week since and so far it has survived ... 
  word . 
  wearing em right now !, 
  shit , i may even have some somewhere ... 
  i should really get around to sorting that . 
  it 's all themmums fault . 
  themmums get erryhing an we get nahin . 
  my paternal grandfather was in the army in ww1 and a staunch nationalist . 
  he was born 100 years before me though so i never met him ... 
  thanks !, 
  the concept seems to be working but i definitely need to dig deeper in to the characters and the world . 
  as to how i ended up script reading for bbc ni , it 's just a freelance thing - they send me scripts as and when . 
  long story short , i 'd been working in tv for a while ( 6 - 7 years on and off ) in a few different roles but always trying to get script work where possible ... after doing some storylining for an irish language drama , some script editing and writing for an rte web series and a few weeks as a script assistant on a local drama i got on to a bbc script editing course at the 360 screenwriting festival in january . 
  i met the bbc ni script exec at that and asked her if they needed any readers . 
  she asked me to do a trial , i did it , and she said okay !, 
  i have n't done many recently , as i currently work as the assistant script editor on the bbc ni drama 6degrees . 
  at least i hope that 's the reason , it 's been a while since they sent me a script lol, 
  i also do script reading for ni screen , it was a more formal application process . 
  they advertised the job back in december , we did trial reports in ( i think ) february and then we had a training day in april . 
  i 'm working on my first report for them now !, 
  the draft that got sent in is here :,
