  even fewer pupils would have been sitting them then ... not sure what the grade structure was then though . 
  the only people who get to decide who is qualified to be the mp for islington north are the registered voters of islington north , to suggest otherwise is undemocratic/authoritarian . 
  one last edit because i 'm bored with this now . 
  john major left school at the age of sixteen in 1959 with three o-levels * and he actually was the fucking prime minister . 
  peace . 
  everything trump says is in response to snickering , whether he knows it or not . 
  he ( ironically ) taught geography to classes of 70 + in jamaica , not much of a jolly if you 've ever tried controlling kids in a classroom !, 
  i have a lot of respect for john major but your argument up to now was that corbyn never finished high school so let me get this straight ... it 's not his lack of formal qualifications that makes him unqualified now because that would make a tory prime minister unqualified too ? 
  somehow john major was qualified to get a job in a bank after doing 3 o-levels by post but corbyn is n't qualified to work at a trade union with 2 a-levels and teaching experience ? 
  catch yourself on . 
  you 've just invented this idea that he was rich and landed jobs due to his connections . 
  time to lay your evidence on the table otherwise we could just start saying it about anyone . 
  `` theresa may fingered robin leigh-pemberton 's asshole to get a job at the bank of england ! '', 
  dunno where you get this idea that jeremy 's parents were rolling in it . 
  his dad was a successful engineer but his parent 's estate was only worth # 250,000 when his mother passed away . 
  they worked hard and had a nice house but if you can get me some figures on how much money they had i 'd be interested to see them - and see how they compare to , say boris , or dave ... 
  yup i just rejoined the wobs last week , still waiting on my application being processed . 
  he looks pretty close to how how graham higgins [ drew vimes for the graphic novel ] ( https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/61ybom6elal.jpg ) . 
  works for me !, 
  [ the notorious el eye zee . 
  yeah was n't that pic taken in israel ? 
  [ it generally gets reported as such . 
  ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/politics/who-dup-what-policies-mean-10589910 ), 
  yeah it 's a bit sketchy wherever it is tbh , especially in light of his role in the ulster resistance . 
  having worked on a couple of panel shows that have sunk without a trace , i would say that it does seem to be hard to land a successful one on tv right now . 
  i ca n't think of a new panel show from the last 5 years that has actually got any traction ... 
  i remember thinking that a league of their own was the exception to this rule ... when it got a 3rd series in 2012/13 ... 
  i think viewers are too canny to the artifice of them now , shows like cats does countdown and celebrity juice get some mileage from leaning in to that but every panel show ca n't be a parody of panel shows ... the formats do n't tend to sell well internationally and uktv will only take it if there 's enough episodes to fill a sizeable hole on dave so as sad as it is to say i can sort of see where they 're coming from ... 
  sure !, 
  i was a production researcher on 2 series of [ monumental ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b03v4b4p ) and the radio version of [ bad language ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b036zp4b ) . 
  i was then an assistant producer on the tv version of [ bad language ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b06yn1sg ) and 2 series of [ delete delete delete ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b06yn1sg ), 
  all regional shows with aspirations of going network but it was n't to be for any of them ... 
  true but if anything , as yet untitled feels the most panel showy of the current crop as it 's basically just an excuse for comedians and celebs to sit at a table and deliver their best material , which is basically what panel shows are . 
  again , i think it works because it is stripped of all artifice . 
  taskmaster works for me because the tasks are n't an excuse for comedians to do bits , they are genuinely interesting/funny/challenging in their own right and good casting just makes it even better . 
  it 's like the bake off of comedy . 
  edit : i just remembered about harry hill 's alien fun capsule , which i quite liked but it was one panel show parody too many , i think ... 
  cool , thanks for watching !, 
  i think there was a bit of an assumption that it worked for radio ( of the two , its probably my preferred incarnation ) so it will work on tv but it was hard coming at it with new talent and a new producer in a new medium , to be honest . 
  i do think all the pieces were there but just needed some fine tuning . 
  i still have nightmares about finding props for the prop game ... 
   as yet untitled is a chat show - it 's graham nortons show but with 4 guests and a table rather than a sofa . 
  i see where you 're coming from but as yet untitled is n't bringing people on to flog their new movie or single or what have you , it 's definitely not a traditional chat show , more that sort of chat/panel hybrid of room 101 perhaps ... 
   alien fun capsule was just shooting stars ramped up to 20 , a comedy show that just so happens to look like a panel show . 
  agreed . 
  if anyone could pull off a new shooting stars type thing i thought it would be harry hill but it 's not looking good ... another way to describe it is maybe tv burp dressed up as a panel show but it did n't do nearly as well as burb so i can see why the panel show format is starting to lose favour with commissioners . 
   it 's difficult to parody a panel show as ishac has been doing it so well for over 45 years . 
  there 's a different grammar to tv panel but it is hard to beat have n't a clue for my money . 
  celebrities are more expensive to book than researchers so alien fun capsule was probably dearer than burp , i think burp had just sort of run its course tbh . 
  if you can find it i 'd be interested in your opinion !, 
  rich hall doing the props round made the whole tv series worthwhile imo !, 
  yeah that makes sense , they probably realized they could just book a load of onscreen talent with the money they were spending on writers and researchers . 
  thanks !, 
  in norn iron the wall would be a lot higher . 
  na not that rare , especially not nowadays . 
  do n't even get me started on this shit , if you find good ones you message me straight away day or night , day or night !, 
  what city you in ? 
  if there 's a iww or iwgb local they may be able to help you out . 
  industrial workers of the world and independent workers of great britain are unions that organise and represent independent couriers . 
  i think both are active in london . 
  if you have not been paid money you are owed , your local branch of either may be able to help . 
  [ iww ] ( https://iww.org.uk/campaign/join-the-couriers-roovelution/ ), 
  [ iwgb ] ( https://iwgbclb.wordpress.com/ ), 
  so this sort of answers a question i had about primaris ... they 're 30k marines that got upgraded and then cryofrozen , is that right ? 
  lol harsh . 
  the fact the wears 69 as well ... 
  one wee multi-wrench thing is fine for the bag like, 
  i actually agree with this for the most part . 
  i grew up amidst an above average amount of civil unrest and in my experience , violence only serves to entrench people further in their beliefs when really to affect change we need to open people 's minds to new ideas . 
  / u/thinks _ too_much does have a point about the literal fascist take over , though ... 
  you can just mark yourself absent on staffo and cite unsafe riding conditions in the reason , it 'll get approved even on the day of . 
  i am generally opposed to labeling people bootlickers or whatever but that is some stupid naive shit right there . 
  welcome big brother kleptocracy !, 
  me_irl ( in rocket league ), 
  you get # 100 if you refer a cyclist and they do 20 drops . 
  you get # 250 if you refer a scooter rider and they do 20 drops . 
  they get # 50 either way i think . 
  ah right enough , the text message i pulled that info off was from feb !, 
  am i alone in preferring the old-school weyland-yutani logo ? 
  been seeing the weyland solo logo on here a lot lately ... 
  red is probably nicer on the tan jacket tbf . 
  i missed crazy american commercials almost as much as i missed crazy american football . 
  carl 's jr fundamentally misunderstand what biscuits are . 
  and what sausages are . 
  edgy . 
  open beta was pretty fun, 
  no court would convict you, 
  midnight is only once a day ... 
   not every country believes in free speech . 
  that is only the us . 
  lol what ? 
  yes , asda is a uk supermarket chain owned by walmart . 
  stomp wheat everyday, 
   it 's like how ireland is covered by the uks domestic intelligence service , mi5 , as opposed to their foreign intelligence service , mi6 . 
  source ? 
  cool , did n't know that - thanks !, 
  true dat, 
  primarchis, 
  get your links out for the lads, 
  at least then i 'd have a chance of seeing them play in london,
