  i would class myself as both those things and you basically said in your edit : what i came here to say , 
  i think religion is a very powerful tool for artificially constructing evil . 
  i 've never ever been on time for an ama before !!!, 
  the only reason i am now is because i 'm stuck at the office working on a comedy tv show and i just wanted to say that whose line is it anyway has been a massive influence - thanks !, 
  i found a book in a guesthouse once called `` the oxford history of the world '' which was a really good read but very long . 
  ex-art dept guy here . 
  as a rule , we always covered any logos on products and any real world advertisements where possible . 
  this could be as simple as turning a beer can 90 \u00b0 so that the logo isnt visible , or covering part of a billboard ad with some stock posters of our own . 
  i do n't really know how necessary / effective it was but it was definitely sop . 
  it has elements of low-key , contemporary sci-fi so i worry that it is n't showy enough for the genre fests and too genre for the artier ones ... 
  feedback from other industry people i know has been positive so far ... the snag is that making changes is also going to cost as much as , if not more money than entering at least a few more fests ... 
  that 's just it ... 
  i was confident that we have made the best product we could with the budget available to us . 
  if someone who has been through this process before with a low-budget short could tell me how many fests they applied for and how many they actually got in to , it would really help me gauge how much ( if any ) trouble i 'm in ... 
  as a side note , getting in to festivals is important as it will be seen as a measure of success by the people who funded the film . 
  i want to build on my relationship with them in order to get funded for future projects . 
  when you come to actually shoot this thing , the lack of independent scene headings might be a problem for your 1st ad , locations dept , art dept etc if they do n't realise that the scene takes place in more than one room . 
  ultimately , a screenplay is a blueprint for a production , and how many locations there are in a given script is extremely important information that the crew need from as close to day one of pre-production as possible . 
  in terms of actually scripting the action , i would share your instinct not to overtly describe the shots ( this is something i was taught at uni so it 's just habit for me ) . 
  instead i would use something like :, 
  int . 
  living room - night, 
  we move through the party to find clara ( 21 ) and dave ( 30 ) engaged in flirtatious chit chat over a glass of wine, 
  clara, 
  are you having a good time , dave ? 
  dave, 
  i am thoroughly enjoying your performance in this web-series , clara . 
  as clara and dave chat we continue moving to ... 
  int . 
  kitchen - night, 
  ... steve ( 25 ) and tony ( 16 ) sitting at the kitchen table , having a tense discussion . 
  steve, 
  are n't you a little young to be in this screenplay , tony ? 
  tony, 
  leave me alone , steve !, 
  you 're not my real dad !, 
  you 're just an example used to illustrate a point in some loser 's post on reddit !, 
  off steve 's stunned silence , we move again ... 
  back yard - night, 
  ... to find alexis ( 30 ) alone , smoking a cigarette in the yard . 
  alexis, 
  please do n't give me any dialogue , this example is way too long as is . 
  and so on and so forth ... that 's just how i would do it ( though obviously the formatting is a bit fucked ... ), 
  i understand that there is also an argument against the use of `` we '' and `` our '' in screenplay in i broadly agree with it but for extended sequences like this i find it most readable . 
  i work in tv and sometimes when we 're developing something , the exec will ask `` what is the epg ? '' . 
  they are referring to the electronic programme guide , which is the little one or two sentence description of the programme that you see when you hit the `` info '' button on your remote control - if you cant sum your show up in an epg then you have no show . 
  when we are pitching programmes to broadcasters , we will often use something akin to this at the top of our pitch doc - very similar to a log-line . 
  obviously , when a show makes it to air each episode will have an epg , and if we are including a breakdown of individual episodes in our pitch , then usually the description will consist of little more than an epg line ( unless we 've been specifically asked for more ), 
  i suppose for a web-series , you could consider the clip description to be the `` epg '' ... 
  i did once work on a web-series commissioned by a national broadcaster here in europe and when we were pitching the series , a `` series logline '' was definitely part of the pitch . 
  we delivered an episode every couple of months to the broadcaster and each one had a short description for the website . 
  infact , the website is still live and can be found here :, 
  so the series logline would be : with three women up the duff ... will scott finally manage to grow up ? 
  you can also see each webisode 's `` epg '' by hovering over it . 
  hope that helps !, 
  if you 're interested in taking a look , i will send you a private link for your eye only . 
  it 's 13 minute running time . 
  i 'll drop you a dm with a link if you do n't mind taking a look - it 's a 13 minute film . 
  i was rattled when i got rejected from a local ( ish ) festival but the city hosting the fest is the current uk city of culture and i submitted a genre film so that may have something to do with it ... 
  no problem !, 
  to answer your question ... it is difficult to get work in tv but i have been very lucky so far . 
  of course , the harder i work the luckier i get !, 
  i started out working on dramas and feature films , doing dogsbody work for the art department - painting sets lifting boxes of props , stuff like that . 
  i took an unpaid trainee gig on a low budget drama series and just hung around until they started throwing me a few quid . 
  i did art department work for a few years , while maintaining a part time job in a convenience store to help with the rent . 
  after a few really tough gigs and my mother ' passing , i started to question my career path - i wanted to be a writer , but when i was working 12-14 hour days in the art dept i had no time or energy to write . 
  worse still , i have no real aptitude for design so i was unlikely to climb much higher than prop master on local productions . 
  i decided to take a career break and move to china for a few months to teach english . 
  just before i left , 3 years of pestering and spec scripts paid off ( a bit ) and i got a gig writing storylines for the drama series that had first hired me as a prop hand . 
  after china , my girlfriend and i kept travelling for another year or so ( se asia and australia ) and towards the end of the trip i started to worry about what i would do when i got home . 
  a lot of my old colleagues were now working on game of thrones ( filmed in my home town , belfast ) but i was desperate to get another job where i would be able to have some editorial input in to the programmes i made . 
  while i was still in australia , i applied for a production trainee programme run by the bbc and our local film board , which placed trainees on a researcher/assistant producer/producer sort of career path . 
  i was lucky enough to get it and had various placements at different production companies - even working as a script assistant at the company that had first hired me to do props . 
  one placement in particular , working at a company that specializes in comedy and entertainment , felt like a good fit . 
  i worked hard doing my job as a researcher and wrote a lot of jokes and content in my spare time . 
  some of it made it in the to the shows , a lot did n't . 
  it paid off though . 
  when my training programme ended , this company kept me on to work on their next three productions !, 
  that said , now that i am a freelancer again , i am sitting here in my pajamas telling you this story at 9am . 
  i 've had a great run this year , but i do n't have anything specific lined up just now ... 
  ... but at least i have time to write !, 
  hopefully that answers your question !, 
  the white stripes were a band ... 
  though i hardly think it 's a good omen that we ( ireland ) have a good chance of drawing the all blacks in the qf ... 
  7 nation army has a good marching beat to it, 
  here 's hoping !, 
  15 storys high is excellent . 
  i love the beeb and do most of my work either directly or indirectly for them , but to be fair to c4 , they are n't for profit either :, 
  channel 4 was launched on 2nd november 1982 with a unique business model , under the broadcasting act 1981 . 
  we are funded predominantly by advertising and sponsorship , but unlike other broadcasters such as itv , channel 4 is not shareholder owned . 
  channel 4 is a statutory corporation , independent of government , and governed by a unitary board made up of executive and non-executive directors , who are responsible for ensuring that channel 4 fulfils its remit and delivers its financial responsibilities . 
  non-executive directors are appointed by ofcom in agreement with the secretary of state for culture , media and sport . 
  this system ensures our not-for-profit status ; that we are held accountable and that all profit generated by our commercial activity is directly reinvested back into the delivery of our public service remit . 
  funnily enough , strictly and bake off are not just two of the most popular programmes in the uk , but two of the most popular tv formats in the world - both which originated at the bbc . 
  so it 's obvious that the beeb are succeeding in their remit to entertain with these programmes . 
  better still , the profits from these massive format rights sales and royalties ( strictly is licensed in over 40 countries ) go back to the beeb instead of to the shareholders of some commercial broadcaster or some super-indie . 
  ultimately , these two shows are unlikely to cost the license fee payer a penny and are enjoyed by millions of people world wide , so why gripe ? 
  as for the unbiased nature of the news ... the day i see rupert murdoch being grilled on fox news the way george entwistle was grilled on the today programme , that 's the day i 'll start getting my news elsewhere . 
  if i 'm honest , i do n't write anywhere near as much as i would like . 
  in the last few years i 've focused mostly on short-form projects , like the above mentioned web-series , a couple of short films , corporate gigs ...
