   there are times when the allocation of public money , is better used by paying the private sector to provision some services . 
  that was what my entire example was about . 
  simple question - why are you ignoring this ? 
  where is your evidence of that , incidentally ? 
  what facts and figures can you provide to show that private companies have made more efficient use of tax payer money to provide healthcare ? 
   i then subsequently gave reasons , why at the moment the nhs might need to farm out services to the nhs - because the rapid advance in techniques means it currently is n't economic to incorporate bespoke treatments , and money can be spent better elsewhere until such times as it is economic to do so . 
  i 'm not arguing with that , what concerns me ( and clive peedell and the bma ) is that adding price competition into the mix could also allow large commercial companies to enter the nhs market and chase the most profitable contracts , using their size to undercut on price , which could ultimately damage local services . 
   you have pointed to privatisation and assumed it was a tory plot to gut the nhs and destroy socialised health . 
  show me where i have made that assumption . 
  i have n't commented even once on the governments or anyone 's motivations in this debate . 
  the closest i came was linking a scientific opinion poll * conducted by a conservative peer * that showed people viewed the tories negatively in relation to the nhs . 
   that 's the big difference between you and i ; you have assumed privatisation is a slow creep to destroying the nhs , whereas i 'm not making that assumption . 
  i am not making that assumption . 
  clive peedell bsaed his opinion that the 2012 act will lead to extensive privatization on an academic analysis of the bill . 
  the bma are expressing concerns about the effect that fragmentation caused by privatization will have on patients based on academic research and consultation with their members ( ie ; doctors ) . 
  i happen to agree with them . 
   i 'm not wedded to the ideology of the nhs , it makes no sense to be either if there are cheaper and better models available . 
  like the private rail system or private energy companies ? 
  what happened to their prices in the long term ? 
  i 'd like to see a model where any public service has been privatized and prices have gone down and stayed down over a period of 10 + years without a significant dip in service quality . 
  in its last year before privatisation , uk railways required just # 431m in public subsidy . 
  by 2006 , the figure had reached over # 6billion . 
  economists at ubs found british fares are now the most expensive in the world . 
  even philip hammond , has conceded the trains have become `` a rich man 's toy `` . 
  if the fares were in line with the french nationalised service , it is estimated uk commuters would save over # 4bn a year . 
  so where is your evidence to suggest that we wo n't face the same hikes in subsidies and prices in the health service as privatization continues ? 
   he did n't say was the nhs was being gutted by the tories - you said that , he did n't . 
  i have already explained in detail what i meant when i used the word `` gutted '' . 
  the national element is being systematically `` gutted '' ( ie removed ) from it and the organisations that represent doctors are rightly concerned . 
   it 's is a good example of how the private sector can help . 
  it 's not financially worth it for the nhs to have lots of these facilities so paying for them is the best way . '', 
  yeah as i said before , that 's not the level of privatization that concerns me and these kinds of specialist services have been untertaken by private firms on behalf of the nhs for many years . 
  i am more concerned about profit-driven companies taking over [ gp services ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families/health-news/private-sector-providers-of-gp-services-being-outperformed-by-traditional-practices-10199610.html ) or [ entire hospitals ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-cambridgeshire-35433215 ) ( the kind of `` gutting '' that i referred to ) where the results range from poor to disastrous . 
  i know that the first hospital to be handed over to circle happened under new labour and i would have no qualms at all about changing my initial statement to say `` with the nhs being systematically gutted by new labour and then the tories '' as i do believe they share a great deal of the responsibility , but the coalition definitely doubled down . 
   so you are n't for cheaper health care , which could deliver health to more poorer people because the cost of delivering it is cheaper - you are against that ? 
  if that care is also of a good standard as well as being cheap then sure but i 'm interested to know how a for-profit company can reduce costs and still provide a high quality affordable service to the public while making a profit . 
  it certainly has n't happened in any other national industry that has been privatized . 
   what academic analysis . 
  where is the data ? 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://www.bmj.com/content/342/bmj.d2996 ) you 'll need to take the free trial to read it in full . 
   that is indeed an argument against privatisation generally , but more specifically against the railways , and more specifically against total privatisation - which certainly is n't happening at the moment . 
  sometimes introducing some of the market works . 
  they introduced co-payments to the australian health service ( also nationalised though in a different way ) for people getting prescriptions and it dramatically cut costs : http://brontecapital.blogspot.co.uk/2016/07/some-thoughts-on-medicare-scare-campaign.html . 
  here they were privatising funding it must be said , rather than just services , so again not totally relevant either . 
  unfortunately ( as you 'll see from dr peedell 's analysis ) the 2012 act is pushing the sector more towards a model of privatization closer to the national rail example , albeit in piecemeal . 
  the current bidding system could theoretically lead to vast quantities of our tax-generated health budget being paid to private health care companies , just as our tax-generated transport budget currently pays vast sums in subsidies to private train companies . 
  the main difference is that private health companies can use their financial clout to undercut nhs bids on potentially lucrative contracts while choosing not to bid for unprofitable ones leaving the unprofitable work to the nhs . 
  better still , if/when they ca n't make a contract profitable they 'll just hand it back to the nhs in whatever state they decide to leave it , as with hinchingbrooke hospital . 
  i am not opposed to copayment and it has nothing to do with privatization . 
  it is entirely possible for a public programme to include copayments ( as it does in france ) and i think the example of small prescription payments in australia is a good one . 
  but that is not an example of market forces at work . 
  the copayment for prescriptions in australia was $ 2 a go , whether the drugs cost $ 2.50 to make or # 200 and most importantly that money went back in to the nationalised health system , not to the bottom line of circle or whoever . 
   and maybe that is what is happening, 
  that 's literally all i was trying to say to begin with . 
  nobody knows for sure where it 's going but peedell 's conclusions are that privatisation is an inevitable consequence of many of the policies contained in the health and social care bill 2012 . 
  the spending trend over that time period certainly seems to back him up to an extent and with us healthcare giants potentially entering the arena post-brexit i guess we 'll see but to bring it back to my original point one last time :, 
  it is this trend towards privatization that makes the nhs less of an emotional factor in a border poll . 
  if the nhs is going to be unrecognisable in 10 , 15 or even 25 years then it is n't a good enough reason to vote to remain in the union . 
  prepared for peas , ready for more . 
  did i miss something ? 
  what is this replying to ? 
  i 'll be here all week , try the fish !, 
  not with that attitude . 
  i tried that [ hart chart thing ] ( https://hartchart.com/ ) from writer duet to track a character journey through a rewrite . 
  i found it quite useful but not sure if it 's worth the money . 
  if you 're struggling with your character arcs and want help reworking them it might be worth the free trial . 
  only 15 years distance from the alleged event ... explosive . 
  harsh but fair . 
  / r/irishfilm might give you a warmer reception . 
  way to let the side down , oksar . 
  this stuff is quite popular , at least domestically . 
  let the ~ ~ drummer circlejerk ~ ~ ** drum circle ** commence !, 
  i am willing to take credit for maximum cleverness . 
  i hereby declare myself leader of the drum circle !, 
  i will take credit for that , unless it has awkward racial connotations in which case i wo n't . 
  remember kids , it 's important to stay hydrated . 
  with beer . 
  the tesla claves are definitely going to have the coolest shit . 
  nice ... 
  discovered recently my neuromancer and virtual light are missing ... obviously lent to people i tried to get in to the genre but never came back for more :(, 
   juan carlos juarez , the town 's mayor , said at the time : `` they landed on our coast to confront a supposed enemy with typical commando tactics . 
  but we managed to hold them on the beach . '', 
  ouch . 
  damnit , i was hoping to discover the phone number for douglas ' local sainsbury 's there ... 
  if the last 2 dialogue bubbles were cut this would be hilarious . 
  it 's a toss up between the superstore and the sainsbury 's local ... 
  tipper gore was your sister 's wedding dj ? 
  cargo bike guy is handsomest, 
  i do n't think he pulled that custom hurl off a shelf tbf . 
  clearly he just loves sports . 
  imperial space marines, 
  i hope someone pms you a carl fleg , you deserve it . 
  straight up flashback here . 
  had completely forgotten this book existed . 
  i think the marines were imperial fists but it had dark angels on the cover ? 
  got it from my local library when i was like 10 ... 
  i have that somewhere !, 
  it 's a novel from the 2nd ed era :, 
  http://wh40k.lexicanum.com/wiki/space_marine_ ( novel ),
