  i even had a couple of poems published . 
  although , ultimately , i would like to write longer-form drama ( tv or feature ) it can be hard to sink the necessary amount of time in to these projects when the chance of reward at the end is so slim . 
  if you have n't already , i would recommend working on some short-form work first . 
  write a short film , get together with some mates and film it ( or post the script over on / r/producemyscript ) - the first time you see your story on-screen is a feeling like nothing else and it 's one that you will work very hard to try and get again . 
  i have no set writing schedule , but one thing that does keep me motivated is hanging out with other writers - whether in real life or here on / r/screenwriting . 
  bouncing ideas back and forth , bitching about the industry , slating an awful movie we saw ... it makes the impossible dream of being a professional writer seem more real when you know you are n't in it alone . 
  then there 's the competitive element . 
  if i find out my mate has had a commission i guarantee i 'll go home and write 10 pages that night !, 
  i do n't necessarily write every day - though i probably should . 
  but not a day goes by where i do n't make notes on a project , read a blog about screenwriting , scope out the opportunities on the bbc writer 's room page or any number of other little things which hopefully make my writing better when i do write . 
  good luck man - you 're obviously no slouch if you 've managed to write half a feature !, 
  where the fuck was this last year when i was working on the first series of monumental !? 
  when i was a kid , if you said `` atheist '' you just got a kicking - no further questions required . 
  i did a bit of work with these guys a couple of months ago :, 
  they really know their shit when it comes to cycle touring and will organise a kick ass trip for you if you do n't mind paying for it . 
  same for me and my regular collaborator . 
  i think it started as a joke based on the above sketch but we found that it actually works for us ... 
  dunno why this is getting downvoted ... surely it 's actually more relevant now than it when it was published back in june ? 
  i would agree . 
  do n't forget to get some rubber glass to replace the real glass with if any of your artists have to interact with the `` broken '' glass . 
  it looks class at night . 
  the socks are on the wrong feet and the feet are crossed, 
  wonder what the reaction would be if they moved the airport to west belfast ... 
  it 's been there from at least friday, 
  maybe it was n't operational but it was definitely there and it had stock in it ... 
  `` mr boyd was said to have been drunk and wearing four jumpers when arrested . '', 
  read this a few years ago - great concept , worth a read . 
  i recently made a tv show about cycling and we spent the day with a women only cycling club . 
  the founder told us that she had been put off joining a mixed club because she felt that the culture was quite macho , full of jargon etc. 
  when the men go out , even on a sunday run there is an element of competitiveness where as when the women go out they 're mostly just doing it for fun . 
  so maybe there are other elements of cycling culture beyond safety which are putting women off . 
  i work in the tv industry in ireland and the uk ( i 'm based in ni ), 
  primarily i work in production , as a researcher / assistant producer . 
  i 've recently produced my first funded short film ( which i wrote ) and also pick up writing gigs on some of the shows i work on , as well as some online/corporate writing work for a company in dublin . 
  it 's 99.9 % done . 
  just a couple of audio tweaks needed really . 
  it 's currently being entered in to festivals . 
  if you 're interested in seeing it , i can pm you a private link as long as you do n't mind keeping it to yourself and giving some feedback . 
  it 's a 13 minute female-led contemporary sci-fi . 
  i would be tempted to take a jaunt across the water for the grand depart , but then the grand partenza will be passing by the top of my street in may ... 
  when i lived in aus i had a terrible bso from kmart of all places , but despite that i found the cycling infrastructure around the city ( perth ) quite decent . 
  if you 're just starting out , find a nice cycle path and ride the hell out of it - get used to your bike and follow the rules of the road if/when the path meets the road . 
  being irish , i found the heat brutal and i often forgot to take extra water , reapply sunscreen etc but if you 're used to life down under then just use your common sense re : the sun . 
  christmas shopping often makes me want to set myself on fire , too . 
  we shot in and around belfast city centre and queens university . 
  full disclosure : i wrote this . 
  only caught the end of this but looked like a total car crash . 
  the record must have gone on for hours - phil looked like he wanted to stab johny by the end . 
  i spose that 's the buzzcocks style though . 
  op called it with irl v nz, 
  same thing happened to me a few years back . 
  just replace `` guest bedroom '' with `` living room full of people '' and `` closet '' with `` tv '' ... 
  bbc radio 2 ftw, 
  the bushmills 10 y/o is a fav of mine, 
  if we can keep the bbc and the nhs then i would probably vote yes, 
  well as long as i can keep working for the bbc ( without moving to britain ) then i would probably vote yes, 
  i 'm 27 and i work freelance in the local media . 
  i 've done all sorts of jobs from props to script editing , research , camera , writing ... 
  i love it but the work is n't always steady . 
  that said bbcni and ni screen have been extremely supportive with training schemes etc and this time last year my girlfriend and i were able to buy our own house ... 6 months of renovation later we even managed to move in !, 
  i 'm between gigs right now but looking forward to 2014 !, 
  try / r/northernireland and maybe / r/ukbike too, 
  dont forget the pm and pc who have to implement most of it !, 
  i 'm on mobile right now so cant really do a big reply . 
  if you have a look back through my comment history you 'll see some advice ive given to similar queries in the past . 
  also try / r/northernireland it is a bit more active, 
  i had to go back quite far in my comment history to find this so thought i should copy and paste it for you here :, 
  i would 100 % second the bike tour from belfast city bike tours . 
  there is also a good titanic boat tour which leaves from donegall quay . 
  it really depends what you are in to ... if you like a little bit of light hiking you can walk up cave hill , just 3 miles north of the city centre which gives amazing views of northern ireland ( and beyond ! ), 
  on a clear day . 
  if you get an antrim road bus and ask the driver to let you know when you get to belfast castle ( also worth a look ) then you ca n't miss it . 
  if you want to see traditional old irish pubs , the three pubs in the city which lay claim to being the oldest are white 's tavern , kelly 's cellar and mchughes . 
  all are worth a look . 
  my favourite city centre pub is probably the john hewitt , and if you want to try some great local craft beers etc you ca n't go wrong . 
  the pub is run by a charity and has a memorial to the irishmen who fought in the international brigades in the spanish civil war . 
  a very interesting place . 
  for food ( again , presuming you want places in/near the city centre ) you should check out the mourne seafood bar ( beside kelly 's cellar ) but the food is also decent in the 3 pubs mentioned . 
  if you want to know more about the political history of belfast then a black taxi tour is probably the best thing to do . 
  they will take you to areas that would n't necessarily be 100 % safe for you to just rock up to by yourselves . 
  did anyone ask the republic if they wanted it ? 
  get in touch with your local film board ( mine is northern ireland screen for example ) they need readers too and the competition may not be as fierce as at the big london agencies . 
  you should still be able to get # 50 a script and the experience will be invaluable for your cv . 
  if they arent currently looking for readers they should at least be able to offer some advice re : other local production companies etc to approach . 
  script reading , or any development gig really , can get a bit ... sisyphian in my experience . 
  i would also recommend looking for some production work as it can be nice to actually see a project through from start to end , make some contacts and have a wrap party ... things that you dont really get from sitting at home writing script reports . 
  finally if you have a ba , an ma and some experience in reading already then you should be charging money for your services . 
  do n't get the piss taken out of you by companies offering internships with no pay . 
  good luck !, 
  i got all 4 of my copies with those covers back when i was in grammar school - think the only one i have left is burning chrone . 
  beautiful covers , wish i still had them ... 
  google says that `` this option is not available to most users '' . 
  you could be in a spot of bother now if you have one contract in which youve agreed to deliver a youtube video to your client but agreed to region lock it with your music licensor ... 
  liked it . 
  very david nichollsy . 
  reminded me a lot of one of my favourite old british movies , brief encounter . 
  anyone else get that vibe ? 
  reminds me a bit of [ this ] ( http://trinitycomicshop.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/superman-red-son-propaganda-cover-dc-comics-elseworlds-trinity-comics-review.jpg ), 
  awesome - red son batman and green lantern were just as , if not more , interesting than superman i always thought . 
  good luck with the script !,
