  i agree with the headline - i do n't think there 's any kind of organized culture war going on but not because seamus heaney or john major or whoever happened to comment that they do n't think the union is going anywhere . 
  the security of the union and the perceived erosion of unionist culture are two different things . 
  i 'm sure martin `` mcguinnes '' [ sic ] will be surprised to learn that he `` has fully embraced britain and british culture '' as well . 
  shoddy journalism 2/10 would not recommend . 
  paragraph three : do n't get steaming and tell everyone you 're a provo . 
  *** paragraph three of a 10,000 word document . 
  no wonder we still live under the heel of british oppression [ / sarcasm ], 
   `` this is an arterial route that the twelfth parade goes along . 
  restaurants make money out of that . 
  do they fuck :, 
   visit belfast received complaints from tourists who talked of `` an intimidatory atmosphere '' and `` louts roaming around drunk . '', 
   the [ belfast city centre management ] report said that , based on their 2013 experience , 65 % of businesses would potentially not open next 12 july , something described as `` frankly disappointing . '', 
  sinn fein getting more votes does n't mean an end to unionist culture , just as dup getting the most votes currently does n't mean an end to nationalist culture . 
  my point is that `` the union as a political entity is n't under attack '' and `` unionist culture is n't under attack '' are two different porpositions . 
  the headline implies the latter , while the article itself argues the former . 
  the thesis is also weak ; out of context quotes from famous faces do not an arguement make and the assumptions he makes about what mcguinness has or has not embraced are pure conjecture . 
  to be accurate , as you suggest he is , he needs to back his argument up with citations and facts . 
  i believe the union is pretty secure , but if i did n't then this piece of shitty journalism would do nothing to convince me . 
  you 're right of course , it just seems like we ca n't go a week without someone important jumping ship ... 
  the blind person thinks they 're in line for metallica tickets . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm still reading this shite but here 's my favourite bit so far :, 
   many figures of speech have been used to describe guerrilla warfare , one of the most apt being ` the war of the flea ' which conjured up the image of a flea harrying a creature of by comparison elephantine size into fleeing ( forgive the pun ) . 
  it 's a manual explaining how to kill people and why it 's okay but by all means * forgive the pun * . 
  it 's not even a good pun ... 
  what 's funny about it is that paragraph 2 is basically `` loose lips sink ships '' and paragraph 3 is `` drunk ass lips sink all the ships '' . 
  yeah what most people do n't realise is that they were basically calling for the over throw of the southern government as well !, 
  there 's a morbid honesty to the simplistic nature of loyalist paramilitary violence , born as it is out of a siege mentality and criminal opportunism . 
  what 's appalling about this document is its weird child-like prose , urging people to kill `` brits '' and casually labelling people whose families have lived here for over 400 years simply as '' imperialist collaborators '' - what they plan to do with these people in their socialist utopia is anybody 's guess ... 
  what 's terrifying about it is the unrealistic , unachievable military goal of the complete overthrow of the 2 governments north and south of the border . 
  if this document was followed to the letter by a significant number of people then the entire island would be mired in civil war indefinitely . 
  they just like to feel the bass . . ? 
  ** breaking news : ** unionist pram no longer visible due to mountain of toys that have been thrown out . 
  hi rob et al , ca n't believe it 's been over 10 years since i first joined the machinae supremacy forums - eventually becoming a moderator ( visionthing / outboundlight was my handle ), 
  thanks again for all the great music , any special memories from those early days ? 
  even if it was n't , there 's a good chance that the pub is older than the usa - the pilgrims were n't leaving to found an independent nation ( which is what all the fuss was about yesterday ) they went and founded a colony . 
  if a 56cm frame is a good fit for you then for an extra fifty quid you can get a kona honky tonk . 
  a half decent road bike with all the clearance and mounts for mudguards and racks . 
  it 's a chromoly rather than aluminium though if you 're worried about weight , tho some would argue that the durability of chromoly is preferable for a commuter . 
  ah yeah that might be an issue . 
  chain reaction are a very well established and respected retailer tho so maybe you could talk them round if you promise to get it assembled by your lbs ? 
  or come to belfast and pick it up from their showroom , 
  it 's a commuter bike so i woudnt call it sacrilage - lots of people commute on flat pedals . 
  i use spds for commuting myself and love them !, 
  should i stay and i fought the law are both simple and really fun !, 
  theres a shop called trading post on hope st that runs games and a boardgame cafe on stranmillis . 
  weeeeeeeell - technically it 's illegal for them to discriminate on grounds of race , religion , sexuality etc as far as i know ... what if they refused to make a cake for an african couple ? 
  exactly - the reason they do n't want to make the cake is because it shows support for equal marriage so think it would qualify as discrimination . 
  the example that rings a bell is the b&b s that were n't willing to give double rooms to single sex couples . 
  they were willing to give single or twin rooms ( ie ; still serve the customer ) but it was ( rightly , in my eyes ) ruled as discriminatory . 
  if it was a mixed gender couple on the cake they would have made it - that 's what makes it discriminatory - no ? 
  it got me thinking about the b&b s that were n't willing to give double rooms to single sex couples . 
  they were willing to give single or twin rooms ( ie ; still serve the customer just not the specific product or service they requested , as is happening here ) but it was ( rightly , in my eyes ) ruled as illegal . 
  ultimately , as you say , you can vote with your wallet in these instances but it 's troubling to me that we have to rely on the free market on issues of equality . 
  the only part of the uk where gay marriage is still illegal ... depressing yes , shocking ; no ... 
  i think it 's dangerous to suggest that there is no value in legislation that bans discriminatory business practices . 
  christian fundamentalists are a very powerful force in ni , it 's not enough to rely on the free market when it comes to issues of equality . 
  i guess it partly comes down to whether they would make the cake if it just had a single sex couple on it without the explicit slogan in favour of gay marriage . 
  i guess it 's hard to argue that it should be illegal for them not to print a message in favour of gay marriage when the law of the land currently does n't even allow it ... 
  i 've never been able to bring myself to watch this game . 
  i was on my way home from a stag do in donegal , listening to it on the radio . 
  when it was all over , we pulled in to a petrol station and just sort of sat there in silence for a minute . 
  i went in to the shop but do n't even think i bought anything - just did a lap in a daze then walked back outside ... 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00b8qjq ), 
  i pre-ordered the collector 's edition of colonial marines ( ha ha , i know ) and swore never again but this looks sweet ... 
  i know theres a few shimano ct40 wearers on here , myself included . 
  great shoe and comfy for working on your feet too . 
  a little clicky on uneven surfaces is maybe the only thing !, 
  those lads who hang both scot soltaires and union flags from their lamp-posts are going to have some tough decisions to make ... 
  if you 're getting off on it and the other party has n't given consent ( bonus : they were kids ' feet so consent ca n't be given anyway ) then yes . 
  the spelling police are always welcome in my threads !, 
  it was on bbc2 recently in the uk . 
  great series . 
  [ soviet union ? 
  i thought you guys broke up . 
  if your show is eventually bought by a broadcaster / distributor your writers may be entitled to / expecting a cut of that . 
  probably a one-off flat fee , a percentage of the total sale . 
  photo courtesy of justin kernoghan . 
  it 's an ulster protestant / unionist celebration , nothing to do with the english . 
  looks like cave hill to me , yeah . 
  art dept working away in the background like it aint no thang , 
  not really . 
  as long as you are n't a dick about it then i 'd say you fall in to the `` non-bigot '' category . 
  how i interpret it ( and i should say that i did n't make it ) is that, 
  a ) there are far more non-bigots in ni than bigots from both sides . 
  b ) the distinction between bigots and non-bigots is more important than the distinction between catholics and protestants in modern ni . 
  i can imagine all this language being used by a us marine when referring to , say , a thai lady-boy ... 
  how do we feel about the colonial marine technical manual ? 
  it has some interesting insights :, 
  the marines of 1st platoon , bravo company , 2/7 colonial marines find the story of an alien species that could wipe out a platoon of marines so ridiculous that anyone who believes it might be worthy of a section 8 ( dismissal due to poor mental health ), 
  pfc matt ` superspunk ' hanna , 2nd colonial marine brigade talks about using the incinerator rifle to tackle `` critters '' . 
  which perhaps implies the existence of unintelligent life ... 
  he also talks about `` bugboy '' snipers targeting marines with incinerators . 
  bugboys get a few mentions in the book and definitely seem to be an irregular ( although human ) force of some kind . 
  perhaps these are the guys they 're hunting on their `` bug hunts '' ? 
  colonel joe kerwin , 2/8 colonial marines criticizes the us government for `` piss [ ing ] away our forces on ua sanctioned police duties and pest control . '', 
  - whether the pests are human are not is unclear , but seeing as dealing with them somehow differs from a police action , i imagine not . 
  cpl lalla hirsh , uscm , in her telling of the lv-426 incident talks of `` big bugs - bigger an ' meaner than anything you ever seen '' . 
  implying that marines may have seen smaller , less mean bugs elsewhere ... 
  l/cpl leanne franson , uscm : `` nearly ever world i 've landed on , some dumb schmuck has introduced rabbits into the local ecology ; and it does n't matter how vicious the alien predators are ... '' again suggesting the existence of non-intelligent alien life . 
  no mention of arcturians though ...
