  things like spare tubes , tyre levers a mini pump etc can all be got from decathlon fairly cheap . 
  btwin stuff is generally cheap and of usable quality . 
  realistically you need both . 
  a prose treatment ( like [ this ] ( http://www.movieoutline.com/articles/sample-movie-treatment-example-story-synopsis-for-a-film-script.html ) ) and at the very least a sample of your actual scrip to prove that you can write one . 
  directors may not buy your script , but it wont hurt to have a good director attached if you plan to shop a script around . 
  if your trainee ads / floor runners are n't delivering hard copy call sheets by hand then you 're doing it wrong . 
  yeah . 
  if it is n't still common practice to mail hard copies to cast and crew who are n't on set then it should be . 
  the experience you are looking for in china almost perfectly describes the experience i had as a tefl teacher in harbin . 
  go for it !, 
  sometimes i miss my art dept days ... 
  nice rhyme !, 
  hope you get your bike back . 
  with the custom components it should be easy to spot if it turns up on gumtree . 
  maybe repost this to / r/northernireland for some more exposure . 
  good luck !, 
  yeah the saddle is just the stock saddle with a gel comfort cover on it . 
  if the conversion goes well and i start putting serious miles on it i think i 'll upgrade to a brooks . 
  there 's a cycle path near me which runs alongside the m2 and m5 in belfast , separated from the motorways by a hedge . 
  its not the prettiest cycle path in the world but it beats cycling on the hard shoulder ... 
  i knew the hardcore commuters would be on you like a pigeon on a chip for stopping in the winter . 
  is the plan on track or are the women on the track . . ? 
  my day job is in tv making mostly documentary programmes . 
  i 'm in work right now but i 'll get back to you later today with some thoughts . 
  edit : ok , lunch time so here 's some thoughts . 
  in almost every country you have the right to film on the public highway as long as you do not cause an obstruction . 
  it is worth letting your lcoal council and/or police know in advance what you are up to so that if/when members of the public call them to find out what is going on they wont need to come out and investigate , which will disrupt your shoot . 
  i 'm going to contradict some of the advice given here already so you will need to weight up the pros and cons yourself ... 
  as mentioned , dslrs are tough for beginners to use and the lack of autofocus in particular make them difficult to use in a producer/director context . 
  by which i mean it can be difficult to pay the necessary attention to the camera and the subject at the same time . 
  something like a canon xf305 is broadcast quality and can be much more forgiving . 
  get a shotgun mike for it if you can - atmos and actuality sound can play a large role in documentary . 
  also , if you are planning to do most of your interviews outside , a wired lav might be inconvenient , especially if your subjects are standing or moving around . 
  the more natural your interviews feel for the subject the better and an awkward wire tethering them to the camera / sound recordist wont help . 
  in terms of lighting , for outside interviews the most you will need is a bounce ( and a person to hold it ) but only use this if and when necessary , for the reasons mentioned above . 
  nothing puts off a subject like a camera assistant invading their personal space holding a gigantic white disc . 
  something you need to think about is what narrative style your film will be . 
  will you , the interviewer , be a part of the story ( ie will the audience hear you ask the questions and/or see you in vision ) or is your story told entirely by the subjects ? 
  this will effect the equipment and crew that you will need . 
  do n't forget to shoot lots of cutaways for every interview . 
  hold each shot for at least 5 seconds . 
  cut aways are the needle and thread of interviews . 
  be creative with your cutaways though - try to avoid shots of subjects hands and shots of interviewer nodding . 
  when interviewing subjects , talk as little as possible . 
  ask open ended questions . 
  try and avoid natural responses like `` yeah '' `` uh huh '' `` ok '' just nod silently and smile to keep them talking . 
  as much as possible , encourage them to include the question in their answer eg :, 
  q : what did you do in june 1944 ? 
  a : in june 1944 i landed on the beaches of normandy . 
  do n't be afraid to ask a question again if you have to . 
  you 'll kick yourself in the edit if you do n't . 
  if you plan to use voice over , make sure you shoot a lot of gvs . 
  try and get creative with these as well . 
  and finally ... watch a lot of documentaries . 
  keep an eye out for docs that are similar in tone to what you want to achieve and study how they do everything i mentioned above . 
  good luck with it !, 
  - pm me if you want any more advice . 
  yes sorry - to be clear by `` public highway '' i do n't mean literal highways , i mean any streets and parks etc that you are allowed to access as a non-film making member of the public . 
  so here in the uk it is illegal to walk along the side of the motorway , so it would also be illegal ( not to mention impractical ) for a camera crew to film an interview there . 
  hey , no problem . 
  i think it would depend very much on which consumer cam you decide to go for . 
  you could always use something fool-proof to shoot your interview and a dslr to shoot stylized cutaways and gvs ... just a thought . 
  at least i would , if i could remember what it looks like . 
  what about this one from a couple of weeks ago :, 
  wow i used to live here - thank god it never got that bad . 
  funnily enough i was filming a tv show about cycling in the north of ireland while you were on your tour - i was dreading 2 weeks of outdoor shooting in late september but i ca n't believe how lucky we were with the weather !!, 
  looks like you had a blast , anyway !, 
  from north belfast ( on the west side of the lough ) to holywood ( on the east ) - 12km each way , 21m elevation there , 40m on the way back according to strava . 
  i 'd love to know how this compares to the scottish assembly / welsh assembly / westminister / london assembly etc. 
  can i not get this on virgin media or am i jsut reading it wrong ? 
  i find cycling in the rain a lot better than walking in the rain or worst of all waiting for a bus in the rain but i can see how the weather would put people off . 
  we get the hardcopy of this delivered to our office :, 
  maybe i should start reading it then ... 
  i also follow @theunitlist on twitter for job news and my local film board ( in my case it 's northern ireland screen ) are quite good for industry news , jobs etc. 
  if you 're uk based and looking for writing opportunities , the bbc writers room website is gold :, 
  panel shows , or any tv shows , cost a lot of money to produce . 
  we do n't just put a gaggle of comedians and celebs in front of a live audience and hope for the best . 
  content is prepared in advance because money and careers ride on the show not being shit . 
  stand-up comedy is almost always written and prepared in advance , whether it 's delivered on stage or on a panel show . 
  i 've been working on panel shows for a couple of years now and they certainly are a weird beast . 
  i can see how the sort of fabricated spontaneity might not sit well with everyone but i think if you can accept that stand-up routines are prepared in advance then the same should go for panel shows . 
  also , to be fair , i 've seen a lot of great material come out of nowhere on the night that has been as funny or funnier as the stuff that was prepared . 
  you called ? 
  i 'm glad you find our pain and suffering so `` cool '' . 
  this . 
  a thousand times this . 
  i thought at least that the fonacab smartphone app would make things easier but it never works during the 1.30 - 3.00 rush . 
  belfast can be such a backward ass place when it comes to nightlife . 
  i see where you 're going with this . 
  my argument ( in a nutshell since i 'm on my lunch ) is that any god that has zero impact on our ( physical ) world is pretty much irrelevant to us . 
  yes , he can give us spiritual or moral guidance but we can do that for each other . 
  `` god '' might say that homosexuality is wrong , but i 'm 100 % sure that that is n't the case so god 's opinion is irrelevant to me in this instance . 
  also , most religions do claim that god has had some kind of physical impact on our world . 
  whether acting through a third party to write a book , or curing some lepers or straight up flooding the entire earth because he got upset . 
  these are the things that we can use logic to disprove . 
  whether a particular theist 's belief hinges on these events actually happening or not is a different story . 
  true enough . 
  if god exists entirely outside our space and time than who cares what he is/does/thinks . 
  in other news , the human race was doomed to extinction today when the robot revolt turned violent, 
  there 's a 76 year old guy here in belfast who just rode a 25 mile tt in 72 mins,
