my favourite movie would n't exist if batman was the protagonist . 
  ( the movie is aliens . 
  if ripley was batman alien would have ended very differently ... ), 
  glad to hear gerard way has decided to stop being a stupid rock star and is getting back to what he does best : writing umbrella academy . 
  this verse is the cheat code for any kid who wants to get out of going to church . 
  i work in tv so ... cannon fodder ? 
  edit : wait they did n't have cannons either . 
  arrow fodder ? 
  white european people in my country often complain about these other , poorer , white europeans who come from a different country and talk funny . 
  their country was oppressed by invading forces for hundreds of years so they 've travelled to other countries to look for a better life . 
  they come to our country and take our jerbs !, 
  this is the irish complaining about the polish . 
  * facepalm *, 
  i was the life model for an art class . 
  laze around on some cushions for # 25 p/h . 
  after the first 2 seconds everyone has already seen everything they 're going to see . 
  though i really do mean everything ... 
  ma retirement grease !, 
  brightness and contrast settings for adobe premiere pro cs6 ... 
  i would dump them for something cooler but cant be arsed making them again . 
  the one thing i know is that seo experts usually charge money for that kind of information ... 
  ( ps : not an seo expert ! ), 
  sentence fragment !, 
  ( spoiler : ` sentence fragment ' is a sentence fragment ! ), 
  irish : still pretty drunk . 
  my boss made me take a pregnancy test ( i am a dude ) . 
  i work in film and tv and sometimes i do props - we needed a used pregnancy test for a scene and my ( female ) propsmaster would n't do it because , in her words `` if it turns out i 'm pregnant i ca n't deal with that right now . '', 
  so this actress had to handle a stick that i peed on . 
  ( it was n't anyone super famous but a very talented and nice lady none the less ), 
  i always try to remember the lyrics to this version when i 'm drunk but never got around to looking it up ... thanks reddit !, 
  this is the answer : go to a fast food place , surely ? 
  singing and/or dancing . 
  i can spit rhymes like a pro , though . 
  wtf your apartment in china is like a billion times nicer than mine when i lived there ... 
  ( also your cat is nice or whatever ), 
  the way rick tells it ... 
  edit : beaten to it , i see . 
  i dunno how many times i 've heard someone sitting in front of a computer say `` oh i need a calculator '', 
  guess what ? 
  that 's a # 500 calculator sitting on your fucking lap there , son . 
  hit start type calc hit enter . 
  done . 
  ( win7 ), 
  edit : then use the numpad like an actual fucking calculator !, 
  i had an interesting experience on the train out of holland once ... 
  my friends and i got on the train at maastricht bound for ( i think ) luxembourg and this gang of crusties got on and sat a few seats in front of us . 
  a few minutes after that , the cops get on with their sniffer dogs to check for drugs leaving the country and of course when the dog gets to the crusties he sits his ass down . 
  now i had heard that when a sniffer dog sits down it means it has hit the jackpot . 
  i had never actually seen it happen before so before the cop had even taken any action i sort of let out this little laugh of surprise . 
  before he started hustling the crusties off the train the cop gave me the dirtiest look . 
  i guess he figured the only way i could know about the dog thing was if it had happened to me before ( it had n't ), 
  so he came back on the train with the dog , he walked passed me and nothing happened . 
  he brought the dog back . 
  nothing . 
  he made me get up , got the dog to sniff all around me , got me bag , made the dog sniff that . 
  opened the bag , made the dog sniff inside - nothing . 
  all the while he 's giving me the evil eye , like he 's expecting me to break and just offer up the drugs . 
  sorry mate , but i grew up with the ruc and the british army - it 's going to take more than the stink eye from a fat belgian to ruin my day . 
  google play music ( or any cloud music player ) is probably my most used . 
  it gives me access to my entire music collection no matter what pc i 'm on ( i hot desk a lot and work from various offices ) . 
  this works so well because chrome can be installed without admin privileges - god bless google for that !, 
  i also find wonderlist very useful . 
  it 's a simple to do list but it 's a good idea to open it up and have a list going every time you open your browser , that way you remember what you actually came online to do instead of spending hours browsing reddit ... 
  ... shit . 
  ( oh and adblocker goes without saying ), 
  is that the real ira or the continuity ira ? 
  ( never gets old ... ), 
  every, 
  single, 
  thing, 
  `` our women must wear burkhas or face unsavoury objectification ! '', 
  way to prove the assholes right , asshole . 
  some people in my industry refer to you ( ie ; people not in my industry ) as muggles . 
  no prizes for guessing which up-itself industry this is . 
  ( note : i do not do this . ), 
  i work in production now - used to work in props . 
  1 ) do n't take everything you learn in common sense 101 at face value . 
  1a ) do n't think that you will learn 100 % of the common sense you need from common sense 101, 
  1b ) learn how to fucking number lists properly . 
  damnit i just tried to post this . 
  yeah i 'm not condoning this per se but when i heard she had died my first thought was `` whoever runs that website must be psyched ! '', 
  she certainly did institute policies that were detrimental to the working class throughout the uk , but where i live her policies also resulted in actual people actually dying so yes , celebrating her death is in poor taste but not necessarily the gigantic over reaction you might imagine . 
  `` her irish policy failed miserably . '', 
  to be fair the ira 's margaret thatcher policy ( ie ; assassination ) also failed miserably . 
  perhaps the ira timed a stroke decades in advance and they got the better of her once and for all !, 
  or stay and help your country out of one the darkest economic periods it has ever faced ( and that is really saying something ), 
  but whatevs ... 
  i come from the uk and i lived in `` socialist '' china for a while . 
  i was surprised to find out that when my flatmate bust his foot open he would have to pay to go the doctor . 
  not as surprised as he was , but still . 
  pretty much everything on s&m by metallica :, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%26m_ ( album ), 
  just discovered the whole thing on youtube , there goes my evening :, 
  a friend of mine had a lighter pop in his hand trying to open a beer with it . 
  yeah , it 's taken me this long to admit to it in public . 
  i am a huge aliens nerd so i had high hopes for the game . 
  i bought the colonial marines technical manual off ebay when i was 17 ... 
  ( it was quite rare back then but has since been reprinted ), 
  channel 4 are actually the worst offenders for this kind of shit . 
  t4 is basically two tube except that it seems to last all fucking sunday .
