  good . 
  i used to have a keyboard not dissimilar to this ( no turbo , alas ) would often result in, 
  me : delete that shit !, 
  * tries to hit delete , misses , hits power button *, 
  pc : delete everything ? 
  yes sir !, 
  * shuts down *, 
  i hope for the sake of humanity that this is trolling . 
  it 's a legitimate question that a lot of people have , which is answered in the * very first line * of the wikipedia entry on muslims . 
  posting something online as inflammatory as `` why followers seem to want to kill americans ... yet why there are so many here in the u.s. ? 
  i do n't get it !!! '', 
  right after a terrorist attack on america is at the very best , irresponsible . 
  as i mentioned above , your first question is answered on the very first line of the wiki entry for muslim :, 
  * a muslim , also spelled moslem , [ 1 ] is an adherent of islam , a monotheistic abrahamic religion based on the qur ` an *, 
  also , a very quick look at wikipedia reveals that there are 1.6 billion muslims in the world . 
  if they all wanted you dead - you would be . 
  so that 's a dangerous assumption to go throwing around the internet days after a terrorist attack . 
  there are muslim extremists ( sometimes called islamists - which i appreciate might be confusing ) in the same way that there are extremists in all religions but their reasons for `` hating '' america are complex and could probably be described more as political than religious , and generally revolve around american support for israel and the american military presence in saudi arabia . 
  as a general rule , extremism of this nature spreads quickly in countries where there are fewer economic opportunities and young men turn to paramilitary organisations such as the taliban or al qaeda for a sense of purpose and potential financial reward . 
  in specific relation to the chechen 's who are suspected of bombing the boston marathon , their political motivation is ( to me ) potentially less clear , though it is possible that they are trying to advance a political agenda that is aligned with the more arab-centric agenda of groups like al qaeda . 
  so maybe that 's helpful , maybe not but i would reiterate my original point - if you go around making wild value judgements about 1.6 billion people on the most public forum on earth ( the internet ) days after followers of that religion are accused of a terrorist attack on the worlds only super-power without even reading the first line on wikipedia about those people , then you are , at best , not thinking about the consequences of your actions and at worst , wilfully ignorant . 
  which is why i sort of hoped it was trolling . 
  edit : to specifically answer your question `` why would you say that ? 
  '' : i grew up in a society destroyed by terrorism and military occupation over a so called `` religious '' conflict and to see people throw around wild assumptions about an entire religious/ethnic group really pisses me off as a result . 
  when i lived in china i used to see this cartoon on the tv on the bus sometimes ... as far as i could tell it was a family sitcom similar to the simpsons ; the main difference being that * all the characters were snails * . 
  i tried to google it a number of times in country and when i got home but always came up dry . 
  i miss you , snailsons ... 
  this headline in 1775 : france pledges 1 million pounds of gunpowder to american terrorists, 
  a dead bus !, 
  this video is private ... 
  almost certainly just phishing links to get your qq and/or email details . 
  i never signed up for qq when i was over there partly because i had heard it was spamtacular . 
  for the second time in almost as many days , i hope for the sake of humanity that this is trolling . 
  this drives me fucking nuts . 
  how come ? 
  bass is english ... 
  ah yes of course . 
  ah yes , quite right . 
  ca n't believe how massive this is ... 
  i heard one of the guys from the video on radio 2 this afternoon !!, 
  personally , i trust it more . 
  just wait till the new churchill fiver shows up to frown those astronauts in to insignificance :, 
  calm down - still plenty of time left in the reddit ( re : american ) time-zones . 
  if anyone comes across any good chinese hip-hop , let me know !, 
  here 's one , maybe a bit steep but not as steep as a new one :, 
  or a more official looking red and white one ( with collar ), 
  luckily there was only like 6 other people there . 
  on a side note , it depresses me how many of those echr rulings relate specifically to ni ... 
  let 's allow james may ( from top gear etc ) to answer this one :, 
  i visited one of their old bases in harbin , china . 
  left me very shaken and disturbed . 
  people are more plentiful than classic cars . 
  for big productions , the design team might even fully restore or replicate classic vehicles from scratch but this is time consuming , labor intensive and expensive as hell . 
  looks like that 's what they did for the first captain america movie , and then auctioned off the results :, 
  this , for some reason :, 
  they had a decent amount of info in ( typical chinese style ) english but it was by no means comprehensive . 
  my friend and i went without a guide and i think we both learned about as much as we 'd ever really want to about stuff like that ... 
  there 's a club in harbin where you get free vodka , beer and popcorn just for turning up and being white . 
  well if they 're blaming high rents and the recession there must be some worries over profitability ? 
  nobody ever has to look for a parking space ... 
  ghostbuster . 
  sometimes my cousins ( all much older than me ) still ask me if i want to be a ghostbuster when i grow up ... 
  i 'm 27 . 
  i had a little folding bike that i paid 200 kuai for . 
  the left pedal arm fell off on my way to work one day . 
  i had to walk it the whole way home from the school i taught at so when i got home i could n't be arsed carting it up the stairs in my apartment block so i left it at the bottom . 
  next day it was gone . 
  i foresee an exciting thread where most posts will read :, 
  sometimes . 
  you may borrow my old one : pantsman & the trouser police . 
  the logo is a pair of pants with a blue police light over it . 
  fucking hell if you 're in college just go for it . 
  if it works out : great . 
  if it does n't then you 'll learn stuff from it and it might make you a better person . 
  something tells me god is ' t feeling too beat up about this . 
  from the outside ( europe ) looking in , and having known a lot of folk who have gone to college in the states , i think the reason academic failure at college in the states is treated more harshly is because of how much money it costs . 
  the responses to this thread alone make that obvious . 
  i ca n't imagine how terrifying it must be to try your hardest and fail anyway - costing your parents their life savings and/or saddling yourself with a ridiculous amount of debt . 
  my advice ? 
  do n't go to college until you know for sure what you want to do with your life . 
  if you have to put it off for a few years , work some shitty jobs , do some travlling , join the navy - whatever . 
  there 's no point pissing that kind of cash up the wall for no reason . 
  this might be hard for your dad to accept but if the alternative is wasting his money on a college education that you might not even need then he 'll get over it . 
  and whether your at college or not - get a fucking job . 
  ( apologies if you have one ... ), 
  that 's a good attitude . 
  it 's worth bearing in mind that you do n't necessarily have to go to college to be `` successful '' either . 
  everything fine in china . 
  you shut up now . 
  on second thoughts , maybe he is upset . 
  afterall , nobody ever put a picture of god on their coinage ( and darwin did steal his old man , big beard look ... ), 
  good guy richard branson : owns his own tropical island so he can get high whenever he wants ... still tries to help out us little guys . 
  iirc your local holiday inn / international hotel chain may be able to help you out . 
  `` i think mothers and fathers made up the gods because they were shit fucking scared of all the zombies , dragons and demon babies . '', 
  so what , make all addictive substances illegal ? 
  that 's worked out well in the past ... 
  the gin act stopped unlicensed vendors from selling gin and normalised how it was taxed . 
  this created an industry which could be more easily regulated by the government . 
  i could see that working for other , currently illegal , substances . 
  i think sir rich is right in saying that we should spend money on treatment and rehab instead of locking up drug users whether the substances themselves remain illegal or not .
