  the director came back with an animatic that was quite close to this story and between him , me , the composers ( who commissioned the piece ) and the artist we hacked it down to something that was achievable . 
  anyway i hope that helps . 
  i really enjoyed this process and it was very different from live action shorts i 've done , where i 've generally written to the rodriguez rule of i know i can get x , y and z so here 's a film about x looking for y but finding z along the way . 
  captain boomboxerang, 
  this is a cool opening with some awesome imagery that immediately piques my curiosity . 
  here 's what i would do to make it a bit more readable ( just my 2c of course ), 
   fade in :, 
  personal preference , but this always feels extraneous to me . 
  it rarely survives to the production draft in my experience . 
   from a man 's p.o.v, 
  there is no way to tell from someone 's pov that they are a man . 
  introduce the man at the top of the next line , using the description you give below ( late twenties , strong etc ) and just pick a number for late twenties . 
  you just saved 11 characters . 
  describe the character the first time we see them . 
   with his natural set smile the man nods once . 
  so we can see his face now ? 
  unless it 's important that his identity is hidden at this point or this guy never appears again after this scene , i would strongly recommend naming the character from the first time he can be clearly identified . 
   a beat . 
  a beat should always get it 's own line . 
  it 's a pacing thing both in terms of how it is read and how it will be shot . 
   ( and ), 
  this feels like a weird parenthetical . 
  are you implying a beat ? 
  i would consider revisiting this for clarity . 
   the man places a palm on the sphere 's side to comfort it . 
  this feels like clunky action . 
  this guy is lying on the ground , there 's a sphere the size of his hand floating above him ( all good so far ) but then if he puts his hand up to touch it ... 
  i do n't think that will be interpreted as a comforting gesture ? 
  something to think about anyway ... 
   somewhere in the peaceful lifeless field, 
  use proper scene headings for new scenes . 
  hope that helps !, 
  it 's a clusterfuck in ni too ( though i appreciate that this is / r/britishproblems and not / r/ukproblems ), 
  the passport reads the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland, 
  and to think we spent 30 years murdering each other over this . 
  do n't we feel silly ... 
  yeah open with the scene 1 scene heading . 
  my point about how/when we see the man 's face is more about how you introduce your protagonist ( if he is your protagonist ), 
  unless there 's a narrative reason not to introduce him by name ( age ) then just stick to the standard format . 
  referring to the same character by more than one name can be confusing and . 
  `` pov : the sky '' is fine . 
  hope that helps !, 
  if you 're born in northern ireland you have the right to consider yourself british , irish or both , as formalized in the good friday agreement . 
  i have an irish passport and a british passport and they both list my place of birth as antrim . 
  so northern ireland is formally part of the united kingdom , but being northern irish does n't make you de facto british . 
  [ here is the most succinct uk government info on the topic ] ( https://www.nidirect.gov.uk/articles/about-northern-ireland ) :, 
   northern ireland is part of the uk . 
  however , under the belfast agreement , also known as the good friday agreement , people born in northern ireland can choose to be british citizens , irish citizens or both . 
  if they choose to be both british and irish citizens , this means they have a dual citizenship . 
  good luck with the script !, 
  i do n't disagree with any particular point , but the joke i was making was about the name of this subreddit , where i think the term `` british '' is being used in a cultural sense and i think that our cultural experience in ni is different enough to warrant a distinction sometimes , that 's all . 
  [ into the woods . 
  into the woods . 
  into the woods . 
  ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/into-woods-stories-work-tell/dp/0141978104 ), 
  i 've only watched pumped , which i liked a lot . 
  charming surreality that never goes too weird and good comic performances . 
  my old boss produced it so i am slightly biased ... 
  i would n't bother adding a fade in : line at the top of the script , it 's traditional but unnecessary and eats up space on the page . 
  i would also ignore transitions unlesss the are 100 % essential to the understanding of the narrative . 
  constant cut to : and dissolve to : lines are unnecessary and eat up a lot of space over the course of a feature script . 
  i personally bold and underline my scene headings . 
  i think it really helps break up the page visually and makes them less likely to be skipped over . 
  i read a lot of scripts and i always appreciate it when the writer adds bold or underline or both to the headings . 
  3 periods in a row is an ellipsis . 
  a series of dots ( typically three , such as '' ... '' ) that usually indicates an intentional omission of a word , sentence , or whole section from a text without altering its original meaning . 
  writer 's often use them to imply words unsaid or some sort of unspoken meaning for example :, 
   out on gerard : weighing up his options ... 
  feels more foreboding than, 
   out on gerard : weighing up his options . 
  i personally use them a lot ( maybe too much ... ) in my scripts . 
  you seem to be playing it pretty fast and loose with your punctuation in the script . 
  i 'm not sure what effect you are trying to communicate with the double period ellipses '' . . '' and double dashes '' -- '' but they seem sort of willy-nilly at the moment and wreck the flow of the action and dialogue . 
  hope that helps !, 
  pete postlethwaite too, 
  where else ... 
  this photo is known as `` the long walk '' . 
  a few years ago , a bbc documentary of the same name followed some eod guys as they returned to belfast for the first time since the troubles . 
  very interesting viewing . 
  can be seen on youtube [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-jl3drch_8 ) . 
  and for anyone curius : [ this junction today ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@54.6109133,-5.947937,3a,75y,147.57h,90.38t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1scz5rydacox3lazqnx7phmw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ), 
  weird to think that a photo of a street corner less than a mile from my house is on desks all over the world ... 
  keep your head down mate , nothing but respect for you guys . 
  growing up where i did , a lot of people owe their lives to ato guys without even realising it . 
  therapy ? 
  to belfast ? 
  they were literally the only thing larne had going for it !, 
  going to see it in a big old warehouse down at the old shipyards in belfast on sat . 
  no orchestra but should still be pretty cool ... 
  [ here it is on street view !, 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@54.6109133,-5.947937,3a,75y,147.57h,90.38t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1scz5rydacox3lazqnx7phmw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ), 
   if it was n't for the b & w photo and the uniform , this could almost be a pic that could have come out of iraq . 
  and the ww2 era japanese machine gun . 
  and the jungle ... 
  i approve of all this nitpicking !, 
  lurgan man is our equivalent of florida man ... 
  they 'll be grand , they 're well used to tourists on the mural trail by now . 
  but like your man says i would advise them to get out of dodge before dark . 
  one of the most satisfying moments in what was ultimately a very frustrating game . 
  rodney can stay .
