  i volunteered to do the door at the co-op where we all used to play shows back in the day ... one night this kid was wasted off his ass and eventually someone had to call an ambulance for him because he needed his stomach pumped i guess . 
  anyway the ambulance came and the kid was fine but his mum flipped her lid and threatened to have us all arrested . 
  we had just got ourselves a shiny new police force at the time but the reputation of [ their predecessors ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_ulster_constabulary ) was [ pretty sketchy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_ulster_constabulary#criticism ) and they certainly were n't friends of our little gig space . 
  anyway , when the night was over the cops never showed up , which was a massive relief , but i never volunteered there again . 
  the place did n't survive for too long after that . 
  i was maybe 16 at the time . 
  edit : the place closed for a whole bunch of reasons , not because i stopped volunteering lol . 
  in fact that night was my first and only time working there . 
  [ this should get you started ] ( https://www.wiggle.co.uk/h/option/bikesizeguide ), 
  [ therapy ? 
  - rain hits concrete ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xi4c4xlqjjo ), 
  i prefer chain reaction myself , but that sizing guide on wiggle is packed with info while still being easy to understand . 
  they could have made this whole article about belfast . 
  the one they picked is n't even the worst of it , in my opinion . 
  look ma , no hands !, 
  yeah that 's a joke for sure . 
  the one on blackstaff square is my most hated . 
  a cyclepath contraflow on a one way street that 's constantly blocked by taxis . 
  death trap . 
  what 's that ? 
  final draft production tools have stolen hours of your day ? 
  welcome to my life as an assistant script editor ... 
  the daily star is n't the most reputable news source ... anyone seen this in the wild ? 
  the guy who runs the bicycle workshop i go to sometimes has a pretty sweet dutch style bike , complete with a box for his dog on the front . 
  personally , most of my rides are too hilly to really consider a bike that size and weight with so few gears . 
  they already made f-zero with items . 
  it 's called wipeout ... 
  there 's a guy in my city that owns two ... one original and one replica . 
  he 's an awesome older gent ( a political cartoonist by trade ) with an awesome collection of cycling curiosities and he rides the penny farthings like a pro . 
  i work freelance so my commute is subject to change ... my most common last year was a 16 mile round trip around belfast lough . 
  i work from home a lot at the mo and i really miss that ride sometimes . 
  yes at a roundabout you always give way to vehicles on your right . 
  if you were on the roundabout and he pulled out in to you from a junction on your left then he was at fault 100 %, 
  i upgraded to spd pedals with compatible shoes for # 55 in the january sales . 
  granted i 'm from the north but i have never heard anyone say fluthered . 
  ever . 
  we played a lot of samurai gunn and kick jumper at a lan recently . 
  it 's good to get away from the keyboard every once in a while . 
  you could say uncle hugo is * half assing it * . 
  / r/redditgetsdrawn should see this, 
  [ link for the lazy ] ( http://www.thornbridgebrewery.co.uk/shop.php ), 
  done !, 
  interesting concept so far . 
  i rode a 50km route at the weekend , mostly on roads with 60mph limits . 
  the only time i felt in physical danger was in a small village when some prick in a bmw pulled in to my lane on top of me on the approach to a junction . 
  i was going maybe 5mph , he was going maybe 15 . 
  in general i find riding in built up areas where drivers are paying more attention to lanes , lights etc and getting frustrated by traffic to be much more dangerous than cycling on the open road . 
  this country would be nothing without our brave paperclip shufflers - i salute you !, 
  [ game over , man . 
  ] ( https://theworldaccordingtoalice.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/game-over-man-game-over.jpg ), 
  we have enough braindead idiots mouthing off here in ni without ignorant americans getting involved, 
  peep show , the office , the it crowd , the thick of it , gavin and stacy , black books , moone boy ... these are the sitcoms of our generation that will be remembered fondly in years to come . 
  cant believe i left this out !, 
  i still wholeheartedly support this as a good rule of thumb . 
  butterfly bars might also be an option . 
  to be fair this cycle path does n't see a huge amount of use . 
  there 's a route that runs behind the airport that 's a much nicer ride . 
  trying to get from tomb st to the ravenhill on the bike was a bloodbath this morning thanks to the ncn9 closure . 
  the lane on the other side used to end abruptly right where the junction for the airport joined the dual carriageway , leaving you on your bike in the middle of 3 lanes of traffic ... 
  go from sydenham rd on to airport rd , takes you to the back of holywood exchange or on in to holywood itself past the back of kinnegar logistics base and the dirty duck . 
  no cycle paths per se but nice wide road that is much quieter than the by-pass !, 
  it 's a funny old path , some of it is really industrial but there 's also a bird sanctuary and the waterside . 
  worth checking out sometime for sure . 
  having once been this kind of guy , i am fairly sure that he has invited you to his house to try and fuck you . 
  if you want to do that then you should go . 
  if you do n't want to do that then do n't . 
  god i should have used a throwaway for this . 
  first of all i just want to say that i am a very nice well adjusted person in a long term relationship ( 6 + years ) my girlfriend and i own a house together and we 're very happy ... 
  ... but when i was 20/21 that was not the case . 
  as you say , i was absolutely more interested in seducing girls rather than getting to know them . 
  often if a girl was n't immediately interested in me i would move on but sometimes if they had something extra i might have pursued them a bit more . 
  for example you mention that you have similar taste in music to this guy and that you play bass - this certainly would have warranted a second attempt from me back in the day . 
  some guys do like a challenge , and if a traditional date did n't go well inviting you to his house to `` jam '' is a textbook attempt at trying to get in to your pants via a different route . 
  hope that helps !, 
  thanks !, 
  good luck navigating the single world . 
  i might catch hell for this but the `` selected by asda '' [ whitechapel porter ] ( http://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/138/26897/ ) brewed by shepherds neame kicks some serious dick . 
  my local asda does n't but lidl does ... 
  i had an issue like this once caused by a loose crankset . 
  might be worth checking . 
  [ like a proper irishman . 
  yes of course , this is another factor i 'll have to consider . 
  the roads i usually ride on are n't too bad but as i work freelance i 'm never quite sure what my next commute is going to bring !, 
  it 's a metaphor for local politics . 
  yeah i had read something to that effect but i was curious to know what the norm is amoungst the commuters on this sub . 
  although there is n't a lot of climbing on my regular commute but the climb up to my house is very steep ... 
  yeah i think it 's the bearings . 
  i 'm changing the whole wheel anyway since i got this set for nothing . 
  haha yeah i know , i 'm not going to throw it away or anything but i 've got a pair of better wheels sitting here so i might as well stick them on . 
  back when union st was just a shithole lined with bricked up deserted buildings it used to say no topless bathing across one of them . 
  it has now been immortalized on the side of the sunflower bar . 
  [ dave kearney giving andrew trimble a prostate exam ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bmzhnraiiaaqdrk.jpg:large ), 
  sounds like the judge wanted to give him 6 years ... 
  when i lived in harbin in north east china i visited a place like this . 
  it was a multi ( 8 + ) storey mall , with hi-end canon and apple stores at the top and stalls like this in the basement . 
  wish i had photos ... 
  i did n't know op ivy had underrated songs ... 
  the crowd and bad town are two of my all time favourites . 
  definitely sticking energy on when i get home tonight !, 
  pretty gutted not to be riding today but 2 of my meetings were too far apart ( in distance ) and too close together ( in time ) to cycle .
