  the article compares the numbers killed by law enforcement in the us ** this year ** with the numbers killed in the uk since 1900 . 
  i do n't think any native americans have been killed by us troops this year . . ? 
  i would argue that the 300 people killed by the army in ni should count towards the uk death count as the army were deployed to enforce the law . 
  oh man , this takes me back ... 
  i entered an open call to review webcomics for [fleen.com ] ( http://fleen.com/ ) about a million years ago and [ this post ] ( http://fleen.com/archives/2006/04/24/alien-loves-predator-versus-shark/ ) about alp got me the gig !, 
  from a reader 's stand-point , making your main character 's names as different as possible can really help , especially for characters that interact with each other a lot . 
  i get why people are n't surprised by this but what tickles me is that drinks like baileys are often advertised ( especially abroad ) with idealic irish rural imagery and while we know , intellectually , that this is n't how it is made - you could n't get any further from this imagery than mallusk industrial estate ... 
   it 's just not interesting to learn that 60 % of the worlds whiskey is made in mallusk . 
  considering how many whiskey distilleries there are all over the world , this would be genuinely very surprising ... 
  it 's the only way to be sure . 
  bailey 's : a traditional cream liqueur which begins its life in the idyllic fields and rivers of ireland and comes together in the bleak industrial wasteland of newtownabbey . 
  haha i know it 's not so bad but i grew up there so i like to rag on it sometimes . 
  all in good fun tho !, 
  edit : tho in my defence , [ this ] ( http://www.dowdsgroup.com/_assets/images/photo-gallery/comm%2002/02-baileys-04.jpg ) is what the bottling plant looks like ... 
  does n't account for the 300 odd people killed by the british army when they were deployed to support the police in northern ireland . 
  i get downvoted for this every time but feel someone should weigh in in favour of final draft . 
  first up ( as i said in a previous thread ) it really depends on your requirements :, 
  if you 're just writing mostly for your own enjoyment , honing your craft or even writing some small-scale stuff for production ( as you seem to be ) then fade in , writer duet , etc are fine and i would defer to others in the thread with more experience using these products . 
  if you 're at / getting to the point where you 're looking for paid work , writing for production , delivering scripts to producers / script editors etc then final draft is industry standard and will be invaluable when you 're bouncing scripts back and forth , locking pages , doing coloured revisions etc. 
  people will tell you that final draft is expensive and unstable . 
  i have n't had a crash in final draft since version 7 . 
  i have used final draft 8 in a professional capacity as a script assistant and assistant script editor on 3 television series and it has held up well under extremely heavy load ( ie ; 6 x 50 page scripts open at once , running reports on multiple scripts etc ), 
  final draft is industry standard for managing shooting scripts so if you are in the fortunate position of being a writer on a film or tv show that 's going in to production , it will make life easier for all involved if everyone is using the same software ( better still if it 's the same version thereof ) and there 's a 99 % chance that that software will be final draft . 
  as a writer , you wo n't be expected to fully know the ins and outs of the fd production tools , but you will almost certainly be expected to work from shooting scripts that have been locked and revised in final draft . 
  as i said above , i 'm not overly familiar with the cheap/free alternatives such as fade in but , in the past , those that are have n't really been able to give me a definitive answer on whether or not this is possible . 
  as far the price point , part of what you are paying for is this production suite i just described . 
  if it sounds like something that will never ever be of use to you then final draft probably is n't worth the investment . 
  however if , like me , you are interested in other script-related roles on a production then learning how to use all the features of fd could prove invaluable and help you get a foot in the door . 
  you can always play about with the free trial and see how it feels and i 'm sure it goes without saying that your financial investment in the software will directly correlate with your feelings on software piracy ... 
  edit : 5 minutes ... new record !, 
  final draft 8 on pc has been solid as a rock for me . 
  i know that fade in can do things like coloured revision sets but what i do n't know is whether or not the fade in revisions system is compatible with the final draft one and no-one who is familiar with fade in has thus far been able to tell me if it is or not . 
  to put this issue to bed once and for all i have just downloaded the fade in demo and opened a shooting script from the show that i am currently working on . 
  here are the problems :, 
  1 ) by default , fade in has added ( continued ) and continued : lines to the bottom and top of the pages . 
  this is n't industry standard and , even though i 'm sure there 's an option to get rid of them , they should n't be there by default . 
  2 ) the page count is different . 
  whether this is due to fade in having a different font or whether or not it has failed to recognise that the pages were locked in final draft , i would have to go through it line by line to find out but from a quick glance it appears to be both . 
  3 ) fade in has scrubbed the headers and footers and they are now blank . 
  4 ) fade in has failed to recognise any of the revision sets implemented by final draft . 
  so in summary , the fade in production tools are not cross-compatible with the industry standard final draft ones . 
  if i sent you ( as a writer ) this shooting script to make revisions on and you did them in fade in , it would completely invalidate its integrity as a production document . 
  hope that 's useful !, 
  yeah for sure - having worked on a job once where they did n't do the revisions the normal final draft way ( long story - do n't want to talk about it ) you realise how easy fd makes it to implement revisions , even though they always need double and triple checked !, 
   that being said , honestly , let me ask you how often it happens that a writer gets revision-marked pages and needs to preserve those revisions ? 
  this workflow is based on my experience in uk drama but let 's say / u/hotspurjr is the writer of the reddit show , series 1 ep 3 and / u/pjhart86 is the script editor . 
  it 's day 1 of the shoot and the white shooting draft has probably been locked for the last week to two weeks of production . 
  on day 3 of production , the network execs have given a note requiring an extensive rewrite to episode 3 , scene 8 . 
  the series producer and i decide that the rewrite required is big enough to bring the writer back in to do said rewrite . 
  at this point , i will open the locked trs ep3 shooting script in final draft and roll the active revision set on to pink revisions ( i understand blue is often first in the us ) then i send it to you , the writer . 
  at this point , you have a hot version of the shooting script . 
  any changes you make to this script will now be implemented in pink . 
  all your changes will be marked as revisions , any pages cut will automatically be combined and any pages added will automatically become a pages , etc. 
  when you send that back to me , the script editor , i simply check your changes against the locked white draft , make sure you have n't fucked anything up royally , fix it if you have , triple check everything , make a memo , get it all approved then issue it to cast and crew . 
  done . 
  if you use fade in for this , i will have to then manually implement all your changes on to my version of the shooting script as it would appear that fade in and final draft production tools are not compatible . 
  the real kicker here is that it seems that fade in does n't recognise final draft revision marks and vice-versa so the only way to even find your changes would be to run a script-compare in final draft which wont 100 % infallible , especially if fade in has messed up the formatting of the original doc . 
  as time goes by , more notes and/or production issues may result in more changes that can be implemented by me without having to involve you , the writer . 
  but then later the director has a brilliant idea for the ending that requires a rewrite . 
  again , we feel like we should involve you , the writer , in this process and again i 'll roll the current shooting script on to the next revision set , let 's say this time it 's goldenrod . 
  if you were to open that document in fade in , do some changes and send it back , then all previous revision sets made in final draft would be scrubbed from the doc and i again would be stuck implementing your changes manually on to my final draft document . 
  i have worked on a lot of different tv series , tv single drama , tv movies and feature films ( i used to do props before i realised my fd knowledge could get me a job ) and i have never done a job where script revisions have n't been issued on a regular basis the whole way through the shoot . 
  during production , the integrity of the shooting scripts is absolutely paramount , but at the same time they have to be 100 % malleable . 
  this is a tricky enough tight-rope to walk when everyone involved , whether it 's writers , producers , script editors or whoever , is using the same software to be honest . 
   if you 're on a show that uses fd , i think it makes sense to use fd . 
  yeah if you 're just delivering a script and walking away it matters less what program you use as long as you can deliver something that 's fd compatible i guess . 
   i 'm not arguing that point . 
  it 's cool , my workflow here might not be 100 % relevant to others but i 'm happy to share my experiences if it 's in any way useful . 
   i have n't used it since version 7 , so i ca n't tell you if the bugginess has been fixed . 
  i will say that periodically , in version 7 , the revision tracking would get so buggy that it 'd cause the script to crash when trying to render certain pages and this was unrecoverable . 
  version 8 is rock solid on pc under high stress even with lots of revision sets in place . 
  i have n't used version 9 much yet to say for sure . 
  fade in definitely seems like a good product for the price and seems like it could be a great choice for spec writers . 
  i guess if you ever really do need to use final draft on a production you could always force the production company to buy it for you !, 
  [ nice try , vincent adultman . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyscs78r5fs ), 
  everyone needs to calm the ham , he 's just having a bit of craic like . 
  iirc archana wil deliver a full scale feast and a bottle of wine to your house if you live within their delivery area . 
  legends . 
  the council website says you can bring `` garden waste '' to the recycling centres , if they try and tell you that soil does n't count you can just say that it came from your garden and you do n't want it any more so it definitely fits the description ... 
  saying that some of them are attracted to these parties is not the same as explaining what it is that attracts them . 
  just sayin you didnt really answer the question you quoted and that 's why you were maybe being downvoted ? 
  just tryinta help like ... 
  we got it once and the feckin maitre d of the restaurant rocked up at our house ( recognised him from sitting in ) with all the food in a big polystyrene container , came in to our house and unloaded it all on to our dining table for us . 
  well in london they do n't have guns on their waist . 
  [ did n't we talk about this once before ? 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunk/comments/1qm0k1/killer_robots_ban_must_be_part_of_geneva_talks/ ), 
  it 's like dw death is flashing tsm death o_o, 
  [ unless it 's these guys . 
  [ always . 
  i got the honesty box from http://honestbrew.co.uk/ for a while . 
  they had a discount code on reddit which made the first box a great deal but i got sucked in anyway ... 
  even at full price i did n't find it extortionate but being self employed i could n't justify it between jobs ... 
  i worked on that !, 
  musta been bout 6 or 7 years ago ... 
  when i was at uni a random guy sort of appeared at one of our parties ... 
  i tried to kick him out at the end of the night and things got a little ... heated . 
  long story short , the police were called and they chased the guy across the ( lower ormeau ) road where he climbed an abandoned building and had to be taken down off the roof by peelers & firemen with a cherry picker . 
  will never forget him still trying to fight them as they were bringing him down on it ... needless to say it did n't go well for him . 
  i use this as an answer to questions all the time .
