  ooh i never thought of that , cheers !, 
  dude i was doing what youre doing when i was 18 and everything still went wrong !, 
  keep shooting , keep learning . 
  when i was starting out we wasted a lot of time on scheduling . 
  learn how to make a call-sheet and make sure your actors and crew follow it !, 
  and remember , audiences will often forgive shoddy pictures but never shoddy sound . 
  if you are recording dialogue make sure it 's audible !, 
  good luck !, 
  richard english does some interesting work on the origins on republicanism in his book irish freedom - might be worth checking out the bibliography . 
  it 's not just the quality of the microphone you need to think about . 
  if your mike is mounted on top of your camera then you are limited to what shots you can get while still recording usable sound . 
  as an experiment , i recommend getting a longer audio cable , taking your rode , taping it to the end of a broom and getting a mate to use it as a boom pole for a few test shots . 
  the difference in audibility will be immense . 
  if you plan on making films with more than one or two lines of dialogue then you will absolutely need more than a camera-top microphone at some point but for now use what you have to make the best films possible - just get creative with how you use your kit !, 
  good man - i did n't mean to patronize you but in my experience sound can often be an after thought for people who are starting out . 
  i would also look in to how to mark a take properly with a clapper board if you do n't know how to already , as this is likely to be one of your first real jobs on set if you 're interested in getting in to a professional camera department . 
  bilingualism , especially from a young age , generally leads to better language skills in later life . 
  it was uh ... anticlimatic . 
  we drove back via torr head cushendun and cushendall ... it was terrifying . 
  my friends and i are 27 / 28 . 
  we had a lan last weekend and one guy ended up in hospital . 
  true story . 
  it gets harder . 
  pancreatitis . 
  he was in for a few days but he 's ok now . 
  the combination of body shape and facial expression , plus paddy jackson behind him looks like he 's cracking up too . 
  use prezi instead of powerpoint - it 's a lot more visually dynamic :, 
  yeah man !, 
  february to july 2010 ... are you danish simon !?!? 
  no shit !, 
  you around for much longer ? 
  hit me upon fb if you fancy a pint . 
  [ i was here a few years back ] ( http://fc09.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2011/220/d/d/singapore_spaceport_by_outboundlight-d45whk5.jpg ) i always thought it looked like a spaceship docking with the skyscrapers . 
  not to mention that the single group responsible for the most terrorist activity was the fbi ... 
  let 's see some of that magic in the 6 nations , rob !, 
  we have a subreddit for this sort of thing now : / r/producemyscript, 
  hammertime has been going on for thoudands of years, 
  bedford house ( who apparently own the photo ) is certainly still there ( on bedford street ) so you could always ask ... 
  hostel environment ? 
  i deal with music and image clearance quite a bit here in the uk . 
  from where i 'm sitting , it is 100 % fine for characters to discuss a song or movie as long as no copyrighted material is directly used diagetically . 
  of course the law still applies so you do n't want to slander a real person in your script . 
  something to consider is whether or not these references add anything to your script . 
  characters yammering on about pop-culture rarely does anything to advance the plot . 
  also , if these are contemporary references - when is this script likely to be produced and screened ? 
  are the music / movie references still relevant ? 
  she 's had so much work done you should call her cher . 
  i agree with this post as it relates to the uk as a whole but i would say at least half apply here in northern ireland ... 
  what phone mount is that ? 
  whst does the nationality of the pub have to do with it ? 
  and other pubs dont ? 
  i 'm irish so every pub for me is an irish pub or `` pub '' as we call them . 
  i 'm not being pc , just curious ... if you go to a pub that isnt irish themed what do you call it . . ? 
  seconded . 
  i got a chain reaction voucher for christmas this year and spent it on spd pedals and a pair of [ shimano click ' r shoes ] ( http://www.chainreactioncycles.com/shimano-ct40-shoes/rp-prod111798 ) . 
  just last night i cycled down to town , went for a burrito and a pint and then cycled home ... the shoes are comfy and casual looking but give me the performance boost i want when i 'm training or commuting . 
  shoes and pedals all in : # 45 . 
  i guess there are more people who enjoy eating food than watching dudes beat the shit out of each other ... 
  sectarian assholes and occasional shootings , bombings , etc. 
  plus it rains a lot . 
  i 'm working off a tv while my laptop is in for repair and it 's killing me . 
  but not as much as all that monster would ... 
  the double standards continue to amaze me ... water cannon and plastic bullets are used every year by uk police in northern ireland . 
  there 's a similar one in derry which is indeed a tad narrow but just about usable for bikes and pedestrians simultaneously . 
  i knew this would end up under fairly rigorous cartographic scrutiny even though it 's just a thing some guy made out of old paint when he was bored . 
  that said , ireland and britain look like one single land-mass ... 
  the st patrick 's cross is missing ... 
  haha no need to apologise , there are lots of people where i live who would probably prefer if the flag was actually the way you made it ( ie ; without northern ireland ), 
  my mobile search let me down , apologies !, 
  what if you 're just burgling it ? 
  i 'm about 3/4 through cryptonomicon right now and it 's blowing my mind !, 
  cant believe i was put off by the contemporary setting when i was younger ... 
  i 'm in !, 
  i would love to see a mini-series with this batman . 
  their article on paddy mayne was riddled with innacuracies so i 'll take this with a massive grain of salt . 
  i think the world would be a better place if children were taught to question and scrutinize the things they were told before they decide if they think they are true or not . 
  this would essentially make religion obsolete , in my opinion . 
  this is good but her metal covers are generally better imo, 
  when i had a 12km commute i always gave myself an extra 20 mins or so which i usually used for a shower and some brekky when i got to the office but also gave me time to change a tube en route when necessary . 
  i 'm not english but yes i suppose it is . 
  christopher lee served in the lrdg , not the sas . 
  still a badass though . 
  this video is not available in your country !, 
  i think that snarky tweet i sent them is what clinched it . 
  i missed a show by them like 3 years ago or something because i was out of town and it still haunts me ... 
  trails look interesting , though not sure if i buy jimmy nesbitt as an officer in the met ... 
  haha , it 's still totally funny to make fun of how shit northern ireland was in the 80s ... 
  the colonial marines technical manual has an awesome section on this , well worth checking out . 
  where is this mystical land of `` lugan '' ? 
  also worth noting - familiarity with final draft got me a job as a script assistant on a tv drama . 
  if you 're interested in breaking in to a particular field professionally , you should at least know how to use the industry standard tools of that profession , whether they 're objectively `` great '' or not . 
  i do like final draft though , but maybe just because i 'm used to it . 
  when writing i rarely have to use the mouse or menus - which keeps me in the moment and keeps the words flowing !, 
   i think its safe to say that filmmakers/camera savvy people are not the target audience for these commercials, 
  yet here we are , talking about it on the internet . 
  well played , apple ... 
  i tried some of that great wall red wine once ... tasted like ribena that had been mixed too strong . 
  wiki for the lazy :, 
  best bit :, 
  the besieged irish radioed to their headquarters : `` we will hold out until our last bullet is spent .
