  `` your family is in another castle . '', 
  they just advertise on the site whenever they 're hiring new ones . 
  it 's quite a formal process as they 're a publicly funded body . 
  yardsman stout is a great replacement for guinness though, 
  ca n't even read the words without putting mental air quotes around them . 
  guess it 's been a fortnight since the last time this was posted ... 
  i still upvoted it like , never gets old . 
  you know his masterclass.com series escaped in to the wild ? 
  it 's well worth a watch . 
  this guy gets it, 
  yup , really loving it !, 
  lot 's of interesting stuff in the current series . 
  what makes it cyberpunk to me is that the daily mail ( a populist misinformation machine owned by a billionaire ) appears to be replacing their traditional scapegoat of immigrants with robots . 
  i know that 's not what 's happening ( they still hate immigrants ) but this front page feels like it would n't be out of place in a deus ex london level or on an episode of humans ( as pointed out by someone else itt ), 
  smzb and demerit , nice !, 
  i sought out some chinese punk when i lived over there , thought those guys were awesome, 
  ha no shit . 
  i got married there . 
  there 's just something wrong about a wwxd ? 
  t-shirt where x is the person wearing the t-shirt . 
  especially when that person is ostensibly criticizing a narcissistic demagogue ... 
  [ things falling apart ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/things_falling_apart ), 
  jealous !, 
  maybe she feels uncomfortable raising her right arm like that, 
  i did , but then [ netflix went and bloody made it . 
  at least that way i actually got to see it made ... 
  i have dual nationality ... 
  they 're called the partisans , i believe . 
  the british tv show utopia deals with it , but i do n't want to say too much ... 
  if you also have a walkie talkie you can pretty much take over, 
  i have ridden a planet x pro carbon ( bought 2 of them to use on a cycling tv show ) and found the frame to be of good quality . 
  i also own a planet x london road and love it . 
  if you 're comfortable building that bike yourself then it 's a steal for # 600 . 
  oh yeah big time , just wanted to gush about px !, 
  they do a similar scheme here in ni and i ended up producing one of the films that came out of the scheme one year ( though the budget was quite a bit lower than 10k ) . 
  i 've also been through funded development on a couple of projects myself . 
  working with my local film commission has been nothing but a positive experience ( i also work for them as a freelance reader ) but you do have to remember that you are essentially dealing with a publicly funded arts body which ( certainly here in the uk ) means that you are dealing with an organisation that is likely stretched to breaking point in terms of funds and resources , even here in ni , where ni screen punches way above its weight ( game of thrones , anyone ? ), 
  so my advice is to always keep that in mind . 
  treat their notes with the upmost respect as they are coming from industry professionals and are costing you nothing ( something that is almost unheard of in the states ) . 
  in your communications with them always be patient , they are likely juggling a few different development schemes while also doing their best to support people who have come through previous schemes while also looking ahead to setting up the next ones . 
  do n't feel bad about giving them a gentle nudge if you need an answer to a question but always be polite and respectful of their time . 
  ask a lot of questions about your work . 
  be as open about your work as possible . 
  building up that good writer/editor or writer/exec relationship takes time , and if you only have 3 days then i would say take the lead on opening up your work to critique . 
  ask them what they think is n't working about the characters , ask them if they think the midpoint carries enough weight , wring them dry for all the advice they 've got and then decide later how much you agree with / want to implement . 
  lastly , make friends !, 
  writers and development folk share a passion for story telling so use that to engage with them and build some strong professional relationships that may pay dividends even if you do n't clinch the funding this time . 
  sounds like a great scheme anyway - good luck with it !, 
  i got a oneplus 3 2 weeks before the 3t was revealed and a pebble 2 ( for christmas ) 2 weeks after the company closed ... 
  guns are n't `` banned '' in the uk . 
  members of the public may own sporting rifles and shotguns , subject to licensing . 
  * handguns * were effectively banned after the dunblane school massacre in 1996 with the exception of northern ireland . 
  dunblane was the uk 's first and only school shooting . 
  just handguns . 
  you can still have a shotgun or a sporting rifle . 
  you can even still have a handgun if you live in ni . 
  guns controlled is n't the same as guns banned . 
  guns are just very tightly controlled in the uk . 
  it 's still quite easy ( and cheap ) to get get a gun license for hunting or target sport if you are so inclined ( and do n't have a criminal record ) it just takes a bit of time and a good once-over by the police . 
  rules like these exist in almost every country that is n't the usa so if by that standard you want to say guns are banned everywhere outside the states then sure , why not . 
  username checks out, 
  could n't agree more . 
  i got genuine feels from a bunch of lunatics in rubber masks singing about a guy named oderous :(, 
  [ basically anything from vulpine ] ( http://www.vulpine.cc/ ) if you do n't mind splashing a bit of cash . 
  i got the last version of the jeans on clearance . 
  i just did a 4 hour deliveroo shift in them and they felt great . 
  the harrington looks awesome too but is way out of budget at the mo. . . 
  i 've never had a letter published in the it so my power level must be nearly 9000 ... 
  that is metal as fuck . 
  i would buy that for the name alone !, 
  it 's gon na be on uk netflix, 
   yeah it 's fun for a couple hours but i probably would n't go back multiple times . 
  the girl on the left seems to reach the `` fuck this axe bullshit '' phase during the gif, 
  this , plus the dangerous driving that he was actually convicted of does sound pretty hardcore :, 
   ... taking police on an eight-mile pursuit that saw him reach speeds of up to 90mph ( 145km/h ) in a 30mph ( 48km/h ) zone . 
  oh man i totally forgot about this album . 
  [ some good stuff in there . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/dn28iuyj-rm?list=pltbjksdzw5m0zdaygf-332xupre9nmsue ), 
  * straight out of ulaanbaatar , a crazy motherfucker named ghengis ... *, 
  yeah it 's nuts, 
  ` mon now , this guy deserves props for trying to actually contribute something constructive to this ridiculous thread . 
  at time of writing , this comment had -2 points while a comment that just said `` fuck the prods '' had 5 . 
  some of you need to take a good long look at yourselves . 
  if the fitbit app could connect to the hrm in the pebble 2 hr it would almost make this whole clusterfuck worthwhile . 
  voice reply is broken for me ... 
  nice !, 
  i just deliverooed to a packers fan in belfast but it was a brutal double order and i was too puffed to talk football properly . 
  found this 2nd from the bottom ? 
  for shame . 
  that would also make the expanse part of it ... 
  i literally just this minute finished babylon 's ashes ... 
  timed it perfectly for uninterrupted expansage !, 
  it 's not part of the uk . 
  nice !, 
  i broke my personal pages per day record last month , managing 25 pages in one day ... made me realise how quickly i could churn out a draft if i really put my mind to it . 
  yeah i guess they do n't have figures for those ... 
  the channel islands are coloured differently from the uk on the map though tbf . 
  edit : just checked the source , there is separate data for the channel islands . 
  nothing like a deadline to focus the mind !, 
  historical or cultural references with some relevance to the character or story is how i do it .
