  the specific bigoted views of the free presbyterian church are much easier to track as it was founded in the 20th century and its founder 's teachings are pretty much all a matter of contemporary record so to say that all muslims somehow hold more radical or bigoted beliefs than the fpc is demonstrably absurd . 
  would n't put it past him !, 
  you would get that from 100 % of free presbyterians for sure . 
  i 'm saying that they definitely are . 
  they believe in a literal interpretation of the bible , which calls for all those things . 
  my point is that there are people who consider themselves muslim who do n't believe those things , but there are far fewer ( if any ) people who call themselves free ps who do n't . 
  we do n't really have the data on that though but i guess my argument would be that people who still want to culturally associated with protestant christianity have a lot of choices when it comes to what church to go to etc so why would they stay / become free p if they did n't explicitly believe all that evil shit ? 
  on the other hand , a lot of people in the uk are brought up in the muslin community and culturally identify as muslim even if they do n't support or believe the letter of sharia law ( as the channel 4 survey - flawed as it was - showed us ) and [ as assad dhuna explores here . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/as-a-gay-british-muslim-this-is-what-i-think-of-the-survey-finding-over-half-of-british-muslims-want-a6978881.html ), 
  radical islam is crazy to me . 
  even moderate islam is crazy to me but to say that 3 million people in the uk are all crazy bigots , especially considering the diversity of backgrounds within that group is just nonsense , just as it would be to hold the 31 million christians in the uk accountable for the bigoted beliefs of the free presbyterian church . 
  a rare lapse in judgement from the conservative party ... 
  do n't think there 's any `` probably '' about it when you look at the numbers , but that 's an anarchist flag not a communist one . 
  guess your sixth form politics is a lil rusty , 
  yeah it 's really hard to tell the difference between things that you clearly do n't know or care anything about ... 
  [ hard to beat this on a budget . 
  especially if you already have an ikea family card . 
  ] ( http://m.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/art/80339634/ ), 
  lisburn burough council ? 
  yeah been using mine quite a bit ... seems sturdy enough !, 
  there is no better first world case study of the failure of representative democracy than northern ireland . 
  the bridge is still a sweet idea , if only so we can get a ni/scots version of the tv show . 
  i think your mental image of a circle needs revised ... 
  mind = blown . 
  unlike theresa may ... 
  planet x london road if you can talk your work in to accepting their scheme instead of halfords . 
  not like the dup have done a great job of negotiating an agreement to get devolution running again in ni ... 
  [ sign me up !, 
  ] ( https://bsamuseum.files.wordpress.com/2010/08/cycle_for_king.jpg ), 
  the japanese basically captured singapore by bicycle . 
  damnit , i just needed `` snowflake '' to get bingo ... 
  going for the wasp vote ... 
  it 's not on the wr script library so probably has n't been released officially , sorry . 
  seems like it would be a good vote to go after then !, 
  please tell me there is an actual , literal image of this somewhere . 
  every time i see someone bashing the dup outside of / r/northernireland it almost makes this whole clusterfuck worthwhile ... 
  and the south . 
  they have the option to reject us, 
  `` the devil 's buttermilk '' - ian paisley 's description of alcoholic drinks , chiefly draught guinness . 
  funny i was just thinking this the other day when i was driving by one of those pure grim loyalist bars on the shankill and it had a guinness sign ... 
  guess as long as it gets you pissed . . ? 
  it 's the sexy hourglass figure ... 
  oneplus 3 ... have n't tried it on the latest build of oxegen ( the op android skin ) but if someone messages me today ( when !, 
  when someone messages today ... 
  i 'm cool ... ) i 'll try it and let you know . 
  having the same issue ? 
  `` tea in a glass , madame ? 
  my enthusiasm for liberating this country is suddenly waning ... '', 
  no self-respecting englishmen would put cream in their tea ... or even know what half-and-half is for that matter . 
  tbf this was everyone outside ni like a month ago, 
  lol the rex features watermark even looks like the artists signature . 
  what 's that ? 
  spontaneous cooperative action unmotivated by fiscal coercion ? 
  down with this sort of thing !, 
  if they only did the bank then it would be pretty funny / tragic ... 
  as a drunk psycho ape i find this particularly offensive, 
  i have the giro republics . 
  they feel like proper cycling shoes on the bike but look low key in the office . 
  they are a bit platformy so are n't great for loads of walking but i 've run a few short errands on foot in them fine . 
  deliveroo belfast checking in , stay safe out there !, 
  caught the last 15 mins , thought it was decent ... 
  the trump jesus film was good , newsdesk is about a 70 % hit rate but is edited a bit loose for my tastes . 
  the tory guy was good and his back and forth with nish was probably the highlight for me , it felt the freshest . 
  the fake tweets were okay , do n't see why they need a whole other presenter ... 
  overall much better than the matt ford thing on dave . 
  will watch again . 
  butting in , i have used slime tubes with mine in the past and they 've saved me on a few occasions on day job commuting and part time deliveroo . 
  this is actually the sort of dialogue i could 100 % see in a noah hawley project . 
  as someone who has transcribed films for cdsls and subtitle files , it is nice to be appreciated , 
  what i find particularly interesting in this kind of work is seeing the differences between the script and the dialogue as delivered . 
  really helps me when writing my own dialogue . 
  hard to be too smug about trump 's bigotry when our government is propped up by the political wing of a fundamentalist christian church ... 
  well they 've managed to keep gay marriage and abortion illegal in northern ireland . 
  / r/justridingalong, 
  if you think the dup are less right wing than angela merkel you 're dreaming . 
  i do n't think angela merkel is a homophobe or a creationist . 
  well the dup have gone much further than opposing gay marriage , they have opposed other rights for gay people including the right to give blood and the right to adopt . 
  they also opposed the decriminalization of homosexuality in general in ni after it was decriminalized in the rest of the uk . 
  they lobbied for creationist displays in a publicly funded tourist attraction at the giants causeway so yes , homophobia and creationism are both official dup policy . 
  well they 're directly responsible for bigoted laws in part of the uk and our government has no problem aligning with them to prop up their own majority . 
  human rights issues should n't be a matter for devolved governments . 
  they only are because british politicians do n't give a shit about the people in ni , only the support of our corrupt , bigoted politicians . 
  i 'm just saying we should n't be smug about trump 's bullshit when we do n't have the political will to enforce equality in the uk . 
  it 's not part of the `` current devolution arrangements ? '', 
  we do n't even have a devolved government in ni right now . 
  no thanks to the bullshit general election and the bullshit pact that followed . 
  gopro chest mounted is useless for cycling , unless you ride a chopper or beach cruiser or something . 
  helmet mount is probably best for coverage but handlebar works too if you do n't wear a helmet and/or do n't want to look like a dick . 
  edit : the toxicity in this sub remains strong . 
  never change !, 
  his last minute betrayal was certainly more wwf . 
  hope you have your class 2 rating . 
  continued lines only appear beside a character name if they have more than one dialogue interrupted by action or split across a page . 
  they just add a bit of clarity when looking at pages in isolation and are helpful for artists and script sups . 
  continued : and ( continued ) lines at the top and bottom of pages when a scene is split over multiple pages are not necessary until the shooting draft ( and even then ... ) so turn that shit off right now . 
  surely the point of all this would be to avoid the brexit clusterfuck ? 
  interesting ... would be keen to read more about that if you can point me in the right direction ? 
  packing up my pebble 2hr after 7 months . 
  i really hoped that it would bring the basic fitness functions to pebble that had kept me with fitbit until that point but not a single app was able to make good use of the heart rate monitor . 
  it served as a great notification centre and the voice reply was an awesome feature that i used a lot while out on my bike ... until it stopped working with my oneplus 3 .
