  could do with some whiskey '' . 
  also works as a punk band name generator, 
  i think it is , but i 'm biased, 
  i worked on it, 
  no real theme here ... just off the top of my head :, 
  rancid - she 's automatic, 
  the undertones - teenage kicks, 
  the undertones - get over you, 
  rise against - swing life away, 
  bouncing souls - coin toss girl, 
  the king blues - everything happens for a reason, 
  frank turner - the fastest way back home, 
  ida maria - i like you so much better when you 're naked, 
  same here to be honest , i guess not everyone is as awesome as us !, 
  featuring adam hills , before channel 4 snapped him up on an exclusive contract !, 
  i think one of the biggest problems is that if people voted on issues , say , from their smart phone or office computers it would basically be impossible to know whether or not they are being coerced or not . 
  voting needs to be 100 % anonymous and ( weaknesses in the current system aside ) that would be pretty much impossible without going to a voting booth to vote on every little thing . 
  this only works if those passwords remain secret . 
  at the moment we do trust a lot to online security . 
  i do my taxes and my banking online for example . 
  if these databases are breached or if i give up my details to phishing or coercion , the worst that will really happen is that i will lose some money and the bank and/or some shady dudes will have found out some stuff about me . 
  i 'm not saying identity fraud is n't serious , but it currently is n't as serious as it would be if identity thieves also gained access to your voting privileges , especially if we voted on every single thing . 
  the database holding this information would be the most valuable digital asset in the country and , in the case of the us , possibly the world . 
  lt would come under sustained attack from the moment it goes live - eventually it would be breached . 
  even if only a small percentage of the information was compromised , every decision made using that information is potentially compromised . 
  laws might have to be repealed because the voters details may have been unsecured . 
  the us government ca n't even build a working health care website . 
  this would be a disaster . 
   in fact , internet banking proves that such systems are secure in practice . 
  while there are sometimes issues with security , in the big picture they are quite negligible . 
  for banking they are negligible , but for voting they would n't be . 
  the system would need to be 100 % secure 100 % of the time for it to be fit for the purpose of deciding on legislation which could directly effect the lives of millions of people and , in my opinion , that just is n't possible . 
  hell 's angels ? 
  flying tigers ? 
  seems like these guys are hogging all the cool nicknames . 
  i remember spending days learning the bass intro to this when i was a kid and playing it in my first band . 
  never ever gets old , 
  neeson smashed it as bad cop/good cop in the lego movie as well , he really does have comedy chops !, 
  editing tasters for a format market . 
  meetings about a corporate shoot . 
  writing script reports . 
  developing a web series . 
  producing a short . 
  got ta pay the mortgage ... 
  script reading / writing script reports is something you can do in the evening / on the road . 
  if you have a degree in film you should be well enough qualified . 
  hit up some broadcasters , funding bodies , agencies to see if they need readers . 
  you 'll probably have to do one for free as a trial first . 
  obviously what the police are doing is horrific , but it looks like some of those heartbreaking photos are also of dead cops . 
  i like bb bomb , from taiwan . 
  i met mine through a film making club at university . 
  he was running the club , i auditioned for a role in a film they were making . 
  if you 're interested on doing this kind of work on the side it might be worth contacting some organizations anyway and offer to do a trial . 
  qubsu has been little more than the retail arm of the university for years , unfortunately . 
  ever since the uni footed the massive refurbishment bill . 
  henry does seem to be wearing the same jacket ... 
  we may need some consensus on what belongs here and what belongs in / r/northernireland as well . 
  would be great to see this become a more active sub though !, 
  blocked in my region but sounds promising !, 
  will have a google . 
  fear of the duck ? 
  jimmy, 
  or the entire class about scott summers being a pansy ... 
  to be honest , most of the scripts i read are in my capacity as a screenwriting nerd . 
  i 've only started working as a script reader very recently - another reason why this whole thing seemed like such a startling coincidence . 
  in a professional capacity , i can read a 90 page script in a couple of hours and , depending on how complex it is , i can write my coverage of it in another three to four hours . 
  so one report is a fairly relaxed days work or i can squeeze in two if i read the script the night before . 
  i dunno ... writing some tongue-in-cheek script coverage is one thing , but leaking the guy 's work on to the big bad internet seems like a dick move . 
  i understand your skepticism and believe me i had no intention of reading the whole thing when it was sent to me but i got sucked in !, 
  as you can see from the other comments i have no intention of sending the full script to anyone , which i imagine would defeat the purpose of promoting my own script . 
  i do n't know if `` racist , homophobic and scatological '' is how i would describe my own work if i was trying to promote it ... 
  also , i 'm very new to script reading as a profession ( i 've only prepared 2 reports for my clients ) and my enthusiasm has n't quite worn off yet !, 
  the stoners carry him for a bit near the start . 
  later he flies with his telepathic powers . 
  i read produced and unproduced scripts for fun and research , like ( i assume ) most writers do . 
  i regularly give script notes to other writers that i know / work with . 
  i read the scripts of the shows and films that i work on as crew and i read the scripts that my clients send me . 
  one of the reviews on imdb describes it as :, 
  `` one of the best , and most important films to come out in my lifetime . 
  see it . '', 
  - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0069946/reviews?ref_=tt_urv, 
  okay , i 'm convinced . 
  i hereby declare this dolphin week in the hart household - i shall seek out this movie !, 
  it definitely is n't any of the games ... 
  sounds like it might be the novel [ aliens : cauldron ? 
  ] ( http://www.darkhorse.com/books/13-745/aliens-cauldron-novel ), 
  i 'm based in belfast , northern ireland . 
  if kevin connolly suddenly decides he wants to take a meeting with me it 's not like i can just drop # 2000 on return flights to la , or wherever . 
  i probably would n't take the piss out of his back catalogue quite as much in my script report ... 
  i assume he 's just email blasting it to anyone and everyone he can think of then . 
  i ca n't believe that people ( other than idiots with too much free time on their hands like me ) are actually reading it - it literally has no ending !, 
  i agree with this 100 % . 
  just looked over my current script , i 'm at the end of act 2 and i 've only broken it once !, 
  just finished the 1st draft of my drama pilot so this is great , cheers . 
  i have n't been keeping up with new avengers ... is luke cage white now ? 
  reminds me of this :, 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/heil_honey_i'm_home !, 
  i ** love ** that porter !, 
  especially since russell sums it all up there in the first 45 seconds of that video . 
  saves money and time !,
