  this qualifies . 
  i know , right ? 
  `` spainians '' or `` spanishes '' sounds so much better ... 
  yeah i 'd like to know more about that ... 
  if they want to fim that in belfast too , count me in , 
  i really just read whatever i get sent by my clients . 
  mostly feature film ( of all genres ) but have read a lot of tv in the past ( less so these days ) some novels and even a couple of documentary pitches . 
  i 'm a script coordinator/editor/reader ( freelance so not always the same role ) and although it takes up a lot of my time i get paid to read a lot of scripts and ( when i 'm reading / editing ) analyze them . 
  this balance of working on professionally produced scripts ( when coordinating/assisting/editing ) and a lot of garbage ( when script reading - there have been some gems though ) has really focused my own writing over the last couple of years . 
  also if i have final draft open on my laptop it looks like i 'm doing work , so ... 
  i respect that you waited until the weekend to post this . 
  solely reading for a living would be pretty difficult . 
  based on the rates here in the uk you 'd have to be reading and reporting on 2 feature scripts every day to make any kind of decent wage . 
  even if you had enough clients to reliably get that number of scripts , reading 200 odd pages and writing 3000 - 5000 words per day would probably get old pretty fast . 
  for me , it 's a little extra money to keep me going between productions and hopefully something good for my cv as i try to get more script editing work but ultimately it 's something i do to help make me a better writer . 
  i applied for a bbc script editing course and got on it ... asked the exec running the course if they needed readers . 
  she said they did , i did maybe 6 or 7 reports for them then they hired a trainee script editor and that sort of dried up ... 
  my other main client is northern ireland screen . 
  they advertised on their website for readers , i applied , got sent on a training day for them and have since done around 15 reports for them in the last year . 
  i 've had a few other private clients that i 've met through reddit and other industry sources but at the mo nis are my main source of scripts . 
  pm me if you 're interested and i 'll book you in . 
   say 's, 
  i like that you faithfully recreated the tele 's abysmal editing . 
  my boss is mates with her . 
  apparently she 's all about the nutribullet these days . 
  cheapest way to sort this shit out :, 
  shimano pd-m520 pedals, 
  shimono ct-40 shoes, 
  i snagged both for around # 50 in the jan sales last year and have never looked back . 
  the ct40s arent the sexiest shoes going but they 're dead on for the price . 
  at this point , i 'm too afraid to ask . 
  i see it as a tribute to christo , the artist . 
  haha my boss is n't from here . 
  nothing special , b.a. 
  in film studies & english literature . 
  took screenwriting modules from both departments . 
  good luck !, 
  script reading is a relatively entry level gig ( if you do a trial and display an aptitude ) and is definitely a valuable tool for developing your own writing . 
  it 's something you can do remotely and in your spare time so there 's no harm in reaching out to lit agencies , production companies , etc if that 's something you 're interested in . 
  north belfast buy and sell is a deep dark window in to the human soul . 
  not condoning this argument but my understanding of the thinking is that they get the scheme in first , people use it , drivers become used to more bikes on the road in the city centre , cycling in the city centre becomes more safe as a result . 
  as numbers of public hire / other cyclists increase , infrastructure spending will then be more justifiable . 
  it 's ass backwards for sure but they point to dublin as an example where this apparently worked . 
  wish i could remember where i read this ... will have a dig around . 
  yeah i 'm sure it is a pisstake but [ the stand on stewart street was inactive on day 1 due to vandalism ] ( http://www.belfastlive.co.uk/news/belfast-news/vandal-damage-puts-one-belfast-9131020 ) ... 
  i cycle around the city centre a lot and i agree that the infrastructure is pretty poor ... especially with the waterfront path being closed for seemingly forever . 
  try to buy it and find out !, 
  somehow , he 'll still get death threats for this . 
  so proud to be from northern ireland right now ... 
  he would have been a great addition to the daredevil/alias/luke cage tv world maybe . 
  if they could afford renner for netflix ... 
  exactly that . 
  they just launched a few days ago . 
  he 'd be labelling the floor with his teeth if he ever found himself going toe to toe with one . 
  ... which they almost certainly will ? 
  since you 're omagh based , do yourself a favour and check out as much of the west / north west as possible . 
  the sperrins , the inishowen peeninsula , the fermanagh lakes ... 
  edit : what the hell are you doing in omagh anyways ? 
  haha yeah , you 'll notice that my advice basically amounted to `` go do stuff outside of omagh '' . 
  it 's alright like ... 
  folk & transport museum is nicer , 
  is the regulation that the pilots have to be able to see a flight plan ? 
  that seems like a pretty important one ... 
  most oniony line within :, 
   the flight had to return to the gate to access a wi-fi connection to fix the issue . 
   [ serge gojkovich ] tweeted that his san francisco-to-los angeles flight was only able to get airborne after the crew had printed off the maps they needed . 
  hope you 're connecting through arcturia . 
  ca n't believe you bought a house just to use for warhammer 40k ... 
  at least you can get some of that arcturian poontang . 
  does n't matter if it 's arcturian , baby \u0ca0 \u203f \u0ca0, 
  does anyone remember when he came back from injury and it looked like he had n't cut his hair or beard since he was carried off the field 6 months earlier ? 
  edit : [ what year is it ? 
  who 's the president ? 
  anybody got the text of the nigel dodds leaflet ? 
  mine is in the bin ( as are all my other election leaflets ) but there 's some uncomfortable reading in there too ... 
  go to miss moran on church lane and just buy a normal old man pipe . 
  ps : what ever happened to melting a hole in the side of a plastic fanta bottle ? 
  unless it 's rugby matches we 're talking about . 
  he can win those . 
   +1 for the neuromancer reference, 
  our sub motto . 
  he 's disgusted with the pact , not the party , as the headline implies . 
  except for [ that time my house was on fire for about 30 years straight ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles ) . 
  everything 's fine now though ... 
  pretty sure guy is under exclusive contract with c4 at the mo. 
   there has been an extremely poor historical precedent set of the mainland trying to impose its values on ireland . 
  at last count , the majority of people in northern ireland still consider themselves british or northern irish ( as in distinct from irish ) so i do n't think it 's fair to hold northern ireland to different standards than the rest of the kingdom , especially when it comes to universal issues like gender equality . 
   i agree that it should n't do but you ca n't avoid the fact that it does . 
  that 's what we should be protesting about . 
  my father is like the pedometer app i never had ... 
  thanks for posting this guy i freaking love you, 
  day 75 of 75, 
  [ i mean this seal ... ] ( http://i.lvme.me/rxwju3l.jpg ), 
  [ this seal ? 
  ] ( http://i.lvme.me/rxwju3l.jpg ), 
  this is n't going as well as i hoped ... 
  come on home final !!!, 
  pretty sure , under the terms of the gfa , any referendum on a united ireland is an all ireland affair . 
  fewer candidates who have shot people in the head would be a good start . 
  some form of attempt at cultural compromise would also be good .
