  let that be a lesson ... 
  that 's why there are so many old people in ni ... 
  because they 're called third world ... and they 're all dressed the same . . ? 
  ah fuck you guys ... 
  good to see anime has n't gotten any less insane since i last watched . 
  you 're damn right it 's * used *, 
  fuck this i 'm going to go play outside . 
  / comes back inside, 
  wow . 
  haha i used to work on that show . 
  like way behind . 
  it 's a good experience for the families generally , takes a bit of the sting out of a genuinely difficult decision . 
  still hurts . 
  iirc the ref was overheard calling it as flat after the try . 
  that happenned to me last time and you guys done fucked it up . 
  i wont support him until he promises miniature american flags for others . 
  i do n't want to get too in to this because i use my real name on here but they do n't send anyone over if they are n't seriously considering the move ( and are eligible for the necessary visas etc ) not only because they dont want to waste license fee money but also because if the families are n't invested in the decision then it makes for crap tv . 
  i do n't think it 's spilling a trade secret to say that conflict is the heart of drama so generally they aim to cast families that are genuinely torn . 
  the ones that say theyre going to go often dont and vice versa , you have to watch the revisited episodes to find out for sure , 
  i understand he was having a little trouble with the government ... 
  someone needs to do this for the northern parties . 
  scorpio can stay , obvs . 
  same goes for greenland . 
  you can try and bribe the guards on the train to do a bit of `` defragging '' in the compartments . 
  worked for us in vietnam . 
  enjoy harbin , i do miss it at this time of year ... 
  i 'm secretely hoping this is my old landlord in wembley . 
  [ crc have some . 
  ] ( http://www.chainreactioncycles.com/continental-ultra-sport-road-bike-tyre/rp-prod18802 ), 
  to suck me in a bit more i 'd like to know alan 's reaction to being chased before he picks up the rock ... is he terrified , calm ... what ? 
  scene direction is a blueprint for the actors as well as the crew and character direction can also help the reader empathise with the characters . 
  it 's a fine line though , as you say . 
  you ca n't put something on the page that wo n't translate to the screen . 
  the cut before the bridge is a bit ropey ? 
  4 ) john hume giving the jazz hands while being detained by the army . 
  legend . 
  he seemed fine . 
  i should tell you , i pretend not to know what a potato is . 
  be excellent to each other . 
  on april 18th , 1930 , the bbc famously informed listeners : `` good evening . 
  today is good friday . 
  there is no news . '', 
  welcome to my world, 
  i 've read gibson 's , it 's pretty good . 
  alien isolation reminded me of it a bit , with the space station setting and all that . 
  three hours later the janitor finds you hiding in a cabinet . 
   ... balloon convention ? 
  [.com ] ( http://www.balloonconvention.com/ ), 
  [ then you grow up to be a serial killer . 
  ] ( http://grantland.com/hollywood-prospectus/did-kevin-from-home-alone-grow-up-to-be-jigsaw-a-deadly-serious-investigation/ ), 
  let 's see if i can improve on second last this year ... 
  i went to a wedding at brownlow house once ( first one they ever had i think ) and it had irish dancers as part of the entertainment ... 
  ian holm , not martin freeman . 
  membership of a proscribed organisation was maybe abused a bit in ni as a means of arresting/interning people . 
  i think their hearts are in the right place but it exposes how naive they are when it comes to policy . 
  pinch points are reminders of the key conflict in your story . 
  syd field suggests 3 pinch poits , 1 half way through 2a , one halfway through 2b and a 3rd at the end of act 2 that is something like an all is lost moment . 
  there 's actually a pretty good breakdown of it on [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/screenwriting#syd_field.27s_paradigm ) . 
  not sure what you mean by `` response '' and `` attack '' . the point of attack is also known as the inciting incident and comes at the end of your first sequence / partway through act 1 . 
  i used to do that but i would get stuck for weeks , months ... sometimes years at a time trying to figure out how to marry 2 plot points that i had only vaguely sketched out in my head or as part of a log line . 
  now once i 've had the idea , i 'll use a structure worksheet that suits that idea ( i 'm writing an action feature at the mo so i 'm using save the cat ) to bash out all the plot points and character beats so even if i get stuck i can generally write some version of whatever point i 'm stuck on , even if it sucks , and then i can come back to it on the next draft . 
  the story will always change and evolve as i write but it 's so much easier to step back and see what works / does n't work once a full draft is completed . 
  something that i had n't thought about until reading these responses is that in many/most chases the protagonists are doing the chasing ... in my thing they 're being chased . 
  i did a bit of brain scratching and came up with terminator 2 and jurassic park as good examples of protagonists on the run . 
  [ rein in your surprise . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/screenwriting/comments/2tsbu7/question_good_examples_of_chase_sequences/co23nkz ), 
  this face is near constant whenever you 're used to playing as support but all the slots are taken and all the other guns have tiny clips by comparison . 
  absolutely brilliant video but that ringlight reflection in his glasses ... 
  would certainly make my life easier . 
  he was the inspiration for * hackers * . 
  rpk has more stopping power per round and is a much better support weapon for offense . 
  you have a good mg for suppressing fire / overwatch that can fire accurately on single-shot when moving up to the next op . 
  the 249 accuracy is garbage unless it 's on the bipod . 
  as others have said ap is more affordable for insurgents so i generally find rpk to be more effective round per round . 
  rule number 1 , always upvote bill paxton . 
  nyt editor : come on dave , you ca n't submit an article to the travel section if it 's only two words long . 
  what the hell does `` get blocked '' even mean , anyway ? 
  ireland would be very difficult to hold for russia , strategically if they have not already defeated the main european nato powers . 
  if they were to try and use ireland as some kind of european staging ground , they would be surrounded by the uk to the north and east , france and spain to the south and the us and canada to the west . 
  supply routes by sea and air would be crawling with nato forces so any russian invasion of ireland in that scenario would be very difficult to maintain . 
  if , somehow , russia did march across europe defeating everyone in their path it 's unlikely that anything a country the size of ireland could do to help would make much difference . 
  the better option would be to maintain neutrality and avoid a potentially devastating war on irish soil . 
  still do n't see how they could hope to resupply a force based in ireland with the full strength of nato 's air forces and fleets interdicting the skies and sea from finland to dublin . 
  lots of good advice and strategies listed here already but i just want to add :, 
  screenwriting is fucking hard . 
  coming up with the idea and the characters and the world is the fun bit . 
  you 're the designer designing a cool car . 
  you draw the sexy lines , think about the sweet paintjob , imagine the kick-ass sound system ... 
  then you open final draft . 
  suddenly you 're not the designer anymore . 
  you 're the mechanic . 
  you have to figure out how all this shit is supposed to work . 
  by the time you get to page 40 or so your transaxel is connected to your flux capacitor and you have no idea how to fix it . 
  so yeah follow whatever advice on this thread makes sense to you but just remember that there 's no magic bullet here . 
  it sounds like you spend a lot of time developing ideas and not enough time implementing . 
  keep practicing your implementation - do n't give up !, 
  ... and troops , and fuel and food and vehicles . 
  most of which would actually be difficult to transport by air . 
  even so , it 's not just the finnish air force they would be contending with but the combined force of [ allied air command ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allied_air_command ) which has the eastern approaches to europe pretty well sown up . 
  if i registered for those last local elections am i still sweet like ?
