  if you 've been contacting people literally for years and nobody has even offered you an unpaid running gig then the problem is almost certainly with you , not them . 
  as for abbie spallen 's comments , i 'm sorry to hear that that 's her experience . 
  she is , however , one of only a handful of people to have had an * entire feature film * commissioned and 100 % funded by ni screen ( which i worked on ) so it 's unfair to say that she has n't had any support at home . 
  there are professional tv writers working here , just as there are in glasgow and birmingham . 
  living in london certainly is n't a prerequisite . 
  in fact as london gets [ more expensive and less creative ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/men/thinking-man/10744997/cool-london-is-dead-and-the-rich-kids-are-to-blame.html ) , why bother ? 
  the grim reality is that [ all industries ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2013/11/surviving-post-employment-economy-201311373243740811.html#.ungqgiwmaae.facebook ) , not just creative industries ( [ though us too ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2013/03/201331116423560886.html ) ) are having the life squeezed out of them . 
  it 's tough out there everywhere , not just here in northern ireland, 
   well , actually , it is a fortress , as even the more successful writers , researchers and producers will openly acknowledge . 
  it 's very competitive , as one would expect from the world 's largest broadcaster , but they do run a lot of training schemes , including csv , which takes job seekers and places on network programmes like the one show and reuinted . 
  i think you get an nvq out of it as well . 
   i applied for aim high , with over a thousand applicants . 
  got to the last 50 , but no cigar . 
  ok , so you did n't get it but the 25 people who did get it since 2011 ( myself included ) are now well on their way to viable careers in the industry . 
  it was very competitive and a lot of the successful applicants ( not including myself ) had been through the csv training scheme first , maybe that 's something you could look at ? 
  just because you were n't successful does n't make the scheme any less valid . 
   i have done that . 
  it never really went anywhere . 
  people largely seem to not want to be bothered with queries . 
  no one is looking for under-experienced workers . 
  if you have zero experience in the industry then go out and make something yourself . 
  it 's 2014 , everyone has a hd camera in their pocket . 
  take some initiative , write direct and produce something of your own . 
  if you have something you can show people then they 're more likely to take notice . 
   where ? 
  i 've never once seen such a job promoted anywhere . 
  as for general bbc applications , you 're up against 1000 other people for 8 spots . 
  so , again , not exactly a booming industry . 
  ni screen advertised a script reading job last december and i think they hired maybe 10 of us in total . 
  i had zero professional script reading experience when i applied . 
  just because an industry is competitive does n't mean it is n't booming . 
   seems like a bit of a presumptious , catty response . 
  i 'd like to assure you that you 're mistaken , but i do n't think you 'd believe me . 
  even if you are wrong . 
  i 'd wonder what qualifies you to assume such a thing . 
  sorry , that did come across a bit catty . 
  all i mean is that dozens of programmes have been made here in the last few years , if you really have approached all of them and nobody has offered you even one day running then it seems very possible that there is something wrong with your approach . 
   she received support after leaving , finding success and then returning . 
  her comments about cronyism are entirely valid . 
  it seems like this criticism is directed more at the theatre industry and i ca n't really speak to that . 
  writers like abbie have left and found success , others like terry caffola have stayed and found success , that 's all i know . 
   look , all in all i understand that it 's an extremely difficult nut to crack , but unfortunately you do n't seem to acknowledge that despite real attempts , people , not just me , find it extremely difficult to get anywhere . 
  i 100 % agree that it is a tough nut to crack , but this is as much the fault of the nut cracker as it is the nut . 
  again , just because an industry is competitive does n't mean it is n't booming . 
   to pretend that the industry is doing well , or that its even beginning to be a viable career is simply untrue , regardless of your personal , extremely fortunate circumstances . 
  nobody is pretending that the industry is doing well , it just is . 
  game of thrones was estimated to have brought # 43 million to the local economy in 2012 , up to # 80 million by 2014 . 
  bbc ni and local indies are regularly contributing to uk network content and entertainment formats by local companies like green inc and wild rover are being picked up internationally . 
  the people who work for all these companies have viable careers . 
  there has been focused investment in the media as well as it sectors here and both seem to be doing well as a result . 
  one is smaller than the other , but that 's how it is everywhere outside of hollywood . 
  i may be lucky , as you say , but i made my own luck . 
  i worked part time in a shop for years on top of 12 hour shoot days when i was starting out . 
  i taught english in china to broaden my cv . 
  i spent as many spare minutes as i could writing , playing with cameras , making short films and reading everything i could about the industry , figuring out who to contact and how best to spend my time . 
  of course not everyone who wants to break in to the industry will , but i can tell you from personal experience that it 's hard work that cracks the nut , not luck . 
   i think it 's a bit of both , really . 
  you need luck to get the first chance . 
  i 've had plays on in the opera house , lyric , mac and crescent . 
  i 've made a short film and i 'm in the process of making another . 
  i have 2 degrees and work full time . 
  the hard work is n't the bit that 's lacking !, 
  sure , but all the time you spend working in it and working in theatre is time you 're * not * spending trying to get a job in film or tv . 
  the 19 year old on the dole has the freedom to take a meeting with a production company on a wednesday afternoon and can potentially turn out at least one short film a week if they put their mind to it . 
  if you 're interested in working in tv production , focus on getting a job in that . 
  if you 're interested in being a playwright focus on that instead but do n't expect someone to give you a job in the former just because you 've got experience in the latter . 
   i should have applied for that script-reader role on ni screen , but it asked for tv experience . 
  probably would have had a chance . 
  if you are n't even applying for the jobs that * are * actually advertised ... 
  nothing about your scenario is specific to ni as far as i can tell and my original point was that the industry here is doing , in my * exact words * `` not too badly '' . 
  the fact that one of the ** world 's ** most popular tv dramas is made here surely qualifies as `` not too bad '' but here 's a list of other programmes made here recently , literally just off the top off my head , no google :, 
  line of duty ,, 
  the fall ,, 
  wipers times ,, 
  blandings ,, 
  6degrees ,, 
  scup ,, 
  monumental ,, 
  the blame game ,, 
  wanted down under ,, 
  real lives reunited ,, 
  dara o'briain 's school of hard sums ,, 
  the many faces of ... ,, 
  4thought ,, 
  at your service ,, 
  farm fixer ,, 
  how jaws changed the world ,, 
  traffic blues ,, 
  ultimate weapons ,, 
  the 1952 show ,, 
  out of the blue ,, 
  points of view ,, 
  sketchy ,, 
  school run ,, 
  the afternoon show ,, 
  true north ,, 
  dig world war 2 with dan snow . 
  and that does n't even include any of the feature films ( hunger , starred up etc. . . ) if that does n't count as `` not too badly '' for a tiny country of 1.8 million people who sometimes bring their capital city to a standstill over ridiculous bullshit like a flag and occasionally try to blow each other up then i think your standards might be too high . 
  i 'm not making any assumptions . 
  you said you saw a script reading job you thought you were qualified for ( despite earlier claiming that you never saw jobs like that advertised ) and you did n't even apply for it .
