  my understanding ( from attending writer 's room events and the like ) is that they are in the business of developing writers rather than specific pieces of writing . 
  my thing is an action-packed historical drama , which would be as expensive as any uk tv sci-fi , if not more so . 
  incidentally , costume dramas are also pretty expensive . 
  i imagine so but as i said to / u/jacobsontor i think they are in the business of developing writers rather than specific pieces of writing . 
  they have some success stories on the site :, 
  the writer 's room is definitely your one stop shop for uk writing resources . 
  they have an excellent library of uk scripts you can read for free to familiarise yourself with uk formatting , style etc. 
  cheers !, 
  it 's good to have deadlines to get you motivated and as far as i can tell there 's nothing stopping you resubmitting it next time after another few drafts ... did they give you any sort of feedback on your first 10 pages ? 
  belfast is getting one too , apparently . 
  then do n't call it a prison !, 
  like someone already said in this thread : `` open prison '' is a contradiction in terms . 
  i do n't owe no fascists no explanation, 
  / r/britishsuccess, 
  i got stranded for almost an hour trying to patch a tube over an existing patch on sunday ( usually i would replace the tube in this case but managed to forget my spanner and lifted the wrong size spare tube ... ) then i read about this guy fucking fiberglassing his bike back together somewhere in the himalayas ? 
  i am not worthy ... 
  do i need to sign up for scribd in order to read this ? 
  thanks for posting this . 
  so many slf songs still give me chills when i listen to them and , with belfast sliding back in to tribalism and a wave of racist attacks , these lyrics are as relevant now as they were in 1979 :, 
   so please do n't just sit there let 's try to break out, 
   from all the hatred suspicion and doubt, 
   try to change your life that is no life at all, 
   try to break down the imaginary wall, 
   and if you could n't be bothered, 
  well then , my friend , you 'll fall, 
   and spend all the rest of your life, 
  in this emergency, 
  you 're looking for something but what could it be ? 
  you look for a hero well do n't look at me, 
  you look for solutions but there 's none you can find, 
  you believe in something that 's only in your mind, 
  you 're looking around you, 
  but hate has made you blind, 
  and you 've spent the last ten years of your life, 
  in this emergency, 
  so please do n't just sit there let 's try to break out, 
  from all the hatred suspicion and doubt, 
  try to change your life that is no life at all, 
  try to break down the imaginary wall, 
  and if you could n't be bothered, 
  well then , my friend , you 'll fall, 
  and spend all the rest of your life, 
  in this emergency, 
  well true - it definitely has relevance beyond our borders but i think it 's worth noting that a song written about ni in 1979 still holds relevance for us today . 
  i fucking would be - maybe because i actually come from ireland ... 
   whatever the hell people do in ni, 
  lived here my whole life and still trying to figure that one out . 
  ... he knows the usa are in the world cup too , right . . ? 
  i get that . 
  i was cheering for usa myself last night . 
  seconded !, 
  also , it technically is n't an island . 
  the uk shares a land border with the republic of ireland . 
  absolutely , though jersey is n't actually part of the united kingdom , it 's a crown dependency . 
  it is n't even technically part of the eu . 
  i generally write to the budget i know i can achieve for a project if it 's something that i am actually going to produce ( rather than a portfolio / spec thing ) ... anything else is generally a waste of time . 
  i feel that as a writer/producer this gives me more scope to be creative in a realistic / achievable way , using robert rodriguez 's method of shooting with what you have . 
  so for example , i want to write a revenge thriller , but the only location i have access to is a sandwich shop - can i write a revenge thriller set entirely in a sandwich shop ? 
  only one way to find out !, 
  that guy that wonder woman is slapping looks like he has no idea who the hell that crazy bitch even is . 
  having had some experience of bbc r&d hijinks before , i doubt this is a hack but rather a test that accidentally got out in to the wild . 
  it 's more anti-loyalist than anti-unionist i would say . 
  reddit ( and the wider internet ) is generally quite left-leaning , critical of the sort of right wing nutcases and religious fundamentalists that make-up loyalism . 
  unionist politicians primarily come under fire here for pandering to these pricks instead of actually representing sane-minded unionists like / u/narchy and others . 
  got my vote !, 
  though i think andrew w.k. 
  is already the leader of the party party ... 
   negative attitude toward unionism does not automatically mean that they are nationalists . 
  this . 
   irish nationalism is by definition anti-unionism, 
  that 's an interesting point ... 
  in that sense i would identify myself culturally as irish but not necessarily as an irish nationalist . 
  in my view , there are many positive things about the union , but many negative things associated with unionist culture ... is it possible to have one without the other ? 
   many people here have bought into the idea that all ( or most ) protestant/unionist/loyalists are violent , uneducated , anti-catholic knuckle-draggers whose culture is so clearly inferior to the ancient celtic/catholic/irish culture . 
  if anything , this discussion has unearthed a lot of users here who are pro union or ( like myself ) at least fairly ambivalent about it and who feel let down or embarrassed by unionist politicians who constantly pander to the violent , uneducated , anti-catholic knuckle-draggers that you mention . 
  i agree with / u/borderboy -_- that the idea that we in ni have any sort of voice internationally as part of the uk is a fantasy , and as he rightly says , `` the uk '' in an international economic context often just means `` london '' . 
  for me , my main concerns regarding departure from the uk would be the loss of two of the greatest public services ever created anywhere on earth : the nhs and the bbc . 
  though if the tories continue the way the do , maybe that wont be such an issue in a few years time ... 
  one of them has died :(, 
  sounds like we 're thinking along very similar lines . 
   i could never identify myself as british in any way, 
  this is another interesting point , and i feel similarly , but it did get me thinking about elements of uk culture ( which i think is overlooked , and often considered to simply be `` british culture '' ) that i do identify with - our part in defeating fascism during ww2 , for example . 
  it 's these kind of discussions that give me hope for this place !, 
  so ... your ultimate *** deal maker *** . . ? 
  that is the post i was referring to in the subject . 
  what does left wing loyalism look like ? 
  script editor on a tv show . 
  seconding this - the akira books are amazing, 
  surprised that channel zero has n't been mentioned yet . 
  it 's only # 5 on the uk store ... still free money i guess . 
  if the ride is flat then dont bother with a new dereilleur and just go single speed or fixie . 
  will be a cheaper restoration and simpler / cheaper maintenance going forward too !, 
  maybe spend the money on wheels or commuting accessories like a good lock or pannier and bags ? 
  well it sort of depends on what state the bike is in right now but all things being equal , converting to single speed is pretty straightforward . 
  there are some good how to videos on youtube . 
  at this rate i genuinely would n't be surprised if i went on bbc sport today to see that tommy bowe has retired from rugby to play gaa for monaghan and andrew trimble has been eaten by a bear . 
  this was nearly me this morning !, 
  was all clipped in and ready to go when i realised the t-shirt was still sitting on the sofa ... 
  surely at least some east belfast loyalists must now be asking themselves [ this ] ( http://youtu.be/tokcmnre5oy?t=47s ) . 
  this article is pish .
