  let 's say the action moves between 4 rooms in the house - the callsheet should look like this :, 
  loc | sc | set | d/n | pgs | cast / bcgr, 
  1 | 4 | int . 
  living room - day | d1 | 3/8 | 1 , 3 , 6 ( a ), 
  1 | 5 | int . 
  kitchen - day | d1 | 1\u00a01/8 | 2 , 4 ( b ), 
  1 | 6 | int . 
  bedroom - day | d1 | 2/8 | 1 , 4, 
  1 | 7 | int . 
  living room - night | n1 | 4/8 | 3 , 6 ( a ), 
  where as the version you describe would look like :, 
  loc | sc | set | d/n | pgs | cast / bcgr, 
  1 | 4 | int . 
  house - day / night | d1/n1 | 2\u00a02/8 | 1 , 2 , 3 , 6 ( a ) ( b ), 
  this communicates far less information to the crew in terms of which rooms need dressed and lit and when , which cast and background are needed and when . 
  i would also argue that breaking 3 pages of content down in to a half dozen scenes makes it more readable and makes it easier to digest , both as a piece of literature and as a production blueprint . 
  i try to get up the antrim coast when i can . 
  hey , if it 's good enough for the giro d'italia ... 
  well ... having had a parent commit suicide , i can definitely understand a lot of what rollins is saying here . 
  i did feel hurt and betrayed when my mother took her own life but what really made me angry was seeing the effect it had on my father . 
  it 's still really hard for me ( almost 6 years later to the day ) to accept that whatever she was going through was somehow worse than the devastation her death wrought on his life . 
  especially after she had a failed suicide attempt a few weeks before , after which she assured us it was a moment of madness and that she could never do that to us , etc. . . 
  i do n't think my feelings of hurt , anger and betrayal ( or rollin 's opinion on the subject ) are necessarily any less valid than what my mother was feeling when she chose to take her own life and , in the hundreds of thousands of words written about williams ' suicide , rollins ' are the only ones that address this part of the issue - when he chose to take his own life he emotionally devastated the lives of those closest to him . 
  having been on the receiving end of that , it 's good to see someone address it . 
  28 years and counting here . 
  every time i think i 'm out ... 
  paras taking the piss out of the irish ? 
  at least the government never had to apologise for anything u2 did . 
  i wouldnt bother with that old peugot unless it 's been seriously upgraded, 
  it 's hard to tell if theyre good value or not without knowing what components are on them and what state theyre in . 
  i have a bike based on the trek 2300 frameset and i like it a lot . 
  if its a 105 groupset in decent nick then i would recommend it . 
  i have raceblades and a beam post on mine for commuting so dont feel constrained by lack of mounts . 
  hearing him pretend to know/care about football is worse . 
  where i 'm from ( uk/irl ) the stereotype is that bmw drivers are the worst and in my experience ... they are . 
  / r/bikecommuting too !, 
  i do n't understand how simply placing your foot on the ground could cause enough force to make you `` bounce '' are you still moving when you put your foot down . . ? 
  how close is your bar to bankruptcy ? 
  why all my fucking media has unlinked again . 
  definitely do n't rely on translink , for a start . 
  i used to ride a semi-automatic 125cc scooter from north belfast to lurgan and holywood on a fairly regular basis and loved it . 
  just make sure you have decent wet weather gear . 
  if you have to pass through the city centre during rush hour a scooter is the way to go . 
  you can use the bus lanes to skip most of the traffic and it 's obviously much cheaper than running a car . 
  dialogue should always do 2 of these 3 things : reveal character , advance the plot or be funny . 
  i dunno if i 'd go from belfast to craigavon on a 50cc ... you 'll have to do a compulsory basic training course ( approx . 
  1 day and # 100 ) to ride a 125 with l plates on but i would say it 's worth it . 
  upvoting for `` turnt '' . 
  if this whole independence thing goes down at least you 'll fit right in in east belfast . 
  first time i did a 30 + ride i had a similar experience ( minus the panic attack ) your body will get used to it . 
  alcohol is more heavily taxed here for a start but in saying that , most 330ml bottles of craft beer near me ( in belfast ) are under # 3 . 
  same thing happened to me years ago . 
  i did n't notice , it was downhill to my house , it was dark ... pretty scary all round . 
  sent , 
  is that even possible . . ? 
  central library on royal avenue is good . 
  i hope you proof read your cv more carefully than your reddit posts ... 
  it 's a design that 's kind of specific to bmw ( inspired by old motorbike frames perhaps ) as far as i 've seen but it 's a mtb style frame which would n't be my area of expertise ... 
  if that 's where the toilet is going to live then the door needs rehung anyway ... my bathroom is about that size and the door opens out in to the hall for this very reason . 
  my car still has a tape deck so no digital radio for me :(, 
  keep riding regularly and eating right and you 'll be breaking 10 miles no problem in a couple of weeks . 
  the new cube elites have a similar look ... 
  the only people who say stuff like that are people who have never been bombed . 
  ... dodgeball ? 
  i also read scripts for a local film commission that funds a lot of shorts . 
  how long is the script ? 
  that 's a pretty long commute if you are n't used to riding regularly - maybe ride it on a day off to see how it feels first ? 
  also if you 're riding that distance on road on a mtb you might want to think about thinner / slicker tyres than your bike may currently be rocking . 
  you 'll also want to think about things like a repair kit . 
  spare tubes , pannier rack , bag ( s ) , lights , clothing ... this thread will likely fill up with advice on all these things but if it does n't i 'll come back in the morning when i 'm not on mobile . 
  tell your producer i 'll do a set of notes for say , # 25 . 
  i can send over a cv as well . 
  dm me with the details if you 're interested . 
  citybus is a fuckin warzone , always has been . 
  i remember someone ripping up a seat and taking it off the bus with them on the old number 51 . 
  because ballyduff , that 's why . 
  at our home ground silence for all place kicks is the norm - and that 's for pros . 
  +1 for the john hewitt, 
  nearest is probably on the lower ormeau . 
  not that i know of ... it 's just a gang of eastern europeans on a plot of waste ground but they will wash the shit out of your car . 
  yeah on that side but a bit further up , between mclure st and university street i think . 
  hangover drive from ballinamallard to belfast . 
  yikes , i wonder if anyone has pointed that out to him . 
  ( the plates , not that he 's pakistani ... ), 
  to be fair , i would n't have the balls to live on the shankill and i 'm white . 
  do n't forget you can salvage the pedal itself from the crank arm . 
  if you do n't have a pedal spanner , a small 15mm or adjustable spanner will sometimes do in a pinch . 
  if i 'm sober enough to manage the see.sense motion gestures then i 'm sober enough to ride . 
  interesting thoughts , but my criteria for what makes a film `` deep '' would be almost the opposite of yours it seems . 
  for example in prometheus everyone stands around talking about creation and religion . 
  these themes are on the surface - text rather than subtext - not what i would consider `` deep '' . 
  in alien , the characters spend the whole time dealing with the situation at hand while the psycho-sexual imagery and themes of class and gender politics play out underneath the story , subtext rather than text - therefore `` deeper '' . 
  same goes for aliens . 
  it 's a kick ass action movie , but at its heart its about how scary it is to be a parent . 
  thank god ripley never stops and says `` hey , i 'm pretty bummed about my daughter being dead and me missing her entire life ... 
  i ` ma save you newt ! '', 
  ripley comes out and says `` you do n't see them fucking each other over for a goddamn percentage '' so the theme of corporate irresponsibility and profit before people - basically paul reiser 's whole reason for being in the film - is very overt . 
  alien resurrection is a mess of a film , but just because no character ever directly addresses the commodification of human life ( and women in particular ) does n't mean it is n't present as a theme in the film . 
  i do n't understand why `` let 's get out of here '' is shallow and `` let 's stick around and investigate '' is deep . 
  i work in script development and if i read a script where everyone spends the first two acts openly discussing the themes of the film it would get a hard pass , no matter how much goo and slime was saved for act 3 .
