  if you 're just starting out , writing mostly for your own enjoyment , honing your craft or even writing a short or two for production then fade in , writer duet , etc is fine ... 
  if you 're at / getting to the point where you 're taking paid work , writing for production , delivering scripts to producers / script editors etc then final draft is industry standard and will be invaluable when you 're bouncing scripts back and forth , locking pages , doing coloured revisions etc. 
  forget it then . 
  i 'll just stay in and eat pies . 
  much ... better ... 
  this kind of asshole probably calls football soccer and gaa football . 
  ( not saying he is an asshole because of that ... just that he is one and that that is probably what he means ), 
  good luck to anyone submitting ... 
  i 'm waiting for drama again this year !, 
  how people on the internet in different countries react to something like this is actually very interesting and if the beeb ignored it they would be accused of being stuffy and old-fashioned . 
  damned if you do ... 
  * cool story bro but i 'm actually trying to shoot this documentary about birds ... *, 
   the napolian complexe, 
  could tell by reading it that it was a daily mail headline . 
  28 , male , representing the lost city of belfast . 
  work mostly in film & tv . 
  play video games and ride bikes whenever possible . 
  trainspotting in the navy , that 's some advanced level shit . 
  any idea where in china ? 
  i briefly lived in harbin . 
  arrived in february for the tail end of the ice fest and stayed to july so got a sense of both seasons , from -20 on arrival to +30 by the time i left . 
  it 's an interesting place and well worth checking out . 
  bit of a shlep from ningbo though !, 
  aye - the whole main street was like one big beer garden . 
  good times !, 
  nice one - good luck with it !, 
  workin . 
  i was going to get offended by this but tbh i ca n't be arsed . 
  as st carling 's day is just a free promotion for fray bentos & the edl . 
  edit : ah lads , it 's just a bit of banter like . 
  spose , we just have a welshman who bullied some snakes . 
  so is rugby , but we ( the irish ) had a good celebration after the 6 nations last year nonetheless , 
  some of their activity was well dramatized in the recent film * 71 * . 
  yeah for sure ... really well crafted film in terms of how seamlessly it worked all the historical background in to a really tense thriller . 
  i ca n't answer your question but thanks for the heads up on the sale !, 
  yup , submitted to the drama call last year . 
  got down to the last 5 % which meant i got a few paras of feedback . 
  have also had some script editing training from them . 
  found the whole process extremely user friendly and quite rewarding . 
  writers room can do no wrong in my eyes tbh . 
  yeah so as far as i understand it , you can only submit the same script once , no matter how far you get with it . 
  obviously i acted on their notes and submitted to other schemes but nothing has come of it as yet . 
  as i understand it there is no '' # 1 '' . 
  you get `` shortlisted '' ( i got `` longlisted '' ) and shortlisted writers are given opportunities depending on their particular skills . 
  obviously if the script is solid gold then they will consider making it , but more often wr writers go on to work on existing shows like doctors and eastenders at first to learn and hone the craft . 
  edit : [ i posted about it at the time and the thread may have some more insight for you . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/screenwriting/comments/27qh2o/my_experience_of_the_bbc_writers_room_recent_call/ ), 
  how did it go ? 
  did you get any work out of it ? 
  did you get signed ? 
  seriously though , i hope she 's okay . 
  if they were asking extras to use their own cars , what are the chances they were even insured as action vehicles ? 
  low i would imagine . 
  yep i have some driving duties on a uk shoot right now and i do n't have special insurance ( i do n't transport cast/crew/kit ) . 
  driving a supporting artist from set to base would maybe count as business use but as it was her car that was being driven ... who knows ? 
  car insurance works differently in the uk vs us anyway i think . 
  your comment just made me realise that having the extras driving their own vehicles in shot was also probably dodgy in the first place . 
  hit him up on twitter !, 
  he 'd love to hear it i 'm sure . 
  lenny turtletaub is gon na be so pissed ... 
  [ homeless , unemployed , and surviving on bitcoins ] ( http://www.wired.com/2013/09/bitcoin-homeless/ ), 
  i know we 're passed caring about this probably now but this insurance doc came across my desk today :, 
   motor insurance -- action vehicles, 
   we can cover vehicles driven ` in vision ' and approve the drivers subject to the information being received, 
   and approved prior the vehicle being used . 
   the cover provided is for in vision use and travelling to and from the filming location only . 
  the cover, 
   provided is for use whilst in the uk & for uk registered vehicles taken to european destinations . 
  when, 
   hiring vehicles abroad , please ensure that you arrange insurance with the hire company at the time of, 
   hire . 
   notes, 
   any company engaged to provide vehicles and/or drivers , whether in vision or otherwise , is, 
   required to hold appropriate liability insurance for when its personnel are driving vehicles . 
  the, 
   personnel of that company can not be covered under the [ broadcasters ] 's insurance arrangements except, 
   where they are individually directly contracted by the production for specific driving tasks . 
   information required, 
   please supply the production insurance centre with ;, 
   \u2022 details of the vehicle ( i.e. 
  make , model , registration ), 
   \u2022 dates of hire, 
   \u2022 a completed driver declaration form for the drivers . 
   exclusions, 
   \u2022 cover can not be extended for general production travel purposes or for use of the vehicle by the, 
   production team members in their own time . 
   \u2022 we can not provide cover for vehicles that are owned by production staff , except where the vehicle is, 
   driven in vision by an authorised driver other than the owner . 
   \u2022 cover is not provided in respect of theft of or damage to any personal items belonging to members, 
   of the production team whilst in the vehicle . 
   \u2022 there is no cover for ` social domestic and pleasure ' use of vehicles . 
  so seems like ( in the uk at least ) it 's not just a matter of an sa turning up with their car and driving it in vision . 
  or it 's not meant to be anyway ... 
  [ i still have to walk past this on my way home most days ... ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/97924400@n00/4380633252/ ), 
  does n't account for the 300 odd people killed by the british army in northern ireland . 
  glad you enjoyed your time with us , 
  well no , did the us army kill any us citizens on us soil ? 
  the british army were deployed in northern ireland ( which is part of the uk ) to support the police force . 
  they stopped cars , kicked in doors , searched houses , arrested people ... all that friendly stuff cops do . 
  what about them ?
