  of course you can - and by doing so you fall in to the `` non-bigot '' category on the second chart . 
  being a decent human being is more important than being an irish human being or a british human being . 
  it is possible to oppose someone else 's political views without being a bigot , as you rightly say - therefore landing you in to the `` non-bigots '' category . 
  ps - happy cakeday !, 
  good points all - i work in the media myself and generally have quite a high opinion of the local industry . 
  for some reason when i read `` media '' i read `` international media '' and i do think the way ni is portrayed on the likes of cnn and even the most recent ross kemp series leaves a lot to be desired . 
  i had no idea that this guy lives in mexico but if he does , that makes me suspect that it is the international media he is referring to . 
  i think the telegraph has done a lot of good work on the shifting demographics and opinions in ni and obviously these diagrams are a somewhat tongue in cheek over-simplification but i strongly agree with the underlining message : there are more non-bigots than bigots in northern ireland and we should make our voices heard . 
  i have a lot of respect for nick davies and i assume you 're referring to his book flat earth news , which i 'm sorry to say i have n't read but as far as i know nobody at the daily mail has been caught hacking phones ( though it would n't surprise me one bit if they did ) . 
  i did n't mean to post this as an attack on journalists , i posted it to illustrate an idea that i strongly agree with ( mentioned already in another comment ) : being a decent human being is more important than being an irish human being or a british human being . 
  i do , however , agree that i would not be too keen to let this guy carve up my birthday cake ... 
  yeah i 'm with you on that but apparently it 's a matter of some debate . 
  good to see perth coming in at number 3 as well - probably due to the high numbers of norn iron fuckbakes over there . 
  except for the [ balls and erect penis right in the middle ] ( http://imgur.com/ihoy27m ) , it 's great . 
  100 % behind you there !, 
  belfast is relatively cheap compared to the rest of the uk ( hella cheap compared to london ), 
  it 's quite a compact city so is relatively easy to get around by foot/bike ( though public transport services are well below the standard of other uk cities and way below the standard of most australian ones ), 
  social and nightlife is generally good and the bar/restaurant scene is exploding at the moment but since we have religious fundamentalists in government , alcohol service stops at 1 am , with a few not-quite-legal exceptions . 
  people are , far the most part , friendly but at least some of what you 've seen on the news is true . 
  as with any city , there are some areas that you should n't go but in general belfast is a very safe place . 
  if you 're an outdoorsy person at all then the landscape is a great reason for moving to ni . 
  it really is a beautiful country with plenty of walking , hiking , mountain biking , rock climbing , sailing , surfing , kayaking ... you name it , you can do it here as long as you do n't mind getting rained on !, 
  that said , the weather here can be seriously shit at times - but if that gets you down , you probably should n't have moved to the uk at all ... 
  well it 's hard to take issue with `` longest '' - either it is or it is n't . 
  it 's certainly the [ longest training period for any nato infantry unit . 
  ] ( http://web.archive.org/web/20070610163233/http://www.royalnavy.mod.uk/server.php?show=nav.5374 ), 
  most grueling could be determined by the wash-out rate , which is [ apparently around 40 % ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/industry/defence/7711588/am-i-man-enough-for-the-marines.html ) , but not sure how that compares to other units . 
  [ a sketchy about.com article ] ( http://usmilitary.about.com/od/joiningthemilitary/l/blbasicattrit.htm ) puts the u.s marine drop out rate at 11.7 % , however . 
  edit : references . 
  what 's interesting though is that most special forces ( the sas for example ) are recruited from the ranks of existing military units , so the candidates are already fully trained military personnel when they enter selection . 
  no such requirement exists for the royal marines , no military experience is required so they literally take people out of civvy street and turn them in to commandos - hence the long training period and high drop-out rate . 
  well , there goes all my mobile data for the month !, 
  i regret nothing . 
  i hate to be `` that guy '' on troubleshooting forums but i had a similar tire issue a while back ... never figured out what caused it . 
  ended up doing a wheel & tire upgrade anyway and forgot all about it . 
  as in your case , the rim seemed fine to me but i could see a weird bulge in the tire . 
  i only noticed it after a particularly nasty puncture that i picked up during an unscheduled detour on to some mountain bike level terrain ... 
  go out and live an interesting life . 
  it is cold but it is beautiful , and the flavours are divine ... 
  what 's the source of this ? 
  is it really alex ross or is it someone doing ross 's style ? 
  oh yeah , i do that all the time . 
  i read a hauntingly beautiful script , a genuine discovery that will change cinema as we know it . 
  as my tears of joy stain the final page i notice it - right there at the bottom - fade out . 
  who the fuck does this guy think he is !?!?!? 
  pass . 
  [ i would end with this , just so there 's no confusion . 
  ] ( http://i30.photobucket.com/albums/c317/wilsonka1/itsover.jpg ), 
  i had the demo but i did n't understand shit about rugby back then lol . 
  ive got that jonah lomu rugby challenge game on steam now , it 's decent, 
  if you ever get a chance to take even the 1 day red cross first aid course i would highly recommend it - you will feel much more confident intervening in these circumstances . 
  cyberpunk level : advanced . 
  ulster have been using the 3 day long belfast summer to trick springboks in to signing for years . 
  `` i know some of you wanted a christian cross as a logo , and some of you preferred a no-nonsense swastika . 
  i think our graphics guys have come up with something that will please everyone ... '', 
  if everyone who had relatives killed by the ira got on like willie this place would be 1000 times more fucked than it already is . 
  well ... 
   the united nations human rights council has adopted a new resolution , to establish a commission of inquiry on current human rights issues in gaza . 
  ** the motion also calls on all parties to ensure respect for international law . 
   opening an emergency debate at the un human rights council in geneva earlier , navanethem pillay ** also condemned the indiscriminate firing of rockets and mortars by hamas into israel . 
  the inquiry is focusing on israel because it appears israel are committing the most flagrant crimes ( they 're certainly killing the most people ) and as / u/dara17 says , there may be complications sorounding palestine 's status as a non-member of the un without fully recognized state-hood . 
  it 's not like the motion simply ignores hamas 's actions :, 
   pillay also warned that hamas and others were violating international law . 
   `` israeli children , and their parents and other civilians , also have a right to live without the constant fear that a rocket fired from gaza may land on their houses or their schools , killing or injuring them , '' pillay said . 
   `` once again , the principles of distinction and precaution are clearly not being observed during such indiscriminate attacks on civilian areas by hamas and other armed palestinian groups , '' she added . 
   pillay said not abiding by those principles could amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity . 
  * - http://globalnews.ca/news/1469286/un-human-rights-council-approves-inquiry-into-war-crimes-in-gaza/*, 
  an inquiry in to israel 's actions and an inquiry in to hamas 's are n't mutually exclusive either , why not at least get the ball rolling ? 
  i 'm going to open a shop called alter boys - it 'll be a clothing alterations shop specializing in menswear . 
  yeah it 's not like in the dail where there 's a chief whip or anything - i think it 's more to do with traditional diplomatic back-scratching . 
   both sides of this conflict are doing unforgivable acts and really the un should not be taking anyone 's side . 
  i think what pillay 's saying makes it clear that the un is n't taking sides . 
  israel has a responsibility to minimise civilian casualties , no matter where hamas are storing their shit . 
  this is what is supposed to separate a legitimate national armed force from a terrorist group . 
  i hate to be * that guy * , but if the british had taken the same attitude toward pira weapons stores during the troubles then i probably would n't be here today to make this post . 
   over the entire troubles the ira carried out about 20 bomb attacks against the uk , while hamas on the other hand fires hundreds of rockets into israel each week . 
  i think you mean `` britain '' rather than the uk , considering that the pira [ once bombed belfast 26 times in one day . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_friday_\\ ( 1972 \\ ) ), 
   i do n't know why so many people think the british have some special moral standard compared to israel . 
  if you take firepower for firepower then the british did far more than their fair share of retaliation . 
  yes , the situations are different and yes , civilians were killed by the british in northern ireland but they never once used indiscriminate aerial bombing or artillery to fight an irregular force operating from a civilian area . 
  that 's the key difference in my eyes . 
  considering the death-toll , that 's a fairly weak argument . 
  i 've worked with the director a bit ( but not on this ) and a mutual friend shared the link on facebook ... it 's the first i 've heard about it !, 
  hurrah for the blueshirts ... 
   definite identity issues, 
  welcome to northern ireland . 
   if you want to compare like with like in the situation , the ira bombed the uk mainland around 20 times and that is fact . 
  i do n't see why attacks on uk armed forces and civilians who identify as british within a part of the united kingdom ( ni ) do n't count as part of your `` like for like '' scenario . 
  the ira fired a lot of mortars . 
  they destroyed a hotel on the uk mainland , nearly assassinated the prime minister and still they never used aerial bombardment or artillery . 
   i was just saying the mainland as that 's the home of the english , like israel is home of the israelis . 
  i think your idea of british identity is over-simplified . 
  ni unionists consider northern ireland to be their home . 
  the reality is that the ira attacked british people in part of the uk , just as hamas attack israeli people in parts of israel . 
   also hamas is an elected body of millions of people while the ira was n't . 
  considering the population of gaza is only [ 1.8 million ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaza_strip ) - it 's impossible for hamas to consist of * millions * of people . 
  there is no elected body anywhere in the world that consists of millions of people . 
  i do n't see what this has to do with it anyway . 
  does everyone who voted for hamas deserve to be shelled ?
