  yeah it does , it used to be a bit of a faff to sync but i think they 've improved it recently . 
  the nostalgia in this thread is approaching critical levels, 
  thank fuck hunter never lived to see this shit , there are n't enough drugs in the world to get him through it . 
  there should be a separate sub for these low effort `` things like whatever bad thing that just happened in america do n't happen here '' posts . 
  foiled again !, 
  my mate sean seems to think hitler was n't so bad , maybe we should give cromwell a chance too . 
  that you , spicey ? 
  from his comment history , looks like he 's been smelling that toast for a while now ... 
  any mention of cycling ? 
  edit : ok i 'm blind i guess, 
  or just straight up ride on the footpath, 
  they were on our side in ww1 tbf but we did meddle a fair bit in their civil war, 
  also we were the united kingdom of great britain and ireland , not the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland back then so obviously it does n't count ... 
  pretty intriguing necromunda campaign ... 
  edit : why dv ? 
  i am genuinely intrigued :(, 
  have a wee look at his replies in this thread even , he asked us what we concluded and then proceeds to have a go at everyone for making even the most obvious conclusions ... 
  violation of galactic law detected . 
  drum the drummer drum again !, 
  ah yeah , i only found out that existed about 12 hours ago . 
  looks awesome !, 
  the daily mail are the ones quoting lenin atm ... 
  need a writer ? 
  i 'm actually really digging the ikea one !, 
  dat head flop, 
  i 'm always seeing wee spides riding about them ... was willing to give them the benefit of the doubt before this ... 
  yeah this is a very popular interpretation of the film . 
  cameron has confirmed taking influence from vietnam era for the marines dialogue and costumes at least . 
  the hog & hound would make a sweet pub name if filmmaking does n't work out for you ( though from the looks of your reel i think it probably will ), 
  god i would love to see munster drive the sarries in to the sea here, 
  abortion for some miniature union flegs for others !, 
  there 's a woman does it above the post office at fortwilliam if that 's not too far, 
  or a man that 's been interfered * with * ... by a cake . 
  ( thus explaining the overreacting to gay cakes ? ), 
  even her name is cyberpunk ... 
  white ninja !, 
  lot of people on here figuring out how to be writers , if you do n't like it go play outside or something . 
  well , big jim certainly does . 
  a split in the dup would be anathema for unionism right now so here we are . 
  i guess there 's room for both of us to be dicks, 
  i know messengers who tape their lights and pump to the frame with duct tape . 
  it 's generally quite effective . 
  so for those who have read the peripheral do you think that this is basically confirming that trumps presidency is the beginning of the jackpot ? 
  facts, 
  haha i meant the former but worrying that we have to consider both options . 
  you can buy a palace here for the price of a 1 bed flat in london, 
  left handed ? 
  oh shit , is terry 's birthday also ed balls day ? 
  to the top with you !, 
  we 're still sitting here at the bottom . 
  we have failed his buseyness :(, 
  he 's got an aul irish priest head on him tho, 
  yup , i feel like a dick, 
  he 's a gent for bothering to reply to my nonsense, 
  totes . 
  ever seen them in the same place at the same time ? 
  that 's its own thing : wholocks i believe they go by . 
  steven moffatt fanboys/girls essentially . 
  this is essentially the plot to the movie, 
  grabbers, 
  dunno why this was downvoted , so many scripts that i get from new writers are like reading treacle . 
  [ jury definitely still out ... ] ( http://c8.alamy.com/comp/fatf2c/pizza-express-restaurant-opens-in-the-white-rose-shopping-centre-in-fatf2c.jpg ), 
  i bought 2 ... : /, 
  lol yeah just incase i pull a double shift, 
  but decreases the closer you get to the kitchen at a pizza express ... 
  `` it 's all plain sailing for trotsky from here on in ! '', 
  i would settle for the scan ... 
  just want to get a sense of it before i decide if i 'm going to dust off some old models and necro scenery to have a go . 
  got a link ? 
  maybe it was a protest that just got a wee bit out of hand ... 
  you spelled shite wrong . 
  same pen , same paper same handwriting . 
  fake . 
  there are n't even any parking spaces marked on the road in front of the pole ... 
  meh , the capital bs look similar , the top of the ts are extended ... 
  the middle of the first h on the bottom sign looks as though it 's been extended ( as in the top one ) then covered up with the lower case e. . . 
  not conclusive by any means but that + the same size of oversized paper , same pen and lack of any actual parking spaces ( disabled or otherwise ? ), 
  painted on the road in front of the pole ... 
  and what about yer sassage roll ? 
  what blows my mind about fishbook is their sister shop , [ pizzabook ] ( https://www.just-eat.co.uk/restaurants-pizzabook-ballysillan-lower/menu ) . 
  what does that even mean !?!? 
  yeah not bad in a pinch !, 
  pizza works is where it 's at tho, 
  like he 's still standing right there when they start talking trash ... 
  even the name liam wong is kinda cyberpunk ... 
  it 's got that east/west culture clash vibe ( liam is an irish forename , wong is a chinese surname ) of mitsubishi bank of america . 
  arms are heavy, 
  hey , that 's awesome !, 
  love your work !, 
  only 90s kids remember the teaches of peaches !, 
  i think he meant the `` feds '' as referred to in uk street slang / grime music etc rather than a literal equivalent of the fbi . 
  do n't tell me where i stole this from !, 
  ( i stole it from / r/onejob ), 
   not to interrupt a perfectly good circlejerk, 
  wrong sub buddy . 
  this is just a fun sub for lols . 
  i 'm not even from the states . 
   cue wolf blitzer looking pissed-off off . 
  it 's when he gets pissed-off ** off ** that you have to worry . 
  `` gladly . '',
