  motorbikes were trying to make their way through the crowd and i remember getting my leg burnt on an exhaust . 
  my girlfriend was starting to get seriously freaked out as more than once we were almost separated and the mood on the streets was starting to get a bit scary . 
  eventually we basically climbed in to a bar ( which was also packed with people - though mostly tourists like us ) and had a few drinks , waiting for the streets to clear . 
  after what felt like hours , things started to calm down a bit but it still took us a long time to get back to our hostel through the crowd . 
  the next night ( the night of the stampede ) we decided to stay away from the city centre because of what we had seen the night before . 
  there was another part of town that was meant to be good for backpackers like us so we went there to check it out . 
  we ended getting pretty drunk with some tefl teachers and their cambodian friends and if i 'm honest it 's a bit of a blur as to how/when we got back to the hostel ... 
  ... we woke up to discover the city in mourning . 
  the staff at our hostel were all in shock , glued to the tv or on their phones trying to reach friends and family . 
  a tuk-tuk driver we had met the day before came to pick us up as arranged , despite everything that had happened . 
  he told us that his family was okay but the whole city had ground pretty much to a halt . 
  there were still people everywhere but nobody quite seemed to know what to do next . 
  you could n't get anywhere near the bridge where it happened . 
  we had arranged for the driver to take us to the killing fields ... a trip that was made all the more unsettling by what had just happened . 
  if we had decided to go to the backpacker area the first night and in to the city centre the second ... 
  i dread to think . 
  saw it on a facebook ad for something ... ca n't find it again :(, 
  good to see the government getting involved in the whataboutery ... 
  it 's a trivial thing for most of us , but if you want to be in government it 's perhaps best to try and not do anything illegal . 
  amazing !!, 
  thanks so much !, 
  never !, 
  never !, 
  never !, 
  just kidding ... of course they did . 
  i just think its sad that the secretary of state ca n't rise above the `` what about themmins '' level of discourse that passes for politics here . 
  paramilitaries did a lot of fucked up stuff . 
  the security forces did some fucked up stuff , too . 
  the government need to accept that if they want people to move on from the past . 
  the reason people make a big deal out of it when the government kill innocent people is because * that is the exact opposite of what the government is supposed to do * . 
  you 've captured so much of the photo 's personality ... 
  i can even recognise my backpack from your drawing !, 
  they 'll need to get some sturdier umbrellas if they want to avoid that ... 
  i 've dug around their archive a bunch for work in the past - it 's very hard to stay on task and not just get lost in all the interesting stuff . 
  still costs money to do anything with it other than just watch it . 
  snails are rubbish at telling berries apart . 
  everyone knows that . 
  [ interesting if true ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ydpnfn8pei ), 
  these guys are the local experts when it comes to all things adwords / seo : http://www.searchscientist.co.uk/, 
  encrypting the entire internet was the plot of a cyberpunk novel i started to write when i was 18 ... 
  are you running for office ? 
  i 'd vote for you ... 
  i 'm an assistant script editor on a drama in the uk so i 'm not sure if my answers will be as relevant as you would like ... 
  i have a ba in english & film studies . 
  i enjoy it very much . 
  the head writer and i ( though mostly him ) work out the storylines and then send them out to writers . 
  they deliver drafts , we take them to meetings with our producers and execs , then take their notes and our notes back to the writers . 
  we do n't have `` staff writers '' as such . 
  [ here is your logo ] ( http://images.elfwood.com/art/t/h/thedamnangel/scifi.fantasy.cover-page-for-the-fsm-vs-the-ipu-graphic-novel.img-0953.jpg.rzd.340582.jpg ), 
  little italy is a close 2nd for me . 
  opera is good too but havent had good service in pizza jazz , deapite sharing my initials with it ... 
  you can get bbc1 ni on freesat :, 
  channel 957 ( rest of uk ), 
  channel 978 ( hd ) ( rest of uk ), 
  sky :, 
  channel 953 ( rest of uk ), 
  channel 979 ( hd ) ( rest of uk ), 
  virgin :, 
  channel 863 ( rest of uk ), 
  full disclosure - i worked on this show and really hope you like it !, 
  iplayer link for episode 1 :, 
  i was hoping it would sound more like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aduhxfkcqbs&amp;feature=kp ), 
  full disclosure : i worked on this ( and even make a brief appearance ! ), 
  i 'm really proud of it and would like to know what you guys think !, 
  that was me !, 
  glad you enjoyed it , cheers !, 
  it 's an improvement over what they used to refer to me as ... 
  good doc this , i watched it go out . 
  nice bike !, 
  we had 2 on the show , one rigged with cameras and one without . 
  hipsters ? 
  really glad you like it , means a lot !, 
  edit : should probably mention that i worked on ( and briefly featured in ! ), 
  this programme so that i do n't come across as creepy and weird . 
  i was a researcher on the programme and the guy stabilizing the penny farthing . 
  basically we wouldnt let him do it on his own after seeing how dangerous it really was . 
  if he hurt himself then the shoot was over . 
  frankly , we were lucky he did n't hurt himself on his normal bike . 
  he 's a very experienced rider and we did everything possible to keep him safe but accidents do happen ... even bradley wiggins has been knocked off !, 
  we did stay within the 6 counties of northern ireland , unfortunately . 
  the idea was to start in belfast/north down where smiley is from and then spiral out in to the country from there . 
  at one point in development we definitely had at least one our two items planned that crossed the border but logistically it turned out to be too much of a stretch as we were on a * very * tight schedule . 
  if we go again , i imagine we 'll branch out beyond the 6 counties , whether that 's in to the rest of ireland or over to britain ( or beyond ? ), 
  - who knows !, 
  haha are you seriously looking for conspiracy theories in a * comedy cycling programme ? 
  popping in to donegal may be easy for you or me if we 're just going for the craic but in the context of a television production ( where things like production insurance * are * effected by the border whether you acknowledge its existence or not ) it needs to be 100 % editorially justified as every mile that we drive from belfast costs us time and money . 
  ultimately , it would have been cynical and irresponsible of us just to pop over the border to say that we did . 
  i 'd rather take the time to do it properly if/when we get another series . 
  edit : assuming they hire me back if/when ... 
   where 's the laughs ? 
  you 've got some d-list motormouth with a couple of cameras on the bike , making unfunny jokes and using the show as an ego vehicle . 
  if you do n't find smiley funny and/or interesting then i guess this programme is n't for you and even if we spent the whole show in donegal and cavan it would n't make it any more appealing to you . 
   it 's not a `` conspiracy '' for a shows producers or a channel 's editorial to be reluctant to go into , say , donegal - just narrow minded . 
  there were a lot of places we did n't go to in the 6 counties either . 
  ballymena , for example . 
  portadown for another . 
  was that also `` narrow minded ? '', 
  there was no * reluctance * to go to donegal ( or ballymena for that matter ) but we chose the best locations/stories that we could do justice to within our time frame and budget . 
  speaking solely as a production researcher ( ie ; i have no power to actually make this happen ) i would be very happy to take the show to both donegal and ballymena next time if we found the right stories . 
   surely you would pop over the border because that 's what cyclists do ?
