  why would you pop over just to say that you did ? 
  is it some kind of boast now ? 
  going into no-man 's land ? 
  cyclists do a lot of things that we did n't have time to feature in the programme . 
  also just riding on the roads over the border is n't enough to justify the expense of filming it , we would have needed an item for the programme . 
  i would have liked to include something like the inishowen 100 ( an amazing 100 mile bike race around donegal ) but unfortunately our schedule did n't line up with the event . 
  again , this is something i would love to include in a future series of the show if/when etc. 
   can you tell us by how much ? 
  this is n't the 70s or 80s , is someone afraid of snipers ? 
  i do n't know a * lot * about this but as far as i understand it insuring a production to film in one country ( say , the uk ) is cheaper than insuring it to film in 2 ( the uk and ireland for example ) . 
  this is n't my particular area of expertise so i 'm not able to tell you more . 
  i do know that it has nothing to do with snipers , however . 
   why would it be so hard to editorially justify including donegal in a show about cycling in the north of ireland ? 
  it absolutely is n't , but it is * easier * to justify items in the 6 counties when your production base is belfast , you are on a tight filming schedule , it costs more money to film in donegal and all the events that you wanted to film there happened months before you were scheduled to start filming anyway ... 
  it would n't be professional of me to go in to any more details about the production of the programme here so that really is all i can tell you . 
  i get the feeling that you 're going to have a bee in your bonnet about this programme no matter what , so the best advice i can give you is that life 's too short to spend it watching tv shows you do n't like and then complaining about them on the internet . 
  fair point - will repost, 
  we 're number 1 !, 
  number of words you 've written in reply to this thread : 358 ( including quotes ), 
  number of words you 've written that actually express your opinion of the programme as a piece of entertainment : 27, 
  you do n't find smiley funny or interesting . 
  that 's fair enough , but you did n't even say that until your third comment !, 
  you clearly did n't come here to say whether or not you enjoyed the programme ( which is what i asked ) , you came here to accuse us ( the production team / bbc ni ) of ... 
  i do n't even know what . 
  not going to donegal for political reasons ? 
  catch a grip . 
  i 've explained as much as i can why we did n't end up crossing the border and ultimately it came down to time and money . 
  the schedule and budget of a show like this will dictate its content long before politics will . 
  if you watched the show , disliked it , then came on here and told me as much before moving on with your life then that would be fair enough but why keep arguing with me about this when you do n't even see any value in the programme ? 
  why do you care which counties we went to if you are n't even going to watch it ? 
  go play outside or something . 
  [ binging ? 
  ] ( http://www.bing.com ), 
  writers do n't generally acquire rights to big franchises like this ( they 're expensive ) production companies do . 
  legendary pictures , for example , own the film rights to mass effect . 
  a lot of competitions here in ireland ask for applications from `` teams '' , usually of a writer , director ( or writer / director ) and producer . 
  this guy may just be trying to do the whole thing by himself . 
  if they both want to open the same door , but each only has half the key . 
  eg ; they both need to get somewhere by air . 
  one is a pilot with no plane , the other has a plane but ca n't fly it . 
  that sort of thing . 
  the cop movie clich\u00e9 is that the chief will make the salty old dog work with the wet behind the ears newbie as this arrangement is somehow meant to benefit both . 
  whatever you do , do n't do what i did !, 
  i lived in harbin like , 4 years ago ( wow time flies ) and a friend of mine got this really sweet tattoo from an artist that another friend of hers had hooked her up with . 
  as my time in the country came to an end , i thought i would get one as well . 
  i asked her how much it was and it seemed quite dear ( cant remember exactly but probably not extortionate looking back ) . 
  anyway i called my chinese mate , mantis ( seriously ) and asked him if he thought it was a fair price for a tattoo . 
  he was like hell no and arranged to meet me in the city centre ( i lived in the south east of the city ) so we could find a cheaper place . 
  i met up with him and his girlfriend shadow ( again , seriously ) in town and they took me around a few shopping centres and stuff ... we could n't find anywhere and mantis was constantly on the phone , trying to get a lead on a cheap place . 
  eventually shadow has had enough of this and they stop to have a massive fight in the middle of the street ( in mandarin ) i do n't really follow it but eventually shadow convinces mantis to just call his mum , who apparently knows everyone/everything ... 
  so one call to mantis ' mum and we 've got a lead on a place . 
  turns out its in a se shopping centre like a 5 minute walk from my apartment and we arrive there ( 3 - 4 hours after i set out that morning ) to be greated my mrs mantis . 
  mrs mantis takes us up to the top of the place where it 's basically just an open plan flea market style set up crammed with beauty stalls and hair dressers , etc. 
  she takes me to her friend who runs a stall doing eyebrow waxing and the like ... turns out her friend also has a tattoo gun for tattooing eyebrows , so what do i want done ? 
  i appreciate that i should have shut the whole thing down at this point ... instead , i fired up my netbook and showed her the 3 characters i wanted on my back and the tattoo woman ( through mantis ) tells me that her handwriting is n't so good ... so after a brief huddle , mantis tells me that shadow is going to write the characters on my back with a pen and the woman will trace over them with the tattoo gun . 
  now ** this ** is when i eventually came to my senses and told everyone thanks , but no thanks . 
  just kidding !, 
  i totally let them do it and now i have shadow 's handwriting tattooed on my back forever ... 
  final cost was ( i think ) 180 kuai or something . 
  it looks like [ this ] ( http://fc06.deviantart.net/fs70/i/2010/191/1/6/first_tattoo_by_outboundlight.jpg ), 
  haha nobody is whiter than the irish . 
  \u4e2d\u56fd did n't seem too personal ... 
  i got \u7231\u5c14\u5170 , i guess , because it was one of my most used mandarin phrases ( besides all the boring ones lol ) with people always asking me where i was from . 
  i also have a really nice memory of a class that i taught trying really hard to learn about ireland and impress me with their knowledge . 
  looking back , i think i should have got \u54c8\u5c14\u6ee8 or something that reminds me of harbin in particular . 
  having `` ireland '' ( i 'm technically from northern ireland ) written on my back in mandarin sometimes makes me feel like i 'm in the chinese ira lol . 
  cheers , it has started to go a bit blue with age now - thinking about getting it touched up somehow . 
  haha believe it or not i actually work in script development now - i would totally recommend this script !, 
  hey al , episode 2 tonight - spread the word !, 
  nice to see qr representing on reddit , keep up the good work and play radio waves by against all authority for me !, 
  i think you should stay home to do your radio show , i 'll make sure your tickets do n't go to waste ... 
  the only bands on that line-up i 've seen live are nofx and the offspring . 
  i feel old . 
  old and jealous . 
  lawrence arms are epic but i 'll check those other lads out as well , cheers . 
  stephen rea refuses to learn any mandarin and the cpc threatens to sue us . 
  we both die in a mysterious boating accident and ciaran hinds is last seen making off with the production insurance money . 
  cilliian murphy assumes it 's all part of the script . 
  i 've had good experiences with the cycling stuff from lidl ( considering price ) but this range looks much more extensive ... 
  it 's really annoying that we do n't have aldi in northern ireland !, 
  in the end , it does n't even matter . 
  looks sweet , keep as much of it original as possible !, 
  as with a lot of pre-90s pop culture , i saw the simpsons version of this long before i actually saw dr. strangelove ... 
  sadly where i live they probably are likely to get a few ... 
  there 's a fair bit of institutionalized racism in australia , arguably worse than even what ukip are proposing :, 
   section 51 ( xxvi ) of the australian constitution , commonly called ` the race power ' , is the subsection of section 51 of the australian constitution granting the australian commonwealth power to make special laws for people of any race . 
   as initially drafted , s 51 ( xxvi ) empowered the parliament to make laws with respect to : `` the people of any race , other than the aboriginal race in any state , for whom it is deemed necessary to make special laws '' . 
  the australian people voting at the 1967 referendum deleted the words in italics . 
   edmund barton had argued in 1898 that s 51 ( xxvi ) was necessary to enable the commonwealth to `` regulate the affairs of the people of coloured or inferior races who are in the commonwealth '' . 
  [ 1 ] the section was intended to enable the commonwealth to pass laws restricting such migrant labourers such as the chinese and kanakas . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/section_51 ( xxvi ) _ of_the_australian_constitution, 
   the immigration restriction act 1901 was one of the first pieces of legislation passed by the australian government to deal with immigration . 
  it restricted the migration of non-british peoples to australia and symbolised the birth of what came to be known as the white australia policy . 
  [ 9 ] the act prohibited the entry of any person who failed to write out a passage of 50 words in any european language as dictated by a customs officer . 
   parliamentary debate over the legislation was not about whether it was morally wrong to restrict non-white immigration . 
  senators and members were almost exclusively concerned with whether the dictation test would achieve the objective of prohibiting non-white immigration to australia without being seen to contradict the british government 's stated commitment to non-discrimination on racial grounds . 
  oh , it 's defaced all right ... 
  that 's the plan :d, 
  i ride my bike . 
  4 times as fast = 4 times as many ideas , right ?
