  pebble showed me that there was a lot to be gained from a watch with more features than an activity tracker but without spending crazy money . 
  a good deal on a garmin vivoactive hr ( # 68 ) has put the pebble hr2 to bed for now but who knows , if anyone gets serious about developing for the hr monitor on rebble it might yet come out again ... 
  it 's from hamlet , has a bit of a life of its own online , mostly in relation to celebrity death hoaxes . 
  i did keep everything . 
  pebble had gone bankrupt by the time i got it ( for christmas ) so i thought it would be worth keeping all the bumf . 
  bit annoyed i ripped the box opening it . 
  until brexit decimates the border communities . 
  we did get an apology for bloody sunday eventually to be fair . 
  only took 40 years ... 
  zefal no muds are probably the closest you 'll get in terms of a traditional fender look . 
  they 're pretty cheap too . 
  thanks to the good friday agreement , i can legally retain my irish citizenship and still appreciate this sub . 
  a thousand times this . 
  thank you, 
  i always read welwalla to mean `` traitor to belters '' because it refers to someone who loves ( gravity ) wells and their inhabitants . . ? 
  both groups have the right to assembly , the ones dressed as nazis and shouting nazi shit sound like nazis ... 
  smash the model us gov !, 
  the original channel 101 tutorial videos with dan harman , justin roiland and jack black are pretty great also ... if you can find them . 
  edit : it was acceptable tv , thanks / u/captainraph : found one [ here !, 
  ] ( http://www.screenr.com/7un ), 
  infamy today , so sad !, 
  you had a group on one side who was bad and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent , and nobody wants to say that , but i 'll say it now . 
  there 's blame on both sides . 
  because / r/screenwriting , that 's why . 
  i did spend 10/15 mins looking for them there but since i 've already seen them , that 's about as much time as i 'm willing to spend . 
  sorry guys !, 
  ah shit that 's right !!, 
  good call . 
  seize the model means of model production !, 
  in literal terms :, 
  1 ) he is a member of the house of commons . 
  2 ) he is the leader of his party . 
  3 ) that 's it . 
  everything else is politics . 
  they would n't have the chance if not for the opportunistic snap election ... 
   uh , yeah ? 
  that 's every fucker else does . 
  no it 's not . 
  [ the 1924 vote of no confidence in the government of stanley baldwin was a vote of no confidence against conservative leader stanley baldwin . 
  after an election in december 1923 , * the conservative party did not have the majority it needed to form a government * , allowing labour and the liberals to pass the vote . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_successful_votes_of_no_confidence_in_british_governments#defeat_of_the_baldwin_ministry ), 
  if not for the support of the political wing of a radical christian sect , then the situations would be very similar ... 
  technically no , what you must be is :, 
   the person most likely to command the confidence of the house of commons . 
  by constitutional convention , all government ministers , including the prime minister , are members of the house of commons and are thereby accountable to the respective branches of the legislature . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that he `` is n't qualified '' until labour win a majority , in the way that no party leader is `` qualified '' until they can build a majority in parlaiment . 
  as has been pointed out elsewhere , in terms of pure votes he is pretty much as `` qualified '' as tony blair was . 
  sorry , i got that wrong :, 
   in 1963 [ the constitutional convention ] was amended to the effect that no prime minister should come from the house of lords . 
  when the last prime minister peer , the earl of home , took office he renounced his peerage , and as sir alec douglas-home became an mp . 
  a-level politics was a while ago for me ... 
  i mean sure , if you do n't think he has the necessary education or work experience for the job then it is your right in a democracy not to vote for him but the fact remains that if enough people do vote labour then he is de facto qualified for the job . 
  i personally value his experience as a trade union organiser more highly than an oxbridge background in banking or business , as i know whose interests he is more likely to represent . 
  the tories have not been the firm hand on the tiller for either political or economic stability that they like to present themselves as so i do n't see why i should trust them instead . 
  maybe if i say `` strong and stable '' to myself 100 times before bed it 'll actually come true ... 
  edit : just checked out theresa may 's `` work experience '' out of curiosity ... so she got a degree in geography then became a financial consultant straight out of university ? 
  does n't get any more `` real '' than that ... 
  corbyn did have a job . 
  he worked as a union official and organiser , which in my view qualifies him more for a career in politics than a geography degree . 
  an oxbridge degree ( or any degree ) is not a prerequisite for public office , not should it be . 
  may has thrown her party in to crisis , corbyn has breathed new life in to his . 
  do n't think her geography degree , or his lack of one , has had any effect on either situation . 
  at least we learned a little something about constitutional conventions today , 
   yeah , that 's not a job . 
  [ yes it is . 
  ] ( https://nationalcareersservice.direct.gov.uk/job-profiles/trade-union-official ), 
   the only person going on about oxbridge here is you , i 've not mentioned oxbridge . 
  i mention it just as a statement of fact but a + for reading comprehension , even if you have conveniently forgotten your original point about pms not needing to be mps ... 
   would be nice if our leaders could have at least finished high school with a basic education though , do n't you agree ? 
  not necessarily . 
  whether somebody passed their a-levels in the 1970s is irrelevant to me if they 've done a good job as an mp for nearly 35 years . 
  he 's certainly done a good enough job to be returned to parliament 6 ( ? ), 
  times so i 'll let his constituents be the judge of that . 
  and before you go on moaning about it being a safe labour seat , if he was so incompetent he could have been replaced as the candidate any number of times by his local party and managed to survive even through the most centrist days of new labour . 
  if you do n't agree with his politics - fine . 
  do n't vote for him . 
  but to say that a member of parliament for 30 + years who has won 2 party leadership votes for the country 's second biggest party is n't qualified to be prime minister is absurd . 
  the idea that any politician who can oversee a 32 seat gain in parliament is n't qualified to be prime minister is absurd . 
  the suggestion that you need a-levels or a degree to be prime minister is absurd and potentially dangerous to our democracy . 
  do n't vote for corbyn if you do n't agree with his policies , but at least the policies in his last manifesto were actually costed - unlike the tories ' . 
   no , it 's a made up position for people with connections who are completely useless . 
  he must have had connections coming out of his dick to get jobs at 3 different unions then ... 
   what trade was it he was an official for ? 
  had he ever done that job before ? 
  national union of tailors and garment workers , national union of public employees and the amalgamated engineering and electrical union . 
   there 's no way he 's qualified to be pm , or even an mp . 
  i do n't know why i 'm bothering ... 
  if you think a guy who has 35 years work experience at his job is n't qualified for it then just ... okay . 
  wow . 
   he got in because of cronyism . 
  if you say so . 
  it is possible to be a professional union organiser . 
  it 's even possible to be good enough at it to make a successful move in to politics ... 
   he 's pretty much supported every authoritarian dictator going . 
   that 's what happens when you stick someone who could barely get out of high school into the commons . 
  that 's a pretty authoritarian sentiment lol . 
  again , not sure why i 'm bothering here but :, 
  in the 1970s far fewer pupils even sat a-levels and there was a grade below e ( o ) before fail so this would not rule you out of an entry level job at a union , especially after volunteering overseas as jeremy did . 
  the starting salary today ( if you actually read the link ) is at best # 20k for someone without a degree , unlike the banking job theresa may somehow got with her geography degree aged 21 ... 
  edit : he would have sat his a-levels in the 60s actually ?
