  - america, 
  dont tell me who to phrase my posts, 
  not even sorry, 
  it 's just a funny pic that happens to be politics related . 
  i 'm not even american . 
  i just posted a funny picture , if you do n't want it to turn political do n't talk politics in the comments . 
  just tell people not to tell you to do things in all caps , eg :, 
  dont tell me not to turn your second favourite sub political, 
  outside america , everything trump is pretty much lulz , sorry . 
  i refuse to recognise the authority of / r/karmacourt, 
  we 're talking episode 4 of the 10 part hbo series imo . 
  beep borp liberal media detected beep borp deploy fake news excuse borp beep, 
  '' [ biz ] ( http://fm.cnbc.com/applications/cnbc.com/resources/img/editorial/2015/07/23/102859198-gettyimages-148110464.530x298.jpg?v=1476715594 ) '', 
  ** the veriest **, 
  its a funny strapline no matter who the president is or what network it 's on . 
  seems like fairly harmless fun to me . 
  made the front of / r/all so i guess so , 
  damnit bot , u/travelmepretty is not gon na be happy about this ... 
  it 's a funny strapline no matter who the president is or what network it 's on . 
  you think fox news would n't have gone with something similar if obama 's spokesman had said he did ' t speak for the president ? 
  wise up and stop going out of your way to get outraged at stuff . 
  you 'll live longer . 
  if only there was some button you could press to show that you do n't like certain content ... some sort of voting system ... with arrows ... maybe one could point up , the other could point down ... 
  then you could just press that button and get on with your life instead of annoying my inbox with your whining . 
  someday ... 
   whatever dumbass, 
  at least you 're raising the level of discourse . 
   fuckin cesspool this website is . 
  not of my country he ai n't . 
  thanks for being a good sport and sorry for stealing your content , i have tagged you as the president 's spokesman , now get out there and do n't speak for him !, 
  the first world anarchy is strong with this one . 
  zachary quinto will be a good shout for comey when they make the movie of this in 10 or 20 years . 
  hopefully we 'll find out any minute now ... 
  `` allegedly '' stuck in his craw there lol, 
  wp stream on youtube too, 
  yoga jones from orange is the new black to play senator collins . 
  collins is useless, 
  heinrich 's voice is like music after those last two, 
  pretty good, 
  these attempts to discredit comey are weak ass shit, 
  that last bit there at the end ... was that even a question or . . ? 
  great use of the word witting . 
  ben foster to play lankford in the movie, 
  paul bettany now , ben foster in 10 years or so . 
  no one except the president . 
  music swells , zachary quinto 's oscar moment here ... 
  cottonbot 9000 initiating question mode, 
  the ashcroft story is bad ass as fuck , worth reading up on, 
  oh hey it 's that cartoon dog, 
  sure , but what about her emails ? 
  mccain looks like old man weyland in prometheus, 
  i have had a lot of conversations with humans over the years ... and this is not one of them . 
  change it back from sorted by new and you should be fine, 
  he has a bright future in the college pol sci essays of the future, 
  [ well ... ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/glorious_revolution ), 
  ming is still kicking then ? 
  good for him . 
  you ca n't be a minister if you are n't an mp . 
  cabinet reshuffle required . 
  what 's the current tory prediction ? 
  beeb saying 318 but figures of 322 and 325 being bandied about ? 
   ran around the fields of athenry wearing only a balaclava ? 
  ftfy, 
  jesus scotland what you playing at ? 
  president , fhqwgads are you prepared to fhqwhgads to the limit ? 
  i do n't remember any confederate flags or swastikas flying in nationalist areas tbh, 
  okay but what 's the alternative ? 
  they start voting with corbyn ? 
  the tories are the only party in westminister with which the dup are even slightly ideologically aligned . 
  i mean they can threaten to abstain from votes or vote against things but that 's not going to look good to their base if they start voting with an `` ira sympathizer '' like corbyn , the pro-eu lib dems or the anti-uk snp . 
  the conservatives & unionist party ( to give them their full name ) are the only game in westminister as far as unionism is concerned and they know it . 
  a minority government with de facto rather than official support from the dup would probably have been more palatable to the tory leadership but the threats of a competing queens speech from labour probably forced their hand . 
  the link is to the live feed of bbc one , which is now showing an episode of wanted down under ... 
  on a sunday ? 
  it 's all new to them to be fair . 
  easy mistake to make on your first day . 
  which part of the title is editorialized ? 
  those are all facts . 
  all op has done is add extra context for those who may be less familiar with the situation . 
  john major just looking for an excuse to throw down . 
  they should all just have a royal rumble together and get it over with . 
  winner gets to be first minister . 
  better prize . 
  sharia law is not a `` common '' muslim belief either but hey ho . 
  the percentage of free prespeterians who believe that stuff i linked is far higher than the percentage of muslims ( especially in the west ) who believe in sharia law . 
  yeah that sounds about right to me ... 
  there is something like 3m muslims in the uk and only 15,000 free presbyterians . 
  so 18 % of muslims think homosexuality should be legal , that 's 540,000 people ... 
  of those 3 million people there is obviously a great diversity of teaching and opinion , however the fpc could more accurately be called a sect and it 's teachings are pretty clear cut . 
  if you want to be a moderate muslim in the uk that is entirely possible but there is no such thing as a `` moderate '' free presbyterian . 
  well there is i guess . 
  a presbyterian . 
  but then the dup was n't founded by john calvin now was it ... 
  edit : an interesting rebuttal to the survey from a british muslim :, 
  good luck finding a reasoned and thoughtful examination of gay rights by a free p member . 
  [ yeah because free presbyterians never killed anyone on the streets ... ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/davy_payne ), 
  that 's a vast over simplification . 
  sharia law has been constantly interpreted and reinterpreted by people for hundreds and hundreds of years . 
  there are 6 or 7 prominent schools of `` fiqh '' ( the human interpretation of god 's laws ) across the 2 major sects of islam , so to say that all muslims believe in stoning people or whatever is nonsense and , certainly in britain , [ has been fairly conclusively disproven ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law ) . 
  by this measure , there are at least half a million moderate muslims in the uk while there are only 15,000 free presbyterians .
