  the only crew member of the nostromo to survive !, 
  damnit , lindelof get out of our franchise !, 
  you just have it bastardized by racist idiots , much better . 
  [ sadly , no . 
  ] ( https://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/663656/nigel-farage-bank-holiday-celebrate-st-george-day/amp ), 
  i could n't keep up with the banter so i resorted to facts :(, 
  and ni, 
  because it usually comes with a large helping of loudly expressed uninformed opinions about our culture and history . 
  are we still calling him a politician after he lost his seat ? 
  massive jinx there ... 
  just like the 1 handed `` tackle '' to the face of jared payne ... 
  if the uk is still on set to leave the customs union then there will be a hard border somewhere , it just might be at stranraer ( and liverpool and heathrow ... ) as slugger says , which will further alienate northern ireland from britain . 
  this pretty much echoes my feelings exactly ... 
  i was raised catholic and small n nationalist and pre-brext i would have seriously struggled to make a decision in a border poll ( seduced as slugger says by the nhs and cronyism in the republic , among other things ), 
  with the nhs being systematically gutted by the tories and our local politicians proving themselves to be no improvement on those in the south and now faced with leaving the eu and all that entails i would absolutely vote yes in a border poll if the uk gets the brexit it wants outside the customs union . 
  one thing that does get glossed over a lot in this discussion though :, 
   despite scots-gaelic and welsh having legal recognition in other uk devolved regions , replicating the gesture in n. ireland is portrayed as a ` concession ' to ravenous reptiles that will inevitably return for more . 
  designated flag days are fine for finchley but not belfast . 
  here , being british means proving it by flying the union flag wherever and whenever possible . 
  we tend to look down our nose at this stubborness but it 's worth noting that this siege mentality did n't just come out of nowhere and arlene foster is perhaps the best example of it . 
  once you start killing people to achieve a goal , your victims will be forever hostile to that goal , no matter how reasonable it is . 
  obviously sinn fein are n't trying to kill anyone any more but while real victims of that violence and the perceived victimhood of the entire unionist community persists then that no surrender blitz spirit will always get a very strong emotional response . 
  just to head off some whataboutery , this absolutely works both ways , and the decision to defend the union with violence led to exactly the same sentiment in republican communities going back 100 + years , where politicians refuse to take their seats in parliament because of a symbolic oath and refuse to acknowledge the existence of or use the name `` northern ireland '' almost a hundred years later . 
  yeah i do n't think it 's a done deal . 
  the implosion of the uup is only going to translate to a more consolidated unionist vote and more dup seats next time around . 
  yeah hopefully more for alliance , their increase in vote-share in a very green and blue election was encouraging but i do agree that the loss of the majority is likely to push many uup votes in the heartlands back towards the dup, 
   is this not a bit of an exaggeration ? 
  i think an election-night resignation by mike , which only helped feed the dup narrative that the uup are to blame for the loss of the majority did come off as a bit of an implosion , despite a fairly reasonable election showing . 
  but as you say , the fact that they could n't make any gains in the light of rhi and the dups increasingly hard line does leave them in something of an ideological crisis . 
  what is their message going forward ? 
  relevant username :d, 
  well by `` gutting '' what i mean is `` increasingly privatized '' and the evidence speaks for itself on that front , with a post-brexit us trade deal potentially leading to even more . 
  whether this is better or worse for patients or tax payers is a separate and complicated debate but from my point of view , as it relates to my opinion on the border issue , what we 're looking at now in the uk and ireland are two semi-privatized healthcare systems that would both need to change in some form in order to integrate with each other in the event of a united ireland and could even serve as a catalyst for much needed healthcare reform in the south . 
  even if that does n't pan out , the loss of a national health service does n't feel like the ideological loss that it once did , especially with the spectre of us healthcare companies waiting in the wings . 
   i personally think much of these claims are just political bs . 
  maybe if we were getting our magical # 350 million for the nhs things would be different ... 
  agreed . 
  i do n't think he had an amazing tournament but he always always brings it for big games . 
   i do n't care about your argument on the border issue ,, 
  you 're in the wrong thread then buddy but since i 'm here :, 
  [ department of health \\ ( dh \\ ) figures show that the amount of its funding that has gone to `` independent sector providers '' more than doubled from # 4.1 bn in 2009-10 , labour 's last year in power , to # 8.7 bn in 2015-16 . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/aug/15/creeping-privatisation-nhs-official-data-owen-smith-outsourcing ), 
  [ a survey of bma members found that more than two-thirds of doctors are fairly or very uncomfortable with independent sector provision of nhs services , with the most common concern being that it destabilises nhs services . 
  ] ( https://www.bma.org.uk/collective-voice/influence/key-negotiations/nhs-funding/privatisation-and-independent-sector-providers-in-nhs-care ), 
  [ the bma urges commissioners and health chiefs to consider the possible negative effects of privatisation on training and recruitment and says the taxpayer must not be saddled with the costly legacy of private firms leaving contracts , as was the case at hinchingbrooke hospital in cambridgeshire . 
  ] ( https://www.bma.org.uk/news/2016/april/bma-report-calls-for-safeguards-against-fragmented-nhs ), 
  and finally , just for fun :, 
   how can you divorce the costs of funding health , and the outcomes from the health service from the nhs ? 
    maybe if we were getting our magical # 350 million for the nhs things would be different ... 
   relevant ... in no way, 
  yeah it 's all still a big cloud of dunno but there has to be a customs border somewhere if the uk want out of the customs union . 
  yeah it was a risky one, 
   ` the bma believes in a publicly funded , publicly provided health service . 
  but if ** there have to be independent sector providers ** , is it not reasonable to ask of them what we would ask of any new porter , nurse or doctor coming to work in the nhs ? ', 
  your use of emphasis there is hilariously dishonest . 
  the key words in that second sentence are `` but if '' . 
  they state unequivocally :, 
   the bma believes in a publicly funded , publicly provided health service . 
  they are simply reacting to the reality of privatization as it exists . 
   so if it turns out that simple looking at the statistics of privatisation does n't actually give you the full fact . 
  it turns out that there are significant cost benefits of including some private sources in the health system , which allows money to be spent elsewhere more effectively within the nhs . 
  there are short-term cost benefits but the long term reality is that tax-payer money ends up in the dividends of private share holders . 
  how well has that panned out in other national industries that have been privatized ? 
  what you end up with is the public subsidizing private profit , as we have in the rail and energy sectors , both of which are in crisis . 
  new labour moved the nhs towards privatization , no doubt and i still think that was a bad move but the coalition passed the health and social care act 2012 and the private spend has doubled under the coalition/conservatives . 
  the public perception is [ quite damning ] ( https://static.guim.co.uk/ni/1421170808787/ashcroft-tory-poll.svg ) even in comparison to more centrist labour figures like ed miliband . 
  my original point ( that you do n't want to engage with since you have your own drum to beat ) is that for better or for worse , people valued having a national health service and were afraid of losing it in a united ireland . 
  as you can see from the poll above , many people do not trust the conservative party to safeguard the nhs , therefore it is potentially less of an issue when weighing up the border question . 
  like i said , just for fun , 
   all i did was highlight that there were times when it made sense to provision services to the private sector - and that 's all i did . 
  you were implying that the bma quote supported your position , when it did not . 
   but i was n't contesting your opinion on the border . 
  i have made that clear above , i was asking you a question solely and in isolation to your claim about the nhs being ` gutted ' . 
  as i clarified , by `` gutted '' i mean `` privatized '' . 
  by `` privatized '' i mean that services are increasingly provided by private companies and nhs funding is increasingly paid to them . 
  both the amount of services and the amount of money have dramatically increased under the last 3 governments and in particular under the coalition and current conservative government as a direct result of an act passed by the coalition in 2012 . 
  it 's the `` national '' that is being gutted from the national health service , which is what has historically made is distinctive / more appealing than the healthcare system in the south . 
  so that 's as clear as i can make it . 
  go play outside or something . 
  oh maybe actually !, 
  how will that decision be effected if we do get some kind of special status and the customs border ends up between the two islands ? 
  maybe there 's too many unknowns in that scenario to really say ? 
  yeah i just do n't see how they get their customs union exit + no hard border otherwise ... 
  true , and when you look at some of the laws that ultimately were passed in the south ( divorce and contraception have both only been legalized in my lifetime ) their fears were n't exactly unfounded ( though ironic when you consider the big shift towards religious fundamentalism within protestantism that would occur later in the century ), 
  at this time though , being catholic was n't neccessarily synonymous with being irish and being protestant was n't neccessarily synonymous with being british . 
  there are some good statistics in richard english 's book irish freedom that i wish i could track down ... 
  i think at least 20 % of protestants considered themselves irish before 1920 and in the 1980s it was closer to 2 % . 
  ( apologies if those numbers are way off , i do n't have the book to hand ), 
  i do n't think there 's any doubt in the minds of those who have studied or lived through the troubles ( or any ideological conflict ) that violence is the enemy of compromise . 
  the national ( ie ; publicly owned and operated ) element of the nhs absolutely is being gutted by the tories . 
  the private spend has doubled on their watch and they introduced legislation to actively facilitate it . 
  whether that 's for better or for worse is besides my original point so let me reiterate why i originally made my point about the tories `` gutting '' ( the national element from ) the nhs . 
  this national element is what distinguished the health service in the uk from that in the republic , so unless you can tell me that there has n't been a trend towards using private companies in both legislative terms and financial terms since 2010 then i ca n't see any argument against that . 
  as it happens i do think a move towards more privatization is problematic . 
  while it may be more efficient to deliver some services privately in the short term , my opinion is that a wider roll out of privately run services will be for the worse in the long run , based on the evidence from other sectors and how private healthcare companies operate in other markets where there is no publicly operated alternative . 
  i think the health and social care act 2012 opens the door for extensive privatization beyond the specialized services that may be more efficient to run privately . 
  indeed clive peedell ( co-chairman of the nhs consultants association and a consultant clinical oncologist ) compared the act with academic analyses of privatisation and found `` evidence that privatisation is an inevitable consequence of many of the policies contained in the health and social care bill . 
  so the co-chairman of the consultants association ( at the time ) and the british medical association , who i imagine both know a damn lot more about the workings of the nhs than either you or i , both share my concerns so if i do n't have the faintest clue what i 'm talking about then neither do they . 
  i 'm glad you sat up all night thinking about this but it 's time to move on . 
  peace .
