  i have n't done stand-by props in years but that made me die a little inside . 
  pics incase anyone thinks i 'm just cynically responding to the black friday thread in / r/britisjproblems :, 
  update : a man in a tweed jacket is having a coffee in the cafe . 
   i just feel like i 'm not interesting to half the people i meet . 
  the trick is n't being interesting , it 's being * interested * . 
  if you want to grow intellectually and socially the best thing you can do is ask lots of questions of the people you meet . 
  they 'll warm to you instantly ( because people like talking about themselves ) and you 'll learn shit from the stuff that they tell you . 
  although the extent of the `` boom '' here probably is exaggerated it is still possible to have a viable career , though it is an extremely competitive industry - just as it is in london and elsewhere . 
   the various schemes that run are almost always earmarked for specific individuals , and niscreen are fine for people with existing experience , but useless for new people - unless you 're personal friends with them . 
  i did n't find this to be the case . 
  i was n't even in the country when i applied for the ni screen scheme that i eventually got accepted on so there was no personal connection there . 
  yes , i had a little bit of experience but it was mostly experience that i had created for myself . 
  it 's never been easier to shoot your own stuff so it 's hard to be taken seriously if you 've never even bothered to take your iphone out of your pocket to film something with it . 
   there 's the other matter of basic nepotism that runs right through the industry , so new people are n't exactly welcomed with open arms because they 're an unwelcome competition . 
  this may the true to a certain degree , and cultivating contacts in the industry is key , but mds at production companies will always be on the look out for skilled/talented people that they can get away with paying very little for as this obviously helps their bottom line and stretches their budgets . 
  if you 're looking for runner work , there 's no point contacting other runners because , as you rightly say , you 'll be competing for the same work . 
   none of it will have anything to do with how passionate , capable or talented you are, 
  actually , this is all it 's about . 
  it 's not like applying for a job in a bank , you really need to prove how passionate capable and talented you are to employers and there 's no better way to do that then getting out there and making your own stuff . 
  another important skill is being able to deal with failure and rejection . 
  your first film/sketch/whatever will almost certainly be shite , but if you really are passionate , capable and talented you 'll learn from your mistakes and you 'll do better next time until eventually someone takes notice . 
   and if you do n't know anyone ( and especially are n't into arselicking ) then you 're screwed . 
  if you love arselicking you 'll probably get something, 
  as i said above , you do need to develop contacts and you do need to develop a thick skin when it comes to rejection . 
  if you are n't the sort of person who is comfortable putting yourself out there , engaging with people you do n't know and taking it on the chin when they say no , then this is n't the industry for you whether in belfast , london or kathmandu . 
   go to london if you 're serious , and if you can afford it . 
  the opportunities here are virtually nil . 
  `` if you can afford it '' is the key here . 
  entry level positions in the media are always for very low to no pay and london is a very expensive place to live , especially if you have no support structure around you . 
  the industry in london is extremely ruthless and you 'll find yourself doing a lot more work for the same low/no money as you would do here . 
  to op i would say that the media industry is very competitive and a very tough nut to crack , but if you 're serious about it - and you ca n't live off your trust fund from a flat in shoreditch while you shop yourself around - then belfast is as good a place as any to at least start building a base of experience . 
  i think they mean the england/ireland/all blacks 15, 
  and what about dem golfer cunts !, 
  not even his own heart can stop him . 
  some of this is class but i have given up all hope of ever hearing a good cover of sad but true . 
  were you ever an english teacher in china ? 
  i seem to remember a scandinavian guy in china who was super in to irish music and culture . 
  who assigned you this role ? 
  unless there are a lot of cast and unit moves , most short films do not need a 2nd ad . 
  because the shoots are ( usually ) short , the callsheets can be created in advance by the 1st ad and/or producer and the movement of cast around the ( again usually ) small number of sets can be handled by them too . 
  most short films i 've worked on , including those funded by national broadcasters and the like , have n't bothered with a 2nd ad because there simply is n't enough for them to do . 
  ok if you are somehow going to be assessed on performing the role of a 2nd ad :, 
  make sure it 's you that is doing the callsheets . 
  always send them to the director and producer to sign-off before issuing them to cast and crew ( if you have a production manager and/or secretary , send it to them and they will issue it to the crew ), 
  be ready to amend the callsheets based on whatever fuck-ups happen on the first day . 
  make sure cast have everything they need while waiting in the green room . 
  make sure that the cast get hard and electronic copies of the callsheets and their sides ( or just the script if it 's too short to bother with sides ) 24 hours in advance where possible . 
  make sure that the cast know when they are to be picked up , when they are expected in wardrobe , make-up , etc - these details should be on the callsheets but it is your responsibility to confirm them with the cast and departments . 
  communicate well with your 1st ad . 
  always let him/her know when cast are travelling to/from set and where possible travel with them ( if there are is no 3rd or additional ad ), 
  if you are at a loose end , volunteer to help the 1st on set with echoing , locking-off etc. 
  good luck and have fun !, 
  those 3 prong allen keys give great leverage but they are n't super portable ... 
  considering the cost of the damage you might as well get a cool shot out of it ... 
  best xmas present ever . 
  electric assist can be useful for commuting if you do n't want to get too sweaty , or if you 're a bit older and you want to keep riding but need a boost on the climbs . 
  you get better integration with controls generally on a purpose built electric bike but that looks like a fairly decent conversion set up you 've linked to . 
  i used to see a guy on the train in perth with a fucking 2 stroke motor rigged to the back wheel and a fuel tank welded underneath the frame ... 
  it was something very similar to [ this ] ( http://www.javacycles.com/system/images/394/large/1116313824_mopedmotor2.jpg ) . 
  i seem to remember the tank being under the top bar but looking at a few designs on google that does n't seem practical / likely . 
  i was usually bringing my $ 100 kmart bso on the train ( so i could cycle home after my shift in the bar ) and i was always so jealous of that guy ... 
  yeah the uk system of devolution is a bit of a mess - and will become more so once scotland get all these new powers they were promised for still being friends with the rest of us . 
  [ george the first of greece was elected king ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_i_of_greece ), 
  title : black irish, 
  genre : historical action/drama, 
  format : pilot ( 60 min ), 
  in the darkest days of ww2 , a british officer coerces a battle-hardened gang of irish anarchists in to taking on a dangerous mission behind enemy lines . 
  same , though i already used my google music last time around ... wish there was some way tog et another free 90 days - it 's a great service but a tenner a month is a bit outside my means right now . 
  ghb, 
  i love this song , but it has always kind of amused me that the two main messages are :, 
  1 ) the police are dicks for assuming that we are criminals . 
  2 ) we are bad ass criminals . 
  cheers for the feedback !, 
  i 'll have to think of something to replace `` darkest days '' - i could just say 1940 but i would like to find something that conveys tone as well as information ... 
  the `` officer '' is a lieutenant-colonel and is definitely part of the principal cast - though his story would generally be the b story in any given episode . 
  maybe a subject/object swap in the 2nd sentence would give a better idea of who the principal characters are . 
  the main characters are left-wing veterans of the tan war and the irish civil war who fought with the international brigades and the friends of durruti in spain . 
  they want to kill fascists and the british are the only game left in town - but their lack of discipline and radical ideals often see them going off mission and causing mayhem for the axis as well as their british commander . 
  yeah it sort of is . 
  not your average troubles story and the punisher still fucks up a load of dudes . 
  i probly spoiled the ending a bit in the belcast article someone linked above so maybe avoid that if you plan on reading it ... 
  his hellbalzer is excellent and his war stories / battlefields comics are great , too . 
  the belcast list is n't exhaustive ( i wrote it ) someone over there commented with a few other instances that i 've been meaning to check out for a sequel :, 
   i seem to recall that green arrow and st george ( marvel character not the english patron saint ) also made it here, 
  i 'm 6 ' 2 and i ride a 56 - after about 30 miles or so the back starts to complain but it 's nimble as fuck for city riding . 
  that might not be the final artwork , i think i pulled it from the artist 's website - it was super difficult to get scans of that issue . 
  since windows 7 got the snipping tool , domination has been complete . 
  i 'm pretty good at finding the vodka ... 
  hey yeah that 's pretty good !, 
  the syntax needs smoothed out a bit maybe but in terms of content it hits all the main points - cheers !, 
  i do n't mind an open ending really but i think a 3rd series could have wrapped it up . 
  on the one hand , he says `` i wo n't watch this trailer because eps 1 - 3 were cgi and shitty '' and later he says `` i heard from an sfx guy that it is n't going to be cgi and shitty at all . '', 
  eps 1 to 3 were by a different writer , a different director , produced by a different studio ... it would be like refusing to watch the trailer for star trek : in to darkness because you though that search for spock was shit . 
  pretty sure / u/kreindeker has the right of it , he clearly knows that episode 7 is n't going to be anything like eps 1 - 3 but hey - he 's got a play to promote ... 
  `` phil jupitus dislikes the star wars prequels '' also does not qualify as news . 
  bring hats , gloves , scarves , cheap waterproofs , toothbrushes , toothpaste , shower gel , socks , underwear etc to the welcome centre . 
  their staff are excellent at getting this stuff to those that need it . 
  one company i read for sometimes ( though not so much any more ) was still sending out hard copies last time i got a script from them . 
  must be a pain in the ass for them to print and bind them and it 's certainly a pain in the ass for me to dispose of them confidentially . 
  pdfs from everyone else .
