  another crushing blow for the people of carrick . 
  got ta put that new lidl somewhere, 
  i cycle past this every day . 
  lex rex would be a sweet rapper name, 
  you mean the jason watkins / jimmy nesbitt bafta rematch ? 
  count me in !, 
  too late mate , i called it !, 
  the oxfam in holywood is decent sometimes, 
  this photo hangs on the wall in bbc broadcasting house in belfast . 
  sounds like you shoulda just turfed that shit in the lagan , waited 7 years , told the story here then got a bunch of fake internet points for it . 
  [ simon heffer wrote it , johnson approved it . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/football/2012/sep/13/boris-johnson-apologises-hillsborough-article ), 
  trevor !!!!!!, 
  there 's a joke here somewhere ... gerry kelly hit at least one of the guys he shot at ... unlike the stormtrooper . . ? 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  strangford girl would be in the justice ( minister 's ) league of alliance though , right ? 
  hey , mussolini made the trains run on time ... 
  i was totally making a literal point about italian public transport in this thread about northern irish education ... 
  what i mean is that just because one element of the system ( exam results ) is working does n't mean that the system as a whole ( religions / segregated education ) is a good thing . 
  i 'm so glad i titled my script something that starts late in the alphabet , always adds to the suspense !, 
  belfast checking in - our most popular `` multi-use '' routes are all but unusable for anything other than leisurely cycling especially at weekends . 
  all it would take to improve would be if people at least paid attention when they were walking in the cycling lane ... 
  i 'm not even saying they need to stay out of it completely but if they want to walk 4 abreast then the two walking in the cycle lane need to at be ready to move in when needed ( like we do when riding two abreast ... ), 
  the paths in the city centre are n't much better ( even though most of them are painted on the road rather than the pavement ) pedestrians step out on to them without looking all the time or just treat them like extra footpaths anyway ... 
  rory best !!!!!, 
  sent off ? 
  good play tbf, 
  dare we dream bonus point ? 
  squeaky try ? 
  not now , 
  get some tektro 559 brakes , they should give you the extra reach you need, 
  callum black was born to normal human parents and not grown in a top secret front row lab . 
  honest . 
  i have been hoping for a dan abnett colonial marine story ever since first and only . 
  i think his vast experience playing with or against almost every player that ireland can field probably is an advantage , as is his familiarity playing in northern hemisphere conditions . 
  i doubt he 's the right choice in terms of overall squad development ( i 'm not overly familiar with up and coming bokkes ) but he would be a safe enough choice for this tour i imagine . 
  / obviousulsterbias, 
  it 's the smiley that makes it . 
  like they 're just playing beer pong or something ... 
  i 've got a px london road as linked above and i absolutely love it , the mechanical brake version is # 800 so might be a bit more than you want to pay . 
  super practical and super fun though . 
  what item level ? 
  yeah you need really fat / heavy rain to get the full effect when shooting at 24fps , the kind you see in tropical countries not the heavy drizzle we get here . 
  established coffee is a nice place to chill for an hour or 2, 
  ah yeah , should have included a price warning !, 
  do n't care how often this gets reposted . 
  will always upvote . 
  harsh but fair . 
  i 'm free to take the position . 
  abortions for some , miniature union flags for others !, 
  for realsies ? 
  and millions . 
  `` and then we never saw him again ... '', 
  dutch company making bikes in china but still awesome, 
  if you build up something with those components it 's not going to be a kick in the arse away from $ 2k anyway, 
  / u/lexfuckingluthor 's contributions to this thread have been on fucking point . 
  this guy has a point, 
  the spanish one is worse , a fair portion of the pictured landmass speaks portuguese !, 
  i actually saw northern ireland on one once and nearly passed out from shock, 
  it 's seems everything is included , except any fucks to give about spain . 
  there are some small fees to reserve books , make photocopies and print from microfilm but otherwise you 're already paid up !, 
  yeah they 're generally well regarded as good entry level road bikes . 
  the triban 300 was the road.cc commuter of the year in 2015 iirc . 
  or trump world , as it will become known . 
  i think the other guy you 're talking about is david isaacs . 
  he teaches writing at usc afaik . 
  i had a workshop with him a few weeks ago , he 's incredible . 
  [ enya 's local rugby team fyi ] ( http://www.pitchero.com/clubs/tirchonaill ), 
  ah very cool !, 
  this is / r/sometal not / r/kindametal !, 
  this is / r/rsometal , not / r/metalasfuck !!, 
  yeah but the swastika was the national emblem of nazi ** germany ** , just as the yoke and arrows were the emblem of fascist spain , the fasces was the emblem of fascist italy , etc. . . 
  who does this guy work for ? 
  mr burns ? 
  i got a little development money for a script recently and i commissioned some concept art from a painter buddy of mine . 
  [ this is the first piece ] ( http://imgur.com/mukxyog ) . 
  i 'm waiting on two more ambitious pieces as we speak . 
   `` he thought he could run . . , or something . . '', 
  i 'd go see that . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's a sci-fi action movie set in greenland . 
  sure !, 
  damaged sergeant anders has exiled himself at the top of the, 
  world but his quiet life is interrupted when mercenaries awaken an, 
  alien army under the greenland ice , forcing him to become the leader he, 
  is terrified to be . 
  the plot stakes are about containing an alien invasion before it can spread to the rest of the world . 
  the personal stakes for anders are about redeeming himself as a soldier and saving the life of his partner after he let his best friend die in afghanistan . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's just been through a lengthy development process with my local film board and it 's out with a few production companies so i 'm holding off on doing any more work on it for now . 
  let 's see how far it goes without eu money propping it up, 
  someone needs to get their class 2 rating, 
  i think that was actually a battle of the bands but nobody is going to fuck with kid arnold . 
  maybe he gave someone the wrong sausages . 
  whoop whoop . 
  sound of the police alert !, 
  your agent will take it to a production company ( or an in house production dept ) who will pitch it to a commissioner at the broadcaster who will commission it or not . 
  in reality , each of these stages can be a nightmare but that 's the very basic jist . 
  ... bregins . . ? 
  perhaps we should follow local tradition and start a paramilitary group to further our cause .
