  no matter how legitimate your political arguement , by engaging in acts of terrorism you - and others who support you - will be forever branded as bombers/murderers / terrorists . 
  it is n't the exact same as war . 
  for a start a power plant is n't a military target . 
  any military or paramilitary force that intentionally or unintentionally hurts or kills civilians in large numbers will ultimately lose the support of the general population . 
  if someone is killed in one of your `` legitimate '' terrorist actions , the best you can hope for is that everyone who ever loved them , and probably most of the people who ever knew them , will hate your cause . 
  if you join the military you join up knowing full well that there is a good chance that you will be put in harms way . 
  not so if you take a job as the night janitor in a power plant . 
  i guess we 're splitting hairs over whether it 's objectively worse for a terrorist to target a civilian or military target . 
  you 're right to say that people get emotional when soldiers are killed in action but it is n't unreasonable for a soldier 's family to expect them to die in combat , so what i 'm saying is that a terrorist was to attack a civilian installation like a powerplant and it caused civilian loss of like , this would arguably worse than an attack on a military target as any potential casualties did not knowingly put themselves in harm 's way . 
  so the point relating to our discussion is that in my somewhat informed opinion , killing civilians in the pursuit of a political agenda ( as you describe ) is definitely much more reprehensible than killing soldiers in pursuit of a military victory of some kind . 
  what people fail to realise is that this was a genuine attempt by colm meaney to intimidate empire in to giving his film a good review . 
  one thing that irked me slightly was when the psni officers enter the house in episode 1 with weapons drawn . 
  although the psni are the only force in the uk in which every officer is issued a fire arm , they are for personal protection only . 
  pretty sure they are n't even supposed to draw their fire-arm unless they come under direct physical threat so responding to a b&e in what looked like a fairly middle class suburban area definitely would n't qualify . 
  this is n't america !, 
  this show absolutely blew me away when i was younger and had a big effect on my sense of humour, 
  had the pleasure of working with mr. 
  herring recently and drunkenly told him as much , too . 
  here 's an anarchish poem i recently had published :, 
  the social significance of the modern drama . 
  they closed down cbgbs and the hammersmith palais ,, 
  we never would have went there anyway . 
  we never saw the pistols , patti smith or the ramones ,, 
  we could have had a riot of our own . 
  we could have been explosive in nineteen sixty eight, 
  but baby , we were both just born way too late . 
  it would have been just perfect to have met you there ,, 
  in the thick of it at grovesnor square . 
  they could lock us up together at guantanomo bay ,, 
  i still do n't think i would know what to say . 
  but if i had to stare at the walls or just stare at you ,, 
  then i guess i know which one i would choose . 
  we should be out on the streets , or fighting big brother, 
  but we do n't even know what to do with each other . 
  we shared our ideals and our drugs and our beds ,, 
  but not what was going on inside of our heads . 
  editing tip : shots of guy having fun at the beach do n't belong in the montage with the overly dramatic music . 
  still looking forward to the movie though !, 
  it might just be grant morrison fucking with you ... those screen shots still make more sense than the ending of the filth . 
  are n't somalia , sudan and libya in africa ? 
  the plot synopsis really does read like a series of sitcom episodes rather than a feature . 
  times are bad when the [ demon headmaster ] ( http://mooseontheroof.files.wordpress.com/2009/03/demon-straw1.jpg ) is making more sense than the president ... 
  https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/ let 's go !, 
  how many were white ? 
  they read them on archer . 
  `` we had a writer 's intern for the summer that was a college kid who turned in a spec script , tesha kondrat , and it was fantastic , so the story was hers , and i just fleshed it out . 
  all of the animal-hunting and people-hunting and everything was from her fevered brain . '', 
  - adam reed, 
  weirdly i just watched that the other night as well and thought i caught a glimpse !, 
  it 's not as bad as you 'd think . 
  it 's like if a 15 year old kid tried to make his ( or her ! ), 
  own version of starship troopers for about 30 quid . 
  i think the implication is that they hired her as an intern after she submitted a spec script ( which they obviously read ) . 
  he mentions spec scripts a couple of times in that interview so he does read them . 
  i would 100 % second the bike tour from belfast city bike tours . 
  there is also a good titanic boat tour which leaves from donegall quay . 
  it really depends what you are in to ... if you like a little bit of light hiking you can walk up cave hill , just 3 miles north of the city centre which gives amazing views of northern ireland ( and beyond ! ), 
  on a clear day . 
  if you get an antrim road bus and ask the driver to let you know when you get to belfast castle ( also worth a look ) then you ca n't miss it . 
  if you want to see traditional old irish pubs , the three pubs in the city which lay claim to being the oldest are white 's tavern , kelly 's cellar and mchughes . 
  all are worth a look . 
  my favourite city centre pub is probably the john hewitt , and if you want to try some great local craft beers etc you ca n't go wrong . 
  the pub is run by a charity and has a memorial to the irishmen who fought in the international brigades in the spanish civil war . 
  a very interesting place . 
  for food ( again , presuming you want places in/near the city centre ) you should check out the mourne seafood bar ( beside kelly 's cellar ) but the food is also decent in the 3 pubs mentioned . 
  if you want to know more about the political history of belfast then a black taxi tour is probably the best thing to do . 
  they will take you to areas that would n't necessarily be 100 % safe for you to just rock up to by yourselves . 
  hopefully that helps - feel free to dm me if you want to know more . 
  i regret nothing !, 
  did the tele republish this just to use that picture for the riot entry ? 
  nuke proof make frames that are kinda square :, 
  the photos on the site do n't do them justice either , they look awesome - like they 're built out of spare tank parts . 
  this might fit the bill :, 
  nice rant indeed , but as symbolic a head of state as the british monarchy now is - you have to admit that as an institution they were responsible for some pretty terrible things happening in ireland , to the point where accepting them as a symbolic head of state was a major factor in the irish civil war . 
  the monarchy 's long tradition as the irish head of state was was one delivered to the irish mostly on the point of a sword so i can see why they might not want to accept the uk monarch as a symbolic head of state ... 
  many of the stories about blair `` paddy '' mayne are apocryphal but by all accounts he was a terrific sportsman and deserves his status as a near-mythical figure in british military history as the wartime leader of the sas . 
  [ here 's the statue of him in his home town of newtonards , northern ireland . ], 
  ( http://farm2.staticflickr.com/1393/769261739_acb6f3d868_o.jpg ), 
  this sounds insanely complicated for a 12 page script . 
  keep your three act structure as tight as you can . 
  if i were you i would limit to one flashback per act just to keep things clear for the audience . 
  if you can stick to flashbacks to the jailhouse meetings and avoid flashing back further it will be less confusing for the audience in what sounds like an already densely packed script . 
  i 've seen a lot of shorts that throw conventional story structure out the window and suffer massively for it . 
  good luck !, 
  www.derrycitytours.com run a very good walking tour if you want to learn a thing or two about the city . 
  yup the walls are part of the tour !, 
  i 'm talking about the [ three act structure ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three-act_structure ) . 
  so your first act should be roughly 3 pages , your second should be six and your third should be three . 
  good advice on the saddle , thanks !, 
  i 'll definitely be replacing my `` straight '' bars no matter what . 
  i say `` straight '' because the right side actually got a bit bent in a crash and now i get a bit of shoulder pain on longer rides thanks to the wonky riding position . 
  my grip shifts and breaks will fit on to the butterfly bar i 'm looking at so for the sake of # 15 plus some tape i think i 'll give it a try . 
  cool that 's really helpful . 
  sounds like your current set up is close to what i 'll be going for ( at first at least ) - do you have any pics ? 
  interesting ... 
  i 'll try the butterfly first for all it will cost me but it 's good to know the options !, 
  yeah - a cheaper alternative to drops but a better ride than straights is pretty much what i 'm looking for - thanks !, 
  that 's reassuring - my mechanical skills are pretty basic too but i can always take it to my lbs if i get stuck !, 
  i got some # 8 under shirts and jerseys + a # 20 helmet from lidl of all places !, 
  functional lights can be got on ebay for under # 5 delivered .
