  we could call it art attack !, 
  the army council consists of you , me , neil buchanan and the head . 
  all demands are delivered through the medium of big art attack . 
  deploying facsimile of human emotion known as love, 
  sounds good , as long as we spend 90 % of our time achieving nothing and trying to murder each other . 
  no it fucking does n't i 'll murder you, 
  shatter . 
  like arkanoid meets r-type with a killer chill soundtrack . 
  ca n't wait to see jackie earle haley 's take on this scene . 
  i used to ride with trekking bars on my commuter and the biggest issue i can foresee for you is that the extra hand position you seem to be looking for , one that extends further over the front wheel , is also further away from your brakes and gears , as seen in this set up [ here ] ( https://mrsqueakywheel.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/imag0533-large.jpg ) . 
  i found this to be fine for long leisurely rides where i was n't braking or changing gear a lot but for commuting it was kind of a pain . 
  my commute is urban and hilly so with all the gear changes and stop lights i found myself on the inner bars for a lot of the time . 
  for you , this will have the opposite effect of what you want , as the inner portion of the trekking bar , where the controls live , is actually closer to the rider than a flat mtb handlebar so if you 're looking for a racier position for your commute trekking bars may not be the answer . 
  if you 're looking for a more aggressive riding position without going to drops or bulls , you could lower and/or flip your stem , maybe even do the same with a longer stem if your reach allows for it . 
  the act of union creating the united kingdom of great britain was in 1707 . 
  the act of union creating the united kingdom of great britain and ireland was in 1801 . 
  hey , fellow uk writer here . 
  i have a bit of experience working in production companies as well ( mostly in comedy / entertainment ) and i 've met a lot of drama production people over the years . 
  selling new writers to broadcasters is fucking hard . 
  the first thing the commissioner is going to ask is `` what else have they done ? '', 
  so they 'll be pitching you as this hot new writer that people are getting excited about - but to do that they 'll need to get at least one other person excited : preferably a really credible agent . 
  this is just speculation on my part based on my personal industry experience but if it turns out to be true then it 's a win for you either way . 
  you are likely to get a more senior/experienced agent if you have the weight of a production company behind you so even if that 's all you get out of this then that 's still a big deal . 
  also bear in mind that there have just been big changes at the top of bbc and c4 drama departments and its pretty much impossible to get anything away during these transition periods . 
  i used the free trial to troubleshoot a script in progress . 
  found it very useful but not sure if you could build an outline from the ground up with it . 
  it depends how you outline i guess . 
  it does n't handle full paragraphs of text very well as it really is a more visual tool . 
  if you 're making a beat sheet or very general outline it could be useful perhaps but if it was me i would still have to go away and write the full outline as some kind of text document but i suppose then i could go back to my hart chart and make sure i hit all the beats i intended to ... 
  there 's a free trial on the site , it 's definitely worth having a play around with to see if it suits your needs . 
  [ william gibson retweeted a picture of it so ... ] ( https://twitter.com/_cingraham/status/756492237517692928 ), 
  this happened to me once ( as a customer ) buying booze and when i came back the guy had closed his fucking register, 
  yeah i know i just thought it was funny ... 
  nice one !, 
  but am i crazy or should the gas mask go over the hood ? 
  maybe they mislabeled it as [ dwarf bread ] ( http://wiki.lspace.org/mediawiki/dwarf_bread ), 
   i was killing for a united ireland before it was cool . 
  ftfy, 
  bbc worldwide does operate channels that transmit in the uk , including cbbc and cbeebies as well as a 50 % stake in uktv . 
  the full channel division list from wiki :, 
  * bbc america - ( with amc networks ), 
  * bbc canada -- ( with shaw media ), 
  * bbc entertainment, 
  * bbc first, 
  * bbc earth, 
  * bbc kids, 
  * bbc knowledge, 
  * cbeebies, 
  * uktv ( with scripps networks interactive ), 
  * bbc uktv ( australia and new zealand ), 
  the clip i was looking for was from a bit of fry and laurie , originally transmitted on bbc1 ( later bbc2 ) - neither channel is operated by bbc worldwide . 
  sort of defeats the point of geoblocking if you ask me ... 
  bbc worldwide is n't a channel . 
  yeah the poor syntax adds insult to injury . 
  do n't worry , brexit will soon take care of that !, 
  when i was at school lidl was still confined to mainland europe and single fegs were 20p !, 
  it 's no real substitution for reading a fuckload of books ( which you should absolutely do ) but grabbing a thesaurus can help in the short-term . 
  just look up the words you find yourself repeating the most . 
  this is a fucking tragedy, 
  my wife 's great grandma had alzheimer 's and had to go in to hospital for a bit on an unrelated matter . 
  obviously you ca n't smoke in hospital so when she came out after a couple of weeks she had forgotten that she smoked . 
  up to that point she , had been smoking between 20 and 40 a day . 
  she was 94 at the time iirc . 
  internal server error, 
  the last drama call took forever to get back , i think they 're really slammed these days as the schemes have really taken off in terms of popularity but they ca n't afford to expand their operation to cope . 
  on a rented mountain bike in costa rica . 
  had to walk 12km back to the rental place in 90 degree heat . 
  never have i rued not asking for a puncture kit so hard ... 
  whoever composed the stranger things soundtrack must be shitting themselves . 
  edit : so much for trying to have a bit of craic around here . 
  it 's an incredibly blatant john carpenter `` homage '' . 
  you 're thinking of you 're . 
  it 's that neil gaiman you have to be wary of ... good omens is totally appropriate for a 14 year old ( i was 14 when i read it and i turned out fine , right guys ? ), 
  but there is a lot of stuff in gaiman 's other work that may not be so appropriate so just bear in mind that if your kid likes it a lot , maybe push him more towards pratchett 's other work and let him circle round to gaiman 's other stuff in a couple of years . 
  i think the primark would be out of frame camera left ? 
  that 's the tesco and the reform club on the left side of the street i think, 
  i was reading a lot of sandman at the time and in my opinion anyone who wants to read it should but if i was the kind of guy who worried about the content of my 14 year old 's reading material ( i 'm not ) i might be cautious of say , a book with a graphic sex scene that ends with a man being eaten by a vagina ... for example . 
  we had our ceremony in city hall and our reception in the empire music hall . 
  pretty sure you could get both within your budget . 
  just the evening ... we had the last ceremony at ch ( 4.30 ) then just an evening party with bowl food at the empire . 
  it was awesome . 
  my main tip is if you 're on a budget then forget about the sit down meal . 
  most of the 1918 men are off decomposing somewhere in france or belgium, 
  light uh ... finds a way . 
  green fields of france by eric vogle , or the excellent version by the dropkick murphys . 
   am i doing something wrong ? 
  maybe stop doing all those rapes . 
   til 9/11 was a false flag perpetrated by the busg administration, 
  redbad newbandnameicalledit, 
  mmm , that 's good copy pasta . 
  pulled this one on my ma a few times after reading it , i have to say . 
  she was never amused . 
  ( the trick question part , not the coffee table / nails part . 
  we did n't have a coffee table . ), 
  fuck me these are great, 
  coincidentally , indians are boss at field hockey though . 
   having people carrying guns around where you are is probably the worst feeling you can ever feel . 
  if that 's the worst feeling you ever feel then you 're doing pretty okay in life so suck it up . 
  we should let them have it , they need a win . 
  i do n't mean it in a cunty way at all ... my point is that if having some dude who is expertly trained in the use of firearms for the sole and explicit purpose of protecting civilians like you from harm standing sort of near you with a gun , not even pointing it at you , * not even looking at you * , if that is the worst feeling you have ever felt in your entire life then your life must be pretty great so you should probably consider that a win .
