  okay , first of all - i think it 's incredibly harsh that you got a downvote straight out the door on this as you do seem to be at a genuine loss and are interested in changing your situation ... 
  i do n't know you . 
  i do n't know what your aspirations in life are , i do n't know where you live but i have two very simple suggestions to motivate yourself . 
  1 - start doing some exercise . 
  go running or cycling ( if you have a bike ) or find someone to play tennis/basketball/rugby / whatever with * . 
  2 - go to this webpage : http://www.bbc.co.uk/podcasts/series/human, 
  and download the episode `` caitlin moran 19 jun 2013 '' and listen to it every time you go for that run/cycle/whatever . 
  i have never been so affected by a monologue on the radio in my entire life . 
  i really hope you can bust out of your rut . 
  when i found myself in a similar mental situation a few years ago i went to china on a teaching internship for 5 months . 
  it really helped me refocus on my life and goals and was a good thing for my cv too !, 
  * if you already do this , move on to step 2 . 
  could n't agree more !, 
  i did n't read any of the spin-off 's after ennis 's run but fuck me - that was some bleak shit . 
  [ tell me more , clark from the american office ... ] ( http://www.contactmusic.com/pics/ln/20130316/170313_office_wrap_party_5/clark-duke-the-office-series-finale-wrap_3560187.jpg ), 
  [ no shit ! ], 
  you 're welcome - good luck !, 
  [ gee , let me fucking think ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_ulster_constabulary#criticism ), 
  i spend a lot of time internet-sleuthing for my job ... 
  ... as a researcher for a tv show . 
  so not that cyberpunk i guess . 
  guess i 'll just take my tongue out of my cheek then since no one can see it 's there ... 
  then a $ 2 steak should satisfy your needs . 
  you save money , so it 's a win for you !, 
  i did n't give any information ... 
  that 's my sister 's initial and surname !!!, 
  i am going to suggest she gets one for her car ... 
  irony level : ultra, 
  to quote your friend and mine , g. k. chesterton :, 
  `` to have a right to do a thing is not at all the same as to be right in doing it . '', 
  this does n't seem to be getting the traction on international news that the flag protests/riots did . 
  i ca n't help but feel that the uk press and public have given up caring about what goes on in ni . 
  a lot of the violence this year ( from the flag protests in dec/jan to now ) has been carried out by loyalists who identify as british . 
  that 's british people burning flags and effigies , british people attacking police officers with swords , british people assaulting foreign press photographers . 
  they are doing this in your name , waving your flag . 
  and you do n't care . 
  well it 's making the news in ni and surely it 's less surprising here than it is in britain - not sure i buy that as a reason . 
  that seems unlikely as there is no active military mission in ni any more . 
  what 's bigoted about that ? 
  i would urge you to stay and help us make it better , but it 's a lot to ask of some random dude on the internet ... 
  i have n't read all his posts but that seems a bit harsh - i think the idea that other british people may or may not want northern ireland as part of the union is an interesting topic that is often ignored . 
  we do piss a lot of their tax pounds up the wall . 
  interesting angle - could be !, 
  if they are then it certainly opens up a whole other can of worms ... 
  actually with the state of our local news you 'd be surprised ... 
  ca n't argue with that , really . 
  it 's significantly more widespread and has been going on for much longer this year than it has for a while . 
  the attitude that `` oh that 's just what they do there at this time of year '' is what worries me . 
  it 's 12 miles from northern ireland to scotland . 
  til : this exists :d, 
  would the attitude be different if it was happening in other devolved parts of the uk , i wonder ( scotland or wales , basically ... ) ? 
  in previous years , a parade has generally passed an interface area and there has been a disturbance at that interface and/or local area . 
  this year we are seeing sustained rioting and what can only amount to the attempted murder of police officers in areas where parades passed peacefully or had no parades at all which is a very worrying and important distinction . 
  no , i see your point . 
  i 'm sure it seems like a subtle difference but i find it hard to put in to words how frustrating and heartbreaking it is to see this place start to slide backwards again while the rest of the country just carries on hoping that we 'll go away . 
  poor neil , if they are n't sending him death threats they 're burning down the city where he 's playing his qualifying matches ... 
  not a lot of looting goes on at our riots for some reason . 
  i seen a bloke nick a baton off of a peeler on the helicopter camera footage though ... 
  it does !, 
  but apparently it used to be a thing . 
  some handy stats on the topic from bbc ni :, 
  in the five nights of trouble since the trouble started , 71 police officers - 68 psni and three mutual aid - have been injured , 62 people have been arrested ( including seven on tuesday ) , 51 plastic bullets have been fired by police and at least 125 petrol bombs have been thrown at officers . 
  get to laos !, 
  that 's part of what i find interesting about it , 
  the british and irish governments have denounced their claims :, 
  rm have phased out most of their bikes , alas . 
  do you mind if i ask which town/butcher it is ? 
  i 'd love to check it out !, 
  the jungle has half-decent clay pigeon shooting . 
  source ? 
  i make television programmes . 
  sometimes i feel like we 're just creating more opium for the masses but i love telling stories and hopefully as my career progresses i will be able to tell the stories that i want to tell . 
  marcus aurelius never said any of that shit . 
  source : actually read meditations instead of copying and pasting from some link i found . 
  less passive aggressive source : http://classics.mit.edu/antoninus/meditations.html, 
  should be the cover image for this :, 
  t13 is a great venue for something like this - good luck with it !, 
  do n't forget that you can get your term in purgatory reduced by following him on twitter !, 
  also , the church basically redacted his atheism comments ... wo n't be long before they redact this , too . 
  come on , cohaagen !, 
  give these people air !, 
  fair point - let 's see how they `` clarify '' this then !, 
  that 's where it lost me . 
  so close ... 
  here 's one with over 2700 karma :, 
  a comment on the reza aslan iama with over 2000 :, 
  comments debunking the quote ( including mine ) have 2 points a piece :, 
  someone usually points it out but it does n't get a lot of attention - links included to illustrate . 
  you 're probably right , just gets my goat a bit to see misinformation rewarded with huge karma on a sub like this . 
  quite correct , i have added the 100 + comment to the main post . 
  the top comment on that post had 1700 + karma so 110 is still pretty low . 
  yes , full points for not misattributing it but i do n't think it would have got so much karma if it was n't recognisable to people as a `` famous '' quote, 
  pretty sure i counted 11 people in one of those photos ... 
  the collection chomsky on anarchism is interesting and quite accessible . 
  just bought my first place 6 months ago !, 
  gapso ( n ) : the act of proving a point that is in fact the opposite of the point you intended to make . 
  i could never eat a whole candelabra for dinner . 
  yeah this is way off . 
  the police were attacked by loyalists when they were prevented from attacking a parade commemorating the internment of hundreds of people without trial in the 1970s . 
  a quick google will reveal ni loyalists share a lot of links with * right wing * political and militant groups .
