  i 'd give it a go for 3 quid . 
  lack of aldi in northern ireland is annoying :(, 
  yeah me too !, 
  no aldi in northern ireland :(, 
  this is amazing . 
  i plan to write some coverage of this in the style of my [ bad dolphin coverage ] ( https://belcast.wordpress.com/2014/02/25/script-report-bad-dolphin/ ) . 
  stay tuned . 
  i guess you 're white then . 
  annoyed that i 'm only finding out about this now , but this post is an awesome way to do so !, 
  my brother was issued one when he was a postman and he used to drop it off at my dad 's house and do his route on a steel frame dawes mountain bike instead . 
  he 's always been a fairly proficient cyclist but says they 're too heavy to tackle any kind of hilly terrain . 
  touts out, 
  really wish that game was n't in scotland : /, 
  when the online service first started , our postcode was wonky on their system and kept sending their drivers on a wild goose chase . 
  kept me in free garlic bread for like a year . 
  clowns have also been ruined forever . 
  [ father ted would be proud . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bnh162vqk4 ), 
  unless they patch the annoyance in the interim ? 
   lurgan : two 15-year-olds charged over petrol bombing and rail alert, 
  coincidentally , this is also the slogan on the town 's coat of arms . 
  the psni putting public safety before politics in the * literal definition of their fucking job * . 
  good for him . 
  the latin for `` petrol bomb '' is particularly poetic, 
  i saw him in a production of equus once with the full tackle on display . 
  this was the pre-theon days , though . 
  grinding gears is even more frustrating than grinding div tech, 
  me too !, 
  just making a grinding joke since ^ this ^ thread ^ ^ is ^ ^ about ^ ^ ^ grinding . . ? 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  the irony being that the a.i would have proof that its creator actually exists, 
   shaggy , like . 
  nuff said . 
  pretty solid line up all things considering . 
  i 'm quietly confident . 
  the error count was still pretty high in the first half but at least they were defending decently . 
  i do n't think connacht have ever won a game at ravenhill so hopefully the trend will continue ... 
  [ am i doing it right ? 
  pork and hickory smoked from the butcher in the corner at st george 's market, 
  was it paul ? 
  yeah i worked with him on a comedy panel show last year . 
  nice guy . 
  did n't see them in my local one at the weekend there but will have a nosey on my way home . 
  the spice must flow, 
  correct . 
  he has aged several decades . 
  that was 30 years ago :(, 
  the guy who played admiral ackbar died, 
  only got a 2 % share on the night tho :(, 
  derry man uses one weird trick to get free delivery !, 
  postmen hate him !, 
  i have a feature in development with my local film board . 
  i 'm waiting on some notes from them before i get stuck in to the next draft . 
  it 's a sci-fi action film set in greenland . 
  thanks man , you too !, 
  great memories of playing this ( badly ) on-stage when i was 15 ... 
  it would be impolite not to . 
  did n't i read somewhere that there was a big upswing in irish learners in east belfast ? 
  you are correct , however delores is actually from limerick . 
  now that the dust has ( mostly ) settled , we need some positive songs about northern ireland - maybe a power ballad about the guy who invented the portable defibrilator or a techno track that samples sam neil 's dialogue from peaky blinders . 
  he is indeed but his antrim accent in blinders is awesome ... though he does n't exactly play a `` positive '' character ... 
  nailed it . 
  a nice song about rory would also suffice . 
  a word of caution on this , i read a lot of scripts where characters have cool interesting names but 4 syllable names like `` ophelia '' do n't always scan well in dialogue and tend to get shortened , just as we do in real conversation . 
  so if you knew this person irl , what would you call them ? 
  both scan badly ( to me ) . 
  i just read a script where the shortened version of a character 's memorable name was actually a very common verb , which made certain lines of dialogue scan even worse . 
  just something to consider . 
  ps : i sit across from an ophelia at work . 
  weird . 
  dunno why this got downvoted . 
  i use a similar process . 
  totally get that , just adding my 2 cents, 
  the dawes galaxy and btwin triban both spring to mind ... 
  good list !, 
  i agree with the scores for the most part , though i would maybe score mcgraths a little higher . 
  farmageddon india export porter and galway bay buried at sea are two favs of mine that you skipped . 
  ca n't believe there 's no vue in belfast any more !!, 
  i wonder if dublin are showing it ... 
  yeah but they have mounts for mudguards and a rack and are cheap as chips so worth a look at least, 
  i think the 500 can take 28mms . 
  depends on your needs ofc . 
  and not preston, 
   my shirt is not as backwards as our politics, 
  legend . 
  jezza lives on the edge, 
  except the northern ireland part of the map , which would be covered in holes filled with purple weapon drops, 
  to be fair , white australians lead extremely sheltered lives for the most part, 
  culturally sheltered then , smart arse , 
  it 's a double dunter, 
   that 's some depressing metaphor . 
  ftfy, 
  my last boss drank green tea with milk in it . 
  i 'm unemployed now . 
  anne frank was dutch . 
  otherwise this seems 100 % plausible . 
  [ well ... ] ( https://media0.giphy.com/media/y2nbrjyar6rim/200_s.gif ), 
  i heard the swedes got her in 1950 . 
  if someone can just stroke me one of their sweet hats , that 'd be class . 
  first the knight ride now this .
