  china acts in a way populists wish the us did . 
  they 're self focused on immigration , trade , how they give aid ( their companies benefit ) , foreign policy etc. 
  if they had the terrorist/immigration problems the west has right now they would be acting in a much more brutal way . 
  their history proves it . 
  they 're very self focused on everything they do right now . 
  trump is not as far along on that route as china . 
  he 's just louder and the world has different standards for the us than china . 
  i 'm not even sure china wants the partnership i see a lot of people talking about . 
  they 're pretty focused on gaining dominance in their local region . 
  maybe a trade agreement , but that will only happen if china gets more exports to europe than the other way around . 
  do n't be too confident they 'll honor your ip laws either . 
  only for the us though . 
  maybe some of the other major partners will take on a small amount of that like the uk , but the vast majority will be the us . 
  sounds like a good deal to poland tbh . 
  i doubt that burden will be on them . 
  i do n't think this is completely accurate on how putin views the world . 
  you should watch the 2007 speech he gave at the munich security council . 
  that 's when he changed from the putin who wanted to join/make nice with nato into the putin we know today . 
  i 'm not saying he 's right , but he views nato as super aggressive and as an institution that will only respect someone who is willing to stand up to them . 
  it 's kind of a fascinating look into his mind tbh . 
  makes his moves make much more sense given his perspective . 
  here it is https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hq58yv6kp44 . 
  it 's on a pro russia youtube channel , but it 's unedited . 
  and no , again , i 'm not defending him just disputing your map of how russia views the world . 
  the populist right is nationalist , but the neocons and free trade conservatives are definitely very globalist . 
  the left also definitely has times where they would want to protect their workers even if that position is currently being championed by the populists . 
  both sides have an isolationist and globalist subset depending on the climate . 
  nato is n't designed to regulate relations between member countries or enable trade/decision making . 
  it 's designed to be a rigorous automatic response in the case of war , especially nuclear war . 
  and the whole doctrine of diplomatic relations under the threat of nuclear war is automatic total response in order to deter action from your enemy . 
  it 's far stronger than some economic and political alliance . 
  it has to be or it would 've been useless against the soviet union and it has n't changed since then . 
  yes , if a country chooses not to honor a treaty and their legal system is not strong enough to withstand a leader trying to ignore it that could happen . 
  nato countries are first world though and do n't have that trait . 
  some judge or parliament would not be able to magically fix this hypothetical collapse in law . 
  do they have their own army that can force these countries to comply ? 
  what if france tells the eu judges to go fuck themselves ? 
  oh , and they have nukes to deter any country from forcing them to comply with eu law . 
  binding agreement my ass then . 
  what a ridiculous point . 
  thank god the generals in charge are more serious about this than you . 
  well , estonia is in nato and so is spain , italy , and germany so yes we would all die for estonia . 
  if china nuked estonia tomorrow , nato 's response and mutually assured destruction would be triggered automatically . 
  china would know this too so it would trigger nuclear war . 
  people are talking like citizens are going to be the ones to trigger this response so if we 're mad at each other it 's at risk . 
  no it 's not . 
  all of our militaries have these scenarios mapped out so they happen automatically since there 's not a lot of time to respond to icbms . 
  there wo n't be any debate here . 
  we 'd all die for each other until the alliance is formally dissolved or our countries legal systems break down to where no treaties are binding . 
  and anyone who thinks nato is on the brink of falling apart is off base . 
  do n't mistake tension between trump , the uk , and the eu for our militaries suddenly deciding that china would be a better partner . 
  not even close right now . 
  nato is not some chill alliance . 
  it 's arguably the strongest/most important treaty in the world since world war 1 . 
  nato is not a fickle alliance system . 
  the treaties are binding in the same way the eu would be . 
  in fact , it 's probably a stronger binding treaty than the eu itself right now as it has the ability to commit countries to nuclear warfare . 
  if a country does not have an accountable legal system that enforces binding treaties then there is no reason that the eu would be any more rigorous . 
  and yes , the us definitely has binding obligations to defend other countries in nato and would have an automatic response in the event of an attack . 
  anything suggesting otherwise or that an eu defense force ( which i want to happen ! ), 
  would suddenly be an upgrade if they broke off from the us is misguided . 
  yea but you get to inherit a billion dollars haha . 
  and having a parent as a president almost certainly makes life easier when you 're older . 
  i do n't think anyone will blame barron if trump does a bad job . 
  is anyone hounding bush 's daughters ? 
  all i 'm saying is i 'm sure his life is going to be sweet and i do n't feel too bad for him . 
  i bet his life will be dope . 
  you get all the pros of having a dad as a president , and inheriting a billion dollars while no one is mad at you because you 're so young . 
  and that 's a terrible law . 
  certain things should be left to social norms and not the government . 
  many islamists scholars point to that specific example to justify why they think it 's fair to ban certain types of speech like banning drawings of mohammed . 
  if the populace is truly so incompetent that we ca n't handle these sort of things ourselves over the long run then we 're doomed anyways . 
  this is actually pretty fair . 
  when i looked into tesla it turned out that they put a lot more talent/energy into the production lines over the products themselves . 
  i do n't know if european and other car makers have the same focus or not . 
  anyways , i think if there 's an edge tesla will have , it will be a combination of getting an edge on production lines ( very long term ) , the electric head start , and automated driving . 
  it wo n't be because it 's a better car in a traditional sense . 
  i 'm not arguing with you at all . 
  i completely get it as honestly the world power distribution was set in stone in unfair ways after ww2 . 
  i 'm just saying that it definitely will not go smoothly on the worldwide level if germany takes this course of action . 
  exiting the treaty legally does not mean that all the powers i mentioned above will react favorably to it . 
  i was also assuming a favorable us response which honestly would n't happen . 
  i 'm certain russia and china would have something to say and do about it . 
  as would many others . 
  i would n't be surprised if even france and the uk took actions to block it . 
  i personally would n't oppose it , but they did sign the npt as a non nuclear power in order to get access to nuclear technology . 
  even if the us was down , i 'd be willing to bet that china , russia , japan , south america , iran etc. 
  would try to block that . 
  then it would get even murkier because countries like india and israel would be mad that they had to develop their nuclear capabilities on their own since they did n't sign , but germany just gets to opt in . 
  such an action might destabilize the whole treaty honestly . 
  much more likely is a deal with france to house their nuclear weapons . 
  i 'm ok with this actually , but germany ratified the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons which makes this very hard for them to get it . 
  it 's not just the us who would have something to say . 
  china and russia would almost certainly oppose that very aggressively . 
  probably japan and others too . 
  obviously iran and middle eastern countries as well . 
  it would open a whole can of worms with a ton of countries being mad that germany got an exception . 
  something much more likely would be some sort of deal where france shares it 's own weapons . 
  there 's also the part about making sure that trade flows freely around the world . 
  or that countries like north korea do n't attack your trade partners/allies like japan or south korea .
