a lot of the countries with too many tourists should contemplate taking [ bhutan 's model . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_bhutan ) have a heavy daily visa fee that filters out low spenders , lowers the traffic , and still captures most of the benefits from tourism . 
  as long as they 're comfortable with other countries responding in kind it could go a long way to fixing this problem and bring in more revenue . 
  no one has access to that besides spacex since they 're a private company . 
  it 's impossible for anyone here to provide a source for that . 
  all we have are articles that rely on musk 's ambitious claims which are almost always exaggerated . 
  [ this article ] ( https://www.space.com/36412-spacex-completely-reusable-rocket-elon-musk.html ) claims that when they hit full reusability , fuel costs will be in between 200-300k usd per flight and likely some depreciation will have to be factored in . 
  we likely do n't even have 100 % perfect sources on customer costs as i 'm sure many companies negotiate cheaper costs/have specific demands once you get in the 10 's of millions range . 
  i do think in many cases it 's perfectly reasonable to make an argument like this using logic instead of hard sources . 
  of course being able to reuse a rocket is going to be likely cheaper than having to build a new one each time . 
  fuel is like < 5 % of the cost per flight . 
  we can watch who customers gravitate to over time to see who is the most reliable/cheapest over the years as a good heuristic . 
  if that 's not good enough for you , sorry . 
  it 's not like this argument has any real outcomes that come out of this anyway though . 
  we 'll see what happens in 20 years i guess . 
  china and russia view nato as a shared threat . 
  they probably view it in their best interest to work together to challenge it . 
  china does n't care about the baltics , but they do care about the south china sea and taiwan . 
  i do n't know enough about this process in poland to comment on that , but i just want to add that the important part for the us judiciary is the fact that firing them is super hard . 
  yes it 's through congress , but impeaching and convicting a judge is no small thing . 
  it would truly have to be something outrageous and requires a large number of people in the senate to convict . 
  far more than a simple majority . 
  the judiciary here has no qualms with opposing congress or the president and many would argue that they even took more power than they should have . 
  let alone the opposite like it appears ( to me ) to be happening in poland . 
  paul krugman is not far left , but he is in the similar camp of people like greenspan . 
  he 's awful at managing tail risks just like all of the banks who thought it would be reasonable to have massive leverage on subprime loans before 2008 . 
  if you issue bonds at a low rate , you 're going to have to pay them back when they expire unless you manage to issue new bonds at similar rates at that point . 
  there 's no guarantee that will happen . 
  mixing super complex economies and high leverage is a long term recipe for disaster . 
  edit : btw my country is even worse at it for dumber reasons so i 'm not talking shit  . 
  they 're standing for ` free trade ' for chinese goods . 
  go ahead and try to start a company that sells goods that competes with chinese companies there . 
  they 'll shut you down . 
  do you think facebook and google do n't have presences there for shit and giggles ? 
  it 's actually pretty good for most people if you have healthcare from your employer . 
  it could be argued to be better than a lot of countries . 
  i 'm super happy with mine . 
  for me and others in my shoes it 's almost certainly better than most single payer or multi payer programs . 
  with possible exceptions for countries like singapore which are just super on top of it . 
  the issue pre obamacare were people who were low income , but not enough for medicaid and now it 's people who are middle class on the individual market paying a ton . 
  obviously tons of edge cases , but that 's the general trend . 
  edit : not making any moral argument here , just saying that a lot of americans have very good care . 
  i do n't actually like al jazeera , but al jazeera in arabic is basically a completely different news org . 
  that was the group that the saudis are mad about . 
  just saying . 
  america would not be alone in being hypocritical in this situation . 
  you could guarantee that china , russia , india , pakistan and many others would try very hard to block this . 
  i do agree that it is ultimately hypocritical for some countries to get nukes while others do n't . 
  it 's one of the reasons india and pakistan never signed up . 
  tell that to the coast guard lol . 
  they 're the ones with the warships . 
  clearly these laws are poorly designed if they allow this situation to unfold without any recourse . 
  it may be time to structure them in a way that does n't allow it to be so blatantly abused . 
  god i 'd be so happy if we extradited them . 
  or just pressed charges locally . 
  idk why we 're all fighting for our countries here . 
  odds are all of us fall into the social class of not being above the law unlike these execs . 
  both the us and germany have seriously dropped the ball on white collar crime . 
  i 'm definitely not rich enough to be bougie . 
  the new york area has a very large spectrum of people . 
  i also no longer live in nyc . 
  edit : i do think i agree that the groups you 're referring to probably do n't care at all about foreign politics . 
  i 'm just arguing it 's a wider spectrum than that . 
  new yorkers do believe they 're in the center of the world , but i 'd say most know who macron and merkel are . 
  and if they do n't they 're probably not doing so well . 
  i think it 's reasonable for people in those positions to be worrying about other things . 
  i think most major metropolises are like that honestly . 
  to be fair this is all anecdotal for me so take it with a grain of salt . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think china is willing to escalate this farther than either the us or the eu . 
  even if they 're united on this . 
  possibly to nuclear war if necessary . 
  it 's their top foreign policy priority along with tibet being part of china . 
  the us would never give up hawaii regardless of how the rest of the world acted . 
  this is similar . 
  russian gas is better than coal or saudi oil imo . 
  all things considered , russia is still a more reliable partner than salafist countries . 
  i get annoyance and all , but tourism in general is super good for a country . 
  it 's one of the best ratios for a transfer of resources from one country to another . 
  and it 's not a small industry . 
  it not only keeps a large group of your fellow citizens above water , happy , and not reliant on gov. 
  but they also manage to contribute as well . 
  it 'd be a shame if china is growing it 's tourism expenditures and the west did not manage to capture any of the benefit of that . 
  and that will require dealing with annoying tourists and providing good customer service . 
  worth it . 
  yea fuck this shit . 
  i just want a normal internet . 
  this is really frustrating . 
  it never fails to amaze me how people claim that the gov agencies are these master manipulators when they ca n't even stop someone like snowden ( a random contractor ) from dumping all of their secrets . 
  certainly they 've pulled some shenanigans , but secretly running a massive drug empire without getting caught ? 
  faking 9/11 ? 
  lol hilarious . 
  it would take just 1 disgruntled employee to bring the whole ring crashing down . 
  academia and pharmaceuticals are different spheres . 
  also , in general america 's stem research is actually very rigorous so i do n't think this is fair criticism at all . 
  the us spends a ton on research and a lot of money goes towards making our universities nice . 
  frankly , this is one area where i think the us has an edge over the rest of the world . 
  other countries have their own advantages of course so this is n't intended to attack anybody . 
  the large hadron collider is arguably the greatest single structure in the world and the us definitely did not pay for the majority of that  . 
  i think europeans will be very disappointed if they think china will be a better partner in general than the us .
