i know , finding a good hiding place for a walking stick is probably quite difficult !, 
   people complaining about the imaginary austerity they suffered through . 
  when people have lost their jobs and are now living on much lower wages they 're bound to get pissed off when they see # 1.7 bn going to the eu which we know will never be spent here . 
  i am so glad that an american is enlightening me on the experiences of the working population in the uk . 
  wages for 90 % of the population are fucking shit . 
  people are pissed off about cuts and now the general population is seeing that we 're having to hand over # 1.7 bn . 
  # 1.6 bn is a huge sum of money , especially at a time when the nhs is in need of a very big budget increase , and all that this is doing is increasing anti-eu sentiment in this country . 
  plenty of people criticised brazil because it failed to produce a lot of what it promised . 
  people were also concerned with security in the build-up . 
  the woolsack race is also held in nearby tetbury where people run around with a massive sack of wool on their back . 
  i 've also taken part in a rubber duck race on a river near here . 
  so embarassing . 
  each to their own i guess . 
  i do n't envy her position . 
  you do n't think ? 
  if i spend a day travelling i 'm exhausted . 
  ca n't imagine what it 's like for an almost 90-year-old . 
   barely done anything other than countless visits and tours for decades and long after most people would retire . 
  maybe if we had n't fucked up that region after ww2 the situation would be better . 
  i think probably the most obvious difference is that more of them speak english . 
  i think you 're making a much bigger deal out of it than should be . 
  it 's poor from the reporter and that 's the end of it . 
  i 've seen the bbc be called biased from all sections of society - to me that indicates that they are n't bias . 
  in this instance i believe the reporter had not seen what happened first hand - it 's poor from the reporter but i do n't think the bbc as a whole is to blame . 
  how many droughts have there been in the last 12 years ? 
  we are as powerful as pretty much any ordinary citizen in any ordinary country . 
  unfortunately most people are simply ill-informed and the majority of them could n't give two shits anyway . 
  less than 50 % european and most similar to spain . 
  whatever that means . 
  haha , just a weekend at landgraaf . 
  better than any skiing we have here . 
  france - skiing mostly . 
  belgium - war graves/battlefields . 
  netherlands - skiing . 
  spain - holidays , school trips and pre season football . 
  portugal - holiday . 
  germany - school trip . 
  iceland - holiday and school trip . 
  austria - holiday/meeting a friend . 
  italy - holiday/skiing . 
  turkey - holiday/war graves . 
  croatia - holiday . 
  bosnia - day trip . 
  greece - holiday . 
  uk , obviously . 
  total = 16 going to san marino in september to tick that off the list and to watch england play . 
  why were you guarding the toilets ? 
  i see , that makes sense . 
  why does it use the minimum wage from 1999 when it is increased every year ? 
  my conversion gives the uk minimum wage as 8.79 euros . 
  also there is no way that man united have the cheapest season tickets - i believe that honour goes to man city . 
  that 's not how we are though really , or at least in my experience . 
  this is about personal giving - completely un-related to politics . 
  people do care abut those who are less fortunate . 
  i 'm sure our percentage of homeless people is still low in comparison to many other countries . 
  why is children in need such a big deal ? 
  i think a lot of it is to do with the fact that they support people and projects in this country . 
  the salvation army is one of the most donated to charities in the uk , we also support things like charity-funded lifeboat services , air ambulances etc. 
  why not ? 
  that 's the exact definition of generous - giving to others ... 
  but our portion of voluntary work is comparably low . 
  we have a very high level of personal giving which i would 've expected . 
  and i think your anti-abortion charity is a bad example - it would still be a charity and people would still be willing to give up their money to support its work . 
  why is it embarassing ? 
  just because we 're better than the rest of europe at something ? 
  should our media not publish it so as not to offend everyone who is n't quite as good as us in this one area ? 
  thank you . 
  pretty clear that the uk is much more about giving money to others than personally getting involved through volunteering and `` helping a stranger '' than other countries i guess we do n't have a reputation as being reserved for nothing . 
  that 's what i assumed but i 'd like to see a table comparing each country in each assessed area . 
  would be interesting to see . 
  i 'd really like to see their methodology for this - does foreign aid come into it at all or is it solely about personal giving ? 
  well hopefully the very pro-remain mp of my pro-remain constituency votes against it though . 
  loving the daily mail comments at the moment . 
  corbyn was never the biggest fan of the eu . 
  tory efforts were half-hearted and dirsupted by internal conflict . 
  there were also lots of protests , bristol , london , even smaller towns . 
  cheddar and pineapple on a stick , please . 
  alright ... well kendal mint cake is n't protected so we 'll just stick to that . 
  kendal mint cake and pork pies then . 
  ah who cares !? 
  i boo the entire continent minus malta and ireland every year !, 
  probably sweden . 
  again . 
  has n't italy 's entry got/had a number one with that song ? 
  and i voted for germany because ... nah i 'm kidding . 
  no one voted for them . 
  and malta giving us douze points ? 
  a glorious moment . 
  we have so many fantastic musicians but we end up with two guys no one has ever heard of because it 's political suicide for a british artist to perform in eurovision . 
  well it was between australia , ukraine and russia almost from the off but i suppose not knowing how many points you 'll get makes it difficult to tell amongst the top few countries . 
  i miss being so easily able to predict how each country votes though . 
  takes out a lot of the fun for me . 
  a competition that 's been politicised since the public was first allowed to have a say decades ago . 
  got to say though that as a piece of music i think ukraine 's song is garbage . 
  i love that our expectations are so low . 
  doing so well for us means not in the bottom quarter . 
  an attempt to get rid of the political voting that fell flat on its face . 
  and the fact that a country ( poland ) can go from 7 votes to 229 in a split second . 
  well that new voting system is shit . 
  jamaicans and nigerians in the uk as well .
