  and how is buried infrastructure accessed ( pipes , sewage , etc. ) ? 
  are manholes on the sidewalks ? 
  frankly , out of all the crappy news from the last couple of years , hearing merkel talk about supporting turkey joining eu is the most concerning one for me , right after seeing how germany weaseled out of taking a hard-line on russia for its criminal actions from ukraine , to keep itself hooked to cheap russian gas . 
  i 'm for a federal europe on a long term ( beyond 2100 ) and i 'm aware many contemporary eu citizens do n't want that but i at least want to see we 're walking towards it . 
  if turkey joins the eu it 's game over for a federal europe ( and uk knows it , which is why they supported the move for a long time ) . 
  i 'm betting on overdose from ruptured drug package in digestive tract, 
  the song from uk is `` do what we want or we 'll crash your house down '' . 
  same song used by greece , only they threatened with runaway defaults of nation 's debts . 
  fuck these scaremongerers . 
  wait for the british choice and be well prepared for an exit . 
  a federal europe without uk is no longer impossible in our lifetimes . 
  he was wise . 
  do n't forget the eternal chewing gum . 
  unfortunately , your opinions are stereotypical and i wo n't continue the discussion . 
  there 's a huge difference between physical goods which have a high cost of making another unit and ip which has 0 cost of making another unit . 
  it 's why only ignorants call pirating software , music and movies `` stealing '' while educated people know this is a license breach , which is an essentially different problem . 
  you actually ca n't drive to romania to buy a steam game today because you do n't have a romanian credit card and even if you somehow pay for it you will not be able to play it in germany because of your german ip . 
  geofencing of digital goods is a major difference vs. physical goods and an already working example of how fair prices could be offered but are n't . 
  economics work as local laws dictate not by some holy over-national principles or the law of the jungle . 
  ip laws provide companies with artificial monopolies , which are not normal but a disequilibrium assumed based on the good intention of nurturing small companies to market . 
  this was 100 + years ago . 
  in the mean time ip laws created gargantuan monopolies in the market and provide an insurmountable advantage for established companies against anyone who even thinks about challenging them . 
  a recent perfect example of what current ip laws allow is the overnight increase in price from $ 13.50 per pill to $ 750 for a drug absolutely necessary to some people , which occurred simply because martin shkreli , the ceo of turing pharmaceuticals , has this legal possibility to extort money from people who have no alternative . 
  educate yourself before spewing out crap about porsches and economics . 
  dumb/malicious interpretation . 
  what i want is for a 60 eur game in germany to have a same day price of 12-15 eur in romania due to the factual purchasing power being 5 + times lower . 
  same for any other type of ip . 
  instead , we have global prices but enormous differences in how difficult it is to afford them . 
  and then the us corporations try to get countries to crack down on their own citizens to avoid the trouble of providing a price as easy to afford as it is for a us citizen . 
  radically against it . 
  us draws much of its gdp due to copyright & other ip laws . 
  they succeeded so far to greatly influence equivalent laws across most countries to the dramatic outcome where other countries spend their own resources to enforce draconic copyright laws and thus protect us income while getting nothing in return since they ca n't even dream of competing with us software , movies , r & d , etc. 
  ttip is a major push towards eternal copyright and crushing patents . 
  also , the absolute secrecy around its negociation is an automatic rejection on my part . 
  i want to know where each party stood at the beginning and which individuals pulled in which directions . 
  so i 'm very ready to protest until this crap burns like acta did . 
  god , i 've been waiting for so long ... 
  obviously . 
  in ukraine russia uses ground troops but not in syria . 
  also , in syria russia uses planes but not in ukraine . 
  there 's an abyssal difference between how various nations handle immigrants . 
  in us , there 's a strong culture , backed by strong actions and resources , that all but ensures assimilation . 
  in europe , for historical reasons , multiculturalism was/is much more prevalent and it was handled extremely bad . 
  citizens and politicians allowed a level of decadence that breaks the individual from his nation and allows enclavisation of immigrants in groups that get to keep and nurture values that are in open conflict with the principles their hosting nations were founded upon . 
  things get worse for children of immigrants caught in these groups because they 're grown to cherish values whose real world failure they did not experience and are taught that the blame for anything wrong in their life lies with the world outside the enclave . 
  bici pliz : maci bet\u0103r speling sistem for ingli\u0219, 
  :d :d :d :d :d :d, 
  this video should really be forbidden . 
  i somehow forget about it and then it blows me away again . 
  my very very egoist main concern about the brexit was the inability to use amazon.co.uk anymore . 
  all the other european amazon sites are very focused on specific countries and often do n't ship to romania , unlike amazon.co.uk from whom i was able to buy for many years both directly and from 3rd party merchants . 
  obviously , from now on my first destination becomes amazon.de in english . 
  very nice . 
  the problem is they 're allowed to conduct the tests in totally unrealistic conditions . 
  they use slippery tape to make the car smooth , inflate the tires perfectly for the job , take on minimal weight , write off about 0.5 l if they install a start/stop system etc. 
  a realistic drive test based on statistical data from major eu cities would double the fuel consumption . 
  you got tired of holding that shift ? 
  i failed to find info on any attack this year in israel , that is in any way comparable to the butcherings going on in france over the last 2 years, 
  while you 're right about past warheads ( especially russian ones ) being more powerful to compensate for low accuracy , i think there is no justification for the genocide that will always result from using even one of them against a city-sized target ( for example , there are icbms which can wipe out 90 % of a city like paris ) . 
  the attackers will always try to claim they just wanted the military targets but when you kill millions to get those targets the justification vanishes . 
  [ mmmm ] ( http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view7/4570968/cartman-licks-tears-o.gif ), 
  good . 
  uk fucks the eu , we fuck the en . 
   sure , luv . 
  we live and die for uk to prosperity . 
  \\* to prosperiting, 
  meanwhile , someone in the slovakian delegation [ hums this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bcmh8rpvhc ) from behind, 
  climate change will push tens of millions out of uninhabitable northern africa and towards europe . 
  we will have to kill them to keep living anywhere close to what we know today . 
  this is sure to cause many present day lefty democratic states switch to more authoritarian regimes , which will ignite war in europe again . 
  or maybe we 'll just be one big state by then so we can kill them more easily with less internal pains for us . 
  either way , there is no future for those living in northern africa 30-60 years from now and that means war . 
  and how does one go about demonstrating his/hers maximumest attachment to glorious denmark ? 
  problem solved !, 
  thanks cheap empty gestures that make me feel good about myself so i do n't really have to care to the point where i get bothered to do the slightest thing that actually makes a difference !, 
  is n't david cameron the champion of the retards who got uk out of the eu ? 
  then unless he speaks to tell about how now he can shoot ping pong balls out of his ass , he should just shut the fuck up forever , in his pit of eternal shame . 
  man , they 're not subtle . 
   vodafone said that 55 % of group profits in the last financial year came from its european operations , with the uk providing just 11 % . 
  the company is also to start reporting its financial results in euros , rather than pounds . 
  ...  vodafone said the single legal framework spanning all member states , as well as freedom of movement , capital and goods , were `` integral to the operation of any pan-european business '' . 
   the company said : `` it remains unclear at this point how many of those positive attributes will remain in place once the process of the uk 's exit from the european union has been completed , '' it said . 
  ...  vodafone said it would strengthen its regulatory and public policy activities in brussels `` to ensure the group 's substantial businesses within the european union continue to be represented appropriately '' . 
  i hope they give him a little chair at the table , sit him down and just stare . 
  just stare until he dissolves in his own stupidity . 
  rip, 
  i guess god does n't amuse easily, 
  he may or may not be connected with the king . 
  i hear . 
  you are wise to stay away from our permanently submerged submarine, 
  that 's just jokes, 
  that would be bullshit served in all-you-can-eat fashion . 
  there are less than 50 us missiles stationed at deveselu and all of them are puny anti-icbm units . 
  i doubt you would be able to take out even one building with such a missile . 
  there are only 2 legitimate concerns russia can raise against those missiles and i do n't give a single fuck about either of them : 1 . 
  the missiles at deveselu could conceivably hinder a russian icbm attack against europe because icbms are vulnerable when they 're slowly ascending and these us missiles are close enough to some russian launch sites when the launch trajectories go towards europe . 
  however , they are not close enough to stop russian launches against us mainland and 50 missiles will not magically stop the hundreds of icbms russia has on the ready . 
  so the missiles at deveselu would really only be a problem for russia if they decide to launch against europe , which is why i completely do n't give a fuck about their whining . 
  having us missiles stationed on romanian soil is a sign that the point of no return has been well passed in the military ties between us and romania . 
  this means that in the decades to come , if russia keeps sending its army to rape its neighbors , romanians will be ever more willing to increase us military presence on our soil .
