they have much more money and can afford simply buying media/software . 
  imagine all prices lowered to a 5th to get a feeling of how easy it is for them to choose the legal way . 
  a 60 eur game costs the same globally but 60 eur for a german is as hard to make as 10 eur is for you . 
  i believe at 10 eur you would also think about buying it at launch day . 
  same thing with movies , etc. 
  now i 'm concerned . 
  can we help him ? 
  i 'm excited !, 
  this kind of illusions of grandeur are exactly right to set things on fire !, 
   spain ca n't really militarily invade another european country in the 21st century and get away with it diplomatically . 
  also , how will all those investors be attracted by a country vetoed out of nato & eu , with 2 hostile huge neighbors ? 
  catalonia will be made an example out of , just like greece . 
  it will either be invaded immediately or it will crash into poverty over the years . 
  breaking away from spain would mean decades on the sidelines of the eu as many countries facing similar problems will be interested to see catalonia broken down . 
  i wish those thinking they 're in control would understand all the consequences of their actions . 
  afaik , and please someone correct me , global companies are not really supranational . 
  a company named vw group ag exists in germany and , based on treaties existing between us & germany , this company can do some things directly in us but not that much . 
  another , distinct company is created in us , vw of america , which is controlled by german people & uses german capital but operates under us law . 
  these companies are practically distinct from a legal point of view but being controlled by the same people they operate as one . 
  us law can only directly affect vw of america but , all the many vw companies around the world use capital raised through stocks from their respective financial markets . 
  consequently , investors in europe reading about these problems assume vw ag will also be investigated & fined so they lose trust and sell stocks , driving a loss of capital for vw across all markets . 
  this is why vw loses money around the world not because the us gov can somehow take money , through fines , directly from vw china , etc. 
  i do n't think it will happen this simple . 
  it will be a massive amplification of the current problems france/germany have with their 2nd gen muslim imigrant children , who are born citizens but are poorly assimilated and thus live in an islamic bubble instead of being a normal part of their societies . 
  the problem is those bubbles are getting extremely numerous and are merging . 
  one day something will happen that goes against normal western values and yet will get all these people to come out and protest in the streets . 
  and then the french/germans will realize , decades too late , that the country is no longer theirs . 
  and severe brain trauma, 
  i ca n't stop crying that these self-entitled unwashed cowards fleeing from their failed states to chase free money , infected with a miserable religion , do n't want to come to romania . 
  we better prepare for when germany cracks 'cause it will make the financial crysis seem like a good memory . 
  being not-christian in romania is almost against the law . 
  i have a feeling it 's the same in poland . 
   bullshit conduct wo n't be tolerated half as much that 's an eastern guarantee, 
  this is one of the greatest videos ever , 
  you sadden me . 
  without people like you , deluding themselves that you personally do n't ever have to choose who lives and dies , a lot of misery could be avoided . 
   not that popular in the sense it 's not popular in every imaginable sense . 
  it 's baffling why rugby exists in romania , even though nobody cares . 
   who else would it be ? 
  the gypsies/romanians . 
  i did n't knew about the negative attitude towards romanians and i believe most romanians still do n't . 
  found out around here and was very surprised ( and saddened ) . 
  many romanians admire poland for how it managed to cruise away from communism and generally think of it as a good example . 
  certainly was n't expecting a good view about us , just a neutral one . 
  when i found out that poles pretty much have the same or worse superficial view about romanians as many westerners do , i lost a lot of respect for what i thought is a wiser nation , especially since i could forgive westerners for a lot of stuff since they had to endure a lot of romanian immigrants while poland did not have that problem with us . 
  i wo n't even go into historical reasons why more respect was certainly warranted . 
  you 're right . 
  i confused the 2 from memory but i was sure it was sri because there was some strong talk about whether or not he was a pawn for the service in the justice system ( gathering information about other prosecutors , judges , etc. 
  and applying pressure where the service needed ) . 
  i actually forgot about the italian issue . 
  in case anyone wonders who ponta is : * up until very recently he was the president of the psd party , who is by far , the most toxic party in romania , the direct descendant of pcr , the single-party from the communist era , filled to the brim with ex-pcr members as well as new apprentices of the old ways . 
  * psd is an extremely efficient parasite of state finances , organized like a mafia that sucks money from the state budget at all levels . 
  earlier this year , when ponta started to be investigated by dna and it was clear it 's very likely he will be sent to trial , psd fearfully managed to eject him from their top leadership position and replaced him with dragnea , a guy who has already been convicted of undermining democracy by manipulating votes during a major referendum . 
  * in psd , the leaders up top are responsible for providing safe theft opportunities for those on the bottom . 
  in exchange , the leaders get votes . 
  there 's no honor between thieves and sooner or later the leaders end up disliked by most of those who supported them because there 's never enough to steal for everybody . 
  at this point , the leader is ejected and pretty much abandoned with little interest on what happens to him next . 
  * ponta has long since reached the point where he would 've been ejected because he royally betrayed many in psd . 
  while psd was in power , dna devastated their leaders putting many iconic figures in jail . 
  meanwhile , as if through magic , many positions of very high power in romania were increasingly occupied by members of the ponta family . 
  this strongly alienated him from the base of the party , who were becoming starving thieves while actually in power , something that was unthinkable . 
  * the prime minister has the power to direct money towards the thieves placed by psd in various lower level administrative positions . 
  if ponta would be dropped , psd would certainly lose the prime minister position at a very bad time , close to elections , when being in power grants you an enormous advantage over your opponents by being able to use the state budget to support your campaign . 
  this is why ponta is forced by psd to remain a prime minister while any chance of a future career in politics is burned away by dna . 
  * also : * ponta is one of the young apprentices of the old hard core communists . 
  he was raised by them and rushed through ranks by them ( his career sprung up based on nothing as if through magic after he became a psd member ) . 
  there are many extremely controversial events that are tied to his earlier years . 
  a young prosecutor who dared touch psd before dna existed mysteriously killed himself after having been payed a visit by ponta . 
  also , it has been all but proven with papers that ponta was a collaborator of the descendant of securitatea , the sri , in the '90s , while he was a prosecutor . 
  it was illegal for sri to have collaborators from the justice system ( sri blocks access to the papers that would formally prove the link ) . 
  * ponta is a proven intellectual thief . 
  his doctoral thesis is taken with copy/paste from various sources , under the careful guidance of nastase , an older ex-psd-president , ex-prime-minister and ex-convict . 
  also , he has a worthless college education , at one of romania 's private universities from the '90s , where you did little more than pay for a diploma . 
  * ponta is completely devoid of principles or ideas . 
  his only guidance is personal profit . 
  when he got into politics , he just tried all parties and ended up with psd because they were the only ones who accepted him . 
  * ponta 's character as a human being is beyond imagination . 
  he left his pregnant first wife , to marry another woman who was the daughter of a powerful psd member . 
  so , in summary : ponta is human garbage, 
   i wonder what it was like for religious people when ceaucescu was in power the church was , and still is , pretty corrupt . 
  if you confessed the wrong things to the wrong priest , securitatea would magically show up in your life and you were totally fucked . 
  alternatively , if the priest was true , people who frequented his church too often were regarded as suspicious by the securitate , because , you know , the communist new man was above religion so then why did you go there , to conspire against the party ?!, 
  10 years forced labor !, 
  that 's an understatement . 
   impalement was [ vlad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vlad_the_impaler ) 's preferred method of torture and execution . 
  several woodcuts from german pamphlets of the late 15th and early 16th centuries show vlad feasting in a forest of stakes and their grisly burdens outside bra\u0219ov , while a nearby executioner cuts apart other victims . 
  it has also been said that in 1462 mehmed ii , the conqueror of constantinople , returned to constantinople after being sickened by the sight of 20,000 impaled corpses outside vlad 's capital of t\u00e2rgovi\u0219te . 
  \\ #rekt, 
  of course it takes 1.3 officers per private because the private only has 0.4 guns so they have to manage that very carefully . 
  6 % would be ok . below that we 'll just keep trailing the rest of europe for the rest of my life . 
  2019 was a laughable target . 
  joining the ez is an objective that would require a clearly stated commitment from all major political parties , even more explicit than nato and eu were . 
  we would need to consider a government as failed and even consider early elections if the gdp growth rate is below 6-7 % for 10-15 years in a row . 
  that 's a hard commitment that i do n't see anyone willing to approach so in reality it would take us 15 + years before a serious question can be raised about joining the ez . 
   defense from chinese expansion . 
  australia , population 24 mil vs. china , population 1376 mil i shudder to think how to defend against that, 
  the strength of a modern army does n't come from enrolling lots of minimally armed idiots but from an educated nation able to elect smart leaders and able to power the science + economy that could fuel a pro army with bleeding edge hardware . 
  we have radically different opinions on this, 
  exceptional historical reasons are holding de back from developing into a major flashy military force . 
  these reasons act both from inside ( population is reticent ) and outside ( us enjoys acting as an external protection and influence agent ) .
