  if the guy does n't want the child , he should be able to waive all responsibility just like the woman can have an abortion all on her own . 
  at 34 he 'll still chase women and they wo n't take kindly to his manners , so yes , i easily bet this story has a part 2 . 
  you do n't just `` put behind you '' burning alive the woman pregnant with your child . 
  til about [ preventative detention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/preventive_detention#germany ) . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't think we have that and it seems like a good idea . 
  having to work to support yourself is neither unusual or cruel, 
  he would not have been stopped , i agree , but this is not at all the point . 
  i 'm stunned he 'll become someone 's neighbor at 34 and when he 'll kill again the blood will no longer be just on his hands . 
  he 's the one choosing not to work , on top of all the other choices that led him in this situation, 
  it 's just preventing the next murder after getting out at 34 and keeping him alive at minimal cost on the tax payer . 
  we have wildly different definitions for revenge . 
   life sentence where he gets decent living conditions only if he pays for himself through work, 
  i was actually asking because i wanted to know, 
  that 's more like it, 
  i would be ok with that . 
  life sentence where he gets decent living conditions only if he pays for himself through work . 
  resocialization ? 
  you 're ok with having this guy as your neighbor when he gets out at 34 years old ? 
   once in the woods he hit her with a piece of wood , stabbed her with a bread knife and then poured petrol over her and set her alight . 
   the judge said : `` she was still conscious , it could have been 10 , 20 , 30 seconds - she was still moving . '' in return , 14 years rent free , food free , decent living conditions , just feels exactly right to you , i suppose, 
  thanks for the info . 
  this is so much beyond reason that i 'm just stunned . 
  i think you 're dead wrong . 
  this is about the law not the practice since max punishment is 14-15 years for this kind of abomination and the law considers `` youth '' a 20 year old adult having children . 
   is no way an indicator of anything major being wrong with the general system i suppose you need a certain number of people being butchered before you have the slightest shadow of a doubt there 's a problem . 
  `` youth '' at 20 years old ? 
  my mind can literally not process how you can not see a fundamental problem with a justice system that gives this slap-on-the-wrist punishment for such a horrendous crime . 
  if this kind of justice system is the model eastern states should aspire to ( and endure criticism from ) , then we have little in common and we should just hard steer the eu on being strictly a trade/business facilitator . 
  14 years in jail for burning alive the pregnant mother of your child , killing the baby also , solely because you did n't felt like being a father , tells you everything is a-ok with germany 's justice system . 
  right ? 
  normal . 
   sur l'avenir de l'europe . 
  this is a summary of the most relevant part . 
  in the actual interview , which is available in [ retarded broken down video bits ] ( https://twitter.com/elysee ) over twitter , he directly speaks of [ having more federalism ] ( https://twitter.com/elysee/status/700739072495472640 ) and creating [ more cross-country giants like airbus or esa ] ( https://twitter.com/elysee/status/700739732943208448 ) . 
  i ca n't find the mention about defense . 
  if anyone can find a full transcript , please post it . 
  yes , because normal people have to fucking work on fucking thursdays edit : to anyone saying there 's some sense in voting on thursdays : i 'm going to use this difference ( we 're voting on sundays ) to unreasonably bash on the uk . 
  i do n't need to listen to no reasonable explanations la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la from you thursday voting freaks !, 
   `` britain will be permanently out of ever-closer union , never part of a european super-state , there will be tough new restrictions to our welfare system for eu migrants - no more something for nothing - britain will never join the euro and we 've secured vital protections for our economy . 
  hope the big boys are preparing to eject uk because it ca n't be left at the decision table to undermine a union they are very explicitly against at the fundamental level . 
  i guess the question they asked themselves was `` why do we need the backseats ? 
  are we seriously ever going to catch anyone ? '', 
  [ see here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/45o5p5/czechoslovak_jokes_about_the_communist_regime/czzkg92 ), 
  it 's like `` drip drip drip drip drip '' , you just had 5 droplets of hot water . 
  the word pattern `` pic pic pic '' also plays on the beeps used for the standard announcement of exact time over the radio . 
  so it portraits a very exact and professional rationing of hot water : you get 5 droplets at the promised time comrade !, 
  ceausescu 's son dies and ends up in hell . 
  as he walks around he sees stalin waist deep in tar . 
  he walks around some more and sees hitler neck deep in tar . 
  then he sees ceausescu , only ankle deep in tar . 
  \\ - all right dad !, 
  always the best i see !, 
  \\ - shut the fuck up nicu !, 
  your mother 's shoulders are slippery !, 
  -- * p.s : the mother is elena ceausescu , possibly an even worse human being than nicolae . 
  it was a tight contest so we killed them both . 
  the son is nicu , who died in '96 of cirrhosis after a life of heavy partying & all kinds of spoiled brat deeds . 
   at the fifth signal , there will be hot water . 
  there was hot water . 
  i loled like crazy . 
  oh , we had this one with the punchline : oh ... well ... crocodiles do fly but a little closer to the ground, 
  the one with the genius is great . 
  amazingly , i have n't heard it before . 
  it 's impossible to offend romanians by joking about ceausescu or communism and if you find some freak that is offended then you must do it to the fullest . 
   the french communist party is holding its annual raffle party . 
  1st prize : one week 's vacation in the ussr . 
  wonderful . 
  i loled . 
  this is a very interesting counter point . 
  through some dark magic , ro 's monetary policy as dictated by our central bank escaped the claws of corruption . 
  we were very close to your position back then . 
  all through the '90s devaluation against $ was a daily fact of life and i think your crash actually scared some of our top politicians from fucking with the monetary policy . 
  i must admit it would sting if you get the eur before us . 
  we seem to have aligned on a path where we 'll adopt it only after we become much better at ruling ourselves and after we get somewhat closer to the big boys in overall development . 
  so for us it may take 10-20 more years . 
  even longer if we reunite with moldova . 
  just url linking skills . 
  someone else made it . 
  any naval battle would be won by whomever has air superiority from land bases because the black sea is small enough . 
  the only point of a black sea nato flotilla would be just to have as many dead from as many nato countries as possible , in case russia decides to extend its russian-minority-saving-operations . 
  we should heavily invest in becoming developers and manufacturers of mobile surface-to-air/surface/ship missile systems . 
  i have no doubt we have what it takes to create good-enough versions of these weapon types , if we focus our defense industry on this . 
  also , a medium-range ( ~ 2500 km ) heavy warhead transport platform would become very doable by such an industry , which would be good in case we need to return any glowing favors to moscow . 
  i dare anyone to submerge in that thing even with the newest batteries, 
  the safe zone was codenamed the kitchen, 
   150 $ for the dom ( the cathedral , instead of 100 $ ) best value !, 
  in eu ? 
  i mean beside sweden . 
  it 's starting to creep in but it 's got an enormously long way ( 20 + years at the absolute minimum ) to go before it 's anything like in the west, 
  same in romania . 
  the crime of speaking your thoughts and opinions . 
  i found that extremely relevant for the months to come, 
  someone get a hold of this motherfucker so we can make sense of all this, 
  thundering common sense, 
  i find your `` finland number 1 whooooo '' attitude endearing except when it comes time for reality check and you need to handle russia while relying mostly on yourselves . 
  what then ? 
  a lot has changed since the winter war and you 're very unlikely to simply win the rematch . 
  also , i do n't get why the confusion about having to be involved in us ' `` adventures '' when you are in nato . 
  this is false .
