  the only way you would have to be involved is if us was attacked and they would invoke art . 
  this was not the case for any wars us ' got itself involved with since nato was created . 
  the fact that some countries , including my own , choose to suck up to us ' does n't automatically imply finland has to do the same . 
  we do it because we 're weak , we know it and we also know we ca n't rely on europe to ** promptly ** come to our aid if russia decides to fuck with us . 
  so we have to keep us ' interested with us in order to actually be secured ( in reality , art . 
  5 will not immediately apply for literally any aggression against a nato member because to have that in practice things need to go through the political system of all countries . 
  by the time that happens we would be long gone unless a friend with a big dick is already here to push back ) . 
  i was largely aware of your arguments but i 'm still hoping finland will see reason at some point . 
  i have no such hope for sweden . 
  they need to experience an invasion first hand before they understand what 's what . 
   also many like to think ourselves as mediators between russia and nato like in cold war . 
  i 'm familiar with this delusion . 
  ~ 15 years ago there were some in ro who thought we should play this `` bridge '' role instead of entering nato . 
  during a press conference with then russian foreign affairs minister he was asked what about if ro would act as a bridge between east and west . 
  his reply was they do n't need no bridge , they can walk over the bridge and speak directly . 
  thinking you 're insignificant enough to be left alone while being regarded highly enough to be admitted as any kind of mediators shows a deep misunderstanding of who you 're dealing with . 
  to me , the risk of not being aligned is insane . 
  i might 've understood it if today 's russia was like '90s russia but we 're back to cold war russia and hoping to reason with them is foolish . 
  it 's much easier to keep a decent relationship with us , especially from within eu , than to gamble your future by remaining neutral towards a foe that respects nothing except muscle power . 
  i fully do n't understand why finland is not in nato but they are in eu and even ez . 
  fearing what russia might do is irrational because russia will always use military force against neighbors to further its interests . 
  russian diplomacy exists only if they ca n't force their will on you . 
  finland was even invaded by russia recently enough . 
  i doubt business with russia is so fantastically profitable to be worth risking the country over . 
  when constitutional interpretations like yours will pass , know that the republic and the rule of the law as it 's understood in the west , is over for poland, 
  everyone should know this as well as the risk that any electronic device on your possession can be retained for an unlimited amount of time , with no explanation . 
  i would never travel to the us for anything except business purposes simply because there 's this uncontrollable risk of flying half way around the world , on my money , just to get fucked over with no explanation . 
  plenty of other places to go to . 
  yeah , they tried splitting belgium , yada yada yada , ww2, 
  from an engineering p.o.v. 
  nuclear energy is fantastic and i greatly support massive r & d investments to continuously advance and exploit it . 
  i 'm glad romania has a nuclear industry that covers almost all phases of the nuclear fuel cycle and extensive direct control over the maintenance of our 2 reactors . 
  it gives me great peace of mind knowing nuclear energy is fully proven and available in reality . 
  the problem is humans . 
  we live in societies that are mind numbingly incapable of solving simple problems . 
  we devolved into being incapable of handling unexpected critical situations and we 're ruled by administrations that abhor taking any decisions involving assumption of responsibility/risk , instead obsessing about finding that non-decision that involves total consensus , which is more often than not a step backwards . 
  so i fear knowing nuclear power in the hands of incompetent , irresponsible people even considering how much safer modern reactors are . 
  they can always be improperly operated and maintained . 
  for those who say `` oh well , at least there 's the black sea '' , i say : ** fools !, 
  ** black sea is just waiting its turn to fuck us over and should be close to the top of that list . 
  -- [ modelling shows the release of the hydrogen sulphide clouds in the event of an asteroid impact into the black sea would pose a threat to health -- or even life -- for people living on the black sea coast ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_sea#hydrochemistry ) -- [ ... 
  the impact of an asteroid may cause a catastrophic poisonous gas release in the atmosphere . 
  the land surface area covered by the h ( 2 ) s cloud generated by a 1000 m size asteroid during the run-in ranges between about 6080 and 11,520 km ( 2 ) . 
  this may affect between 145,000 and 276,000 people . 
  these are moderate estimates . 
  they do not include the urban population and may be 10 times underestimated for some particular wind directions . 
  general recommendations to diminish the social effects of the impacts are presented . 
  ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17696133 ) -- i 'm not even getting into the occasional [ 7-8 earthquake ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1901_black_sea_earthquake ) accompanied by a fucking tsunami, 
  i 'm aware of propaganda power . 
  i knew communism well enough . 
  profiling isis propaganda victims is not that easy . 
  rich kids love a thrill and being edgy but this does n't make you good material to be a suicide drone . 
  isis is looking for western citizens that are very upset with their place in their society ( like this kid was . 
  he had a tough life . ) . 
  very often , these people have gone through great natural isolation , loneliness and despair as they see no reasonable path in their lives to some kind of decent happiness . 
  a lot of young people are a match because they see parents that are always struggling to provide for them , economies that are eternally in a downward spiral , overwhelming corruption with no end in sight , stupidity and lies ever present in all mainstream media and politicians , an education system that fails to give them confidence that going through school would make them capable to provide for themselves and a family of their own , etc. 
  then isis shows up and sells them their place in the absolute . 
  all of a sudden , all the hardships are over as they are given something they are capable of doing and in exchange they get to leave behind all the pain , emptiness and despair they 've endured for years by simply blowing themselves up and suffering for a few seconds before they meet god and happiness . 
  throughout history people have willingly faced death for promises much more modest than the one isis makes . 
  to see why isis propaganda succeeds in the western world means looking in the mirror and taking off the mask . 
  it wo n't happen so europe either has to learn how to live with terrorism as a regular occurrence or butcher democracies and plunge into a new age of wars trying to find the illusory combination of laws that will force these people to be happy . 
  he was 16.5 when he discovered , on the internet all by himself , islam and isis . 
  luckily school was n't a blast for him . 
  he was researching how to make bombs at home . 
  this is the first case of its kind in romania . 
  i 'm sad to discover we can also grow this type of human garbage . 
  why did she came if not to be fingered ? 
  this is a pretty good example . 
  the bombs used in boston were artisanal and the 2 bombers were self-radicalized without even being members in organized terror groups . 
  nobody would 've given 2 shits about the boston marathon but these nobodies managed to turn it into a pretty dark event . 
   technically it is aircraft carrier because it carries an aircraft , is n't it ? 
  well then technically we 're all [ packed with aircraft carriers ] ( http://www.mulag.de/typo3temp/fl_realurl_image/090730001d-comet12-push-back-737-06-09.jpg ), 
  europe as a whole ca n't act on this . 
  this kind of actions require the single mindedness a state has . 
  the only way i would support getting our armies in the middle east is if we 're publicly talking about colonization 2.0 and rewriting islam . 
  we have the propaganda resources to basically rewrite islam and create an authority like the vatican for the new strain . 
  then proceed to physically demolish all manifestations not aligned with the new strain , jail all preachers not under our control , etc. 
  i would support this level of actions . 
  bombing shit from afar gets us nowhere close to ending the power void out of which these organizations were born and tolerating islam as it is now is a real crime . 
  this guy is like an older cartman . 
  most romanians have a difficult relationship with romania . 
  it 's a really beautiful place to call your home . 
  the problem is that romanians were fuck over by major historical events for centuries , more times than i care to count . 
  as a result we never really got anywhere as a society . 
  many romanians have to get away to have a shot at a decent life and they blame their fellow countryman for being forced to do that . 
  it 's like leaving home to get away from an abusive parent . 
  you still miss your home and you even treasure some wonderful childhood memories from there but you always remember the constant beatings and the fights and the tension and you would never go back , you just want to remain in your new home and forget about the old one . 
  assimilation is the target for immigrants but i feel it 's better when they fully embrace the core values of their new country and yet retain some flavor of their native culture / country . 
  romanians have many reasons to be very upset with romania and they leave with such resentment that they actively suppress any manifestation of their original culture . 
  for more than 30 years i 've known many romanians leaving for the west ( all of them towards europe/us/canada ) with absolutely no intention to come back and a strong desire to just forget the country where they came from . 
  they integrate at their destination fast and deep going so far as to localize their names to match their new home culture . 
  in less than 20 years , they 've eradicated almost every trace anyone could tell from the outside about their origin . 
  i understand them . 
  i 'm not talking about gypsies . 
  they are a distinct cross-national sub-culture . 
  many are romanians but only in nationality . 
  established parties just need to die, 
  i support this message, 
  [ begging for manhole info ] ( http://41.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m0hxb2d4hd1qibz0jo1_r1_500.png ), 
  it happens here too but much more rarely than it used to,
