in case they exit which effect would this have on eu nationals currently residing in the uk ? 
  would they have to give up their life as they know it and leave the uk ? 
  how german . 
  `` there could be a risk . 
  let 's rather do nothing and wait till whenever until other companies can provide technology which is totally risk free . '', 
  which is , imho , unrealistic as nothing is ever completely risk free . 
  it would n't really surprise me if the german auto makers are waiting . 
  waiting waiting waiting . 
  maybe till the government hands out financial incentives for buying electric vehicles . 
  in this case vw , opel , ford etc. 
  will * possibly * have an electric vehicle for the consumers . 
  maybe . 
  but i 'm not optimistic as too often german companies just do n't realize that something is a thing now and only react when everybody else has already secured a big chunk of the pie for themselves . 
  or bribe the interpreters . 
  not sure how much comedy is within this post but i 'm sure i 'll find out one day . 
   however , one question : is it true that people in the uk spend their spare time in pubs as in - every day ? 
  although i was once called the german russian ( i like vodka ) by some czechs in a bar i do n't think my liver could stand that . 
  as if the us justice system was about rehabilitation . 
  please . 
  but anyway , for the sake of argument , yes , i think somebody who committed a crime belongs in jail and should not be killed by a government regardless of the cost . 
  nobody deserves to die . 
  that is not negotiable . 
  nobody deserves to die . 
  nobody deserves to die . 
  he 's german ... 
  how so ? 
  ca n't you trust taxi drivers in the usa ? 
  some people sued the dealership when they noticed a significant difference in consumption . 
  they could return the car and got their money back . 
  and what if the penalty is n't paid ? 
  would a country be expelled from the eu then ? 
  dude stop that double language posting please . 
  that 's pretty annoying . 
  yes the consumer is at fault if they do n't want to pay a price based on the true value of a product . 
  that 's how the us car market looks to me with the ridiculously low priced offers they are used to . 
  and in europe they would n't have to cheat as the emission testing lawfully happens in labs under conditions which you can not replicate outside of the labs . 
  of course german engineering could deliver . 
  they invented the automobile after all ... 
  but they could n't deliver for the price the american consumer is ready to spend on a car . 
  sometimes when i 'm bored i browse the web pages of us based car dealers . 
  it 's incredible how cheap cars are in the us . 
  even eu based manufacturers sell their vehicles for prices in the us which are 2/3 or even 1/2 of what i would have to pay . 
  so i would say the american consumer is at fault . 
  if i had to guess i 'd say greece and the refugee thing ... 
  we need the uk . 
  they can not leave the eu . 
  let 's just make sure they do n't become an orwellian dystopia anytime soon . 
  refugee shelters are seriously not located in ghettos . 
  actually they make a point of placing them where the residents of a city live , for integration etc. 
  you could perhaps argue that in some cities the residential areas with a mostly rich neighbourhood are spared . 
  but i want to see how long they can do that until even the rich ones get enriched because of lack of space elsewhere . 
  and you need a gun safe . 
  pretty bad if you rent an apartment . 
  i served in my country 's army so i guess yes , i fired quite a few rounds in my life . 
  i would guess the extended family throws their savings together so that the youngest , strongest of them can make the trip . 
  and you think you 've accomplished this by keeping foreigners out of your country ? 
  you can throw urls into google translate , but the translation is a bit rough around the edges ... https://translate.google.de/translate?sl=hu&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=de&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fmagyarhirlap.hu%2fcikk%2f35190%2forban_viktor_termeszetes_az_egyutterzes_de_cselekednunk_kell&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url, 
  :-) with sigmar gabriel and claudia roth virtually dictating the public opinion these days i do n't see any change coming anytime soon . 
  yeah , sure , the border to austria is checked . 
  big deal ... 
  you ca n't always blame a government . 
  i live in germany where everything is dubbed as well . 
  i started learning english in school in the 1980s with text books printed in the 1960s ... not an ideal situation . 
  but i wanted to learn english . 
  i wanted it so badly that i used to tune my tv to nos ( tv network in the netherlands which subtitled english movies instead of dubbing them ; i was glad i lived near the border ) in order to get the hang of the language 's sound . 
  also i used my pocket money to buy english newspapers every now and then to extend my vocabulary . 
  these days with internet available to most people i imagine learning english ( or any language for that matter ) is a piece of cake compared to what i went through 30 years ago . 
  if you want to , that is ... 
  if you never look outside you ca n't know that . 
  what 's your point ? 
  should we refrain from speaking french if we do n't have a bac ? 
  or what do you mean ? 
  you only look at numbers but i think you also have to take the kind of religiosity into account . 
  recent events have made me think that france hosts hard core muslims who 'd die for their faith without hesitation . 
  i ca n't imagine the turkish immigrants in germany doing the same although they 're mostly muslims too . 
  come on , seriously , that ca n't be true , no ? 
  i 'm sure you learn english in school as everybody else does . 
  i think you just do n't want to speak english for weird reasons . 
  the vice chancellor as well . 
  he was in quite a few tv shows and in the last one i watched he attacked a politician from slovakia in a pretty personal way for not doing enough while the slovak maintained that his country fulfilled every written regulation regarding refugees to the t . that was almost amusing . 
  well , i do n't know . 
  there are camps and there are death camps . 
  one does n't have to confuse them . 
  but with the historical burden of the 3rd reich nobody should be surprised about what 's being decided in germany . 
  ok . have n't heard that yet . 
  i do n't think german unemployed people are much less eager to work than refugees . 
  that 's a really bad thing to say about unemployed people . 
  we probably do n't want to do shit jobs for employers who are trying to evade the minimum wage . 
  or be required to ask the government for additional money from the social welfare pot to be able to actually live from a full time job . 
  ( that 's not a given in germany unfortunately . ), 
  so much is true . 
  but the main problem are the demands of the employers . 
  for almost all white collar jobs they demand very young uni grads these days while we have the duale ausbildung in germany which is an excellent education in a field of your choice . 
  not just training on the job mind you . 
  but sometimes i just scratch my head when i read job offers . 
  more than once did i see the requirement for a degree in computer science for a shifter in a service desk . 
  that 's on the border of being ridiculous in my opinion . 
  and makes it very hard to find a new job when you were lucky in the past and could work in this field but were terminated because of a restructuring in the company for example . 
  what do you mean ? 
  is nhs really that bad ?
