  all * illegal migrants * must be expulsed , and any caught during attempts should be sent to processing centers , not * brought * into european soil when caught ( which then leaves few options other than to let them roam or live at eu 's expense during processing ) . 
  europe always had control over the external borders , it 's the internal ones that are causing a mess . 
  as soon as refugees step into european soil , nothing stops them from going to any country they want . 
  with how much frustration french workers have in them , these execs are lucky they did n't get frogmarched to the gallows . 
  seaborne radars are far from the reach of land attacks , and any impending attacks on the naval base could be repelled using shelling/missiles from sea quicker than an attacker could secure a foothold into even an undefended base . 
  that 's the point . 
  some parties with a hard-on for unilateralism actually welcome the discreditation of the un and look forward to create a new ` league of the nations that love america 's unilateralism ' ( or whatever criterias make sure dissenting nations are blocked from joining until they become vassals ) . 
  the un can really only be reformed once attempts to discredit it cease , or the parties behind be held to account . 
  the problem was never the un itself , but how its bodies are exploited for reasons that do not serve the goals this organisation was founded for . 
  it 'll be easier to just list the companies whose cars survive the extra scrutiny . 
  trust in the norms has proven misplaced , and models all over the world ca n't be re-certified . 
  the eu was never really about respecting the members ' opinions but imposing the ec 's will on them , by will or by force ( fines , threats , sanctions and other means of pressure ) . 
  dark times indeed since a few years . 
  plot twist : the 3 % who said yes are refugees and want their illegal migrant bros granted asylum too . 
  occupying the whole world is possible , but not in the near future - british empire, 
  clemency and looking the other way pays well everywhere . 
  push the blame , pay for their silence . 
  if anyone asks , they were only following orders ... 
  shipping older people out of fortress europe - like settlers back in the days - could be the most convenient way to decrowd the eu . 
  a lot of countries need people packing a lifetime 's experience and knowledge . 
  that can be done even within the same country , although old people my arguably not handle settling life well . 
  the problem with youth unemployment is that old people took all the jobs and are not letting go of an otherwise fixed number of opportunities that they were always supposed to free up for the next generations - now sitting for years until those holdouts finally retire or die off . 
  young immigrants also suffer from the same problem , so immigration is not a solution . 
  old people actually need to be made to retire * earlier * - definitely not even later , so the next generations can start family sooner . 
  the real reason why their output is lower than salaried workers is because they 're paid less than peanuts ... 
  coercion will never make a good reason to pay workers below the going market rate for ` motivation ' . 
  how is a person working as much as salaried employees supposed to survive on 73 # / week ? 
  it 's like uk brought back slavery and forgot it at least provided free lodging and food security . 
  it 's meant to keep the country * out * of any opposing alliance , and prevent also their neutrality . 
   it seems like they are making moves towards it . 
  the mayor of ankara even claimed that the russian jet that was shot down was done so by gulenists trying to separate the countries . 
  sounds like he 's not buying it , and just going with the flow . 
  remember , all erdogan would 've had to do back then is capture the shooters , punish them harshly and apologize . 
  if this was a ` gulen plan ' , erdogan was in on it . 
  the only meaningful bit is they 're signaling an intention to mend ties , instead of forever following ` foreign ' orders even if it burns the country whole . 
  chaos will ruin turkey when it based its prosperity and influence on stability . 
   you could even shoot them with guns without causing a nuclear reaction . 
  that would make a historic wcgw ... 
  the abms were never really meant to intercept missiles , although they can eventually be converted for launch and intercept . 
  their purpose is serve as the early acquisition of launch data part of actual abms . 
  think of it as stationing radards near enemy launch sites . 
  it improves the response time and accuracy , doing it sooner than existing systems ( even systems based on only satellites ) . 
  feels like a diversion . 
  for all you know , the trucks could been camouflaged transports for sneaking nukes out unnoticed , or conceal similar trucks leaving the base . 
  only for recommendations . 
  politics-wise , brussels routinely imposes its will like an occupying power . 
  disobeying is fine , but expect retaliation or a punishment . 
   that is not possible . 
  every member is still a sovereign nation state . 
  but consensus does not systematically result from respecting the national votes of the member nations . 
  it 's often imposed upon the member states in complete disregard of their opinion . 
  2 sides of the same coin . 
  the elites and security apparatus behind them do n't need to get voted for . 
  they could care less who signs the laws , as long as they control the show . 
  the eu already works like that with a larger number of parties . 
  the main difference is that brussels forms essentially a single party that granted itself the right to override national governments , and whose elites are not voted into office , do not have mandate duration limits and are not worried about impeachment or ousting if the divide with the ruled grows too huge to keep being called representative democracy . 
  there 's likely zero relation . 
  the coup attempt appears to be used as an excuse to crack down on dissent and especially the defenders of secularism in the army and other services like police and the military . 
  eventually it will be critics , journalists then peaceful protesters . 
  the real goal is likely to replace them with malleable loyal supporters . 
  ideally the ones targetted today should be discredited first , otherwise they could hit back at their persecutors if future governments rehabilitate or innocent them . 
  wether the coup was real or staged becomes irrelevant , the real seizure of power began today . 
  it could 've also been painted to participants as a realistic drill . 
  the difference would lie in the motivations of whoever ordered that . 
  for all we know , the supposed coup supporters could 've been innocent scapegoats scheduled for life isolation and execution , as long as it guarantees their silence . 
  unlikely . 
  the most logical long-term plan would be to adopt a political system similar on america 's , with 2 parties representing supposedly different ideologies alternating their control of the nation , while being essentially a single party . 
  in practice , outside america duopolies like that dont last , and once discredited the parties participating in such charades get replaced by new parties supposed to represent a stronger consensus or coopt a larger number of elites . 
  empty posturing for the supporters . 
  what could they do , drop paratroopers to occupy new jersey ? 
  [ night of the long knives ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/night_of_the_long_knives ) , redux . 
  ` uncoordinated ' is bs . 
  either the claims were deliberately overinflated for public opinion , or it was coordinated but not the way us plebs imagine ( top-down agitators , not participants with each others ) . 
  2000 is a small army . 
  forget sexual debauchery , with a police this passive they could 've taken the reichtag . 
  how about when you threaten to starve poor countries from vital aid just to have things your way , like by forcing those countries to pay for the costs incurred by eu to handle , host , feed and transport illegals ( costs disproportionally higher than the charges incurred by poorer countries to handle illegals similarly ) ? 
  nothing stops eu from deporting illegals at its own expense , as well as nothing requires the countries to specifically accept them back or even acknowledge them like it was state policy to send them to europeans shores . 
   they need to figure out their own incentives to keep talented nationals hanging around that 's never going to succeed without some level of patriotic indoctrination . 
  even if the local infrastructure and economy werent an issue , education is typically . 
  youth formatted to fit into a western-type ecosystem will always look up to it , even if they do not have the qualifications to sustain themselves in western society . 
  imo , africa should first ensure a proper , quality education in their own country is available to everyone , using their own ressources rather than ` importing schools ' ( foreign schools setting up local branches principally to bypass eu 's visa quotas ) . 
  having your brightest and most hopeful be forced to complete their education in europe guarantees a brain drain , at least among those who have proven themselves successful enough there to fit in . 
  the bigger problem comes from eu accepting those countries best talents , and looking to get rid of the least useful . 
  in practice it creates a bigger problem for those countries , since they 're not just deprived of talents locally grown at their own expense , but eu 's rejects they have to ` take back ' because eu simply wouldnt spend anything at all to integrate them in their local job market ( food and lodging is nothing . 
  how about formations , education , jobs ? ) . 
  i agree that mass migration from africa should stop , but it should include everyone . 
  do n't just keep accepting and attracting africa 's brightest and expect those icons will not promote to its underprivileged the illusion of a european eldorado . 
  this is straight out blackmail . 
  what 's next , accept to be occupied else no more aid ? 
  people settle south nearby us states , and the atlantic littoral ( urban centers ) . 
  elsewhere is pretty much only small settlements and regional hubs . 
  canada really needs a lot more immigration , and a homesteading act to get that wilderness tamed . 
  a positive trade balance becomes difficult to preserve along social obligations in difficult time . 
  securing some self-sufficiency for basic goods shields from the fluctuations of currencies , and increases room for repayment of foreign debt in such eventuality . 
  the next best option is direct trade with * countries * , not blocs ( in mutual currencies ) . 
  there 's too little of that now in central and eastern europe . 
  i meant to refer to self-sufficiency with agricultural lands and mining resources usable for industry . 
  the countries you mentioned are already very prosperous despite importing much of their basic goods . 
  their development model cant be replicated by countries that do not share a combination of similar advantages . 
  industrialization secured the regional and worldwide projection of their brands , with export value to match .
