this is nothing . 
  the european commission is an unelected cesspool of corruption . 
  if its military and foreign policy are not sovereign , then the us might as well just keep its forces in europe rather than give the appearance that anything changed . 
  cutting forces will be useless , the us should disengage entirely , not keep stirring shitzu in the region and have europeans pay for it . 
  absolutely nothing in ttip is positive or desirable . 
  most of all , its completely unnecessary as trade protections * for the purpose of strengthening businesses * are already high in europe , and trade tarrifs with the us near-inexistent . 
  it 's essentially too atlanticist and makes surrender europe surrender a large amount of sovereignty to corporations , especially american ones . 
  that the treaty is discussed in secret and its adoption pushed under pressure really says it all . 
  the only reason it 's done is so its provisions cant be discussed by the public * before its adoption * , opposed or * changed * . 
  freedom of movement is fine , but absence of quotas of any sort in the most prosperous or large nations is emptying the lesser privileged ones of their labour force . 
  these should n't be erected only to stop the inflow of africans . 
  absolutely nothing for europe , its members , citizens , companies , prosperity and sovereignty . 
  because completely `` depending '' on the us is such a great idea ... 
  gib shoes ? 
  austerity cripples spending power and raises costs by magnitudes the amounts `` saved '' . 
  how about no ... 
  it 's the busness of no other country , nevermind an unelected band of eurocrats that do n't answer spain 's people , respect their aspirations or have their best interest in mind . 
  attempting to involve european institutions could only be a maneuver from spain 's central government to blackmail catalonia into giving up its secessionist ambitions , like by threatening to cut it from the eurozone and nato or block any future membership to european institutions . 
  the region is self-sufficient and does n't feel anymore like getting its finances wrecked by bailing out the rest of the country for free . 
  the appeal of financial independence is very appealing to everyone . 
  this assumes spain wouldnt dare raise the stakes and move in the army and embargo the region to crush their will . 
  gib rights ? 
  leaked cable : ` we 'll be think about it if you stop the stealth coups ' . 
  domino effect . 
  it will at least be a research case for other independantist/secessionist territories . 
  belgium 's case could be interesting , since france stated it was willing to integrate the french region if it secedes from belgium ( same as annexion ) . 
  i 'll believe it when the citizens say their daily life improved . 
  we 've all seen what `` recoveries '' look like in the us when bankers and wall street cook the books . 
  kiev/western ukraine deliberately targeted and destroyed the east 's infrastructure , upon [ recommendations ] ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/president-poroshenko-uses-rand-corporation-action-plan-for-eastern-ukraine-including-ground-assaults-and-air-strikes/5389795 ) from the rand foundation . 
  that good enough for you ? 
  believe this at your own risk ... 
  remember the concept of ` betting against losses ' . 
   ukraine , not russia will have to contribute to re-building everything destroyed in the war . 
  under the propositions heard so far , cant see that as reasonable since kiev destroyed the infrastructure to rebuild it with us/eu projects . 
  the regions should instead seek war reparations for all unnecessary destructions instead , to be spent on rebuilding the infrastructure and residential areas as it sees necessary , even if that means russian companies get contracted . 
  unless they 're stupid , anyone from fighters to even critics would be persecuted till death or killed , whichever happens sooner . 
  i dont see anything except independance providing safety and prosperity to those regions , even despite the obvious difficulties and persecution to expect from kiev and eu . 
  `` tomorrow warsaw , next week washington '', 
  whoever really believes other countries are next is who should wake up ... 
  us congress and senate passed bills around 2000 threatening to preemptively occupy the netherlands to prevent prosecution of americans by the icc ( international crime court ) . 
  bill id ` hr 4169 ih ' such security ... 
  i wonder what happens when nato countries invade each others . 
  ` gtfo ' sums it up . 
  the eu should close all us bases infringing on its sovereignty and interfering with europeans affairs/politics/economy , especially in germany . 
  because tax evasion is rampant , and it is extremely laxist about taxing people and institutions with large revenues and assets , most notably the clergy . 
  taxing the clergy alone could 've solved its liquidity problems long ago , or at least bought time to sort out its problems . 
  but the bigger problem really is that greece was simply not ready to join the eu , especially ditching its currency for the euro . 
  i believe similar problems are why poland did not adopt the euro , so it could keep flexibility in monetary matters until its situation normalizes with the euro bloc 's . 
  6th column of the national traitor squadron , reporting for duty . 
  it will if `` the right people '' are `` persuaded '' to oppose the rejection of `` the wrong people '' ... all we need is having them in power for one year to rush-sign everything . 
  the eu is already too large , and its structure way too rigid , especially for smaller and lesser prosperous nations that may not be willing to sacrifice their sovereignty . 
  what we need is a ** eurasian association ** of local blocs stretching from lisbon to vladivostok , and not forcefully dominated , controlled or manipulated by any bloc ( be it the eu or us ) . 
  before the coup , no . 
  but knowing what awaits ukraine under the imf 's ` intervention ' ( notably hryvna devaluation , which is why switching to roubles as a more stable currency was considered for the ` separatist regions ' ) and especially eastern ukrainians under the junta , it was either bail for your life or stand your ground . 
  the siege of cities by artillery do n't leave them a lot of options . 
  greece was n't and look how better off its people and the eu are now . 
  it will never be ready , when corruption and theft are norm ... gangs of oligarchs looting the country just replaced the previous gangs . 
  ratings stopped mattering there . 
  she might actually score an important ministry as long as she kisses the right feet ... 
  i pity the daredevils who live there or around it ... 
  this building will fall and cause tragedy at the first wind gust or earthquake . 
  how about no ... 
  ten bucks kiev messes with their content and takes the opportunity to blame russia , if the convoy is not looted on the way . 
  sounds alright . 
  i 'd rather the sub selection be consistent , but it should provide local subs specific to your continent and country more visibility , as long as they are extra additions . 
  sure containing rommel counts , but it 's not like the northafrican campaigns were a black hole that sucked in germany 's most elite regiments , commanders , armements and logistics . 
  regarding japan , the tide was rising and it could n't have sustained a long war effort under ressources blockade . 
  us only essentially claimed first dibs for victory there before the ussr cleaned up whatever remained of the scattered imperial forces after their occupation of asia . 
  america 's role in ww2 sure increased over the last 2 decades ... 
  how much for the planet ? 
  maybe that means they 'll start cleaning their affairs and stop with the unending scandals . 
  anytime now ... 
  is this indiciative of a real improvement in governance , or just a purge of rivals by factions just as corrupt ? 
   by providing all the european security alone . 
  from whom , seriously ? 
  not even neocons actually think russian tanks would roll into western europe , even without nato or a common defense pact . 
  austerity is when your landlord orders you to sell your car , stop paying your schooling fees , sell the shirt on your back , you ask him if you can keep the pants and he says no ! . 
  only to evacuate the junta before they 're captured and their lips let loose ... 
  these guys strike me as boys who screamed `` wolf ! '', 
  too often ... 
  yeah , not long from now we may need a couple bailouts ourselves ... moldavia better secure its assets , our vampires must already be calling dibs on everything they hold dear and valuable ( except dracula ) . 
  french taxpayers ready to foot new greece 's bill !, 
  then that leaves only real bullets ... yay !, 
  it 's usually awkward . 
  i guess it 's ok if its kids cramped together or sleeping with a same-sex adult ( thinking daughter with mom ) . 
  irradiated russians made of duplicity and corruption . 
   how would iran make sense as an eu member ? 
  promises you dont plan to keep can do a lot ... 
  membership can take up to 20 years and like with turkey it can keep getting postponed whenever there 's any excuse to claim they 're not ready ( twitter ban for example , but not a word about the massively censored media and omnipresent political persecution ) . 
  turkey 's welcome and even iran if it promises to unban western music !, 
  might be turkey stirring the pot ` off the record ' to try massing tatars behind a shortterm anti-russian agenda . 
  a stupid idea to even suggest for several reasons . 
  - no geographic continuity ( homes splintered here and there that a lot do n't even occupy just to claim as ` their land ' ) - they 're not persecuted as an ethnicity , there are no signs they will be , and the authorities stand behind them in the first place ( rehabilitation , more freedoms , more representativity in local affairs ' management ... ) - they 're crimean citizens , enjoying the same rights and responsibilities ( down the road as russians , if after the buffer period to accept russian citizenship they dont but prefer staying ukrainian living there as foreigners ) , with more freedoms than before already and more than in ukraine . 
  any appeals kiev 's junta makes to the peninsula 's would be destroyed by persecution of that reach . 
  just the hint that they 're considering anything like that would push crimeans deeper into russia 's arms . 
  like it or not , europe is heading there , just not by reducing life expectancy . 
  in some european countries , you barely live long enough to enjoy retirement . 
  this is really bad as this changing mechanic incentivizes not contributing to the pension pools , and promotes keeping old people on jobs , witholding those and blocking young active workers from entering the workforce . 
  in spain alone , 50 % of youth are jobless . 
  let this number sink in .
