  then what 's the point of keeping asking ? 
  does he hope that those against will tire out of telling him why and only hardcore supporters of his option will keep showing up everytime he puts this against on referendum ? 
  they better hurry or the eurozone will have imploded by then . 
   if they 're willing to help so much , why do n't they fucking take them ? 
  `` they 're your fcking problem now '' . 
   1 ) how do you know its a smugglers boat ? 
  same as for ` accidental airstrikes ' ( calling all people killed terrorsts or enemy combattants , even the babies ) . 
  all boats sank will be called smuggler boats until proof spreads that it was not the case . 
  all this supposed concern about refugees feels faked and its coverage ` stimulated ' . 
  from what i gather , the german people actually do not share the establishment and media 's enthusiasm for taking in * illegal migrants * , nevermind this many . 
  and calling them refugees is not changing their mind , despite the pressure put on dissenters . 
  and just by coincidence , the un this week [ cuts food assistance ] ( http://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2015/09/04/un-agency-forced-to-cut-food-aid-to-200-000-syrian-refugees ) to hundreds thousands refugees in countries neighbouring syria and warns of impending high levels of desperation to get ready for . 
  behind the feelgood rethoric , the actions sure paint a different story . 
  no shit sherlock ... she said * more * should come , after all . 
  i meant whatever is already in use . 
  eventually everyone settles in or leaves in the end ( freeing capacity for new illegals and migrants ) , the facilities do n't need to keep expanding like they 're refugee camps . 
  it will only cost that if germany willingly spends it for granting benefits . 
  facilities to house and process refugees and the personel in charge cost the same wether there 's more refugees or less . 
  peace and safety on the continent . 
  fewer desperate and exploitable hobos in the streets , and less illegal workers to take your jobs . 
  if anyone 's got to , let it be another european . 
  this way , the regular immigration will be nowhere as worrying as it is now , and legal migrants less stigmatized . 
  refugees should stay in whichever country welcomed them or processed their refuge applications . 
  as for illegal migrants , the procedures to follow are clear . 
  it 's not greece but germany that should go , one way or another . 
  the subcontinent 's riches flow one way towards berlin , and the rest of the eurozone riddled with poor growth cant keep up and ramps up deficit against germany . 
  i mention germany specifically because it 'd be easier for a single country to make moves as opposed to the whole eu ( whose members are affected unequally by changes , and what accomodates berlin may simply be intolerably painful or destabilizing for all other members , like austerity ) . 
  they 're right . 
  ` imposed solidarity ' can work out for blocs on the model of the us but not the eu , wheres states reject responsibility unto each others . 
  in europe , there 's too much cutural and generally non-economic differences for a flood of illegal migration to not cause durable problems . 
  the ` luckiest ' members are probably the smaller states where integration would be the most difficult ( even if states do welcome them ) . 
  it 's no wonder everyone aims for france and germany , just know/learn the language and you 're manage . 
  the list of infractions and smuggled food found will be longer than the eiffel tower . 
  summer brings lowpaid temporary jobs that do n't increase spending power much . 
  paying for unlockables optional . 
  sell 1 pound of coal , double the gdp . 
  plot twist : they were greece 's planes , until it sold them for pennies to repay foreign banks . 
  so , provocateurs under orders ? 
  fear of the unknown . 
  also , misinformation from ` anti-greek ' greek media , fueled by sides with incompatible agendas . 
  it now depends on other nations ' solidarity for help with its debt and shrinking economy . 
  the natural reflex is to hole themselves in the castle rather than risk leaving into the wilderness . 
  there may be wolves inside but there 's more outside ( or so it is believed ) . 
  my money 's on 3 weeks tops . 
  absolutely not . 
  since greece can not use the proceeds as it deems fit , it 's essentially depositing funds into a foreign-controlled account that was just setup on its soil so there is less controversy about sovereignty . 
  the real difference would be wether privatizations would have assets sold above their nominal price ( profitable , will help repayments ) or below ( waste of revenue , would help repayments even less than putting privatizable assets on the market the normal way ), 
  lower taxation with deposit guarantees/privacy on the model of swiss/ireland could be viable , without going as far as a tax evasion haven . 
  greece needs not `` loans '' but capital that either gets spent on investment there , or taxed . 
  greece could still switch to internal market ( agriculture , domestic products , firms ... ) all the while it reduces its expenses in euros/dollars , and just in case it needs to restore the drachma or a similar currency , directly trade with export nations like china in national currencies and secure investment from the same ( would significantly protect against devaluation ) . 
  everything greece imports from the eu , it could obtain from elsewhere much cheaper . 
  replacing eu goods would with cheaper alternative would already go a long way towards balancing its budget and securing surplus ( assuming they still have to service debts , otherwise the higher surplus would accelerate recovery ) . 
  blame would be assigned onto them , even if it financially makes no difference wether they default or get relieved from the debt . 
  this difference would allow creditors to seize greece 's international assets or similarly sabotage its recovery by blocking it from receiving foreign revenues ( imf asked tour operators to pay it instead of greece . 
  the only explanation to do this to a country this dependant on tourism is surely starving them of revenues till they beg for mercy ) . 
  tax havens do n't produce anything either , and it didnt stop them from becoming prosperous economic hubs . 
  greece 's problem is it was riddled with * odious debt * . 
  they 'd have the higher moral ground to denounce and refuse to service it , so they can rebuild their society , the initiator party really being the main difference ( default itself or have creditors agree to more than symbolic debt relief ) . 
  ultimatums , threats , coercion ... what a wonderful europe we built ... 
  an independant media would 've called that day in day out , but not what pretends today to be a `` free press '' . 
   we are centimeters away famous last words ... 
  empty words meant for local consumption . 
  if they were serious , they 'd not only grant asylum , but also protection and ensure those people share all that activities france should be concerned about that its allies are hiding from it . 
  countries with rising high youth unemployment disagree . 
  * early * retirement is more often than not used not to replace workers , but actually shrink the workforce ( not due to shrinking labour needs but other requirements such as from international lenders demanding reduced employment and unemployment spending from states ) . 
  they need to start by ceasing to raise the retirement age ( a poor policy that actually solves nothing employment-wise , for any of the age groups ) . 
  the shortterm temporary gain that can be had from delaying payment of pensions dwarfs the bigger benefit of replacing old workers with young ones . 
  and only 2 world wars , which it shared with everyone else ... ` unity ' is sheer madness when combined with irreducible maximalism , especially when rivals adopt a similar position ( of ` unity ' ) . 
   when germany eased visa requirements for ukrainians 15 years ago , there was a huge surge in human trafficking . 
  should n't eased requirements actually reduce fraud ? 
  if you thought welcoming syrian refugees was pushing it , brave yourselves for a human wave . 
  i 'm surprised so few realize how bad of an idea that would be to remove travel restrictions before at least 5 years ( except for select ` safe ' groups , like scientists and scholars ) . 
  everyone in ukraine would bail out to greener pastures , and except russia , none of the neighboring countries in eu has the capacity to accommodate such a huge number without a demographic and economic hit for natives ( lower competitivity on the job market for example . 
  same as for the us , why hire americans when mexicans would gladly do the same job for cheaper ? 
  wherever it went , it still transited through moldova ( if just local branches of foreign banks , with explicit complicity and criminal intent ) . 
  if the money ca n't be directly recovered , the culprits actively involved in the fraud should be liable for the whole amount . 
  the real problem : what if the fraud was even bigger ? 
  what a game plan . 
  it 's like they 're 100 % certain such a theft will not happen * again * for the next 25 years ... impound sht , nationalize illegally held property and send culprits to the guillotine . 
  howeowners in hardship are still expected to repay their loans , there 's no reason to spare millionaires because ` think of our feelings ! ', 
   russia should start selling assets . 
  nonsense . 
  noone should sell assets when prices fall , their value should be maximized instead regardless of temporary downturns . 
  privatization would be fine but not handing out assets to foreign or foreign-controlled groups , especially on the cheap . 
   just curious how people survive on that . 
  is everything just very cheap ? 
  pretty much everyone owns their home ( [ 85 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_home_ownership_rate ) ) , so there 's little need to worry about rent or unless you 're still paying a big loan/mortgage valued in dollar . 
  education is free or cheap , and healthcare barely more expensive unless you want to spend extra for better care/facilities . 
  utilities are considered inexpensive , and apart from foreign goods whose prices considerably increased thanks to devaluation , everything domestic remained acceptably priced . 
  domestic goods , produce and services got a big boost from the reduced reliance on imports . 
  transportation except taxis is generally inexpensive as well . 
  but even before going into the local cost of living and currency weakness , an average job 's dollar goes there longer than with a good job in western countries , especially if you go to more rural regions ( although logistics may make goods more expensive ) . 
  tl : dr fundamentals cost a lot less there ( housing , education , healthcare , food ), 
  making sure all local and friendly international coverage sings to the same tune , whatever the reason is . 
  by the time it happens , early stories could have gained traction or debunk the official version . 
  eu will only start being safe again after its people kick out the traisonous elites demanding its urgent implosion . 
  eastern europe has no need for * illegal migrants * looking for handouts , and has no room in its budgets to accommodate welfare shoppers that would n't be better off spent on their own citizens . 
  western europe can decide to support illegals with its budget but does not have the right to impose its choices upon other nations unable to cope with such a burden in a capacity higher than symbolic . 
  they wo n't suffer either from things like having electricity , running water , safe streets , restored infrastructure , proper healthcare ... 
  it 's the procedures that have to change .
