  normally , if more jobs cant be created , it 's necessary to replace the oldest workers who are already close to the retirement age , ideally at no penalty for them since young workers they are replaced with will contribute far more over their life to compensate for the cost of providing pensions a year or 2 earlier to beneficiaries . 
  ukrainian men barely live long enough to enjoy retirement . 
  like it or not , europe is heading there , just not by reducing life expectancy . 
  a small specialized army is more easily managed and transported , given how few armed conflicts there are nowadays . 
  uk cant participate in all of those anyway . 
  great , add 3 more years to everyone 's retirement age . 
  all it has to do is install windows 8 on a test machine for everyone to try . 
  officials will ditch that godspeed and find comfort in even gentoo . 
  the leftists have lost their minds sinking ship france , especially the current president 's antics and shady manipulations . 
  no wonder people are voting fn , this shit has got to stop . 
  the recent `` sanction orgy contest '' is a joke that will cost our economy . 
  no serious country will give another look at rafales , after the farce we pulled with mistrals . 
   are there real alternatives on the way ? 
  never if the neonazis acquire nukes . 
  if hitler did , entire planet would be speaking german . 
  he got off easy , they didnt gouge his eyes then hang him and his buddies to lampposts . 
  they got a big problem with immigrants , but this is no way to throw them away en masse . 
  that said , those are blamed for a lot of greece 's problems , if just out of ignorance . 
  it 's easier to scapegoat foreigners who flee the country with whatever wealth they managed to ` smuggle ' out . 
  `` falsely '' ... 
  so , who decides something is false , in the paradise of corruption on earth , and how much does `` proving your innocence '' cost ? 
  report all their posts !, 
  block his pandora account and he 'll sing another tune !, 
  not happening . 
  borders are not viable , it 's really minuscule and depends on good neighbourly relations with its immediate neighbouring nations . 
  as long as it does n't break ties to those or they do n't , it 's under no danger and should focus on its own development . 
  ridiculous . 
  it 's nowhere as bad as pollution in china . 
  look at this site 's other `` news '' and form your own opinion on its credibility . 
  seriously , a scoop how supposedly michelle obama is a tranny ?!, 
  the biggest revelation here is some exist who view this site as a credible source of news . 
  essentially nationalistic fascism , not specially german . 
  it 's more associated with the inhuman practices of such violent regimes and reminds of the sacrifices that were necessary to defeat it . 
  imagine how different today 's world would have been if nazis secured and used atomic weapons just a month before the west or guaranteed the continuation of the 3rd reich thanks to mad . 
  all europe would have needed to go nuclear and spam their territories with defenses . 
  we need these for western electoral campaigns . 
  smiling family : ron paul bloody coffin : obama ( care ), 
  i guess that would send the point across for those 50 old people who cant read ... 
  something tells me its a false flag operation from nsa or affiliated groups , deflecting responsibility to an easily demonized party . 
  all it needs is traffic for command & control servers temporarily redirected to china or russia . 
  military preparedness and spending was never a problem for europe , its surrounded by oceans , friendly nations and weak republics easily controlled using finance , investment and generally economic measures . 
  peaceful democratic rule should still be supported , its the only way to build lasting bridges between otherwise fractured societies . 
  increasing polarization serves noone 's interests in those countries , whose ethnic and economic diversity should be and remain respected . 
  just look at scotland . 
  if things were as rosy as uk pretends , why is it looking to secede , and why is uk doing its best to force it not to , disregarding the people 's vote in advance , whatever it may be leaning toward ? 
  unless russia is claimed to have been behind that secessionism and looking to build military bases there , there 's no changing the people 's will . 
  what would the uk do if it secede after all , blockade it and surround it with tanks , submarines and sam , inflicting death or bankrupcy to anyone who dares establish friendly ties with it ? 
  escalating tensions by polarizing society into enemy factions is still not the way to handle such situations . 
  all this posturing is shownig crimeans is kiev being a major threat to their rights and now security , so definitely not the way to win their minds or hearts . 
  kinda telling ( and sad ) that they feel safer with russia 's shield than kiev . 
  europe needs more diplomatic engagement to defuse crisises , not warmongering hawks . 
  its stubbornness gave us 2 world wars already , enough of that partisan hardheaded shit . 
  any politician only concerned about himself mainly ( ` not looking weak ' ) should leave office , that kind of selfcentered people have not the kind we need to prevent or defuse conflicts . 
  ridiculous . 
  looks like an attempt at vilifying the company so concerned parties claim it supports disappropriation of victims . 
  extortion using reputations held as hostage basically . 
  they 're now in control of the police and arsenals , what 's the worst that could happen to anti-democracy treasonous insurgents blocking streets in protests ? 
  false flag operations as usual , blitz-blaming authorities until the most honest/least corrupt resign or are overpowered . 
  didnt stop the nazis from rising back when they burned the reichtag and blamed in on the communists , in dark times when facebook promoted stories , twitter and photoshop didnt exist . 
  i 'm sure there exist some actually positive about it and not worried the east and south may follow and take their toys , factories and lands with them ... more seriously , if i had to speculate , positive sentiment about it would likely be a realization if unity is ( made ) impossible under the current regime , a clean separation may be the best option . 
  the imf will bleed ukraine dry like greece in short order . 
  fascists are indeniably a big problem . 
  not sanctioning them or keeping them away of power decredibilises the current regime , especially when they blatantly threaten entire elected offices under duress into either voting things their way or mass resignations ` or else ' , and handing off governorates to oligarchs does nothing to curb corruption and the mingling of big money with politics , with hated oligarchs just getting replaced by other oligarchs . 
  a somewhat neutral article from * western media * , with no cold war hysteria or warmongering ? 
  now i 've seen everything . 
  i was referring to when things normalized for the bloc around 2000 , the difficult times before and right after the fall of the soviet union are well documented in comparison . 
  that was more of a trend i noticed in general with ex-soviet countries , not specific to poland ( skilled labour underpaid in their country , moving to western countries , perpetuating low wages inside the original country ) . 
  the countries themselves may be holding out , but average ludmilla 's situation is not improving as steadily to keep up with inflation . 
  it 's become a worldwide trend now , but in most western countries workers had a more significant safety net or better base salaries more suitable for fending off rainy days . 
  western-style democracy doesnt work in europe , for ex-soviet countries ( elections are fine , but the post-2000 uncontrolled capitalist globalization is tearing countries apart ) . 
  just look at poland 's example , it 's seen as just a source of very cheap labour , and despite the country 's ` economic miracle ' , its population 's situation is rock-bottom bad and barely changed . 
  first to blame : removal of the social net , deposession of its industries and companies by a west eager to acquire them ( definitely will happen to ukraine ) , which will worsen the situation for the workforce . 
  and that 's not even getting into the eu integration 's crazy conditions . 
  some : massive devaluation of the currency , removal of a lot of social protection measures , privatization of a large part of state-owned companies whose operation by the state is what kept them from collapsing ( think of uk 's rail system as example , its falling apart after the gov sold it to greedy vultures ) , requirement to take large loans with high interests if late repaid ( see greece , it 's definitely happening to ukraine all the same expect sooner , greece just delayed the inevitable and now struggles to just repay the interest , imposing inhumane levels of austerity on its population . 
  i have skilled , well-employed friends there whose plight would make statues shed hot tears , and are considering fleeing to * anywhere * that is n't called greece or north korea ) . 
  all sides should help ukraine economically in a honest manner instead of trying to polarize the society into a `` with us or against us '' manner . 
  kinda sad seeing populations ' desire for change being hijacked to start a new cold war . 
  all the current ex-rebel leaders have pasts just as embarassing . 
  what should shock is their histories and infighting before the last election were so bad yanukovich * managed * to win as the lesser evil . 
  this happened after both sides agreed to participate in a discussion group , so likely us , to drive a wedge between russia and germany ( for whom ties with russia are more important in the longterm than this month 's ephemereal posturing ) , if the call 's content was even genuine ( to cause apprehensions in the opposing party , who may question merkel 's honesty during a negociation ) . 
  on an aside , it 's not called leaking or wiretapping if us politicians were part of the phone conversation they shared with the world !, 
   he may indeed take all of ukraine . 
  not a chance , it 'd be a major liability with its economy barely holding together with wires and duct tape . 
  it 'd also perpetuate polarization of its society instead of reducing tensions . 
  improving the economy/spending power mainly , and improving justice/reducing corruption . 
  essentially everyone moved on hope for change , breaking the stalemate about matters important to the population . 
  social justice may be difficult to attain given the hysteria-fed polarization of the situation since december . 
  they actually agreed , and nothing but the malice of agent provocateurs wouldve kept the riots going . 
  the ` pro-eu ' side did not respect its engagements twice now , initially the day before blood was shed then when yanukovitch 's car was shot at in a visible assassination attempt . 
  he 's still a corrupt politician , but the pro-eu ones are no better and were chased of power before him all the same . 
  right now what is necessary is to restore the rule of law , which means riots have to stop or be stopped , with all and any parties responsible for their continued obstruction of the public infrastructure brought to justice . 
  too late , the damage is done . 
  their colors have been shown , it 's clear the new faces will only be biding their time to persecute anyone who disagrees with them , once the media is either subverted or the topic dies down . 
  either way , `` unity '' wont be happening if the agreements signed are not enacted and all parties reached out to without prejudice or malice like when the language law was repealed out nothing more than spite by lawmakers clearly abusing their affectation and no longer deserving to serve in office or to be trusted with lawmaking and voting legislation . 
  the eu is fast becoming the new soviet union ... 
  they 'll only hand control after the wehrmacht occupies athens again and appoints yes-men as governors . 
  it 's also called `` they 're your fcking problem now '' diplomacy . 
   problem with that is that a country like turkey is economically , politically and socially incapable of taking in four million refugees . 
  so are the 3/4 of the european union ... 
  if germany wants to welcome refugees , it better put its money where its mouth is and fly them to berlin from their home countries and the ` first safe country ' .
