  this is the problem with discourse within this country - i 'm not saying you have to be abu hamza levels to ` qualify ' to not being integrated . 
  this is all anecdotal of course , and unquantifiable - but my entire life has been living in areas with minorities , or even being a minority myself ( lol ) . 
  people are tribal - there are not a large amount of people who go around single handedly causing mayhem . 
  in fact , there are plenty of people i met which on their own seem fine , respectable individuals just like any other british citizen - but when clumped together in this disconnected ( self-disconnected ) group , is when trouble begins . 
   can you expand on these places please ? 
  not sure where you 're referring to . 
  i 'm not personally going into exact details of where i come from . 
  i will say a lot of northern cities and suburbs within northern cities . 
  again , how can you live within the uk and not hear how a lot of northern cities , inner city areas and sub urbs , are regarded as ? 
  do we need to bring in the south as well ? 
  london inner city areas have huge problems with integration with migrant populations , or even 3rd + generation immigrants ( what i classify as british people , even though a lot seem to denounce the fact they are indeed british people ) . 
  this whole thing is very sensitive to me , hence the rambling incoherency , because it seems a whole lot of people with no real actual experience growing up in these areas say a whole lot of stuff . 
  stats are stats . 
  people are n't maths . 
  integration has been , and continues , to be a huge grassroots problem - and with the current trajectory of the way past governments have dealt with that ? 
  it 's going to continue being a problem for a long while yet . 
  / rant edit : did n't see this  what is the criteria for integrating then ? 
  i ca n't , and wo n't , give a concrete definition because you ca n't quantify it . 
  it 's also kind of facetious to just throw the notion of integration out of the window cos it 's not a simple 1-10 requirements list - but it damn well starts with respect and a willingness to contribute more than just gdp . 
  people place too much value on gdp output . 
  micro/macro-societal and cultural impacts are just as important . 
  there are large parts of the uk where it 's very unwise/unsafe for a non-immigrant to go . 
  how are you oblivious to this ? 
  3 different towns/cities , multiple places within each - it 's not an isolated incident . 
  and the picture is n't as rosy as you think . 
  uk society is fractured beyond belief at a certain class , and unfortunately in strong multi-cultural areas , you 'll find the multiple cultures are at odds with each other . 
  are they hacking each other to pieces ? 
  is this the category required to be filled for ` not integrating ' ? 
  is it fuck . 
   the vast majority of minorities are very well adjusted . 
  live in a few places i have lived in then revaluate . 
   what is `` legitimate '' about being anti-eu because you are expected to respect fundamental human rights ? 
  you should be a politician . 
  this is actually very interesting - ca n't wait to see the results of the conversation . 
  you guys are in the same boat as us as far as i 'm aware - we 're both already opt-out of the quota . 
  as / u/trorollel said , the eu makes stark distinctions between contributory nations and recipient nations , denmark and uk falling in the former . 
  because enforcing mandatory migration quotas is a sure fire way to maintain a healthy , respectful continuing union . 
  / s i am so pro eu , and hesitant to jump on the ` orwellian curtain pulled before our eyes ' bandwagon , but this just kinds of fuels anti-eu sentiment with actual legitimacy . 
  edit : marked sarcasm . 
  we 're behind you !, 
  tekken are radical in their approach and ideals usually . 
  feminist radicals irritate me , but not as much as a group of men discussing the legitimacy of beating your wives , according to some fucking centuries oppressive violent intolerant religion . 
  good on them . 
  essentially , yes . 
  sadly . 
  they look down on everywhere which is n't super rich cushy western europe . 
  this sounds potentially off-taste , but i 've heard this banded round a lot - forgive me if i am being offensive . 
  do you think it could be a deep grained ` guilt ' of the german system due to ww2 ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  i have a hard time believing it , but i 've heard it a lot and it 'd be interesting to hear a german 's thoughts on it . 
  what is running through these people 's minds when these decisions are being made . 
  honestly . 
  completely out of touch with reality . 
  i come from rotherham - there 's so much denial going on even now , and as these cases were coming to light , people were rushing to defend the demographic which is disproportionately causing this crisis . 
  made me sick . 
  i ca n't believe what i 'm reading !, 
  how is this even acceptable ? 
  i 'm european . 
  this subreddit 's official language is english , to be fair . 
  not sure what connection you 're trying to make about the fact this is thread about neo-nazis though , elaborate ? 
  quiet , you peasant !, 
  hmm ? 
  * hmm ? 
  ur a fukin daft cunt m8 ur lucky ur gaz 's cousin m8 i wear on mi mum * i thoroughly enjoyed your own interpretation of the fad . 
  i propose we carry this on and make sure all of us proud , articulate , noble englishmen are truly represented *, 
  i vote for the 230 technique - and to mix up the language order everytime . 
  every post is like a little puzzle , find your language in the post !, 
  which ( allegedly ) was in response to . . 
  jesus , japan ? 
  i find this offensive and will be taking it up with my local lord to raise funds to launch another pointless war onto your shores . 
  that 's what i do n't get - i understand the reason why it should be punished , but the excessive punishments would kind of make a mockery of the justice system if it was n't so scary . 
  a strong , stirring letter which will bolster both sides of the debate :, 
  it 's sad that i 'm not even surprised by this . 
  go go , leading the way . 
  bravo . 
  this is just sad to read . 
  god bless the brave men and women who helped facilitate this . . 
  now jump !, 
  well , we can see why she may be considered an idiot , but it might not be for the reasons she thinks it is . 
  how very sensible , something quite rare coming from the swedish political sphere right now , ** especially ** a youth wing !, 
  ah poor fella . . 
  this is fucking daft . 
  betrays common sense . 
  not at all , after living in scandinavia for quite a while and visiting the netherlands a couple of times i can confidently say they speak better english than a lot of native speakers - it 's really neat !, 
  this is fascinating , thanks for the clarification !, 
  that saying was attributed to us by * zee * germans i believe !, 
  i want czechs to hold that vote now just so this is a real legitimate movement . 
  it 's too good of a reason to pass on !, 
  `` lions led by donkeys '', 
  i was pro eu , but this . . 
  this calls for all out war !, 
  oh wow that is absolutely gorgeous !, 
  would devo max really impact scotland 's ' sovereign ' right on the oil . . ? 
  i thought the oil was out of the question regarding independence/devo max , as it 's a uk asset . 
  exactly - intervention followed by a disappearing act is probably the most laughable way to ` instill liberty ' . 
  it 's weak to say ` figure it out yourselves ' if you had a direct hand in the action . 
  weak and irresponsible . 
  culture can and does play a huge part . 
  very true and insightful posts in general - could n't say it better myself . 
  too often people lurch towards either extremes of the spectrum without actually realising that , as well as due process and procedure , there has to be a critical , constructive and precise discussion about the core elements which cause and facilitate these problems in the first place .
