[ guess what you are ? 
  ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/030/403/youmad.jpg ), 
  [ lost count . 
  ] ( http://www.reactionimage.org/img/gallery/633124284.jpg ), 
  [ sure . 
  [ ok . ] ( http://0.media.dorkly.cvcdn.com/36/35/6603dc5a9292104b44c349b85b5aaf7a-5-crazy-fan-theories-that-make-total-sense.jpg ), 
  you 're not worth it . 
  despicable little person . 
  you edited . 
  he did n't even state anything as such you arsehole . 
   we have intentionally blocked this website so you would n't get harmed . 
  that 's like something * straight * out of a dystopia sci-fi future . 
  shut up agincourt . 
  who are ya who are ya who are ya, 
  i 'd like to say i 'm surprised . 
  sadly , i 'm not . 
  it 'd be interesting to see how many times the words `` euro '' `` trash '' `` fag '' and `` kraut '' came up too . 
  god save the queen , and i totally agree . 
  good . 
  very very good to read . 
  living in sweden right now - really hoping for the swedish government to see sense . 
  i 'd say 80 % , hah . 
  ( living in sweden right now , 86 % seems too low !! ), 
  extreme right wing is demonised ( rightly so ) , rarely see any extreme left wing mini-documentaries . 
  was n't really sensationalist anyway , i feel . 
  surprise - it 's utter chaos . 
   it 's confirmation bias genuinely hope it is, 
  are n't we all . 
  yeah well played indeed . 
  to sum up : * i am very self aware that my views on integration within immigrant communities are bias by my personal experiences ( hospitalised , daily racist abuse etc. ) . 
  i do n't ever deny that , and it may be a crux when it comes to these views . 
  but it is what it is . 
  but i feel experience trumps lack of . 
  * i am a very strong believer of the global community and immigration - but i am also a huge proponent of integrating if you choose to move to a new host country . 
  and i feel that is n't happening on a wide scale within the uk . 
  i hate having to stress this because it reeks of ` thou doth protest ' , but i get accused of so much shit , commie , facist , racist , loopy left wing etc. 
  i am not : * anti-immigration * racist * anti-eu, 
   i do n't really have the patience to debate this with you . 
   if you ca n't agree a definition , how are we supposed to even begin a discussion ? 
  quit wasting both our times then . 
  it 's been clearly stated it 's kind of a redundant discussion coming from two fundamental differences . 
  you literally added nothing , and continue to do so . 
   well , that 's pretty much the case for my in-laws , and they 're more or less the average ethnic family . 
  and as i stated waaaay back when concerning your inlaws , if they were socialising with predominately black people was irrelevant just cost they 're black , it 's if they 're british people - the example you gave with the swedes , i 'd classify those involved as swedish , and likewise i 'd classify those people as british that your in-laws muck about with . 
  you simply stated ` black people ' - did n't know what to go off on from that . 
   crime has always been the work of a minority of people . 
  as an argument to support the analysis of a majority of people , it would be a very poor argument . 
  if you were to use it to argue against integration as a whole , maybe so , but it 's very subjective issue . 
  to use it argue against the statement , `` the majority of ethnic minorities have adjusted well '' would be a terrible , irrelevant arguments , because as stated before , crime is always something that only a minority of the population is engaged in . 
  ok actually very true and valid point , i stand corrected . 
  thought so . 
  i do n't think it is irrelevant whatsoever - disproportionate representation is a pretty big thing . 
   that goes against your initial argument about it not just being about not being a criminal or dangerous or violent or what not . 
  no it does n't because i 'm not changing my base claim . 
  me stating it 's not * just * about being criminal/dangerous/violent does not then mean i ca n't state that that * could * be a factor as well . 
  i even said as a ` starting ' point . 
  if we were to try to quantify something . 
  which links to the next point . .  but ... you will find that for any demographic you pick in the uk , approx at least 90 % will be law abiding citizens you can , * not * commit crime , and still not be integrated . 
  ( that sentence sounds better when spoken )  crime rates indicating integration , supports my argument that the vast majority are well integrated . 
  if the basis of my hypothesis was `` integration has failed because the crime rates show disproportionate representation within [ x ] community '' . 
  even then , basic maths says that if that was the basis of my hypothesis , it would be a pretty strong one unless i 'm getting something horribly wrong . 
   however , by circumstance , you happened to spend the slight majority of your time with ethnic british , some of whom had been in sweden for generations and as such are now swedish , some of whom had been recent migrants , but all of whom spoke perfect swedish , and together you did swedish stuff together , sometimes in the company of ethnically swedish swedes . 
  surely that is a level of integration that can be considered successful ? 
  or do you disagree ? 
  when detailed to that level , i completely and wholeheartedly agree . 
  by the way , i say all this and i am a huge proponent of immigration . 
  a place i lived in - in the past , rotherham . 
  do some preliminary research there . 
  london , i hate to use this because it is a tactic of far right nutjobs , but all you have to do is look at the crime rates and disproportionate representation of immigrant communities . 
  if breaking the law of the land is not classified as failed integration i 'm not sure what is . 
  no , people have integrated successfully , and people have failed stupendously . 
  a large amount has - i even stated towards the top what i was saying is anecdotal . 
  this entire debate is pointless as it lies within core disagreements and beliefs on what this * intangible * integration . 
  but if you have nothing to add , which you do n't , why even comment ? 
  what should i fucking source ? 
  i mean , i will try to source , but i 'm not sure there is a state defined requirement of integration targets ? 
   why does the nationality of who they socialise with matter though ? 
  i am currently in sweden right now - i would personally find it hard to integrate here if i did n't surround myself with swedes , speak the language and do ` swedish stuff ' with the swedes . 
  if i just joined expat groups , hung around with the english , went to english bars and only surrounded myself with internationals . . how the hell am i going to be fully integrated i do n't understand . 
  it 's obvious we have two very different views on integration her - yours are quite obviously bias by your so and the inlaws , i 'm bias by my personal constant negative experience with poor integration within multiple communities . 
  it 's a fundamental disagreement , and not something that 'll be fixed as i 'm not entirely sure what you can source with figures . 
  i guess we could delve into crime rates at a starting point if we were to begin with trying to put a pin in it , but that 's a shaky road to go down . 
  so how do you do about sourcing something like this then ? 
  what would your solid definition of integration be ? 
  i 'm not sure how i can without shoving you around multiple areas and forcing you to live there . 
  another reply for your new edit . 
  i 'm genuinely glad your west indian in laws are perfectly nice people . 
   yet , if they predominantly socialise with other black people , is that a problem with them integrating ? 
  if them black people are british people of course not . 
  edit : to clarify that ^ it 's kind of common sense , irrelevant if you 're black , or white , asian or whatever - if you predominantly socialise and spend your life around people who are not british , you will not be as integrated . 
  will you be a bad person ? 
  not necessarily . 
  will you be integrated ? 
  not necessarily . 
  second reply concerning :  but i live in the north , and when you look into it , it does n't really seem to be the case , except for a few specifically deprived areas . 
  it 's not a few specific deprived areas !, 
  that simply * is n't * the case, 
   i do n't see what your measurement of integration is then . 
  read my edit, 
   but the average ethnic minority is a lot closer to colin jackson , trevor mcdonald , dizzee rascal , lenny henry , jermain defore , loraine pascale , riz lateef , monty panesar etc than they are to abu hamza or that other prat who was recently arrested .
