it can proof ? 
  believe me , it 's always bad . 
  so you heard how well our president speak english , right ? 
  `` they know how to make gates here '' you need to go to buckingham palace . 
  yeah i imploded at this point . 
  just like when he got to visit le louvre alone . 
  the is methods are pathetic . 
  and washington , paris , london , new delhi , vancouver and pluto . 
  but , andorre is so beautiful !, 
  that 's just hard . 
  http://i.imgur.com/p9h48ps.jpg this one is ... awesome . 
  i believe de gaulle was a filthy manipulator who did whatever he could to keep his power , regardless of democracy and the people of our former colonies . 
  i wo n't consider this man as an inspiration . 
  france : no . 
  same reasons as kin-luu . 
  poland can into computer !, 
  happy europe day , guys !, 
  may we all continue in our fruitful journey . 
  you 're cold and true , sir . 
  i like you . 
  do n't forget the crackhead, 
  good way to shame your country , trying to scare refugees with drone shots of a police car and action movie music . 
  seriously , get him sacked already . 
  edit : any explanation for the downvotes ? 
  is it because you love drones ? 
  [ fucking french flag your joke ai n't funny ] ( http://www.ccf-ka.de/ccfa12/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/logo-france1.jpg ), 
  did n't notice you 're from belgium . 
  so you get a free pass . 
  i 'm crying tricolore tears right now . 
  oh well that 's just the uk , you guys are different . 
  well at least it 's not frank underwood . 
  you like it rough . 
  uber is illegal . 
  burn them all . 
  france is beautiful this time of year . 
  just take a cab , you 'll see . 
  i remember , i live in a small southern city , and once it was so quiet that the crs 's stopped to chat with me out of the cinema . 
  i 'm sure they 're glad to be here . 
  france and britain fought enough throughout history . 
  that no matter the actual problems we 'll all find time to behave like children ? 
  i want to be a sarcastic asshole without damages . 
  it makes me sad that we need to put the / s now in order to avoid the rain of blind downvotes :(, 
  because we do n't have crazy murderers in france . 
  it 's not like a bunch of french nationals did * something * on january 7th . 
  yeah that 's gr ... hold on . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm also getting tired of the blind anti-nazism . 
  / s for the people who were n't gifted with a funny bone . 
  neverrrrr, 
  je m ` excuse platement . 
  the perks of being dutch . 
  well part of you guys speak german ^ right ? 
  you mean i need to stop talking for the entire nation ? 
  why ? 
  by the way , the french media are going crazy , because once again , how do you even pronounce that name, 
   so i tend to try my best to insult all french people you 're a good brit . 
  cried some cheese-smelling tears . 
  i laughed so hard when i saw the news the other day . 
  bad luck terrorists . 
  no , it 's not . 
  i read that , thanks . 
  i indeed , knowingly , oversimplified . 
  does n't change my answer . 
  white skin and being tall has nothing to do with health problems . 
  fighting obesity is more difficult than just imposing this law , so it 's an ongoing thing he media are not interested in . 
  having a normal and healthy bmi index has nothing to do with fat . 
  the bmi includes weight and height . 
  that is all . 
  people do not look at the ( hypothetical ) obese mannequins and say `` woah , i want to ruin my health to become one of them ! '' . 
  so any law on this would be close to useless . 
  there are other ways of fighting the growing obesity problem . 
  ways that make sense . 
  keep in mind that this is less to protect the minority of mannequins than to protect the people influenced by it who fall into anorexia . 
  `` talking kumquats '' new words for my brain yey, 
  exactly my opinion . 
  ever since i was a child , i thought of a big , unified europe ( ue was basically everything from portugal to moscow for me ) . 
  but it 's just not possible right now . 
  people would just refuse . 
  * triggered *, 
  i 'm talking about politicians here , bud !, 
  we should all express our profound thanks to our dear russian hackers . 
  whoever you are , i gently slap your ass . 
  regards . 
  fookin abstentionists ruin everything . 
  you have people in the us that you should worry about more right now . 
  it 's okay mate . 
  fighting other french idiots is far more challenging and fun . 
  `` just like eurovision except with guns . '', 
  i can go with that . 
  good night mate . 
  french language best language . 
  ps : you are right . 
  you meant `` m\u00e8tre '' and `` kilogramme '' . 
  i knew it !, 
  let 's face it , otan is its one true name . 
  the picture agrees . 
  our ancestors probably lived in the same country then . 
  to the ancestors !, 
  coming from savoy originally . 
  you 're in the north ?
