  i 'm sorry mate . 
  i 'm in grenoble right now , gon na steal the hospital helicopter and come for coffee time . 
  fries are belgians . 
  never been french in the first place . 
  common yankee mistake . 
  so i just feel bad for them . 
  then i feel bad for what happened to you guys in iraq . 
  so in the end i just feel love for you , mate . 
  edit : good luck with your two-party-system freedom . 
  :( edit : you 're marked as italian . 
  i do n't even know anymore . 
  i do n't know . 
  bad souvenirs . 
  but we have two brand new ships here , we can go for a little tour close to their border . 
  our german minority is doing fine . 
  we 'll just send photographs . 
  please do n't come closer . 
  i 'm not . 
  what is this , no love zone ? 
  french military best military . 
  plus we have free refill in europe . 
  and free ketchup . 
  and free restrooms . 
  you 're relevant to me :'), 
  they do n't have the info yet , doctors are doing everything they can . 
  in the early hours of sunday , you 'd struggle to find a sober person , you magnificent twat . 
  france : blame the government . 
  even if you just elected it . 
  fuck the government . 
  who did you blame for your minister painting himself in black ? 
  so there will be nothing over the sea in the netherlabds . 
  oh that i never doubted it !, 
  i do n't know man , frogs and snails already sound weird to me . . 
  that is ... not my thing . . 
  * haha that 's a great translation *, 
  you mean try to burn a flag is n't a smart thing to do ? 
  europe , mighty europe . 
  ho , icelandic , let 's eat cheese together . 
  this picture lacks some che ^ e ^ eee ^ e ^ ee ^ eee ^ e ^ e ^ e ^ ee ^ ese, 
  it 's ... not ... * enough * ... 
  not gon na lie , i thought france had a lot . 
  damn it . 
  we 'll take london and dover , you can take the rest . 
  plus , how can you have `` enough '' hot chicks ? 
  at least we do n't have diseases because of people refusing to vaccinate . 
  in fact i do n't know if it 's really better, 
  did n't even notice . 
  yep . 
  they are describing a armed annexion of a region , using anonymous soldiers to murder local forces and to violate human rights ( free speech ) . 
  that 's professional propaganda right there . 
  anyway . 
  got ta go back to work . 
  take care . 
  no mate , this is all an evil german plan . 
  it is known . 
  why do i even know this song . . 
  yeah . 
  why do hot girls have to live in these countries ? 
  you are brainwashing yourself . 
  it 's kinda weird . 
  but it 's ok . 
  in france with spit in the face of any newly elected president . 
  it 's not mandatory , but it 's a tradition . 
  `` reunion with crimea '' seems so nice . 
  got ta do what you got ta do . 
  brb , taking the eurostar right away . 
  i 'll show you . 
  cut a whale open and sleep inside it . 
  common ukrainian behavior . 
  the russian minority is in danger . 
  quick , prepare the nukes . 
  news to repaint this parliament tho . 
  blame the germans !, 
  regards , france . 
  iceland is already so close with the eu . 
  is there any reason for them to change ? 
  glorious french empire, 
  do n't let the brits come close to st pierre et miquelon tho . 
  they have a bad habit of destroying it . 
  compulsory behaviour . 
  poor brits . 
  we 'll start from guyane and invade the northern part . 
  once the cocaine storage are under ( glorious ) pioneers control , the rest of the worl will fall . 
  glorious yuropan clay, 
  sounds awesome . 
  the union-eh . 
  france is all about blood . 
  found the rare specimen . 
  it lacks public support entirely , but it was n't dropped . 
  that 's the link . 
  sooo , when do we drop the el kohmri laws ? 
  goude morning , mon bon monsieur !, 
  oh my god just read . 
  always the same answer . 
  we did n't say illegal , we said undemocratic . 
  i 'm tired of you people , just read the goddamn comments above , you have your answer . 
  you did right to leave out solidarit\u00e9 . 
  oh , and also , he pledged on honor . 
  so you 're going to sit there and pretend that he did n't swear on his honor to honor the results of the primary . 
  regardless of who you stand behind , an official not respecting the results of a primary is an official not respecting the voters .
