  besides more and more of us think we want simply different things compared to the spanish ( we do n't want to live under a monarchy anymore ) . 
   some polls have showed a plurality of catalans being for independence , and even then not all of them ( and only in recent years ) . 
  we have a majority in the catalan parliament in favour of independence , 48 % voted so in the last election . 
  if there were a vote tomorrow , independence would win . 
  you can stay on your cloud if you like but more and more join us everyday . 
  the pp is an independentista making machine , even those who are opposed to independence here recognise that . 
  you are laughing at us . 
  that is only slightly offensive but ok . you are welcome to come to the diada next month and see over 2 million people in the streets of barcelona demanding independence . 
  then we will see who is laughing . 
  the only people who should be being laughed at is the spanish government and those who think they can keep us in spain against our will . 
  how so ? 
  that is barcelona , the slogans are in catalan . 
  to describe us as spanish is pushing it to say the least . 
  we are only technically spanish . 
  i , for one , ca n't wait to burn my spanish passport . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ( * gathers breath * ) hahahahahahahahahahahaha !!!, 
  that 's so funny because there are people here of different ideologoies in favour of independence . 
  who cares if there are marxists ? 
  it makes no difference whatsoever . 
  god , the level of ignorance about what is going on here is astounding . 
  absolutely unbelievable . 
  we live in a state we do n't want to be in and are not free to leave . 
  in fact the vast majority of catalans want to leave but are not allowed to . 
  that 's how we are not free . 
   heavily devolved government . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  cantons in switzerland or german states have more autonomy than us . 
  we wanted more autonomy and that was completely rejected . 
  so we are left with no choice but independence . 
  then there is the fact that spanish people really , really , really do n't like us or our traditions . 
  are you even aware that anti-catalanism exists ? 
  that looks terrible . 
  my thoughts with the victims . 
  we did a [ similar thing ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_way ) here in catalonia . 
  we will be free soon like the baltics . 
  well done to the police . 
  he 's lucky he did n't hurt anybody while driving , or himself . 
  i read the article . 
  i am afraid we will wake up one day to learn that murray or nawaz has been killed , just like theo van gough or the people at charlie hebdo . 
  because there really is a violent intolerance at play here that too many people shut their eyes to . 
  the guardian has also published many articles criticising the prevent strategy . 
  for many people ( particularly on the left ) , the only issue appears to be western foreign policy . 
  somehow these people would be tolerant of jews , blasphemy , gays and apostates if we changed our foreign policy . 
  the chief rabbi of strasbourg is claiming the assailant attacked a jewish man in 2010 ( see the figaro article about this ) . 
  he apparently believes jewish people are some kind of plot against him . 
  but remember now , it 's not anti-semitism just mental illness at work . 
  shouting : admiral akbar . 
  what do you do for your st. stephen 's day ? 
  the hungarians are celebrating a different st. stephen , the founder of their country . 
  the st. stephen 's day we celebrate is for the early christian martyr . 
  except northern catalonia is not included . 
  the people smugglers must have been passing around the eu flags/photos of angela merkel in order to draw our sympathy and let them through . 
  because the more that managed to get through it to germany , the more money they made . 
  i imagine the people smugglers must love merkel . 
  her policy meant that 2015 was a great year for them and they all must be living it up now . 
  i remember reading an article in french about algerians who were trying to make it to france but had got stuck in greece . 
  when asked how they survived over there without work they answered , `` we have no choice . 
  we steal . / * on n ' a pas de choix . 
  on vole . 
  * '' that is wrong on many levels but the fact that they thought that was acceptable , or that europe should still let them in after doing that , says a lot about them . 
  yes , the guardian is so committed to multiculturalism that they do n't want to hear about the serious intolerance from muslims in the uk and they hate maajid nawaz for pointing that out . 
  the intolerance is , however , very real . 
  for example , when nawaz tweeted some jesus and muhammad cartoons , he received death threats . 
  [ there are still a lot of people who support her ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-poll-support-drops-amid-refugee-crisis-2367038 ) ( about 36 percent ) . 
  even though it seems the majority have turned against her , that is still a lot of people . 
  i 've come across germans who are quite liberal ( who voted for parties other than the cdu in the past ) yet who fully support her refugee policy . 
  i had a german lady who was very pro-migration tell me recently , `` can you imagine what would have happened if germany had n't taken 1 million refugees ? '', 
  i did n't tell her this but of course i could . 
  that decision has already had serious consequences for germany and europe as a whole . 
  remember now ... post-brexit is supposed to look [ like this . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/yiyq5xmw98i ), 
  both camps kind of made is seem that everything was supposed to change the next day . 
  farage calling it independence day etc. 
  puigdemont is not me but rather is my hero . 
  if spain/italy/whatever returned to the currency it had before , it would be a big blow to the economy as it 'd effectively be a devaluation . 
  however , it 's also make it cheap to export or visit there which would help with the economic recovery . 
  the big problem is with the existing debt denominated in euros , often owed to northern european countries or banks . 
  a weaker currency would make it much harder for spain/italy/whatever to make repayments in euros . 
  to make matters worse , the existing debt is huge at over 100 percent of spanish gdp and 130 percent of italian gdp . 
  we did a [ similar thing ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_way ) here in catalonia . 
  we will be free soon like the baltics . 
  there was a similar story with the irish in america with regards religiosity and nationalism . 
  the ira and sinn f\u00e9in ( for a long time considered extremists ) received a lot of vital support from irish americans . 
  i agree . 
  as maajid nawaz ( who is a muslim ) put it : `` it 's simply a measurable , quantifiable fact that we get more outraged by cartoons than by medieval barbarity in our religion 's name . '', 
  the guardian hates nawaz though and has published many articles attacking him . 
  at the same time they have published favourable articles both about and by people from hizb-ut-tahrir !, 
  out of curiosity , how common are burkinis in swimming areas in your country ? 
  you make a good point . 
  i 'd upvote you but your flair says you 're spanish , so i ca n't . 
  sorry , i was away and did n't see your message before . 
  maybe i should have removed this as you already shared the same thing . 
  if he had voted leave , would this be such an issue ? 
  would his position be untenable as he had breached his impartiality ? 
  am i supposed to be impressed by all these posts about protests in romania ? 
  these numbers and protests are rather pathetic [ compared to ours . 
  ] ( http://www.barcelonas.com/images/section-of-v-of-la-diada-2014.jpg ), 
   of course nothing like what 's happened in europe hey , we are in europe too !, 
   but i know what you mean . 
  yeah , we are working on that .
