spain just keeps adding to the list of its disgraces . 
  i , and many others , want out . 
  why on earth are you defending podemos ? 
  they are a fifth column for those of us who are striving for independence . 
  for me a vote for podemos in catalonia is as bad as a vote for the pp !, 
   many of them do not want to go to turkish mosques because they do not understand the sermons . 
  is it really that ambitious to expect or hope that the sermons be given in the language of the country ( german ) rather than in the immigrants native language ? 
  that would promote faster integration in my opinion . 
  it 's still frighteningly high . 
  can somebody explain to me if this makes spain complicit in what is happening in aleppo ? 
  because it seems so from allowing the ship to refuel ? 
  ** edit : ** why the downvotes ? 
   turn a spanish related thread into a catalan shitfest . 
  you know since we do n't seem to be able to get on together , it might be a very good idea to let us leave !!, 
  spanish people , who routinely complain about catalans speaking their own language , acting outraged when they are harassed for speaking theirs . 
  lol . 
  flair checks out . 
  if your competition is not paying taxes and placed at an advantage as a result , there is a big incentive for you not to do so either . 
  sooner or later the senyera will proudly fly over canig\u00f3 and perpiny\u00e0 will be reunited with the rest of catalonia in a free republic of catalonia . 
  a unilateral declaration of independence in catalonia or the basque country is more likely that spain changing , would n't you agree ? 
  but they are completely opposed and spain is unlikely to ever change into a plurinational state . 
  our hopes that this would change went with the estatut and since many people keep voting for c 's and the pp , i think i am right to doubt that this will ever change . 
  asturias , like catalonia , is a nation and its language/culture should be cherished . 
  it 's a real , real shame that that is n't the case . 
  many , many people outside catalonia seem very focused on what language we teach in our schools and how we use our language here . 
  as a nation , i think we should decide how we use it . 
  i also think that the opposition of the pp towards our language/culture is more based on prejudice ( or anti-catalanism ) rather than anything else . 
  i 'm going to pretend i did n't read that , but let me ask a question . 
  is catalonia a nation ? 
  yes or no . 
  how dare you !, 
  we are a nation and a great one . 
  if we are n't a country then scotland or flanders are n't countries . 
  would you dare to say to a scottish person that they are n't a country ? 
  instead you guys throw mud at us . 
  how would you like it if your country was ruled by another one like what happened before in lithuania ? 
  i expected much better from somebody from the baltics . 
  what is your problem with it ? 
  puigdemont is my hero . 
  nothing more . 
  it 's still the number one newspaper in the uk by circulation . 
  think about that . 
  i think that user is a troll account . 
  this should have happened a long time ago . 
  but instead politicians in uk ( corbyn ) along with celebrities have all been visiting the camp acting like it 's a humanitarian disaster and that something must be done to help these people . 
  there have also been many articles in the guardian effectively suggesting the same . 
  things are bad in europe but not that bad . 
  i completely agree . 
  but i think we should apply that logic more thoroughly . 
  because there is no war in western turkey or genocide that the migrants face if we sent them back from greece ( like we are currently doing ) . 
  yet too many people especially on the left argued during the migrant crisis that to send them back would be like what happened to the jews on that ship fleeing nazi germany . 
  edit : [ this is the ship i am talking about ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ms_st._louis ), 
  i agree . 
  well , maybe sturgeon is not lying but is reflecting what her party wants rather than what the people in scotland wants ( as we can see in the opinion poll ) . 
  the same could probably be said of other politicians . 
  what are you saying ? 
  my point is that comments on social media or the stance of popular newspapers do n't necessarily reflect the political reality or even public opinion at large . 
  i do n't know if that was meant to be an attack on me for being a nationalist , but i hope you realise that that is an ad hominem . 
  by that logic , i could say english people wanting to leave the eu is massively overblown . 
  forty-five percent of english people voted to remain , england being by far the most populous of the countries in the uk . 
  that said , you 'd get a very different opinion from seeing the tabloids or the barrages of angry comments from brexiteers on social media . 
  the fact that in madrid they ca n't even form a government makes me want independence even more . 
  right now spain seems like a backwards country in every sense . 
  you know what ? 
  i expected better from somebody whose country had once been occupied and held in a union against its will like finland . 
  so that is the context . 
  but i do n't know why people here are defending what the crowd did . 
  are n't the people behind what happened innocent until found guilty by the court ( i forget how you say that in english ) ? 
  but they are being progressive by allowing the burqa . 
  not just that , but people carrying out violence with a clear religious motivation ( such as screaming `` allahu akbar '' ) at a time when the threat from terrorism is high , only to be told they are mentally ill . of course muslims can be mentally ill like anybody else , but the number of times mental illness has been put forward as the motivation for this violence makes me think people are trying to avoid considering these as terrorist attacks . 
  remember everybody it is just mental illness at work . 
  how common is pre-marital sex in turkey if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  are we in favour of hate or exclusion ? 
  do you mind backing that up ? 
  i did not compare the soviet occupation to being part of spain . 
  i did say that we will be free like the baltics are now . 
  many people here seem not to have understood that . 
   whatever one feels about your situation , you 're making it really damn hard to be sympathetic to your cause . 
  try not to be an ignorant asshole and people might care . 
  i gave my opinion . 
  i am not going to moderate it or how i feel about this when my country is not free to leave and we are constantly insulted . 
  on top of that , many people on reddit seem to want to attack me or downvote me . 
  how would you feel if it was your country ? 
  my point was that we will be independent like the baltics are today . 
  maybe it came out wrong but that is the key point . 
  i said we would be free/independent like the baltics are now . 
  i did n't say anything about rule of the soviets compared to catalonia . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
  i said above that 48 % voted for independence last year and the number has increased since then . 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  that we hate you ? 
   not outside the comment section of abc or el mundo , not in the real world . 
  wrong !, 
  how about la razon , tve or many sections of the pp ( the most voted party in spain ) . 
  did tve not apologise recently for airing a programme in catalan ? 
  they are not proud of the linguistic diversity in spain but are rather ashamed of it or would rather stamp it out . 
  the pp has repeatedly tried to diminish the use of catalan in schools here and even wert said publicly that he wanted to make catalan children spanish / `` espa\u00f1olizar a los alumnos catalanes . '', 
   this sounds like you do n't really want independence , just more autonomy . 
  that was what we wanted for a long time but under spain it is just impossible ( our hopes were crushed with the estatut ) . 
  the `` other spain '' will never agree to making spain a pluri-national or federal spain .
