moving the goalposts there i 'm afraid . 
  please by all means go and tell a unionist in ni that they 're irish will go down as well as telling a nationalist they 're british because northern ireland is part of the uk . 
  your original point is everyone identifies as irish , clearly that 's not true otherwise ireland would be a single nation . 
  northern ireland is a separate entity and technically where they live . 
  there 's a border for a reason , the romantic idea that just because two independent states share the same island does n't mean they should necessarily be the one nation and identity . 
  if you identify as `` irish '' cool but legally speaking you are northern irish and part of the uk . 
  again though you 're idea that everyone thinks themselves `` irish '' is incorrect because i seriously doubt you 'd tell a unionist that . 
  you will when more people join isis . 
  making the integrated or genuine refugees feeling segregated promotes violence , these people will sympathise with the radicals when native europeans start trying to kill off islam in europe . 
  your idea that it does n't matter if muslims get mad is exactly why we are in this situation , people with the same ideals went in with guns and bombs saying they just want to help the middle east when all they did was make people there mad because they lost everything . 
  now do n't take my post as he loves islam , i do n't . 
  i see all religions as a hinderance to modern society but in this situation great thought is needed to make sure we do n't worsen the situation and give more people reasons to take part in terrorism . 
  ireland is not as great as you seem to be letting on here i 'm afraid . 
  ehhhh ... no not really . 
  it 's seems to be people in the republic have , they think a reunion will be all romantic and great but everytime the idea is polled in ni , the majority want to stay in the uk . 
  everyone thinks themselves as irish ? 
  no is the answer . 
  plus the statement is technically wrong to begin with , what about people like myself who moved to here from the uk or people from mainland europe ? 
  living about 1km off the n24 just outside a village with a sizable estate ( it 's not really a blink and you miss it village ) . 
  1.5 mbps download speeds ( was 1mbps last year and we only got 1mbps about two years ago ) . 
  major town would be as small as something like tipperary . 
  i do n't live in a small town actually , i live outside a small enough village that is in between limerick and tipperary . 
  it 's less remote than what most people would think when you describe the issues we get . 
  the a&e and hospital crisis is a bit more complicated than just the hse not feeling the recovering , the hse is broken to begin with and we are 2nd to the us on healthcare spending . 
  if the irish government is spending as much as it is on health and seeing the issue remain as critical as it is there is something wrong with the hse as a government body . 
  it 's the same issues in other non-dublin areas though , it 's the reason why the likes of lowry are getting seats . 
  on behalf of tipperary i 'm sorry lowry was elected . 
  tipperary . 
  property prices are increasing in dublin only because it 's pretty much the only place where the jobs and the recovery can be found . 
  property prices outside dublin are increasing but not by a huge amount . 
  there is n't any new houses being built in any part of ireland i 've been to recently . 
  outside of dublin it 's not great , even in dublin though the amount of homeless families are increasing . 
  there are anti-british racists too though let 's not forget . 
  it 's not really , outside dublin the recovery is non-existent , broadband does n't exist really outside of cities and major towns and electricity goes off on fine days ( we had none for over an hour today ) . 
  let 's not even begin to talk about the water supply in the country side either , we 've had periods of a week where no water was coming out of the taps . 
  public sector wages had to be cut , but they have raised them and whichever government is in for budget 2017 will increase them again . 
  the dole does n't need an increase either , we should be encouraging people to get off it not stay on it . 
  the public sector had to have major reform , frontline staff however are n't the issue and they were the ones most punished by austerity measures . 
  i assume by reform though you mean looking at simplifying the management of the hse , streamlining services and giving the frontline the tools to do the job . 
  do n't forget the tax evaders found in lowry . 
  so by this logic the trends of social networks and basically any modern day technology are fowl too because the majority of older generations see it as such ? 
  i 'm not pardoning the middle east here , people seem to think pointing out the faults of the west is automatically a `` oh you left winger defending those migrants ! '' . 
  gay rights are a fairly recent thing in ireland , unfortunately the middle east has n't developed enough to become as progressive as the west . 
  just because they are n't hanging from cranes either does n't mean the hateful comments they receive do n't do just as much harm mentally . 
  you only have to look at the lgbt youth suicide rates and the challenges they face coming out to see just how homophobic the world is as a whole . 
  never stated that the homophobia from native people in the west is equal to that in the middle east . 
  i 'm well aware of the fact that the middle east has a far bigger problem with this and it stems from their culture and religion . 
  never stated that the homophobia from native people in the west is equal to that in the middle east . 
  i 'm well aware of the fact that the middle east has a far bigger problem with this and it stems from their culture and religion . 
  yes it is and it 's an example of the brainwashing that occurs there but people often ignore that the same is occurring here just under a different name . 
  i did n't attempt to separate the two , just wanted to correct the fact that the homophobic natives are being left out . 
  yes it is and it 's an example of the brainwashing that occurs there but people often ignore that the same is occurring here just under a different name . 
  i did n't attempt to separate the two , just wanted to correct the fact that the homophobic natives are being left out . 
  that is n't relevant to this though . 
  as for `` believing '' , please look at the dawkins scale . 
  you can be `` atheist '' but still agnostic in the sense that you admit science can not yet answer the question on god with absolute certainties . 
  the very definition of atheism though is to have no belief in anything , there is no faith in that because you have no faith to begin with . 
  once you start saying it 's a `` belief '' to not believe in god you are agnostic . 
  the problem here though is being an atheist , people who generally trust the scientific process and yet having a problem with gays despite the countless pieces of evidence proving it 's a natural thing . 
  how can there be too many ? 
  it 's not like people go `` oh that gay group is big , i 'll join too ! '', 
  i do n't see how you can be an atheist who i would imagine would trust the scientific process and yet have a problem with gays . 
  no logical sense i 'm afraid . 
  people also forget that despite our laws there are still many native people in places like the us , ireland , sweden etc. 
  that are just as homophobic . 
  it 's not exclusive to the nations where lgbt rights are not respected unfortunately . 
  charming fundamentalist christian ? 
  you do remember that the west also had and still are being influenced by a common religion that is just as backwards ? 
  neither is the right wing . 
  no it would make a difference , it would make your point in this case correct . 
  assuming every crime is now done by a refugee though is a pointless waste of time for me when you can safely know whoever did it deserves to have justice served to them regardless of their background . 
  do you seriously want them all in the capitals ? 
  if you are so against giving taxpayers money to foreigners you should be on / r/eurosceptics, 
  because these people were refugees of course because they are n't white . 
  really hope this is satire when there is no confirmation they are 1st gen refugees . 
  african backgrounds makes this unlikely . 
  i really doubt that to be honest when there is a large amount of integrated people from a black ethnicity . 
  black v white in europe is not a huge issue really and there is n't really a colour war . 
  before you mention it either being african does n't automatically mean people can spout the `` oh look it was a migrant '' , these kids could be generations down from their family who migrated into europe . 
  if they were current migrants , you 'd be looking more at middle eastern backgrounds . 
  still does n't connect them to the actual migrants and refugees coming in from the middle east . 
  new african migrants are less common at the moment . 
  because these kids were 100 % confirmed to be muslim . 
  because the crime was of course 100 % confirmed to be done by migrants . 
  muh hating on migrants when they did n't even give identity of attackers . 
  let 's ignore the actual issue and shift blame to migrants . 
  because they did n't mention yet that they were migrants . 
  if it was they 'd be all over it . 
  because it was in their interests to instead support pro-russians . 
  it 's quite a simple answer . 
  they wanted to stop a civil war but on their terms , the same is happening in syria . 
  plus people like their coins . 
  i mean who does n't love picking up that cent on the ground and realising if you used it you would n't see it again . 
  ( 1 and 2 cent coins are coming out of circulation here ), 
  in ireland people still use cash for daily shopping if it 's under 150 or so . 
  biggest notes you 'll see are 50s . 
  once you start talking big money though the card will come out . 
  you can rip them off though , you could give them fake money and they could give you a faulty car and then disappear . 
  cash is just as problematic as electronic . 
  i was told once from my business teacher that he knew a person who used a cheque for everything , even if it was only a few euros .
