  not sure how a note is infringing on your happiness , just get 2 200s and 1 100 note and you 're sorted . 
  or you know use a plastic card since if you read those at european then you should be fearing for your life . 
  cyka, 
  never saw a 500 note before in my life . 
  100 is the most i 've seen . 
  yes the eu is definitely heading towards the `` eu army '' that so many in charge seem to be supporting . 
  the biggest opponent to this will have to be the uk but if the vote turns out in favour of leaving i can see the eu army easily happening . 
  although i do n't agree with this stuff either i should have clarified that by foreign policy i mean the decisions in terms of military actions . 
  plus in the case of ireland , it 's not a nato member . 
  the idea that the eu should be the ones pulling the weight just toys with the idea of an even more powerful single state , something members do n't want . 
  the issue is a nato one not an eu one since the eu has no actual military to contribute to begin with and it would be worrying if they did considering it 's supposed to be an union that deals with economic and social issues , not foreign policy . 
  to be honest though the russians have done arguably far more work when it comes to isis than the us too . 
  nato 's only real contribution has been bombing runs which the uk and france have done a fair amount of along with the us . 
  let 's just hope the country does n't go the way of greece in the coming months with the elections . 
  i 'd rather honestly stick with the current devils we know even with water charges and stuff . 
  do you have any stats here to prove that the `` invasion '' is the cause and nothing else ? 
  but those migrants , not integrating , we need to kick them out . 
  look at how corrupt the police are , illuminati are running europe . 
  we 've been invaded , our freedom is gone , i 'm scared now . 
  it 's like people living in ireland when it comes to cities . 
  people who clearly ca n't afford to live in cities still demand it while working people move to outside cities to survive on the money they have . 
  ireland is too far out the way and a far cry economically from the powerhouses of the eu . 
  came to ireland from scotland . 
  plus ireland already has housing issues in places where these people would more than likely demand to live . 
  ireland is plagued with people who refuse to go outside of the cities just to be able to live within their means . 
  does n't have to be taught every year to primary school students as well as being a big chunk of i think 1st or 3rd year history . 
  coming from scotland and having to hear about the famine every single year in primary school really drove me mad . 
  it 's like ireland was the only place that had a famine or something . 
  the refugees probably do n't want to know about it either . 
  in ireland the current refugee crisis has n't really influenced the elections at all . 
  probably because the government is n't needing to take that many in . 
  edit : just realised my post read is rather than is n't . 
  agree with this and definitely the solution to this is getting her to see someone about her issues . 
  even for the space shuttle launches the times would be in gmt . 
  of course now utc is used but they are the same thing anyway . 
  i think what we can gather from this is confirmation of just how bad the polar views are . 
  you have these people who are twats and then on the other side you have people denying we do n't have a problem with jihads and islamists . 
  when did i say it offends me ? 
  it 's just the usual bullshit that the media spin for the government as they close trauma units and cut down public spending . 
  key areas of the public sector are under funded and the workers in those areas are not respected at all by the public . 
   some of those jobs are among the cushiest around in an already bloated and inefficient public sector . 
  i 'm done . 
  take a hike buddy . 
  yes and i 'm the queen . 
  on the internet touting your qualifications means nothing when you ca n't back up anything you say . 
  please go educate yourself on the issue before getting stupid . 
  even 2014 's growth was larger than expected and it was down to the growth outside of multinationals moving . 
  you ca n't say there would n't be a significant amount of growth in the economy without multinationals when we all know there is . 
  the problem is though that neither sources of growth are actually felt by the average worker . 
  mostly yes but there is still a large amount of growth coming from the bounce back . 
  it 's a combination of both , if the assets being moved here was n't happening there would still be a large amount of `` growth '' recorded . 
  i 'm sorry but what ? 
  you 're saying all the nurses , gardai , teachers , doctors , firefighters , social workers etc. 
  did n't `` bother '' with education ? 
  what ? 
  it 's not just the people who used to work in the construction industry that were hurt badly and have yet to see this `` recovery '' that currently see little to no benefit from this economic `` growth '' . 
  i 'm not saying increase the corporation tax i 'm saying companies should actually pay the tax properly . 
  we 're not getting anywhere close to 12.5 % from the googles and apples of the world . 
  stop trying to defend the trickle down economics method which has failed time and time again . 
  if you love extreme capitalism go to america . 
  i know you 'd at least expect this person who thinks so highly of their `` facts '' to at least back it up . 
  leaving the single market does n't stop it . 
  these companies are escaping from american taxes , america is n't in the single market . 
  the problem is tax loopholes in law . 
  if countries like ireland got even 5-8 % instead of the less than 1 % in some cases we 'd have a lot more cash . 
  same goes for every other country in the west . 
  the only problem is no government is willing to ask companies for more than just chump change . 
  irish people and many , many people put an emphasis on ensuring everyone gets healthcare , education and a fair wage . 
  someone working minimum wage unable to afford healthcare should not go untreated . 
  the way to do this ? 
  tax the companies and the rich . 
  the irish economy is booming now if you read the article you 'd know and the fact you have a `` degree '' in economics means i should n't have to point to the obvious economic markers a junior cert business student would know about ... 
  the economy is booming because companies are paying hardly anything in tax ( again you should know this ) . 
  the solution to inequality , healthcare crisis , homelessness etc. ? 
  actually tax them for what they are supposed to be taxed for . 
  we do n't need multinational owners to live here because we have the companies they own pumping millions upon millions of euro through the country and we 're getting chump change out of it . 
  so oh bright one where is the money hmmm ? 
  where is it because it is certainly not with the working class i and millions upon millions of people will tell you . 
  if you had a degree in economics you 'd know the current situation is a disgrace . 
  companies are hoarding higher and higher profits for their shareholders while staff see hardly anything from this recovery . 
  i 'm sorry but how do you make a leap from a country setting it 's own tax system to `` oh it 's the eu 's fault !, 
  ireland set and control their own tax regime and everything is within the rules , do n't hate the player hate the game . 
  you seriously believe the irish government are releasing figures to stop the public from wanting to leave the eu when one of the biggest industries in ireland practically lives off of eu money and everyone knows it ? 
  yes and the corporation tax is set by government so really ireland did do this . 
  it 's beaten the us and other countries like the uk at their own game . 
  the growth in the economy is basically the economy stabilising it 's self after years of hard austerity that the average worker is still enduring . 
  ireland fell off the cliff when it took the bailout and was put under eu and imf control , these figures are the economy finally bouncing back and they 'll plateau out to more normal levels now over the coming quarters . 
  it 's true , the average working class person could see the benefits of the celtic tiger in their income levels and quality of life . 
  what we have now is ridiculous growth that benefits none of that class of people . 
  have you been to a hse ran service recently ? 
  have you seen the size of classes in schools ? 
  have you seen the lack of gardai on the streets ? 
  have you even looked at the statistics of increasing homelessness and lack of housing ? 
  calling it a conspiracy is a ludicrous claim to make . 
  well i 'm going into university and having to stay at home in order to accumulate as little debt as possible . 
  my mum 's wages ( nurse ) have n't really gone up at all ( gross pay went up slightly but with the taxes you do n't see the increase really at all ) . 
  so no not feeling it at all really . 
  why not have social democracy ? 
  you know a mix of both capitalism and socialism ? 
  nobody on the left is saying we should all be the new soviet union .
