[ no problem . 
  ] ( http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/t_original/f04q3s3glmcjaprw1vdz.jpg ), 
  we are also housing belgian prisoners . 
  [ go netherlands !, 
  thank you , did not realize that it had already been posted . 
  the video of the speech : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcgcbhnckyi, 
  full speech : mr. president , we are here to discuss a tragedy : the downing of a commercial airliner and the death of 298 innocent people . 
  men , women and a staggering number of children lost their lives , on their way to their holiday destinations , their homes , loved ones , their jobs or international obligations . 
  how hon ` ible must have been the final moments of their lives , when they knew the plane was going down . 
  did they lock hands with their loved ones , did they hold their children close to their hearts , did they look each other in the eyes , one final time , in an unarticulated goodbye ? 
  we will never know . 
  the demise of almost 200 of my compatriots has left a hole in the heart of the dutch nation , has caused grief , anger and despair . 
  grief for the loss of loved ones , anger for the outrage of the downing of a civilian airplane and despair after witnessing the excruciatingly slow process of securing the crash site and recovering the remains of the victims . 
  it is fitting that this august council should take position on this matter and i welcome the adoption of today 's resolution of the unsc , which was tabled by australia and which the netherlands co-sponsored . 
  i thank the countries which expressed support for it . 
  mr. president , for the netherlands , one priority clearly stands out above all others : bring the victims ' remains home . 
  it is a matter of human decency that remains should be treated with respect and that recovering victim 's remains should be done without any delay . 
  the last couple of days we have received very disturbing reports of bodies being moved about and looted for their possessions . 
  it must be unbearable first to lose your husband and then to have to fear that some thug might steal his wedding ring from his remains . 
  to my dying day i will not understand that it took so much time for the rescue workers to be allowed to do their difficult jobs and that human remains should be used in a political game . 
  i hope the world will not have to witness this again , any time in the future . 
  images of children 's toys being tossed around , luggage being opened or passports being shown , are turning our grief and mourning into anger . 
  we demand unimpeded access to the terrain . 
  we demand respectful treatment of the crash site . 
  we demand dignity for the victims and the multitudes who mourn their loss . 
  i call on the international community , on the security council , on anyone with influence on the situation on the ground : allow us to bring the victims ' remains home to their loved ones without any further delay . 
  as we are currently taking the lead in the forensic examination of the human remains , i pledge that the netherlands will do its utmost to make sure that all remains will be identified and returned home , where ever that home may be . 
  we will work intensively with all countries and international organizations involved to make this happen . 
  mr. president , i also welcome the setting up of a proper investigation into the cause of the tragedy of mh17 , as envisaged in today 's resolution . 
  the netherlands has agreed to assume a leading role in such an investigation , in close cooperation with the relevant countries , the united nations and icao . 
  i am fully aware of the great responsibility we now take upon ourselves and i give you my personal commitment that we will discharge this responsibility to the best of our abilities . 
  once the investigation ascertains who was responsible for the downing of the flight mh17 , accountability and justice must be pursued and delivered . 
  we owe that to the victims , to justice , to humanity . 
  i call on all relevant countries to provide full cooperation . 
  my country will not rest until all facts are known and justice is served . 
  i thank you , mr. president . 
  the word is really difficult to translate . 
  it \u00b4 s really abstract but used a lot in the dutch language . 
  ( and wit a lot i really mean a lot , this word is the number one response to describe a pleasant day with other people . ), 
  the [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gezelligheid ) explains it ( sort of ) . 
  to be honest , due to what happened , getting called assholes is probably not even that bad . 
  and the crazy thing is , is that is only 2 % of the money owned . 
  there is no economie because people have no money to spend . 
  the greeks are in a infinite cycle of getting fucked over . 
  on the other side , the netherlands loaned ~ 4 % of its gdp to greece , that is about 3x more than the dutch spend on defence . 
  so they ca n't just write that off ... 
  i am sorry ... this entire situation is just fucked up, 
  [ link to article . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-24519520 ), 
  we could sent them some paint . 
  the dutch know how good the polish can paint . 
  ( most of the people painting houses in the netherlands are polish . ), 
  and medical conpanies that have the equitment to produce these injections refuse to produce it . 
  no medical companie wants to produce a drug designed to kill . 
  yea he was only 1.8 meters tiny basterd . 
  [ wait so this is not how you travel ? 
  i would think that in the nordic countries that might be a problem due to the masive amount of snow . 
  i think the reason that a door opens inwards for houses is so that when you go outside you do n't hit a person with the door when he is walking by your house . 
  atleast in the netherlands . 
  i checked again , and no he did not . 
  i must have made a mistake . 
  i have edited the map accordingly . 
  i made a map , with all the places he been to , it is still a lot of places . 
  but yea it is only a small portion of europe . 
  high-five brother !, 
  yea !, 
  what are all the free stuff we can get !, 
  well it did take you rougly 600 days ones to form a government . 
  maby they skipped your election because they did not want to wait 2 years . 
  yea . 
  so what if we build a wall around / r/europe to keep the american out . 
  we can make / r/murica pay for it . 
  no you are not . 
  your in america , and your are also a trump supporter . 
  the trump supporter from virginia that has never been to europe calls me out of touch with reality . 
  careful , you might cut yourself on that edge . 
  the buying of weed is illegal for shops and the shops ca n't have more than 500 gram in there shop . 
  so the weed come 's from illegal growth stations that get found by police about 10 % of the time 's . 
  lots of problems with certain tourists . 
  especially from cities located near the borders . 
  there has been a massive problem with non-dutch people . 
  and lot 's of people just do n't give a shit about weed . 
  from the people between 15 and 65 only 24.3 % has ever smoked weed in there live . 
  and 4.6 % had smokes in the last month . 
  3 strikes total in france , germany and poland . 
  racists , idiots ?!, 
  :( that hurts dude ... 
  not today ... today ( 5th of may ) we celebrate that we got rid of them 72 years ago . 
  no you do n't . 
  i voted today ... 
  stamp ? 
  what are you talking about, 
  and you can switch voting location by sending a letter ( 12 days in advance ) or request it in person ( max 12 hours prior to voting ) . 
  til a new word . 
  thanks / u/roxnaron _ morthalor ^ < 3, 
  i just read up on it , friday and saturday are the sabbat , sunday is not duable for the ortodox christians . 
  and on wednesdays all elementary schools close at 12 . and because lots of voting boots are in public places such as elementary schools , this is the best possibility . 
  there are more than 10.000 places to vote . 
  like one voting location for every 1000 / 2000 people . 
  they are open from 7.30 to 21:00 ( some opened at 00.00 like those on big train-stations etc. ),
