  to make it more clear to you : greece falsified data to enter the ez , and that screwed them up later on , in 2010 the imf and the other ez countries offered to help , in exchange for financial monitoring . 
  until that point everything is good and fair , greeks need to pay for their fault and the eu does n't leave a country-member alone at a difficult time ( in reality we know that if they let greece go bankrupt the whole ez whould have colapsed at the time ) the problem starts when the austerity measures do n't show the expected results , greek economy instead of recovering , died almost completely . 
  huge unemployment rates ( 28 % ) , 25 % reduced gdp , etc. 
  so greece instead of completing the programme in 2012 , needed extra help , so they continue with another one , and eventhough the imf predicted the greek economy to gradualy recover from 2013 , the first time greece had any primary surplus was 2014 and it was less than 1 % . 
  of gdp . 
  six months ago the greeks decided that enough is enough and they ca n't continue the same way for 5 years without any real result , that 's why they voted for syriza , to end the austerity . 
  now from february 2015 the eurogroup knew that the debt was unsustainable and that 's why varoufakis wanted a debt relief , but the other finance ministers rejected it . 
  the review clearly says that the debt is unsustainable and needs to be reduced , but a lot of finance ministers hid the truth just to force greece to a dead end , and force the current govt to resign . 
  i really like your ` wors case scenario ' much more . 
   as for the exit from the eurozone . . there are no rules for that i know that and that 's why i used the word ` force ' , but i was under the impression that if greece runs out of cash then they will declare bankrupsy and return to drachma , because they just wo n't have any more money . 
  yes and that 's not acceptable , especialy two days before a referendum . 
  schauble , a couple of days ago said that all these months greece did n't make a single proposal , which is just a lie.they want to degrade the greek government as much as possible , so the greeks wo n't believe them and vote for ` yes ' . 
  i agree . 
  that 's politics everyone must come out as a winner at the end . 
  although , i believe that a ` yes ' vote is not that vague , you know what has happened here the last 5 years and you know what probably will happen the next one if the govt impliment the measures , it 's just the ` no ' that no one realy knows what will happen . 
  i said what i think is more probable , although i realy hope that the new measures wo n't have any pension cuts or vat increases . 
  do you really believe it is ok for one of the highest ranked eu leaders to say that a democraticaly elected government must fall , so they will have technocrats and sign a new bailout ? 
  what whould you say if tsipras said that merkel should resign ? 
  you would call him a psycho fascist too . 
  first of all i just said what i think , a realistic best case scenario will be , i could be wrong , and most likely i will . 
  but let 's think about the other 18 countries for a bit . 
  for 5 years their media bombarded them with ` reports ' from greece that tell how lazy and corrupt the greeks are . 
  many parties supported that stance and maybe even got elected saying that they will not let the greeks get more money from their voters . 
  with that in mind i think its imposible for them to just let greece take the debt relief and not impliment austerity measures . 
  lastly , the referendum asks if the current deal should be accepted , so technicaly if you add the debt relief clause it will be a better deal and tsipras can say that the referendum was a succes for the greek people . 
  i judge from past experience , obviously i could be wrong , but literaly every past election there are centain survey companies that service new democracy with fake surveys , it 's not the first time it hapens and it will not be the last . 
  i do n't think there will be a lot of changes from the last proposal ( just the debt relief ) , although i would like to . 
  i ca n't see how other finance ministers that were saying that the debt was sustaibable can sell that to their voters and also have greece take less austerity measures . 
  yes . 
  and probably they would have voted that way , given that the voters of new democracy and pasok ( the parties that were in charge for the last 40 years ) are mainly older than 40 y.o. 
  that 's why they excluded them from the voting process the last time . 
  i believe that this is real , but today 's polls were n't showing the 5-10 point margin that they wanted . 
  does that mean that the ` no ' is so much higher , that the survey companies could n't risk loosing their credibility ( not that they have any left ) or they just decided to publish the real results to show how close the voting is ? 
  best case scenario : the greek government gets the same deal ( maybe with some changes here and there ) and some debt relief ( with the latest imf report that scenario is the most probable in my opinion ) . 
  worst case scenario : the other ez members do n't back down on their demands and force greece to leave the ez . 
  no , i do n't think we have international observers , at least not in the polling places . 
  during the counting of the votes there are only the election committee and the legal agent , often in big polling places there are also representatives from the parties , but that 's not mandatory of course . 
  the whole procedure is fairly easy because six months ago we had national elections . 
  so they just have to print the ballots and distribute them accros the country . 
  everything else will be the same as six months ago , same voting centers , same electorate ( with the adition of 200.000 18 year olds , who were excluded for no reason from the last elections ) , even the people of the election committee will be the same . 
  i do n't understand what you mean by national and international observers so i ca n't answer to that question . 
  varoufakis had an interview a couple of hours ago on tv and said that they were willing to accept the last eu proposal which they know will cause more resecion , but only if it is followed by a debt relief , that 's what the other ministers did n't accept and that was the main problem in the negotiations from day one.he said that another round of harsh austerity measures without a debt relief is an unsustainable solution that will only postpone the problem and in some time there will be rummors about grexit again . 
   forming a new majority in the greek parliament there will be no majority in the current greek parliament without syriza ( they have 149/300 seats ) . 
  the only way for tsipras to resign is if the greeks vote for yes in the referendum and he is forced to go to elections , although right now i ca n't see any other party winning them . 
  just read the articles about the hospitals and the real estate tax ( this tax is one of the main reasons the former government failed to get re-elected ) on step 8 , the guy has done a good job portraying the austerity measures that have been implimented here , especialy after 2013 , where the wikipedia page stops . 
  as he already said some of the most absurd measures are the quadruplication of the real estate tax , the firing of 15.000 people in 1 night with the sudden closing of our national television and the cost reduction on every public service without any planing just to reach some goals that the troika had put . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis_countermeasures ) is the wikipedia page or the greek debt crisis and [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3bme98/how_to_destroy_a_country_in_10_stepsputting_some/ ) is a post from earlier today that even though it consists mainly on speculation and connspiracy theories ( that most people wo n't believe espacialy if they are not from greece ) , has some good citations espacialy on step 8 . where you can read about some of the most harsh and obsurd austerity measures that were taken here . 
  [ i think this one is prety accurate ] ( https://scontent-fra3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfp1/v/t1.0-9/11667484_10204381222587056_45848757607890098_n.jpg?oh=75ff0bbb6694c818120b266b78d3d3bf&amp;oe=562992d8 ), 
  from the start of the negotiations the main deference between the two sides was that the greeks waanted a debt relief but the other members rejected it.if the latest proposal has a commitment to work on a debt relief , then i see no point in rejecting it and in my opinion the gamble from the greek side whould have paid off . 
   greece currently pays 3-4 % of gdp to service debt , same as germany . 
  i 'm not an expert tn economics , but yesterday even juncker said that there were talks about a debt reliefe for greece . . also almost every economist i have listen to agrees that the debt is unsustainable right now , and needs restructuring . 
   without future support you will lose even more . 
  we will lose more no matter what.if we continue with another programme we will have to take more austerity measures.the eu plan for greece is to reduce the wages to the current state of our neighbouring countries ( avg wage ~ 400-500 $ ) , so our economy will be competitive again . 
  i do n't believe that 's the right way to go and neither does the current government.those `` best european practices '' have n't worked here and that 's a fact , like it or not . 
  if by modernizing our economy we have to suffer millions of unemployed people and thousands of suicides , for 6 years already and you see no harm on that , then i do n't think there is any common ground between the two perspectives . 
  http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=poland&amp;country2=greece&amp;city1=warsaw&amp;city2=athens yeah just the rents though.everything else is between 30-60 % higher , while our purchasing power is 28 % lower than yours , at least between athens and warsaw . 
   greece pays less than germany for debt that is stretched out for 50 years . 
  you got very generous terms . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  our debt is 170 % of gdp , germany 's is just 75 % . the second higher debt behind the greek one is italy 's which is 130 % . 
   if you want to stay in the euro , make these cuts we have lost 30 % of our purchasing power maybe even more , while the prices have n't dropped one bit.what more do you want ? 
  the greek people just ca n't take more cuts at the current situation . 
   we gave you a lot of money , and a lot of support it 's not like you did it because you loved us and wanted to save us.you were forced to do it because back then you knew that if you let greece go , the whole eurozone whould have been destroyed . 
  i imagine something like that to happen in every eurogroup that varoufakis attended between him and sch\u00e4uble :p, 
  i know , not only in poland but in many more countries in the balcans and the baltics . 
  the problem is that the cost of living here is not like in poland it 's more like in spain.yesterday there was a post about the difference between the greek and the romanian costs of living and the greek was like 40 % higher.that 's why it ca n't happen . 
  i already said that a haircut whould be difficult , but a restructuring is inevitable , like it or not greece wo n't repay its debt at its current state no matter what , because it 's simply unsustainable . 
  what you do n't understand is that right now the only other solution is to default on every debt ( today we will most likely not pay the imf 1.8 bn euros ) , and return to drachma.those billions that the eu members have lend us would be lost and we wo n't repay not even a part of them.even if we are the lazy , corrupt , high income scrubs you descibed , if you want even a part of your money back you have to give us some space to breath . 
   new government leads to new austerity measures what makes you believe that syriza will lose the elections?it has a solid lead ~ 10 % right now.i ca n't see any other party that can win and with the +50 bonus on the first party its imposible for the second to form a government without the first.don ' t forget that we live in a country that people voted for syriza and at the same time thought the most suitable prime minister was samaras ... 
  that 's not very democratic i think ... good or bad that 's the government that the greeks chose , they have to work with them even if they do n't like them , i thought that was obvious.also why they trusted the former governments ( who have failed horribly btw ) , maybe because they were in the same european party?i do n't know , maybe i am too naive to understand european politics ... 
  ok first things first obviously i know what happened in my country for 40 + years , even though i was not a part of it and you are completely right with everything you said . 
  that 's where i start to disagree.the time to pay came in 2009 when we started the first programme.almost 6 years after and the reforms that were impemented until now have n't paid off.what do you think is the logical thing to do?continue down the same road?until when?there has already been a huge drop in our living standards.if it was 2009 or even 2012 i would have agreed with you , but now i do n't see any point in continuing the same way until the avg pension is 300 $ and the avg wage 500 $ . 
  i 'm simly saying that when somethin is not workin you should change it.there were clear indications even at 2012 or 2013 that the `` recipe '' they were using was not working and instead of changing it for the better interests of both sides they continued down the same path.this kind of intolerance is that i do n't accept . 
  my god that 's just one side of the story.i do n't know who is lying but surely someone is.the greek side said that they were given an ultimatum and that 's why they came to the decision of the referendum in the first place.it makes no sense to just leave after 5 months of negotiations and anounce a referendum if there is still room for negotiations.let me remind you that juncker just some hours ago remembered that there was a new proposal from the troika , that was not discused in the last eurogroup and that there were talks about the debt restructuring even though every single one of the finance ministers said again and again that there were no talks for a restructuring right now and it would be a part of the next programme.so why should i believe juncker and not tsipras?also there is no mechanism right now to force us out of the ez so it 's just a guess ( and a threat from the ez members part ) that we must leave the eu to leave euro . 
  are you implying that the only way for a country to follow its own policy is by leaving the eu ? 
  i talked about the imf specifically and not the eu as a whole ... until 2009 the imf had nothing to do with eu politics . 
  then why they care so much for greece?it 's obvious that the greek government does n't want them.why do n't they just leave their money and go?actualy i have a kind of similar question for a long time now ... why they do n't just let us create a programme with greek economists that know the situation rather than force us to follow their programme that does n't work here?and if it fails then we will return to the former situation ... why is it so difficult for them to make changes to their recipe if they see something is not working ? 
  then do n't lend me !, 
  2 years after the first programe , when it was first projected for us to return to the markets ( i hope that 's a legit term in english ) , they saw that it did n't work and continued lending us more and more money even though they knew that we were not able to return them no matter what hard austerity measures we implemented , they continued to make wrong projections and demanded more measures just to continue to lend us money and repay them with the same exact money that they lend us.that 's their logic i live it first hand for the last 5 years and it not a pleasant feeling . 
  we are talking about people 's lives here , you ca n't be indifferent when you know that you will force people to lose their jobs , their houses , even suicide ... i know i sound harsh and maybe you ca n't understand what has happend the last 5 years in greece but if i was them and i saw that what i am proposing will cause thousands of people to die , litterally and figuratively , then i would rethink my approach.obviously it 's not completely their fault and actually they were invited to `` help '' us by our government and i can see that their methods had possitive results in other countries , but here they failed hard from day one and they did n't even bother to say sorry about their mistakes . 
  yes , you are right.when i first made this comment the greek proposal for a 2 week extension so the greek people would decide what to vote was still on the table and i thought it would be accepted by the eurogroup , because ... you know democracy and stuff , but i was wrong ... 
  even the latest greek proposal whould be ok by me if it was accompanied with a debt restructuring ( a haircut would be ideal , but i know it is difficult ) and guaranteed money from the juncker investment package , which he says are about 35 bn euros in 2015-2016 . 
  of course not !, 
  at least not the people of europe , maybe some politicians but i can understand that they do what they think is best for their countries.on the other hand i see the imf as enemies because they have proven that they do n't care for the greek people and the only thing that matters to them is to get their money back . 
  nai you are right !, 
  changed it.thank you !, 
  maybe get better terms under a national unity coalition hahaha politics in greece do n't work that way!i am sure you are used to less corrupt governments in germany , but believe me the parties who will form this coalition are the same that destroyed the country for 40 years , and then tried to `` save '' us for 5 more years with wage cuts and tax increases and not a single reform on tax evasion to the greek oligarchs that have n't paid any taxes for years . 
  if the result will be yes then we will go to national elections and the most probable scenario is that syriza will win again , i know this sound obsurd but the latest polls are giving a 20 % lead over the right wing 2nd party and i ca n't see how the greeks would want them to return . 
  i am greek so i have a saying in this and i will vote ` no ' . i had a similar conversation yesterday so i will just copy paste my answer again here : right now we are facing a lose-lose situation , if we vote yes then we will complete the current programme and continue with a new one for the next couple of years with even more austerity and then we will be in the same situation as we are right now because this kind of `` medicine '' is not working , if we vote no we will most likely return to drachma and the whole situation will be even more difficult but at least we will have a goal , the government will start legislating ( in 6 months they have passed maybe 2-3 bills because everything else was considered a unilateral decision ) and maybe in 10-15 years we will be in a better situation.so the main problem with voting yes is that in reallity it does n't solve anything ... it 's not like by making more sucrifices now we will win something in the long run , it 's more like we will still be in life support for 2 to 3 more years and hope for a miracle that has n't happened in the first 5 . 
  that 's the best translation i can give : should the plan for agreement , that was proposed by the european commision , the ecb and the imf to the eurogroup on 25.6.2015 , that consists two parts that form their combined suggestion be accepted ? 
  the first document 's title is `` reforms for the completion of the current programme and beyond '' and the second `` preliminary debt sustainability analysis '' . 
  although i can agree with you , that the negotiation strategy from the greek side was agressive and at the end it did n't pay off , it 's not that the other ez members and the imf were ready to compromise either.even when the greek government proposed austerity measures a week ago and everyone said it was a good `` base for an agreement '' , a day after the troika came with more demands that knew the other side could n't accept , and even if they accepted them , the bill would n't have passed from the greek parliament beause the majority is anti-austerity . 
  p.s.i completely agree with the second part of your post . 
  tbh i am not familiar with the situation in romania , but maybe if you extend that 4-year fake situation into a 40 year one you will come close to what was happening here.another huge problem is that the prices here are like the rest of ez but the wages are nowhere near what other ez citizens make.in other countries ( i guess romania is one of them ) people can live with low wages because the prices are also lower than the rest of ez but here a family has to spend around 100 $ per week for groceries , ~ 500 $ for rent and with the other expenses , plus the unemployment , it 's just unsustainable.nobady can predict what a negative answer to referendum will cause to ez and greece but right now we are a zombie state inside the ez with no glimmer of hope ahead of us ... 
  25 % cut in salaries for all state employees , all bonuses cut ( this meant ~ 40 % reduction actually ) and vat raised 19-24 . 
  it was exactly the same in greece.in the last 5 years , minimun wage has droped from 751 $ to 586 $ , the avg salary from ~ 18.000 $ to ~ 9.300 $ . also the unemployment rate here is around 25 % and 55 % for young people . 
  the first party ( pasok ) in 2009 elections , which was elected with more than 40 % back then now is around 4 % . so it 's not like they went soft on us.that 's the reason syriza was elected.it was a desperate decision from desperate people who do n't have much to lose.noone believed that they will do everything they prommised ( not even 1/3 of them ) but the corrupted parties that were governing the country for so many years just coud n't continue.it 's not a political or an ideological decision it 's a desperate decision . 
  leaving the ez does n't automaticaly mean we will also leave the eu . i am pretty sure tsipras doe n't want to leave the eu.i do n't know what kind of reforms `` the institutions '' proposed in other countries but in greece they were mainly paycuts and increased taxes to the low and middle class.even in the latest greek proposal ( that was rejected ) the government tried to raise the taxes for high income citizens and big companies but the `` institutions '' thought that measure was `` deflating '' and counterproposed increased vat on hotel bookings ... only time will tell if the government really wants to reform but for now even if they wanted they could n't . 
  as a greek let me explain my thought process.right now we are facing a lose-lose situation , if we vote yes then we will complete the current programme and continue with a new one for the next couple of years with even more austerity and then we will be in the same situation as we are right now because this kind of `` medicine '' is not working , if we vote no we will most likely return to drachma and the whole situation will be even more difficult but at least we will have a goal , the government will start legislating ( in 6 months they have passed maybe 2-3 bills because everything else was considered a unilateral decision ) and maybe in 10-15 years we will be in a better situation.so the main problem with voting yes is that in reallity it does n't solve anything ... it 's not like by making more sucrifices now we will win something in the long run , it 's more like we will still be in life support for 2 to 3 more years and hope for a miracle that has n't happened in the first 5 . 
  referendrums are the most direct form of democrasy you can get ... it does n't get more democratic than that i assure you ( that 's why they are fairly rare ) . when you say you were not called to vote i guess you mean you were too young to vote , in that case think about your future.your question sould n't be if the referendrum is democratic because it obliously is , your real question must be what your answer should be.are you willing to risk almost everything for a ( small ) chance for a better long term future or are you satisfied with the current situation but with even more austerity measures ?
