did anyone said it 's euro 's fault ? 
  it 's just a good example of corruption within the greek society and also shows what the government did to stop it . 
  ( yes , you guessed it right . 
  nothing . ), 
  why you 're trying to prove something you do n't know ? 
  you are not greek and you were n't here when the transition happened . 
  the guy you are arguing with is greek and has first hand knowledge of what was happening here . 
  i can also confirm that he is telling the truth . 
  i can only imagine how weird it seems to an outsider , but why do you think everyone tells that the governments were corrupt and the people benefited from that ? 
  things like these happened here before the troika and still happen ( maybe to a lesser extend ) . 
  you should keep in mind that the traditional parties ( center - right n.d. and center-left pasok ) , are not even considered suitable for governing anymore here , not because they followed e.u. 
  instuctions religiously but because almost every one of their members is corrupt and/or incapable of implimenting the reforms needed to change the country . 
   we only have 30 % the value of your salaries . 
  there is no way that is true . 
  i agree that your salaries are lower than ours but for like 20 % not 70 % , maybe that was true before the crisis . 
  also [ here ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=poland&amp;country2=greece ) is the site you are reffering to , as you can see the prices here are considerably higher ( except rents ) , and the local purchasing power is 10 % lower , but really there is no reason to argue with you about who is poorer ... even if you are right and you still pay more than us , our economy will continue to shrink with the new bailout and the austerity measures ( vat increase , pension cuts etc ) so wait a couple of years and there will be not even a debate about who is poorer !, 
  i 've had the same conversation with another guy from romania , the difference is that in greece the prices are a lot higher than romania so it 's almost imposible for anyone to live with that salary here ... to give you a perspective every week i go to the supermarket for my family 's ( 3 members ) weekly needs and spend around 100 euros . 
  when i was leaving alone i spent around 30-40 euros per week on groceries . 
  that leaves me ~ 150 for everything else including rent , bills etc. 
  it 's imposible for someone in my age ( 23 ) to live alone in greece , unless he has a family with steady income who can provide for him . 
  no one in greece takes 13 and 14 salaries right now , they were cut from 2011-12 i think . 
  to give you an example most of my working friends ( ~ 23 y.o. ), 
  get around 300 euros per month for part time jobs , because these are the only jobs available right now . 
  our social system is a mess , as the op already said the pensioners must wait more than a year before they take their pensions , sometimes even 2 + years . 
  maybe you are a bit missinformed but the situation right now in greece is not much better than in czech republic . 
  for example avg wage in your country is around 800 euros and here is ~ 1000 as of 2014 maybe now it 's even lower . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i am sure that syriza was [ ` freeing ' imigrants from amigdaleza at march ] ( http://en.protothema.gr/amygdaleza-busloads-of-freedom-let-loose-in-downtown-athens-photos/ ) , but i have n't heard any news as of late . 
  i thought they would have closed it by now but i ca n't find any source right now . 
  when syriza won the elections they closed this facility and let them go wherever they wanted . 
  thanks , i really hope and want to return the favor :p . one more question , right now the greek media say that the finnish finance minister is ready to veto the bailout because his government is on the verge of collapse . 
  is it true or are the media overreacting ? 
   those who pay dont have any real way to effect what their money is used on or on the laws of the nation that is getting it . 
  actually it is exactly the opposite , you lend us money and in return we do whatever reform you want . 
  and also you know that the money you lend us will go to the recapitalisation of the banks and repaying former loans , maybe 5-10 % will go to the real economy . 
  other than that i ca n't disagree with you , being part of a monetary union unfortunately means that you have to pay for the fuck ups of others or else you go down with them . 
  and by others i do n't mean the greek people who btw do n't have a good time either , to put it mildly . 
  capital controls were the best thing to do , they should have done that from the day they were elected . 
  there was a slow bank run for almost half a year before they finaly use capital controls to stop it and it was already too late . 
  we would n't need the ecb to increase the ela twice every week if we had capital controls from the start and at least we would n't need that much money now . 
  i know that sucks , but the hard truth is that right now greece ca n't pay wages and pensions and also repay the debt . 
  if it makes any difference to you , think that the money you gave us went to the banks and other debt repayments and most certainly not the greek people , also your government agreed to lend these money , we did n't steal them . 
  unfortunately nationalist and anti-eu parties gain popularity all around europe ( see le pen and farage ) , but that 's not only grece 's fault . 
  today is greece tomorow will be spain or italy . 
  they are against the whole idea of the ez . 
  also there is a chance ( imo bigger than before ) that this bailout will be succesfull and there will be no need for further assistance . 
   set their country back years , and almost led to total blow-up of their economy i think you are a bit too harsh . 
  the economy was already dead before they took charge and the whole situation was like a ticking bomb ready to explode with the new austerity measures and the new bailout programme just around the corner . 
  i still believe they will be better at governing than their predecessors , you ca n't imagine how corrupt and incompetent the former governments were . 
  another important thing to keep in mind is that the greek political scene is like nothing else in europe ( i say this as a really bad thing ) . 
  the traditional parties , the right wing new democracy and the center-left pasok are completely incapable of doing anything good for the country , they have shown that for the past 40 years . 
  so that leaves us with extremely limited choices : syriza ( radical left ) , kke ( comunists ) , golden dawn ( neo-nazists ) , potami ( a new center-left party from a former journalist ) and anel ( nationalist party , conststs mainly from former n.d. members ) . 
  so what better choice do you think we have ? 
  at least syriza does n't work for the same oligarchs that run the country and has an actual chance to fight corruption and tax evasion . 
  if they fail to do so , then i predict golden dawn to win the next elections and if you think think these people are idiots i ca n't imagine what you will think about them . 
  the capital controls do n't affect foreign banks , you can use your credit card without any problem here , if that was your concern . 
  they did n't have any experience in governing a country or negotiating at the highest level . 
  if you follow the greek political scene closely you could tell from day one that if syriza did n't get the deal they wanted they would call a referendum , there were reports about that from very early on . 
  tsipras probably thought that the fear of a potential grexit was enough for the creditors to back down , but as we all saw that was not the case and they did n't have anything else to do rather than accept the previous terms . 
  it was a gamble that did n't pay off , i do n't think syriza ever really thought of actually exiting the ez , that would have been a complete suicide without proper preparation , it was just their only real weapon to push for a better deal , maybe 4 years ago it could have worked , but now the other members were already prepared for that scenario . 
  syriza is heavily in favor of cutting the millitary spending , but the other member of the coalition government is a right wing party ( anel ) that vetoed further cuts , also their leader p. kammenos is the minister of defence . 
  you do n't know the situation in greece . 
  the media owners are the same oligarchs that do n't pay taxes and have under the table deals with the former governmets to fund their campaigns . 
  also they have never payed for their broadcasting license and are actualy broadcasting illegally . 
  unfortunately you are wrong . 
  they even used [ this picture ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/41/b2/dc/41b2dc1a15f2f1f49388a77cb70a2220.jpg ) , which was from south africa , for a report to make a point for how dangerous it is for the old people to go to the atms . 
  they also broke a law that states that the last day before the referendum the tv chanels must not have political conversations . 
  ekas is given to the lowest pensions ( below 700 euros ) , so even the top 20 % is people with low income . 
   no ones fault but greeces almost true , it 's mostly greece 's fault , but there is not only the corrupt but also the corruptor , in this case some financial credit companies , banks and multibillion corporations like siemens , it 's not like they did n't profit from the whole situation in greece . 
  an economic situation where the cost of debt maintenance is so great that incoming revenues are not sufficient to continue servicing the debt and sustain essential costs of living , or in the case of a nation , to sustain essential services . 
  so by that deffinition it 's a choice between essential services and servicing the debt , so unless you suggest that the greek govt should stop paying wages and pensions and let its people die of starvation , just to pay its debt , the only way to get a part of the money back is with some kind of debt relief . 
   not to undo everything the previous government did the previous governments left 28 % total and 50 % youth unemployment , 30 % wage and pension reductions , 2 mil people under the poverty line , hundrends of closed shops , hundrends of suicides , and more ...  even if they could not pass law to tax the rich , that would be even worse , it means greece can not be governed , even by a party with large public support . 
  finaly we agree on something !, 
  that 's exactly what is happening and we want it to stop . 
  we want to make our own decision for once . 
  thanks for your help , much appreciated but thats enough . 
  are you serious ??? 
  you read only the first part of the sentence ... 
  it says ** and unilateral changes ** . 
  believe me i leave in greece and i know what the govt could and could n't do . 
  i can link you a lot of articles that say that the greek side proposed increased taxes to the rich and a wealth tax , but as a part of the negotiations . 
  they could n't implement those reform until the whole package would be agreed . 
  the greek authorities commit to refrain from any rollback of measures and unilateral changes to the policies and structural reforms that would negatively impact fiscal targets , economic recovery or financial stability , as assessed by the institutions . 
  you can read the whole statement [ here ] ( http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press-releases/2015/02/150220-eurogroup-statement-greece/ ) [ here ] ( http://www.pappaspost.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/image1.png ) is a letter from tsipras that says they are prepared to accept the agreement and [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jul/02/imf-greece-needs-extra-50bn-euros ) is what the latest report from the imf says about the greek debt . 
   i think in all likelihood that greece will leave the ez if they vote no that 's what i thought until a couple of days ago , but now i see a lot more eu officials saying that a ` no ' does n't mean they will stop the negotiations . 
  i am ok with leaving the ez personaly ( it 's not ideal obviously ) , but i know that neither the govt nor the other ez members want that . 
  no , the current govt says that they actualy can make reforms , because they have no ties with the oligarch of the country and they are not corrupted because they were never in power . 
  forgiving some of our debt is the only option if they want some of their money back . 
  right now the economy is struggled and we ca n't pay for that debt , we can hardly pay for our pensions and wages . 
  not a single proposal was made in greek parliament to pass reform laws that 's because the ` institutions ' insisted to put a clause in the agreement on february 2015 , that greece should not make any unilateral decision until the whole package of reforms is decided . 
  that was a poor choice for the greek govt and they pay for it now . 
  your country never was and never will be under supervision , so i can see why it 's difficult for you to understand why a country ca n't make its own decisions but unfortunately that 's what 's happening with greece . 
  ( i assume you are american )  they have also not made a single viable proposal to the creditors that 's also not true , in fact they have agreed on the package of reforms right now and the main problem is that greece demands a debt relief because they think otherwise any reform would be useless because the debt is not sustainable ( more than 170 % of gdp ), 
  so what do you think will happen if greeks vote for ` no ' in 2 days ? 
  the greek debt should be reduced , and if this request is n't granted i ca n't see how they can finalize the deal ... 
  to me it is seems like a plan to force the current govt to resign . 
  the only way for that to happen , is if the referendum result is ` yes ' . 
  that 's why they try so hard to degrade them and make them look like they ca n't do anything right . 
  especialy schultz was making this kind of comments from day one , for example he came to greece right after the elections and publicly said that he prefered another party to form the coalition government with syriza and not the one that syriza chose . 
  these are facts that no one can disagree with , but are completely irrelevant to what op wants to point out .
