  if a country gets hit by floods then you take the excessive water to your country or do you send manpower and resources to help it cope with the situation ? 
  i think i need to write this here also : i see what you did there, 
  i see what you did there, 
  have a upvote for honest opinion without insults :d, 
  this was so dry that the whole water on earth has dried out, 
  i knew it !, 
  syrians want to live with santa claus !, 
  benefits in poland ? 
  good joke :p without ngo 's refugees wo n't get much in poland like most poles :p, 
  well i do n't live in warsaw but few km away from it but well . . you can get used to it :p, 
  assads regime was one of the most stable in the region but because of long drought many people moved to cities then there were problems with water , and poverty in cities . 
  then some kids sprayed some slogans on the walls and were arrested ( and beaten ? 
  i do n't remember ) and then it went downhill . 
  well in poland political correctness does n't really exist and we take quite a pride in voicing our concerns and most poles do n't like being silenced . 
  if you try , it makes things even worse . 
  i personally do n't mind taking immigrants and refugees . 
  under me lives 3 ukrainians that got asylum ( yes asylum not long term working visa ) and they 're quite nice guys ( well they 're sometimes quite noisy on weekends ) . 
  but why should we take people that do n't even want to be here , because angela merkel said that all syrian refugees can come to germany ? 
  should we put them in concentration camps to stop them from leaving ? 
  i thought they did n't get approval for a protest or is it some other protest ? 
  maybe go even cheaper ? 
  send them by chinese mail :p, 
  i think it would be much better to send man power and funds to italy , greece , hungary and help them cope with the problem and at the same time redistribute legit refugees asap . 
  cause now some people claim they 're from syria but obviously are not and where do you deport them when they do n't have any documents ? 
  well i would n't call pis ultra right wing . 
  also pis would win even without refugee crisis :p, 
  well the battle was in vienna so ... :p, 
  spread fake information that romania conquered half of the europe ? 
  in space it does n't really matter :p, 
  and all those damn traps like you say cellar and we think about a store or we 're looking for someone/something and you think we want to fuck someone/something :d, 
  omg that 's even worse :o, 
  yeah and the lovely der , die das , den dem :p, 
  long live the queen !, 
  shave the queen !, 
  akhm . . 
  i mean save not shave, 
  you also tried to reproduce with us during your visit in 1655-1660 :p, 
  i could have used `` partly funded '' but well whatever  yeah i know that the costs are big and many more refugees are not in the camps and that this whole situation is a total mess . 
  also i would be surprised if erdogan would n't use this situation for his own agenda . 
  i think the best way would be to end the civil war as fast as possible . 
  i wish eu would find a solution with russia and cooperate to end this war . 
  no blaming of turkey in poland  also those camps are funded by countries around the world ( even those damn rich arab countries that do nothing ) . 
  so you ca n't put 100 % blame on turkish gov. 
  and leave syria with only uneducated people that produce even more refugees because they ca n't rebuild country and syria stays unstable , genius . 
   eastern europeans ease opposition to migrant quotas ?? 
   `` now we 're considering raising that number . 
  we want for poland to have control over who , in what number and when [ they ] arrive , '' against quotas  he added : `` quotas are irrational and do not solve anything . 
  let 's not bend to what germany and france says . '', 
  against  echoing that position , czech prime minister bohuslav sobotka on wednesday reiterated his stance against quotas against dunno about latvia cause i do n't know what was their stance before but what laimdota straujuma said is basically what democracy is about did i miss something ? 
  who cares ?!, 
  2030 will be the start of mini ice age !, 
  i 'm resupplying all the time, 
  yep . 
  sure it could spark an argument with coworker and if he would complain to the employer you would be at most reprimanded that workplace is n't the place for such discussions . 
  ofc if you go into such argument with your employer that 's another story . 
  also multinational corporations do n't count cause in most cases political correctness exists there . 
  edit : also i 'm talking about common folks that are in the center not on the far right/left, 
  in poland it depends who is your employer . 
  well the concept of political correctness does n't really exist in poland . 
  you can in most cases say anything you want . 
  ofc you ca n't go 1000 % racist cause there is anti hate-speech law . 
  but saying something like `` i do n't like/want russians/blacks/jews / muslims/etc '' is n't considered racist/xenophobic . 
  that 's nothing new , 
  germany ?!, 
  that filthy place ?!, 
  i want to buckingham palace !, 
  be happy i did n't choose any 5 star rated place on google but a measly 4.3 star rated place !, 
  edit : ok time to stop this poor joke :p, 
  when it was in their interest ? 
  see i have a valid cause to be a refugee !, 
  i 'm persecuted because of my believes !, 
  and i 'm even being called a racist !, 
  but do they have a job ? 
   because you know you could give them a lot of money and they would still commit crime cause they do n't have anything to do :p, 
  considering that a lot of educated people left which statistically have less children than uneducated and considering that those projections are probably considering the amount of people that left but do they consider who left ? 
  so it 's quite possible that opening the borders will help poland avoid the aging population for some time :p, 
  gr\u00fcss gott from poland can i join you on the trip to sweden ? 
  they even paid for ads in lebanese ( ? ), 
  newspaper telling that the benefits will be cut etc. 
  with me it 's two first timers :d, 
  and i want a lamborghini . 
  oh hey there my german friend !, 
  can you give me 500 euro per month because i want better life !, 
  free health care ? 
  that 's interesting because for health care you either pay directly or it 's funded from taxes ( again you pay for it ) . 
  also my family does n't own a car , i do n't own a dish washer and if i do n't need to i do n't heat my house to save . 
  and i do n't consider myself poor . 
  also i 'm not eligible to any pension even if i would lose my arms . 
  damn did n't know ww2 is still ongoing, 
  but you ca n't deport him because you do n't know where to deport him :p, 
  beer ? 
  c'mon slivovitz all the way :d, 
  you could also earn money via youtube , blogging , streaming and every dollar/euro is worth more for you because your cost of living is lower  edit : i 've chosen romania because of the low cost of living and fast internet , 
  i think you need to re-read what i wrote, 
  ohh right i forgot education :p, 
  i really like cwrw :p, 
  maybe they want to go to santa claus or arctic ? 
  tbh nothing unexpected , i would be surprised if they did n't plan anything like that, 
  it 's hard question . 
  first of all not all immigrants know the local law ( even some natives do n't know the local law :p ) so they can commit a crime not even knowing they 're commiting a crime .
