i wonder how it would look like if they would be drinking vodka instead of beer :d, 
  if someone wonders how much water would be needed to be removed then it 's only : ~ 4.343 * 10 ^ 19 liters or over 17 trillion olympic-size swiming pools  ps . 
  i used the area of oceans and seas times 120m ( average depth of moat between uk and france ), 
  those statistics include smuggled cigs ? 
  cause i know quite a few poles that are smuggling quite a lot into uk :p also i know few ukrainians who smuggle cigs into poland , 
  if people working on farms would make surnames from their occupation in middle ages then serf/farmer/whatever would be the most popular occupational surname but those people did n't do that instead , when surnames `` got introduced '' , those people were either called by their fathers name or by nicknames or by the place where they lived which became surnames . 
  and why smith is the most popular surname ? 
  in middle ages it was one of the most important occupations ( someone had to make weapons , armors etc. ), 
  so there were a lot of people working as smiths . 
  i 'm color-blind and i do n't have problems with this map :p color-blind = / = color-blind , 
  tbh tv is n't the best form of entertainment . 
  and i 'm 100 % for eu to give more money to refugee camps . 
  well maybe they do n't need a satellite dish in every tent . 
  that specialised in the mystical art of colon acupuncture !, 
  praise dracula !, 
  [ they do n't know what they 're missing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5nuujqt8zm ), 
  - anounce that every country will take x refugees without consulting anyone - v4 group says no - threaten them that they wo n't get any money diplomacy 101, 
  well the gdp of eu was over 18 trillion usd in 2014 so 6 billion euro is n't much . 
  also they need to contemplate if contemplating the contemplation of contemplating a solution should be contemplated :p, 
  ch is always pronounced like h , does n't matter if it 's at the beginning , in the middle or at the end , 
  aside of drones being unmanned there 's no real difference between drones and standard aircrafts . 
  so who cares ? 
  well the problem with those polls is that the number of people questioned in most cases is small ( like 2000 people ) . 
  so the results are often quite volatile . 
  also i doubt people would change their mind easily after the base would be built cause most people know that military base equals $ $ especially rich country 's base . 
  it 's because whenever we were searching for their help they though we wanted to have sex with them :p, 
  is n't finland a brand of vodka and not a country ? 
  ohh so it happened during the pass over . 
  i though it was after  well dunno maybe the poll was conducted right after some major mishap by us gov or something and i 'm too lazy to check it up . 
  also [ it went to 0.68 in 2015 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3lcoyh/how_poles_view_other_nations_2014/cv5o2t6 ), 
  well whenever i make tea for myself the temperature is at boiling point of 100 \u00b0 c and i puff and blow and puff at it while slowly drinking it :p, 
  well the visas come and go for a long time in poland  about the europe = country that was one of the examples that circulates internet from time to time other would be that earth is flat or that the sun revolves around earth . 
  most are bullshit probably but weirdly people like to believe that people believe in such things . 
  well dunno i do n't know what everyone in us knows . 
  probably there are people that lack basic knowledge like in most countries . 
  yeah i know about the mcdonald 's coffe case . 
  in poland mcdonald would win because common sense dictates that hot beverage is hot and you can get burnt :p about the spying there was a notion that us is `` our best ally '' . 
  people would n't be as much upset if uk , france or germany would spy because of what happened during ww2 ( nazis and declaring war only on paper by france and uk ) . 
  a lot of people still have some weird post ww2 mentality . 
  ok time to sleep it 's freaking 4.30 am here, 
  it means more like cheat/swindle like selling someone a fake rolex . 
  and about political correctness it does n't really exist in poland , people still use a lot of terms that would be deemed as inappropriate in western countries . 
  i even have a half jewish friend who loves to say `` nie b\u0105d\u017a \u017cydem '' ( do n't be a jew ) whenever someones does n't want to share , 
  well it 's hard to guess why it 's only 0.35 . 
  i think a lot of people would want to go to us even only for sightseeing but there 's this perception that visas are hard to get . 
  also some people could think that there are a lot of stupid people ( europe is a country , mcdonald 's coffee case ) . 
  another point would be mass shootings and other crimes with guns . 
  those are the only things that came to my mind that could lower the score . 
  edit : oh also spying on your allies :p, 
  dammit i wrote it wrong ... 
  i meant abolish the visa requirement for poles :p, 
  [ we 're prepared ] ( http://x3.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/c3201142/comment_7pia92gir5ixa9c57qu4tihujx7wtijt.jpg ), 
  from a quick google search : polite people , lower crime rate than us , colder and with a lot of snow . 
  i think it would give you something ~ 0.5 ( mostly because of the perceived weather ) . 
  from me : vast lands , cold ! , snow ! , polite people and you can get sunburn and frostbite the same day :d so overall ~ 0.7, 
  [ our names are really easy !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gloossfu6cm ), 
  if us gives polish people visa 's then the score would skyrocket . 
  well the correct word is `` romowie '' but most people call them `` cyganie '', 
  it may be because of vietnamese people trying to sell cheap stuff to people in markets using broken polish in the 90s . 
  `` sir , buy this , ( without or ) this , this '' etc. 
  but over all polish language skills improved among vietnamese during the last 20 years . 
  it 's probably because some people think that romania is gypsies country, 
  it 's the russians !, 
  they steal two cars cause they need to go through poland !, 
  it 's probably cause of gypsies and yes i know there 's the separete mark for them but some people still think that romania is gypsies country, 
  ukraine was n't our colony . 
  it belonged to poland but it was n't a colony, 
  and be called a nazi :p, 
  so the minimum wage will be 1850z\u0142 where employees will get ~ 1355z\u0142 and the cost for employer will be ~ 2231z\u0142 ( part of the social insurance is paid by employer and is not included into wage ) . 
  so effectively employees get only 60 %, 
  yes i 'm talking as one country , 
  polish-lithuanian hussars , 
  and australian ( people crossing the sea ), 
  do n't you kurwa dare to kurwa insult my people !, 
  after watching couple of videos most of them look like normal fights when people run out of arguments, 
  i sense some weird humour here . 
  ak - armia krajowa ( home army ) main resistance movement in poland during ww2 :p, 
  yes we probably would feel guilty for taking all those jobs :p and yes turning up on time when it 's `` snowing '' in uk is definetly a crime !, 
  our relationship with vodka is too strong to have any guilt :p, 
  ussr was kind enough to take us into space :p, 
  at least did you get some loot ? 
  then maybe japanese without arabic numbers ? 
  i 've seen few in warsaw the crowd response was ... oh wait there was n't any :p, 
  well good example of godwin 's law outside of internet :p  outside the camp , people smugglers openly offer rides to budapest for 100 euros ( # 65 ) . 
  even official taxi drivers have entered the market . 
  state television filmed around 50 taxi drivers waiting at a car park near a holding camp . 
  budapest 's taxi drivers are now working as an organised group , undercutting the human traffickers , who usually charge 200-300 euros for the ride to the capital . 
  capitalism at it 's finest :d, 
  germany and france want solidarity in eu and recognizing catalonia against spains would n't be good for that . 
  edit : well i ca n't add much about hate if you assumed that spain wo n't recognize catalonias independence :p, 
  as i said in most cases . 
  but well quite often the big do n't give a crap about laws and treaties, 
  in most cases only one or two influential countriies needs to recognize it and the only candidate for that right now is russia . 
  china wo n't recognize it because of taiwan . 
  us and canada probably wo n't touch anything right now to destabilize even more eu . 
  germany and france would stand for spain . 
  uk would stay quiet . 
  so that leaves us with russia which probably could do it with pleasure :p, 
  the royal dutch shell ?
