  well in this case it 's minor offences mostly second , unemployment is a huge factor in crime rate third , crime report rate . 
  sweden probably has the highest rate of reported rape and maybe because of that sweden is so high in rape crimes . 
  forth , corruption rate edit : fifth , how well the immigrants are assimilated i have a feeling i forgot about something . 
  basically crime rate is n't only affected by the amount of immigrants . 
  it is temporary but if the conflicts will last for a longer time refugees will have the ability to aquire citizenship in the countries they 're in either by marrying locals , having children with locals or just by staying enough time in the country ( whatever the law says ) . 
  most of the major conflicts , like the syrian one , take years to resolve on it 's own . 
  and the fastest way to end the syrian conflict is to send there army , get rid of isis , keep the army there for the time syria is rebuilding . 
  also do n't leave until most of the infrastructure has been rebuilt ( schools and hospitals should have priority ) and the unemployment rate should n't be high . 
  basically you need to leave a happy/satisfied country . 
  it 's easier to take in skilled people and cheap workers ( unskilled ones ) as asylum seekers and say you 're helping them but the world is still left with an unstable region that 's producing refugees . 
  also it 's worth to note that during/after a war natural instincts are stronger that 's why after most wars there was a baby boom ( bad side : people are more agressive and more keen to lynch because of gossip ) . 
  i wonder how will climate look like in 30 years , cause in 2030 some scientists predict the start of mini ice age due to [ reduced solar activity ] ( http://www.iflscience.com/environment/we-could-be-heading-mini-ice-age-2030 ), 
  in theory they should go back ( not be sent back :p ) . 
  but no one knows how long it will take until syria is safe . 
  and now merkel wants `` solidarity '' with refugees :p, 
  it should be done like that and those that are crossing illegally the border should n't be accepted . 
  basically the message should be : if you want to go to europe you need to go to refugee camp . 
  and not : go and risk your life and you will be accepted in europe . 
  you prefer everyone to go to refugee camps or maybe those who have some money to take the risky trip and either manage to get to europe or die ? 
  i 'm not denying that they 've taken 0 refugees but i 'm saying that at least they 've [ gave some money ] ( https://fts.unocha.org/pageloader.aspx?page=search-reporting_display&amp;cq=cq020315114425txf7osvtrx ), 
  and i 'm also talking about those :p, 
  i 'm not because : 1 ) it 's good only short term 2 ) hard to find a good ruler 3 ) people are easily corrupted also in monarchy there does n't need to be only one person giving `` orders '' . 
  usually the monarch only is needed in urgent and significant matters . 
  with other matters he just oversees the work of `` ministers '' . 
  and if some `` minister '' does his job badly he immediately ends without job . 
  but as there 's hard time finding a good ruler let 's stick to democracy , 
  theoretically in democracy even the most hateful speech should get an answer . 
  edit : i think i need to add this : unless the speech is 100 % dumb and without any point like only insults and nothing more . 
  thruth be told a good monarch/dictator/tyrant is better than any other form of goverment . 
  but the problem is the next ruler will he be good or bad ? 
  at least i know what i can expect from him , 
  well there 's a difference between expected number of immigrants ( opening borders of eu market to new country ) and unexpected number of immigrants ( right now ) . 
  that looks like ussr would be still alive and converted to islam :p, 
  i think someone somewhere here sometime ago linked an article that said that those certain countries fund refugees camps but with all this recent influx of information i may be wrong . 
  the difference is poland , romania etc. 
  can cope with the skilled emigrating to western europe where as syria is basically devastated with only poor and uneducated left . 
  also another difference is in most cases only skilled people emigrate from eastern europe leaving the family where as from syria whole families . 
  dunno about other countries but in poland family ties are rather strong so the probability of those skilled ones returning is quite higher than if the whole family moves . 
  nope he always used such language :p, 
  i do n't agree with him in quite a few things , and the words he chooses are sometimes excessive , but i respect him that even if his views are not popular he does n't change them . 
  at least he stopped talking in broken ponglish, 
  such `` nord stream '' much `` solidarity '', 
  then maybe i should convince my family that lives in belarus/ukraine ( ~ 20 ) to seek asylum in poland ? 
  oh wait our goverment does n't care about poles outside of poland, 
  eastern europe does n't even need to cut benefits :p, 
  do n't forget refugee 's families !, 
   people with skills  fit in with their new country so you 're saying you 're ok with taking and assimilating skilled people leaving the source country brain drained ? 
  then i 'm also a refugee !, 
  i know that she 's not inviting directly economic immigrants but syrian refugees but people from other countries are throwing away their documents and insisting that they 're from syria . 
  you will also have upset refugees if they end up in countries like romania , hungary , poland etc. 
  instead of germany or sweden . 
  also benefits ? 
  if i would lose arms i would n't qualify for disability pension and if i would get somehow this pension it would n't be much . 
  my mother after 30 years of running a business ( you pay more for retirement ) and few years of being employed will get ~ 250 euro per month when she retires . 
  that 's barely enough to buy food and pay the bills and if you need to buy medicine then you have to choose . 
  send them to corresponding camps and stop giving hope that taking a risky route will give access to europe . 
  i do n't have anything against accepting refugees but in this case not only syrians are comming to europe but also people from iraq , pakistan and from africa . 
  how many europe can help on european soil ? 
  how many will be happy to be `` redistributed '' to poland , hungary , romania etc ? 
  also a lot of those refugees are educated people and what if they stay in europe and not come back to their countries ? 
  what about those countries that will be lacking educated people ? 
  do you think you can rebuild stable country without educated people ? 
  there 's shit tonne of problems that arise from accepting refugees/migrants . 
  also people not from syria are throwing away their documents and insist that they 're from syria how do you deport them not knowing where they are from ? 
  it would be way better to not accept them , fund refugees camps in turkey , jordan etc. 
  and help rebuild syria . 
  you would satisfy the left and right , and help people . 
  also do not fund/equip rebels :p, 
  or just do n't accept them and fund refugee camps in neighbouring countries ? 
  you mean the polish girls living in germany right ? 
  so where do you deport someone who does n't have documents and claims that is from syria but obviously is n't ? 
  at least you have the fastest internet in europe :p, 
  as a pole if hungary would start shooting to immigrants i would be still with you , besides i 'm sick with what germany is doing in recent times . 
  fingerprints are unique but ... for example due to allergy for detergents my sister lost most of hers fingerprints . 
  so some people could start destroying their fingerprints with for example diluted acids, 
  and that 's what eu should do . 
  help people outside not invite them . 
  it 's way better to invest in coutries neighbouring the war-torn countries . 
  people would flee to those countries then either assimilate or just wait for the war to end and return to their countries . 
  besides who the hell from poorer countries , that were ruined by war , would want to go back from either germany , sweden or uk ? 
  tbh even romania is n't a bad deal, 
  and now our dear angelic eu ruler angela merkel is inviting economic immigrants from around the world . 
  in serbia people are throwing away their documents and then they 're insisting that they 're from syria . 
  gl deporting them when you do n't know where to deport them . 
  benefits in poland good joke xd i 'm polish and if i would lose my arms at this point i would n't qualify for the disability benefit xd, 
  would n't it be simplier to tell them they will be sent to a penal colony in antarctica if they wo n't tell where are they from ? 
  [ well tbh it should be something like that ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ef6ln4z.png ) . 
  also there 's quite few ongoing conflicts that are more worrisome . 
  like the isis one , the boko haram one or like the yemeni civil war . 
  if you check out the conflicts that are in the table it 's easy to discard quite a few countries from the map . 
  so how many refugees can europe take in ? 
  and i 'm predicting that after the green light from germany even more people will try to reach europe . 
  this is not a grammar error but logical error , 
  well it 's quite simple if most of humans/citizens of nation dies and the only left are : a ) 1 man and 100 women b ) 1 woman and 100 men which option has bigger chances to restore humanity/nation ? 
  i do n't really have anyone to vote :p maybe it 's time to start my own party ? 
  i would n't mind with their fastest internet in europe :p, 
  at least it would n't be boring and people would watch diet sessions or part of it , 
  macierewicz as minister of defence oh my goat . . 
  i need to prepare popcorn if that happens :d, 
  what if he 's talking in terms of non-euclidean geometry ?
