it was more a joke than anything . 
  it 's nice that you asked and are making an effort to check out what s going on outside of the us . 
  on this planet, 
  man this is just fucking sad . 
  i have no solution to this whole problem , but seeing pictures likes this clearly shows that there 's really something going wrong in our world . 
  oh cool , that 's the map i made  makes me happy to see it reposted !, 
  makes him sound australian to me . 
  the one time in my life i had snail , i was not in france . 
  yes , i 'm french . 
  i think it may be more common in the eastern part of the country, 
  yes but then people make fun of our accent . 
  look , even in this thread , in response to my message , there 's a guy saying do n't stop it 's so funny . 
  we 're not trying to be funny , so it hurts to hear that :'(, 
  france : it 's not that we do n't want to speak english with you . 
  it 's just that we are so bad at it that we either ca n't or are too ashamed of speaking it . 
  it 's all about semantic . 
  daesh is just a word , nobody knows it , so it 's their name . 
  islamic state makes it seem like they are talking in the name of all muslims , and that they are a country or something . 
  both are wrong . 
  scotch = roll of tape, 
  thanks, 
   in fact , the marseillaise was the very reason , other countries created their own anthems , so you can legitimately call it the mother of anthems . 
  really ? 
  how so ? 
  til, 
   the rooster is quite representative i find . 
  proud , colourful , civilized rooster , who sometimes gets in a fit of rage . 
   you forgot to mention how sometimes we are dicks , so i agree , the cock is a pretty fitting animal to represent us . 
  yes , it 's in puteaux , courbevoie and nanterre . 
  thank you , most people , including in this thread seem to think we just like to bother tourists . 
  people we just suck at english it s that simple, 
  not a game , just very badly trained employees . 
  yes , it is terrible , especially for the biggest airport in the most visited country in the world . 
  honestly i 'm not even sure i was aware of that rivalry before i started going on reddit ... 
   seem to think they are n't and thus try to avoid it , but then give it a go , which comes across to english people as `` well fuck you , i can speak it , i just wo n't '' yep , i think that might be the case . 
  it 's a must for some people , who have jobs related to that . 
  then again , that 's not the case for most people . 
  sorry but you are very wrong here . 
  my mom and dad do n't speak a word of english , yet they spend a lot of time on the internet . 
  most people in france , ( and yes even the younger generation ) , barely goes to any website written in english on a daily basis . 
  look at this video for exemple , which btw is quite funny www.dailymotion.com/video/xt13fn_i-m-french-best-cosplay-interview-ever_fun does this guy looks like he refuses to speak english to you ? 
  what makes you think people refuse to speak rather than do n't really know how to speak it ? 
  because they do n't know how to speak another language / they are too ashamed and scared of speaking it badly . 
  which is exactly what op 's pic shows . 
  i get that this is not normal , and that we should be able to speak it . 
  but once again , it 's not that they know how to speak and refuse to just to fuck with you . 
  it 's just that , like in south america for exemple , a lot of people simply do n't know how to speak it . 
  honestly this seems super super weird to me . 
  people restraining their english level just because they do n't like british ? 
  what kind of scumbag does that ? 
  this might be just me but i speak a few languages and i find it hard to lower my level in a particular language . 
  it makes you make an extra effort . 
  when you speak a language that is not your native one , it 's hard to focus on how you are going to speak badly , because you are already focused on how to just speak the language ... 
  so doing this just to fuck with other people 's mind , would be very twisted . 
  also , this is probably going to sound super offensive to you but we do n't really make any difference between scottish/british/welsh people ... : / finally , what you are saying may apply for this one particular case when you were very unlucky to find some idiots , but it does n't explain why italians , danish , americans etc are saying in this thread that the french refuse to speak english to them . 
  do we just hate everybody ? 
  i am french and i hear this all the time , on reddit but also sometimes in real life . 
  it baffles me . 
  what makes you think we do n't want to speak english ? 
  ( genuine question ) there must be something that make people think we do speak and understand english , but refuse to do it for some reason , and i ca n't figure out what that is . 
  i like to think that i m pretty good at english , i love speaking it , have lived in 2 different english speaking countries . 
  but i would say that 80 % , maybe more of my french friends are afraid of not being good enough / sounding like dicks / looking stupid , or just simply do n't understand a word people are saying . 
  i think the difference with some other countries is that the others do n't really give a fuck if they make mistakes when they speak , even if it 's very far from perfect , they 'll speak . 
  french do give a fuck ( yes , we should n't , but we do ) about it . 
   i like to eat it with some mayo . 
  thanks for the feedback , 
  / r/judgemyaccent could n't guess where i was from , 
  might not work as well since now you know i 'm french , but [ here goes ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s18ugzs0m3ws ) . 
  it 's the conclusion of [ this article ] ( http://uk.ign.com/articles/2013/06/05/the-last-of-us-review ) people usually tell me i have a foreigner accent but they ca n't tell i 'm from france ( probably because i do pronounce the h ) . 
  let me know where i can improve !, 
  i 'm french and i speak english , with no french accent . 
  i also do n't drink wine , and i 'm not a fan of cheese . 
  i 'm from britanny and we put butter on everything . 
  when i was a kid i would never even eat nutella without butter on my bread first . 
  ( yes , that 's kind of gross ), 
  what makes you think the frenchs see it as an insult towards them ? 
  or that they are annoyed ? 
  genuine question , i 'm really wondering . 
  is it something in the body language for exemple ? 
  do they just run away from you ? 
  one difference that i can see between frenchs and spaniards for exemple , would be that the frenchs who do n't speak english will be ashamed of that fact , thus wo n't even try to speak because they are terrified of looking stupid . 
  ( and the fact that everybody around the globe makes fun of the french accent is not helping either ) i feel like spaniards would be more `` amused '' by that fact , or at least , they would give less fuck than the frenchs . 
  right , busy . 
  busy is portuguese for `` taking a nap '' . 
  it annoys me when i hear `` french people do n't want to speak english '' . 
  it seems that it does n't occur to people that a lot of french people simply have no clue how to speak english , just like in italy or in spain for example . 
  when people talk about these countries they say `` in italy a lot of people do n't speak english '' . 
  when they talk about france it 's `` in france a lot of people do n't want to speak english '' . 
  really ? 
  i made [ a map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bxejykh.png ) out of it . 
  not too impressed with the result , but i though i 'd still post it since i spent some time on it , 
  the trailer is really bad but the film is very good : [ l'auberge espagnole ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asvjftudfl0 ) the sequel , les poup\u00e9es russes , is even better . 
  there 's a third one coming out in about a week in france , it 's called casse-t\u00eate chinois . 
  a lot of people have pointed out this weird stat ( definetly not 0.01 though ) , but the rest is more scientifically accurate from what i read . 
  this is the tedx talk on which this comic is based , it has english subtitles http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8fsvwigilg, 
  i 'm not sure if this is a joke or if you are really misinformed ? 
  the picture they took with the lama makes this story 10x better http://imgur.com/oyulvur, 
  et du coup t ` as une freebox r\u00e9vo j' imagine ? 
  which isp is this ? 
  i thought we had to buy the triple play thing , for at least 25 $ ?
