  people have been scoffing at this . 
  given what 's been happening in the last year , is it really so far-fetched to believe it ? 
  i voted for big vik too . 
  calling this xenophobic is so unoriginal . 
  does somebody have to be original when discussing something like this ? 
  how do you propose someone defends themselves from rape when somebody can physically overpower them ? 
  europe 's officially gone insane, 
  so do they just go out on a shit boat in life jackets and wait to be picked up for their trip to europe ? 
  the mods can be a bit weird about islamic attacks . 
  this is a great point . 
  bans have to be consistent for both sides . 
  economic growth was pretty much the expected outcome of mass immigration , right ? 
  is n't that the entire argument for doing it ? 
  i do n't think anyone on here has been against it in a ` we do n't want economic growth ! ', 
  kind of way . 
  maybe for you in your area . 
  where do you live ? 
  governments want it, 
  i do n't particular know the details of this one too well , but a lot of the reported hackings in recent years do n't require an expert level knowledge of hacking . 
  you can hack something while also not having the skills to make yourself truly undetectable . 
  can you explain what actually goes on behind the scenes in situations like this ? 
  does anyone higher up than mod position tell you to remove these ? 
  reddit used to be exceptional for news before the mods and admins got power hungry ( or got told what to censor , i dunno ) . 
  the police were reportedly very close by after the first rape , but they were sidetracked by a lemonade stand set up by a rogue 4 year old girl nearby . 
  i 'm confused , who 's saying the first part ? 
  why are you assuming the people saying the first part are also saying the second part ? 
  i do n't think anyone should be able to deny service to someone based on their religious beliefs . 
  saudi arabia funding wahhabism in mosques across the world ? 
  wow , i am shocked . 
  i am truly shocked . 
  but oh well , `` islamophobia '' and all that . 
  help stopping it or help bringing in more ? 
  would anyone with a greater understanding be able to provide more detail on this ? 
  i thought i understand what the ruling would mean , but then i saw this part :  the eu 's top court has approved a law requiring refugees to seek asylum in the first country they reach . 
  the case , brought by austria and slovenia , could affect the future of several hundred people who arrived during the 2015 migrant crisis . 
  it says it `` could affect several hundred people '' , but would this not affect * a lot * of migrants ? 
  is this ruling only for one specific case involving a specific group of migrants or something ? 
  i just do n't want to eventually take 1 million refugees because we 're in the eu . 
  i really would love to be wrong . 
  however , i consider both situations to be very different . 
   do you want muslims that have nothing to do with italy and that will transform the country into the shit hole they come from ? 
  this is what 's most sad about these discussions . 
  we 're told `` but without mass immigration , the economy wo n't survive ! '', 
  okay , but with mass immigration , your country and its people will be completely different/forgotten in 150 years . 
  are swedish people starting to get concerned or is it just a minority group who cares ? 
  looks like a very nice trip and a relaxing place . 
  i realise this is n't the appropriate thread given that it 's just trying to appreciate the positives of the place . 
  but can anyone actually share first hand experience of the refugee situation in sweden ? 
  i feel like everything i 've read recently is fuelled by an agenda , whether it 's downplaying it or playing it up . 
  i 'm assuming it 's more in the middle of what 's being said . 
  is it even noticeable ? 
  i mean if i went to malmo and walked around , would it be okay ? 
  i realise i probably sound very ignorant to some of you on here , i just do n't know what to believe anymore . 
  so your migrant friends told you that the natives of the country they moved to are the problem with the country ? 
  i 'm sure there 's no bias from their side at all . 
  there 's nothing in your post that actually resonates with me except the weather . 
  a lot of people do n't like it . 
  i do happen to love the rain and how mild it is here , so i 'm happy . 
  this weird cult mentality around europe in the last year or so is honestly a bit frightening . 
  comparing the ira with islamic terrorism is just so absurd that i do n't even know where to begin . 
  i think you know inside that the situations are very different . 
  it would be significantly lower , however . 
  i do n't think anyone is saying that islam invented terrorism . 
  a bit of a strawman here . 
  or maybe these pictures should go into r/europics instead . 
  seems to be exactly what it 's intended to be . 
  except one completely takes over the front page of the subreddit for days , while the other does n't . 
  we do n't have to completely get rid of both . 
  the mods are just asking for it to be less dominant when it comes up , so the people who want to actually have discussions on current events can do so without having to scroll past 100 pictures . 
  the same reason a thread about a right wing riot would be people shitting on right wingers . 
  when they do something that warrants them being slated , they 'll be slated . 
  what would you prefer ? 
  a congratulations thread ? 
  a scoring of how well they trashed the place ? 
  or they 're just people who care about the state of their home . 
  what 's cool about it ? 
  because it 's an interesting example of how sexism is only recognised when it 's done by a men towards women ? 
  who said white people burning cars is okay ? 
  you do n't like the series posts that take up literally the entire front page ? 
  i feel like this sub is just being intentionally brigaded with this shit every day at this point . 
  starting to think we do n't , tbh . 
  legitimate concerns are laughed away on here . 
  people just make sarcastic comments about this quote because it 's trump , while ignoring that the issues are so very real . 
  what are they protesting ? 
  struggling to find a clear answer and this sub is just full of shit pictures . 
  true , everything in the west was perfect before trump ( aka the disease ) was elected . 
  i do n't think it 's cringe either , 
  do you really believe that ? 
  have the policies you 've seen so far inspired you with confidence ? 
   and yes everyone can be winners with globalisation . 
  yes , they * can * be . 
  but the reality is they * wo n't * be . 
  well they both feed each other . 
  mass influx of different cultures/ideologies , as well as terrorist attacks in the name of their god , will make any right wing people more passionate and extreme about their beliefs . 
  obviously very anecdotal but i do n't know if i 've ever even heard an irish person talk about jewish people , let alone express negative views . 
  weird . 
  i live in dublin . 
  not too sure what that has to do with my comment about sweden in this thread about sweden though . 
  i remember when i was a kid i had this image of sweden being some sort of progressive utopia that was far ahead of every other country on my side of the world . 
  so weird looking at it now .
