i do n't think anyone is happy about the situation . 
  however , where does it end ? 
  do you propose doing a direct transfer of * anyone * in middle east/africa who is n't involved in the evil-doing ? 
  you likely have prosopagnosia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prosopagnosia, 
  i actually do n't find terrorism funny at all . 
  which is why it 's so disheartening that european countries , such as germany , are opening the floodgates for terrorists to arrive . 
  and the ira thing is funny because you think you 're making some fantastic , insightful comparison but you 're too pro-islam to see that they very different situations . 
  you strike me as the type who has to get the last word in . 
  feel free to make some remark about me not replying again , i actually wo n't next time . 
  really excellent contribution to the thread . 
  would you prefer their radicalise from outside the country or from within ? 
  same thing , only you have one jihadi less . 
  i 'm replying to this part of what he said :  you can say pretty much whatever you want and you wo n't go to prison for it . 
  in the uk ? 
  no , you absolutely ca n't . 
  yeah , there 's a mosque in ireland with very questionable people involved : http://markhumphrys.com/clonskeagh.html, 
  i can see from your post history that you have a certain uh . . bias towards islam so i can see why you 'd say that to me . 
  anyone comparing islamic terrorism to the ira situation is completely ignorant . 
  there are so many glaring differences between the two situations that they do n't even merit being in the same discussion , unless it 's a casual chat about terrorism in general . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i am honestly afraid for the future of my family in europe . 
  do n't english people have more to worry about ? 
  like the rampant rape gangs in their country ? 
  what ? 
  he posted the names of the people involved in this particular story . 
  that 's literally all he posted . 
  yet you 're asking him why he 's not doing a deep dive analysis of the racial breakdown of uk rapes ? 
  and accuse him of pushing an agenda ? 
  this is bizarre . 
  he was including details of * this * story because it 's news now . 
  he was n't doing an analysis of uk rape crime . 
  fair enough , so now you 're acknowledging that the middle eastern immigrants are attacking their new homes because they bombed the middle east . 
  so will you now acknowledge that with this in mind , people are completely justified for not wanting to accept these migrants who have a % who want revenge ( as admitted by you ) ? 
  so you 're acknowledging that japan has a low number of terrorist attacks because they have less migrants ? 
  did he include any hate speech from muslims towards the west ? 
  i guess not . 
  why does it have to be one or the other ? 
  they are terrorists and they are also mentally ill . 
  why would it stop ? 
  countries are bringing in more and more people who : - follow a barbaric ideology - hate the west and its way of living - have grown up with far different social norms/expectations than we have i 'm not saying every person who immigrates to europe is bad . 
  however , there are certainly a good % of them who are n't suited to our society and the more immigration that happens , the more incidents like this will occur . 
  a hard , magical stop is just fantasy at this point . 
  and yet a terrorist attack in a european city will be taken down within 5 minutes because it 's local crime . 
  er , it 's not ? 
  it even bothers me that they 're put into a jail because they then have the opportunity to radicalise other prisoners . 
  this reportedly happens quite often . 
  nothing irritates me more than seeing a good piece on the refugee circus get 30 or so upvotes , while merkel talking about trump for the 300th time will be upvoted to the sky . 
  i think she deserves to be properly punished for stealing . 
  i also think they held her in a way that would cause her the least physical damage . 
  the only negative for me is how they behaved in the video . 
  everyone involved is xenophobic . 
  you 've acknowledged yourself that you would hate `` the west '' if you were muslim . 
  do you think putting two xenophobic cultures together is a good idea ? 
  the increase in crime is real . 
  there will eventually be a surge in native crime done in retaliation , it 's happening already . 
  what is your expected outcome ? 
  what are you honestly hoping for ? 
  that generally is the reasoning offered . 
  let 's not pretend it is n't . 
  we 're adults here and we both know you 're referring to a minority group in the people that oppose them . 
  seriously - grow up . 
  not everything is about skin colour . 
  yeah i was at it last year and it was surprisingly tame actually . 
  because he was handsome and was n't le pen . 
   they have a lot of reason to hate the west , if i was muslim i would so you understand why some people would be uncomfortable with these people coming into their countries then . 
  fantastic contribution . 
  funnily enough , the same thing could be sad about some things happening in europe at the moment that the eu is promoting . 
  okay . 
  it just seems like any discussion around which is more prominent now ( we both know which it is ) results in someone piping up about christianity from many years ago as if it somehow justifies it now . 
  i have seen literally nothing that suggests the politicians at the top consider this something to be fixed . 
  they want it . 
  not arguing that at all !, 
  i think wanting immigrants from similar societies for the sake of your own society is neither racist or xenophobic . 
  yes , and it was bad then . 
  once is in the present , one is in the past . 
  which is more of an immediate concern for you ? 
  pleasantly surprised to see that : - somebody has posted this in such a frank manner - that it 's been upvoted !, 
  i mean , is it supposed to be a surprise that people are adverse to their culture being changed , even if it is minor at the beginning ? 
  people seeing different types of people every day in their home town , seeing new types of buildings that they did n't grow up with , etc. 
  people are n't naturally always receptive to such things . 
  i do n't think it should be a case of vilifying them over it . 
  obviously they will have to change since the world is becoming more and more integrated/multi-cultural , but you can be sure that a lot of the people that are coming over are xenophobic themselves . 
  every country has its fair share of people who do n't enjoy new ideologies/social behaviours being inserted into their lives . 
  why ca n't it be approached in a ` best fit ' kind of way ? 
  germany has a lot of muslims already , so they 're a good fit for large groups of muslim refugees . 
  same for france . 
  ca n't poland just choose to bring in people who are a good societal/culture fit for where they are at the moment ? 
  it 's not like they 're closing their borders to any foreign people . 
  they just want people who will definitely integrate with their society . 
  is that wrong ? 
  i think they 're bitching because they 'd have a lot more if other eu countries had their way . 
   ukrainians do n't even look that different from poles . 
  does immigration only count if they look different to the natives ? 
  this will simply never stop . 
  the more muslims that are brought into europe , the more this will happen . 
  it 's not just going to come to some magical , hard stop at a certain date . 
  this is just his culture you bigot, 
  if you say so . 
  i would disagree . 
  although i would prefer you are right , of course .
