but actually using nukes would defeat the whole nuclear deterent idea no ? 
  it would seem like an extremely shortsighted option . 
  since it would discourage nuclear nation to dismantle their nukes and possibly trigger a second cold war/arms race . 
  so i 'm happy and you are sad ? 
  i 'm happy as long as it bothered you enough to comment , 
  salty brits \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  lets see whos schadenfreude lasts longer , 
  lol why are you brits even chiming in ? 
  hows your currency now ? 
  knowning who 's entered the country ? 
  have fun registering the eu nationals in the next 140 years your own laws and regulations ? 
  well i guess you can start that after triggering article 50 first, 
  now you can celebrate your `` imbecilic day '' every year , 
  thankfully small-minded nationalistic people like you are the minority, 
  thanks for the correction, 
  is that 10 times in imperial units ? 
  ... and ~ ~ both ~ ~ one of them were more than a millenia in the past . 
  you know what also changed in this time ? 
  the world and the way how economy works . 
  to stay relevant and competitive in this world europe has to stay united, 
  thats why california and texas are basically the same right ? 
  edit : to all you oblivious people : this is a non-sense argument just like the one i 'm answering to . 
  you did n't answer my intial question . 
  this topic is irrelevant to a country 's own culture . 
  they are just complaining because they feel threatened . 
  this is scenario unironically the same as with brexit . 
  simple folks just want the benefits of the eu without having to accept what everyone else accepts in order to make this community work . 
  is the eu against having your own culture ? 
  you love traveling : do you miss the different currencies and the need to exchange it ? 
  do you miss the need for visas when traveling ? 
  do you miss the worry about safety and quality of food etc due to abscence of eu wide standard regulations ? 
  people do n't care when it does n't directly concern them . 
  they only care and protest when it somehow might affect them . 
  if you 'd ask me i 'd remove all of religion . 
  * grabs popcorn *, 
  cutting out infected tissue to save the whole limb . 
  it 's about time, 
  what a great refute . 
  let 's face it erdogans turkey has done a lot of dubious things these past days and there is no indicator that they will stop at these . 
  your position is the one of a nobody with no credible sources to back your claims . 
  do n't presume otherwise, 
  first the brits now the turks ? 
  monty python was a prophet i tell you, 
  if you told me turkey would purge 60.000 people from their jobs and stops academics from leaving the country a week ago i would have also said thats unrealistic ... 
  your realism has lost your basis . 
  `` schei\u00df t\u00fcrken '' ( fucking turks ) was shouted by a third person not the shooter, 
  that 's not even the most extreme solution . 
  communist china dealt with religion by banning and enforcing its bans most brutally . 
  of course that would be impossible in europe, 
  thats as much as you get with `` why and why '', 
   why ca n't i not go to work but still get my pay ? 
  because that 's not how cooperation works, 
  idiotic femnazis like you make `` mansplaining '' a requirement sometime even with the backhand lol stay in tumblr pls, 
  why is this a thing now on r/europe ... no one cares, 
  trust me i 've never frequented r/europe , r/unitedkingdom and r/ukpolitics this much for the entertainment factor of this entire shit show, 
  not arrogance ... schadenfreude , 
  vote for dexit to stop uk immigrants taking our jobs / s, 
  haha i bet it took longer to type that paragraph then to find your source of information if it existed . 
  fine then lets end this before you have to resort to more ad hominems to keep face, 
  you wo n't deny xenophobia is emboldened and rising in uk since the referendum no ? 
  if so we can stop discussing . 
  of course you ca n't actually compare the leave voters to nazi germany but when we take into account how far the world developed culturally the brexit vote win is akin to a victory for populists and nationalists . 
  people are blinded enough by their frustration to turn against `` foreigners '' and ignore advise and consensus of financial institutions and their experts . 
  that alone is a major loss for uk since ww2, 
  so immigrants and nationalists were non-existent before eu immigration ? 
  i do n't get your point . 
  it also does n't explain the wave of hate crimes following brexit . 
  not everyone supporting national self-government is a nazi but every nazi supports national self-government . 
  we know many brits primarily voted for leave because of immigrants also we have seen the outbreak of racists and nationalistic hate crimes since the referendum, 
  it 's not only relevant it is the exact same situation as in germany 1930s economy bad , populists gaining power by blaming a group of `` foreigners '' ... its nothing new in our history, 
  you write these claims like facts . 
  i 'd like to see sources which support those facts . 
  else your post is just wishful bullshit . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  so you are saying wind and water energy are sizeable contributors to global warming ? 
  ok but lets just say nuclear power is the future ok ? 
  i mean we only have to deal with minor inconveniences like nuclear waste products that continue to radiate for thousands of years . 
  i 'm not saying nuclear power is wrong it 's just not ready yet . 
  my own country is also being led around by populists , no shit . 
  if you listen to them it 's exactly the same lies every time . 
  unfortunately , you can find gullible idiots in any country . 
  if you want democracy you need to vote responsibly and not get swayed by lies of populists . 
  yes because fukushima is all about body counts and not about enviromental damage lasting decades or latent effects of radioactivity exposure . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/mar/29/uk-is-failing-to-take-fair-share-of-syrian-refugees-says-oxfam those 1000 refugees sure managed to piss some people off . 
  28 members states and only the uk exits surely thats merkels fault . 
  i 'd like to see a citation please  fukushima shows that even in the most extreme conditions a nuclear disaster is less deadly than a coal mine . 
  are you thinking before you spout shit on the internet ? 
  i would suggest to, 
  lol classic you american get a boner every time you either hear freedom or independance . 
  let me tell you something uk voting to leave the eu is akin to washington or any other state voting to leave the usa . 
  would you be proud of washington too ? 
  we may not be a federal union but the idea is the same . 
  united we stand . 
  divided we fall . 
  of course i can only speak for what i 've seen in austria . 
  `` you would be surprised what my final form is capable of '' - nobert hofer, 
  imo the main problem is the media ( particularly main stream newspapers targeting more `` common '' folks ) feasts on any criminal activity from foreigners/refugees . 
  combined with right-populist approach of the party people literally think austria would be doomed if we did n't `` shut all doors '' . 
  ( source : news/fb comments ), 
  `` a good spicy kebap always burns twice '' - adolf hitler ( confirmed ),
