  kremlin 's major concern is that russian were treated fairly relatively to the rest of population . 
   perhaps you remember a russian media campaign against estonia in 2006/2007 that culminated in russians rioting . 
  it was organized by russia using their state tv and publications with support of local nashi chapters here and according to the hacked e-mails russian nashi organization sent over 600 russian youths to come to estonia to riot with all expenses paid . 
  if you mean the rellocation of the bronze soldier that whole story was n't pretty . 
  estonian politicians perfectly knew that relocation of that monument would cause an outrage among russian populatiion and still went for it . 
  i condemn the involvment of russian progovernmental organisations but i still think it 's not the story that you should set as an example . 
   also there is really no difference in rights based on ethnicity in estonia . 
  massive amount of immigrants were sent to estonia during the soviet occupation and they were n't granted automatic citizenship , but had a really easy way to gain citizenship by a simple language exam . 
  i do n't see this as `` uneuropean '' in any way . 
  what was bad was the situation before where locals were forced to learn the language of privileged master race immigrants so they could just move to a country without learning the language . 
  it was the same for every soviet republic . 
  people of different nationalities could settle wherever they prefered to but all countries except few chosen ones gave a full citizenship to people who wanted it . 
  it is just a thing from soviet past that you have to overcome . 
  let 's drink to mutual love then !, 
   russians in the baltics are treated better than russians in russia . 
  but they have less rights and , frankly i do n't understand it . 
  eu is all about equality of rights . 
   that is why russians from russia seek ways to immigrate to the baltics . 
  generally people try to immigrate to west europe or us . 
  those who go to the baltic states either have busiiness in russia or do n't want to go very far from russia and they live in both countries . 
   what your kremlin needs is them to be an angry force to be used to harm these countries when it suits kremlin purposes how exactly did those people harm baltic countries ? 
  can you give an example ? 
   your comment was pretty ignorant well , from my point of view the idea that russia wants to occupy baltic states is ignorant too . 
  we are in the same boat here . 
   your soviet union nostalgist leaders putin said himself : `` those who want to bring back the soviet union have no mind '' . 
  how is he a nostalgist ? 
   / r/russia users are n't as logical as you are . 
  well , good luck finding one , that would say that occupation of baltic states is a good idea . 
   russia is like a japanese cartoon highschcool girl 's archetype well , the only thing that really bothers russians is the way how you treat russians because there are a lot of russians living in other former soviet republcs and russia does n't want that they were treated badly . 
  and anyway , if you do n't want associate yourself with oppresive soviet regime why do you continue acting alike ? 
   if you do n't , then why do you keep bothering us for twenty five years straight ?!, 
  why do you keep bothering us then if you do n't want to have anything to do with russia ? 
   has n't stopped them before \u00af _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af well , true . 
  but i think the situation with demographics was better back then . 
  seriously though , nobody wants to spread communism or any ideology any more . 
   putin sure thinks about it he is a pragmatic man . 
  he wants to stay in power and capturing any state would collapse the russian economy . 
  plus , it 's obviously more beneficial to trade with you . 
   why do you point out soviet ? 
  well , i did n't mean to offend you , it 's just when someone calls you an * ignorant fuck * , you do n't really give too much thought about your choice of words . 
  but all right , if you find it offensive , i will delete that part . 
  look at a post below , please . 
   you could pay yourselves by not whitewashing the man . 
  who is whitewashing him ? 
  a big museum about gulags has opened in moscow recently . 
  and i have n't seen senior officials trying to hide his crimes . 
  putin is a big solzhenitsyn fan after all . 
   i find it heartbreaking how the russians have been conditioned to treat stalin as some misunderstood hero . 
  some people sure do , but it 's due to confusion because of collapse of ussr . 
  russia has lost too much since then and when you ca n't be proud of the present you start dwelling on the past . 
  it will go away eventually . 
   pluss 6 million somewhat brainy people as workers half of which are people over 60 . 
  and a 2/3 of the other half would rather prefer to live in hell than in russia . 
  so by what standart exactly it is a gain ? 
   pluss resources yeah , famous resources of baltic states . 
  the whole world is jelaous and just waiting for a chance to seize them . 
   pluss information what ? 
  what is this even supposed to mean ? 
  information how to brew riga balsam ? 
   ydarn1k is an ignorant fuck . 
  i love you too , brother . 
   baltic sea port we 've got 3 big ones in st. petersburg and one more in kaliningrad , that ' more than enough , especially in * baltics * . 
   land connection to kaliningrad kaliningrad has been fine without any land connection for 24 years now . 
  why all of sudden we would need it now ? 
   expanded influence zone i am confused now . 
  are we gon na capture baltic states or influence them ? 
   one less nato country bordering russia that might be the case only if you hosted nuclear weapons and several divisions of nato troops . 
  you do n't and the current nato forces that are presented in your country do n't pose any threat to us . 
  russians suffered the most from stalin 's purges . 
  so who will pay us ? 
  georgia ? 
   is greatest thing that protects us from russian claws . 
  my god , do you seriously think russia needs your swamps and forests ? 
   ... the plane may have been shot down by ukraine in a failed attempt to assassinate vladimir putin , in a plot which was organised by ukraine 's `` western backers '' . 
  [ 281 ] [ 282 ] if you click on the links you will find out that first article is in polish and the second one does n't mention this ridiculous idea at all . 
  somebody have been editting wikipedia hard . 
   transaero transaero went bankrupt . 
   basically every russian media outlet at some point or another blamed some western organisation for the event . 
  every russian media outlet ? 
  sure there were some yellow outlets that blamed cia/zog/massons / reptiloids . 
  but major media never mentioned western organizations or countries as somebody responsible for the crash . 
   there is a reason two rt journalists resigned live on air in relation to the lies they were knowling spreading in relation to mh17 . 
  only one journalist did resign due to the crash . 
   i 'm not going to discuss this any further , sorry . 
  so basically you have nothing to support your accusations and you 're leaving ? 
  well , that 's an honest move . 
  the journalist that resigned from rt said : `` there is bias against russia but you do n't counter wrong by doing even more wrong . '', 
  that 's what you are doing right now . 
   russian government officials and it 's state owned media outlets continually blamed nato , the us , the eu and ukraine for the downing of mh17 there were some officials that expressed some theories about the crash , but i ca n't remember anybody blaming nato , us or eu . 
  only ukraine . 
  and as far as i remeber , official kremlin never accused anybody directly . 
  by whatabout i meant mh17 , which is undoubtedly a horrible tradegy but it has nothing to do with the crash of airbus a321 in egypt . 
   i 'm not trying to excuse anyone , i 'm simply stating the russian governments response to the downing of mh17 was the complete opposite of there own response to the downing of the metrojet airbus 321 . 
  how is it different ? 
  kremlin said the same about mh17 crash - that it is too early too draw conclusions before the official investigation is over . 
  and here it is - allmighty whatabout . 
  do n't project your perception of the world on everybody around you . 
   i consider any such nation-specific phobia dumb . 
  it kinda contradicts you first post where you said :  the only good thing is they are virulently anti-russian could you clarify your position ? 
   but reactions to powers mostly come from their actions .
