  and what happened to vkontakte ? 
   naive = ( of a person or action ) showing a lack of experience , wisdom , or judgement in other words 90 % of r/europe . 
  so blocking a site that , let 's say , contained info how to carry a concealed gun into the school building without security noticing and shoot everybody in the class will also make you sad ? 
   does reddit have porn yes  or racial extrimism yes you can even find here groups of isis supporters if you know how to search . 
   twitter was then blocked twice by russia both in 2014 you dont see ireland censoring people all the time what people were censored ? 
  as for now sites were blocked for posting illegal in russia information , and then were immediately unblocked after deleting it . 
  i know that , but both reddit and github that use https protocol are perfectly accessible from russia without using proxies . 
  so what all the fuss is about ? 
  if you do n't care why did you even bother yourself answering in the first place ? 
  yet another one who sees a putin behind every corner . 
  is it some new medical condition ? 
  so how am i posting anything here without using proxies ? 
  only some pages of github , not the whole site . 
  naive is the second name of r/europe, 
  are you saying that if russian government does n't like some website it takes over the company that owns it and deletes anything displeasant ? 
  firsly , access was blocked only to some pages . 
  secondly , to me `` illegal drugs advice '' is a pretty good reason to block a site . 
  and lastly , i 've never had any troubles accessing reddit and i have one of the biggest isp in russia , so i ca n't tell anything about it . 
  total bs . 
  give me a single example of a site that was blocked due to `` foreign funding '' . 
  so far all the blocked sites were either advocating radical extrimism or they contained porn ( though i do n't understand the reason of blocking these ) . 
  is the majority of baltic states ' population is pro-russian oriented russians ? 
   russian army and nkvd participated in german agression against poland and caused up to 6 million of polish civillians to die during second world war poland army particiapated in german agression against czechoslovakia . 
  you want to say that poland participated in the holocaust there that followed shortly after , right ? 
  and for the brief period of march 1939 - august 1939 poland was an ally of nazi germany and an axis country ? 
   soviets did the same thing for germans after world war 2 , enlighten me please on soviet union putting geman civillian population in concetration camps after the end of wwii . 
  some link , maybe ? 
  both soviet union and finland did wrong . 
  both are to blame . 
   what could have caused the finns to hate soviets so much so much that letting children starve to death and creating concetration camps for russian population in karelia seemed a good idea ? 
  i do n't know . 
   you know where the name for molotov cocktail comes from ? 
  when soviet union ( foreign minister molotov ) declared to `` help their starving finnish neighbours with humantarian food drops '' in 1939 , they actually bombed finnish capital helsinki several times . 
  such a friendly act indeed . 
  finns called these `` molotov bread baskets '' and decided to return the favour with `` molotov cocktails '' as their `` humanitarian aid '' towards their eastern neighbours . 
  i know about this but do you seriously compare genocide with limited bombings ? 
   anyway , finland 's participation in the siege was minimal and only happened because of germany 's pressure . 
  you do know that among finnish people and politicians were [ nazi supporters ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_finland ) , right ? 
  soviet union invasion was n't justified , i do n't argue with this . 
  but on the other hand soviet union did n't make a million of finnish civillians die of slow painful death . 
  i live at st. petersburg and i heard stories of those who survived the siege ( children at that time ) firsthand . 
  it was a nightmare . 
  stalin did n't really need any pretext to attack finland . 
  it 's not like somebody was gon na force him out of the office . 
  official version was finland attacked first . 
  but the real reason was that northern border with finland was just few kilometers away from leningrad - russia 's ex-capital and one of the biggest industrial centers in ussr . 
  finland army participated in siege of lenigrad ( st. petersburg ) that caused up to to a million of civillians to die of starvation . 
  finland is considered an ally of nazi germany and an axis country in russia . 
  i 've read some history , it seems that 2ch . ru was created on the same site engine ( wakaba ) as 2ch . net and they decided to keep the name , but it mostly was influenced by russian 4chan users . 
  then 2ch . ru was closed by his creator for whatever reasons and some time later 2ch . hk was opened keeping the same name to attract previous 2ch . ru users . 
  yeah , 2ch . hk is a famous imageboard in russia . 
  although , techincally speaking its server is in costa-rica and it has hong kong domen name . 
  wow , for the first time i am being downvoted this hard . 
  hey guys , just expressing my opinion here . 
  feel free to answer . 
  i think a thread about her appeared somewhere on russian version of 4chan like 2ch or nulchan . 
  seriously , if you attract trolles by your actions , you can kinda expect that . 
  have you read the article titile ? 
  it says : `` ukraine is in danger of becoming a failed state '' , not `` ukraine is becoming a failed state '' or `` ukraine is a failed state '' . 
  this means there exists a possibility that ukraine may become a falied state if it does n't start reforming its economy . 
   we can exist without russian wise guidance and imperial greatness but you ca n't exist without transit of our gas that gives you 2-3 $ bln annually . 
  since our economy heavily depends on it too it 's a matter of ** our national security ** . 
  you have to accept that while gas is being transported through your terriotory ~ ~ and while your president makes money on selling candies to us ~ ~ russia will at least have some limited influence on your government . 
   anti-imperialism is almost non-existent . 
  they still want russian empire , just a bit more enlightened . 
  so any criticism of ukrainian government is by default a russian imperialisitc propaganda ? 
  people who created mirotvorets website used the similar logic , you know . 
   you are mistaking your subjective view with the subjective view others have . 
  i realize you have an opinion , and you are entitled to it . 
  i understand it too . 
  dont think that everyone agrees with you . 
  many dont and if you were to ask the non-russian victims of russia you might be surprised by their subjective view . 
  i perfectly understand it . 
  if someone who lost his relative in katyn massacre would claim russia is a country of evil , it would impossible for me to convince him otherwise and he would be right in his own way . 
   ussr was not much different . 
  it was also a peasant country where majority lived in poverty under trict rulership of few chosen ones . 
  all that happened is the aristocracy was replaced by a communist bureaucracy . 
  well , at least ussr built schools , hospitals , roads and power plants . 
  absolute majority of the people were still treated like shit , but at least the all the basic needs were provided . 
   and i agree the russian people havent benefitted from imperialism which is why i dont get why they still support it and look at past imperialism so fondly . 
  i mean i do get it , nationalism . 
  the benefit goes to a small elite and the russian people suffer , but nationalism makes them feel proud . 
  there is a mentality where they would choose to be poorer if they can feel significant in world events and proud of their country being strong . 
  i do n't understand those people who support russian empire too . 
  i mean i do get those ussr nostalgists , because ussr did achieve some amazing things in science and engineering , although people had to stand in lines to buy toilet paiper , but at least it 's understandable . 
  but russian empire ? 
  it was an archaic backward shithole in my opinion . 
   the thing is the russian people support these empires . 
  yes , they bleed for them and dont get the benefits but they proudly fight other countries to control them or occupy them . 
  they look proudly on the conquest and glorify it . 
  i suspect a lot of it is because the elites control media and education and promote this , not because russians are violent . 
  it could happen anywhere , but they still do it . 
  well , what do you suggest ? 
  exchange all the history books with sheets of paper saying : `` whole your history you 've been fucked by your rulers , so relax and go home '' ? 
  you do n't bleed for nothing and you have to be proud of at least something . 
  plus there are things that russians did achieve , it just happens that the rulers of that times were able to capitalize on those achievments by creating peronality cults like `` good tsar '' or `` father of all peoples '' . 
  and it went on in history this way . 
   russia has had revolutions but never the revolution it needed . 
  all that has happened is russia replaced one corrupt elite with another corrupt elite , all of them worse than the other . 
  and russians feel a lot of anger at others , mainly former occupied states , nato , eu , europe , and america but i feel this anger is really from how they are fucked over by their own elite who misdirect their anger .
