  and all of sudden russians are the ones that should pay . 
  why ? 
  see my previous post addressed to you . 
   ragequit well , i feel no rage . 
  you were making some baseless accusations and illogical statements to provoke me . 
  i 've just decided not to answer . 
   atrocity apologism i do n't even understand what it means . 
   being in nato does n't move all nato armies here magically , these countries are still going to war in case baltic states are attacked wheter it 's sweden , russia or alien invasion . 
  this is what nato is all about - an alliance , is n't it ? 
   i googled around a bit , this seems to be thorough summary on how russians have changed their military in the region up to summer of 2014 the article is about general reorganisation and modernization of russian army , which was decaying for 17 years straigth . 
  to make a conclusion that all of this is done because russia wants to conquer baltic states is illogical in my opinion . 
  but let 's look at the numbers , shall we ? 
  we have only one infantry brigade in the vicinity of such a huge city like st. petersburg . 
  this is more than enough to defend narva-st . petersburg road in case of an attack but it 's clearly not enough to conduct an offensive against a whole country . 
  you ca n't really count in artillery and missile brigades because they can only support an offensive not attack directly . 
  in the pskov region we have one vdv division and and two brigades which is more serious force at a first glimpse , but vdv division ca n't also conduct an offensive on it 's own because it 's very light equipped in order to be able to be parashuted where it 's needed . 
  two other brigades are stretched along a potential front of nearly two hundred kilometers . 
  it 's not really the force that can capture countries . 
  and i am not even mentioning kaliningrad forces that would be in no position to begin any offensive operation since they 're literally surrounded by nato . 
  main forces of western military district that theoretically could carry out such an operation are located around moscow and its satellite cities . 
  if i were you i would only start to worry if they are relocated to an area of close proximity to your borders . 
  unless then you have nothing to worry about . 
  see my previous post addressed to you . 
  you know , i could see your other posts too . 
  i wo n't answer to a troll . 
  well , this is exactly what i meant except i would n't call sa and uae population poor . 
   us maybe , not baltics baltic countries are in the nato . 
  did n't you know ? 
   well , duh some link , maybe ? 
   they 've even awarded themselves website of the year . 
  xd as we say in russia : `` if you do n't praise yourself , who else will praise you ? '', 
   so why do you act as if prepearing is completely paranoid and as if your country never has had any interest in invading baltics ? 
  because nato already outmatches russia in every aspect including the fact that total military budget of nato countries is nearly twenty times more than russian military budget . 
   because this supposed counterreaction is out of proportion to anything that could realisticaly be precived as a threat how so ? 
  have we moved massive amount of troops to the baltic borders or relocated northern fleet to baltics ? 
  have we created large amounts of military bases and supply depots near baltic countries ? 
  you know that without these things a succesive military campaign is impossible , right ? 
  afaik , muslim brotherhood has deep roots among non-royal population of sa and uae . 
  so it 's not really terrorism they are worried about . 
  i do n't understand how you dodge an aa rocket . 
  they can maneuver with 20g overloads and even if they miss they still blow up anyway to hit the plane with the fragments . 
  it 's almost an impossible task even for a fighter jet and if you 're locked on it probably means that you are dead . 
  so in my opinion either the story is exaggerated or it was a ballistic or a \u0441ruise missile that accidentaly happened to fly near civilian planes ' routes . 
   closed minded insistence well , i guess not everybody has a great mind like yours . 
   russian government . 
  well , current russian government has nothing to do with what happened . 
  stalin crimes were exposed and codemned during soviet times and even soviet union itself is long gone . 
  the only official representative of soviet union left is gorbachev and trying to sue him is , well ... kinda stupid . 
   hitler was austrian but german 's who got reparations got them from german government . 
  actually austria did pay reparations to the soviet union too . 
   and russians are entitled to get something for what happened . 
  it would be virtually impossible to find all relatives of those who was killed and tortured in gulag camps or was affected by stalin 's crimes in any other way . 
   russia is bothered by baltics not being in their control . 
  i am tired of repeating the same over and over . 
  control over baltic states does n't give russia any strategic advantage . 
  in fact it does n't give russia anything at all except maybe very annoyed population . 
   finish the quote `` people in russia say that those who do not regret the collapse of the soviet union have no heart , and those that do regret it have no brain . 
  we do not regret this , we simply state the fact and know that we need to look ahead , not backwards . 
  we will not allow the past to drag us down and stop us from moving ahead . 
  we understand where we should move . 
  but we must act based on a clear understanding of what happened . . '' https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/vladimir_putin  invade these lands several times throughout history well , `` those lands '' invaded us too . 
  see livonian campaign against rus and polish-lithuanian commowealth . 
   it does n't hurt to prepare just in case . 
  why does n't almost everybody in the eu understand that russia may also * feel threatened by nato * , because nato is so much more powerful and richer than russia . 
  so we also prepare . 
  just in case . 
   i would n't really take everything putin says at face value . 
  i would n't really take anything that any politician say as truth whether it 's putin , obama or merkel . 
  but you have to believe at least something . 
  i do n't really believe him when he talks about the current situation , but i tend to belive him when he expresses his feelings towards some historical events . 
   let me guess - we bother you by existing and doing whetever we want ? 
  well , if by exsisting your mean helping chechen terrorists to hide and hosting kavkaz-center like sites that openly call on terror against russia then yes , it bothers us . 
   statistics ? 
  you do know that most of the russians who left were in accordance to the mutual treaty between the russian federation and the baltic states ? 
  well , i meant `` a lot of russians who are living '' , not `` leaving '' . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
   for example ? 
  not giving some people fundamental democratic rights ? 
   i mean especially excuses for invasions and occupations that your gov and its medias repeats after communist propaganda . 
  care to provide an example of this ? 
   could you give some examples on how we 're doing it ? 
  how about reading the article ? 
   russians in estonia did n't care about the bronze soldier before kremlin chose it as their tool of choice to harm estonia . 
  i had the impression that statue symbolized the equality in rights of russians and estonians . 
   at the same time that statue in tallinn was moved from a bus stop to a military cemetery few km away similar statues in russia were thrown to garbage dumps to make room for new supermarket . 
  well , unlike estonia we in russia may build new statues to the heroes of the war againt nazis . 
  the probability of this happenning in estonia is close to zero . 
   as for people being allowed to settle wherever they preferred - that is just bullshit . 
  it is true . 
  as long as you could get a job you were free to go wherever you want . 
  that 's how a lot of multinational families were created all over russia 's and other fromer soviet republics territories . 
   movement of people was strictly controlled and estonia and latvia were deliberately targeted by mass immigration i know that a lot of people went there because it was simply nicer there in a lot aspects like climate and variety of goods . 
  baltic states were some kind of showcase of ussr . 
  you have n't seen how rest of the ussr lived ( except maybe few major cities ) . 
  it was n't pretty . 
   immigrants receiving large privileges over natives . 
  i ca n't neither deny it nor confirm it since i do n't have the information . 
  what were those priveleges ? 
   few russian people are bitter and long for the days of when they were the master race dominating over the natives majority of russians never considered themselves as some kind of master race . 
   kremlin encourages and fuels this stop seeing enemies and conspiracies around every corner .
