  you are partially right . 
  why only partially ? 
  because nato countries make so many mistakes and wrongful actions that it 's quite easy for the government to direct the people anger at them . 
  for example in the 90-s a lot of russians really thought that europe and us are our friends and soon we would become allies . 
  right untill the moment when nato started bombing belgrade . 
   the sad thing is russia could have the glory it craves while not being poor if it tackled its domestic problems if only that was easy . 
   i wish i had a solution for russia , but i really dont . 
  generally revolutions make things worse . 
  if putin was overthrown tomorrow i fear his successor would be worse . 
  a lot of educated russians think the same . 
  that 's why everybody votes for him . 
  well , you may have a point . 
  in fact , you are right . 
  if you look down from some higher objective level - yes , there was a russian empire that turned into soviet empire that later turned into russian federation . 
  these are objective facts and it 's pointless to argue with them . 
  but humans do n't act out of some objective universal laws . 
  their thinking is highly subjective . 
  if you look at this matter from this subjective view you would see something different . 
  russian empire was a peasant country where absolute majority of people lived in poverty under the strict rulership of few chosen ones , then there was revolution and a bloody civilian war , then an even more oppresive rulership arose and again few chosen ones start to rule the rest of the others without any limits . 
  absolute majority of russians never really profitted from being those mega empires . 
  quite on the contrary in fact - ambitions of the leaders of those empires sucked a lot of strenghts , blood and money from people . 
  so in case russia is to pay reparations for soviet crimes i am 100 % sure that as usual simpe people would get all the main heat . 
  looking from a russian perspective it seems kinda ... unfair ? 
   it was russia . 
  ussr was run by russia with a few colloborattors in other counties against will of people . 
  well , from where i stand russia , formerly known as rsfsr , was only a part of ussr . 
  ussr was an international entity ruled by international communist party . 
  it 's true that rsfsr played a bigger part in ussr politics than any other former soviet republic , but still it was only a part . 
   same thing happened when nazis invaded russia . 
  some russians worked with nazi occupiers that does n't mean russia pays for nazi crimes . 
  well , all those people who collaborated with the nazis were hunted down and eventually payed with their lives . 
  you ca n't really demand anything more from them . 
   hitler was elected to a position in wiemar republix . 
  he was n't elected as dictator of nazi germany . 
  he undemocratically ended the republic and forced himself as dictator . 
  oh please , this is bullshit . 
  they voted for him already after he wrote * mein kampf * . 
  what did they expect ? 
  that he would suddenly change from an agressive nationalist to a rainbow unicorn ? 
   * i am for reperstions if russia is recipient but if russian government is the one paying i am against * my position is that russia should pay but only for the crimes it is solely responsible for . 
   and i even get this from a nationalist point of view i am a rationalist , not a nationalist . 
   i never said russia is bad . 
  i never said you said it . 
  i 've just pointed out that there are some formats of discussions that wo n't lead to anyhing positive . 
   russia committed atrocities and there is no denying that . 
  and again it was n't only russia . 
  belorussian nkvd and government of belorussian ssr consisted of belorussians , ukrainian nkvd and government of ukrainian ssr consisted of ukrainians etc. 
  it is stalin and internationalistic communist party that are guilty and they no longer exist . 
   hitler was forced on germans it does n't excuses germany for what nazis did . 
  he was n't forced , he was elected . 
  germans let themselves be fooled into believing that they are some kind of super race and some other races and nationalities are not worthy of existing . 
   furthermore russia government paying victims is n't russia paying itself . 
  it is owning up to what it did and giving some help to victims . 
  well , if you speaking about direct victims of repressions then in russia they get preferencial treatment and increased pensions plus some small social payments . 
   a treaty is just a piece of paper - if russia gains full control of the region before the rest of nato gets involved , they may chicken out , just like the west did after wwii . 
  after all russia has nukes . 
  well , i ca n't argue with this . 
  but what would be an end goal of this move ? 
  gain a territory that does n't give any strategic advantage with population that does n't want to live in russia and have the rest of the world openly hostile towards russia ? 
   and anyway i do n't see a point to continue this disccusion , i think i have explained how it looks from our point of view clearly enough it is lack of discussion that leads to physical conflicts . 
  in russia this situation is viewed by majority of the population like this : nato is so much richer and stronger than russia and it 's strengtening its forces in the baltics and since russia is n't going to attack baltic states the only possible reason for this is that nato is planning on something against russia , so we should prepare and fortify our defences . 
  this is a vicious cycle . 
   sure then what are you worried about ? 
  is russia able to capture baltic states ? 
  yes . 
  can it hold it if whole nato is going to war with russia ? 
  not very long . 
  so what would be a point of such a war ? 
  attack and loose just because we can ? 
  sure , some russian government officials love to troll nato countries but not to this extent . 
  edit : accidentaly deleted a part of the post  we should n't take it seriously and not act to ensure there are enough nato forces in the region to balance out what russia has . 
  well , any forces that nato will locate in baltics will never balance out the russian military potential . 
  in * highly improbable * case of a war all of your territory can be reached with any kind of rockets that we have . 
  any nato military forces would be destroyed long before russian main forces cross the borders . 
  the only thing that matters is what happens after and it 's a war with 25 countries including us . 
  it 's insanity . 
   you are answering ...  and you arent even denying what i said . 
  i am not arguing because it basically impossible to argue with some things , like : `` russia is bad . '', 
  `` why is it bad ? '', 
  `` because it 's bad . '', 
  it 's nearly impossible to keep up a productive conversation in such a format . 
  your previous ( preprevious , actually ) post contained too much anger towards russia for whatever reasons . 
  it may be justified or unjustified , i do n't know , but no matter what i answer to you are still gon na throw some accusations . 
  so i rejected to continue * only * that kind of discussion . 
   if you dont want russia to pay for its crime the thing is russia is not a person . 
  there are some historical figures in russian history that are responsible for the crimes you are reffering to . 
  unlike germans russians were n't asked whether they wanted stalin or not . 
  he usurped power and immediately created an oppresive machine based on propaganda . 
  in fact some people tried to resist , there was a plot in the 30-s and red army uprisings in 1945-1946 . 
  it all ended in bloody mess and everyone involved was shot or sent to gulag camps . 
   russia should pay russians too and not just other countries . 
  in my opinion , russia paying to russians is almost the same as russians paying to themselves . 
  and as i said by now there are tens of millions of relatives of those who suffered . 
  how would you find them all ? 
  how can you check among those millions whether the person is truly a relative or just pretends to be one of them ? 
  a whole lifetime has passed since then . 
   i dont see why that provokes you it does n't provoke me . 
  i just find it kinda illogical . 
  russians suffered as much as other nations . 
  during ussr russians lived in the same ( if not worse ) conditions than all former soviet baltic republics .
