propaganda like russian soldiers on the crimea well , to be fair they were always there . 
   russian soldiers and weapons in the east of the ukraine western media found them long before they appeared there . 
  and in much larger quantities than there were . 
  at some point almost all rebels were called `` russian troops '' . 
  but then they finally sent journalists over there . 
  what about austria , yugoslavia , partially china ? 
  plus as for the ex-axis countries i do n't see a problem of keeping influence over them . 
  they attacked the soviet union after all . 
   according to british intelligence it is more than that one instance . 
  first of all us intellegence and not `` according to '' but `` will examine whether '' :  the us intelligence review will examine whether russian security services are funding parties and charities with the intent of `` undermining political cohesion '' , fostering agitation against the nato missile defence programme and undermining attempts to find alternatives to russian energy . 
  the article itself is full of opinions and does n't state a single fact . 
  it 's hilarious to read that the following  russian influence has also been detected in a referendum in the netherlands next april over whether to block the eu 's closer relations with ukraine . 
  sources said arguments deployed in support of the referendum `` closely resembled '' known russian propaganda . 
  is given as the proof of kremlin struggle to disintegrate europe . 
   also suspicious how only the far right european party leaders came out to witness the crimean `` referendum '' . 
  almost as if they were doing putin a favor . 
  pluralism is suspisious now ? 
  now , i do n't deny the possibility of kremlin inolvment into funding of far right parties but please provide something solid not just some opinions of `` think-tanks '' . 
   russian information war against germany is new russian participation in information war against germany is new . 
  russian propaganda started targeting other countries soon after 888 war , because the conflict received prowestern coverage worldwide . 
  i guess that was the moment when putin realized that russia completely lacks so called soft power . 
  on the other hand western propaganda did n't stop for a second even after the collapse of ussr . 
  the `` bad russians '' narrative was always dominant among liberal media in us and europe . 
   why putin now decided to burn his last bridge ... no idea maybe , simply because internal `` pros '' outweighted external `` cons '' ? 
  before crimean `` adventure '' putin 's support was around 50 % and declining , soon after 80 + % and rising . 
  a loan of non-governmental bank can hardly be described as direct funding . 
  and even if it can it 's a party not parties as you claimed . 
  because they did n't liberate anything ? 
   funny that you give an example of a country that was run by a madman dictator that committed genocide as an example of how bad the west . 
  it 's not funny it 's sad . 
  countries were controlled by dictators . 
  some tough shit happened from time to time - no argue there , but at least people lived peacfully . 
  then the west decided that it knows better what those countries need , intervened and everything went to shit . 
   you 're right , it 's not about development models , it 's about the fact that russia is run by an autocratic regime with no free press that uses propaganda extensively to justify and prop up the one man one party regime of vladimir putin . 
  the west does n't even have to use propaganda for people to know how shitty the state of affairs is in russia , because the system is self-defeating and toxic on its own with no help from anyone else , as we can plainly see . 
  putin 's authoritarianism goes up , russia goes down . 
  ca n't explain that . 
  ( actually you can , you just have to wan na hear it ) . 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  is it something personal you have with russia ? 
   would n't want any democratic changes coming about . 
  oh , sweet western democracy . 
  once you try it , you ca n't get enough . 
  just ask the middle east . 
   although with 140 % approval i have no doubt putin would win of course he would . 
  but it 's not really the point here , the fact that somebody tells you whom to elect is . 
  please , facts not opinions . 
   that little fact is often forgotten . 
  really now ? 
  to my knowledge it 's brought up every time the discussion about wwii starts . 
  on the other hand the fact that poles participated in the division of chezchoslovakia and occupied part of lithuania and therefore were aggressors themselves does often gets forgotten . 
   `` west is just as bad '' . 
  it is n't , in no regard . 
  yeah , just ask libya and iraq . 
  anyway , this is n't an arguement about whose development model is better . 
  this is about whether both sides try to influence each other or just one of them . 
  sure . 
  see this white-blue-red flag just left of my name ? 
  it means that putin pays me personally to defend russia in r/europe . 
  why , they are connected . 
  it just that it has zero connection to the information war that did n't stop for a minute since the cold war . 
  so , do you want to say that germany is still to be held responsible for wiping out more than 20 millions of russians ? 
  as the crimean operation of 2014 . 
  anyway , i said `` techincally speaking '' , did n't i ? 
   just some days ago russian media said merkel made a selfie with one of the brussels terrorists . 
  i searched and found mention of this in only the most yellow media that makes money on shocking headlines . 
  and of course lifenews that posts any shit it could find . 
   also there was the whole lena incident that was completely organised by russian media and politicians . 
  i 'm confused . 
  you keep calling her lena , although her name is lisa are we are talking about the same story here ? 
  i do n't see how your anger post is anyway relevant to the conversation here . 
  and where did i defend putin or even said that i like him ? 
  only russian ngo are scarse , underfunded and non-influental unlike their western counterparts . 
   merkel 's best friends are in the mafia well , her buddy sarkozy was involved into corruption scandal , was n't he ? 
   germany invaded crimea technically speaking , it did . 
   the ng in ngo is for non government ... 
  various governments have used ngos to push their agenda for ages . 
   as for what is our lena not a single lena in the article . 
   type it in google aswell . 
  the only solid fact that i found is the loan given to the marine le pens party . 
  but since the bank was `` non-governmental '' following you narrative there are no examples of russian involvment into financing right parties . 
  well , look at how many ngos with foreign funding were active in russia before the law that required them to proclaim themselves as `` foreign agents '' was introduced . 
  so again , this goes both ways . 
  btw , what 's `` our lena '' and which right parties in germany were financed by russia ? 
  when european or american sponsored media like radio svoboda or deutche welle try to push their agenda in russia it 's completely normal , but when russian media do the same it 's propaganda . 
  i 'm not saying that russian state owned media are trustworthy . 
  it just seems ridiculous to read that russia is the only bad guy here . 
  no , it was n't . 
  if you know russian check rbc and kommersant . 
  well , to be fair russian media do report panama leaks . 
  not all of them though . 
  or a sun clock in the shadow . 
  that 's just how it is . 
  see a russian defending russia - put a minus , and does n't matter what that person thinks of putin or some policies he conducts . 
  you get used to this . 
  this is a strange point of view , because i do n't see logic behind it , but all right , let 's agree to disagree . 
  and thanks for praising me , man . 
  i know i am awesome , but it 's always nice when somebody reminds me of that . 
  nobody took over lenta.ru , owner was never changed .
