  call someone a racist enough and he will start voting like one . 
  whenever you are not 100 % supportive of mass migration you get called a racist , called heartless etc. . . 
  including on the national medias . 
  i think some people are really fed up with that so they will vote for the party they see as the most `` anti-establishment '' . 
  french fn 's new voters generally see their vote as anti-eu ( the migrant crisis , merkel bossing other smaller countries around , the brexit etc. . . ) . 
  also the fn are pretty opposed to the `` new cold war '' with russia , they would rather we work with russia than isolating them . 
  and of course there is a part of genuinely racist people . 
  so while waiting for the actual solution , let 's do absolutly nothing ? 
  `` i know i am right so everyone who dares not agreeing with me is an immature idiot / racist . '', 
  yeah you totally sound like a grown-up person with great experience of life , that 's definitly what i read from your comment . 
  she probably has a fuckton of advisers proof reading every word she said for anything that could backfire . 
  i have a hard time believing no one stopped and thought `` well , i read your speech again and i think this sentence is going to grossly backfire '' . 
  they would have some serious rearming to do first . 
  not saying german army is useless but it is mainly a defensive force nowadays just like most euro armies . 
  i think there is a good pragmatic explanation somewhere . 
  not saying guilt plays absolutly no part but i would be suprised if it was just that . 
  yeah , as long as they have reasonable hope to reach germany or sweden they will just keep on coming . 
  some of them are already turning back and will no doubt spread the word at home that tempting the adventure is just a way to lose a couple thousand euros . 
  it may take a while and we definitly should support greece and italy in this but it may very well work . 
   she \u00b4 s pissed because she really really wants a mechanism of automatic redestribution of migrants in europe . 
  it will never happen . 
  wait , what ? 
  welcoming the migrants that made it to your border , i do n't really agree but i can at least understand but why in hell would you want more ? 
  i think the leading theory is that merkel wants cheap labour for her tycoon friends . 
  women , children and elderly would not make sense if that is the case . 
   or maybe join in now and make england great again  . 
  [ maybe you could build a big wall along your southern border to prevent the french rapists from invading you ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0te6t-ecmg ), 
  typical burgundy , traitor once , traitors forever . 
   since when is sending migrants back against the international law ? 
  do n't take my word for it but the problem is most of them make sure they throw away their id so you can not identify where they come from . 
  sending back people to a random country is illegal . 
  kadhafi 's case is even worse . 
  kadhafi was totally playing ball , he stopped the migrants and kept the islamists in check ( aka he persecuted them ) like he was asked to . 
  it is now pretty much certain that sarkozy insisted on getting rid of him because kadhafi had given money to have sarkozy elected and sarkozy wanted to make the proofs disappear . 
  smuggler hunting would be my guess . 
  they are not really sitting on their hands . 
  they are actually sometimes criticized for being too harsh . 
  interesting fact but hardly relevant with the issue we are discussing . 
  that 's your own interpretation and you are entitled to it . 
  i will just say that i do n't know . 
  no one ever said we would send anyone to uk . 
  what macron says is that the touquet agreement which puts the the border in france and makes french police responsible for policing uk 's borders by stopping the illegals who want to leave our country might no longer be applicable outside of the eu framework . 
  should that happen , we would not send anyone to anyone , we would just stop actively preventing them from leaving our country . 
  it 's not `` if you guys leave we will flood you with illegals as retaliation '' it 's more `` if you guys leave there is a possibility that we no longer can help you with this particular situation '' . 
  we do n't ignore it . 
  it is just impossible to determine where they come from . 
  if we were cut from the rest of eu and only had a tunnel going to germany linking us to the rest of the world we could but it 's not the case so as i said your argument does not work . 
  he says it is possible that this treaty is made unapplicable without the eu frame . 
  checked by who ? 
  i travelled quite a bit and not once was my id controlled by the local police as i exited the country , only when entering . 
  that 's how it works pretty much everywhere . 
  france is not the first safe country these people cross though so your argument does not work at all . 
   france should n't be letting them cross anyway . 
  we have 2751km of land borders with the rest of * mainland * eu , as opposed to uk 's 0km . 
  this is not an option . 
  the job of the french border police is to prevent people from entering france , failing that if someone is already in france and wants to leave it is no longer their job . 
  it is next country 's border police 's job . 
   you 're acting as if it 's some big favour , when a country should n't be sending , or allowing to cross , people who should n't be there anyway . 
  most countries can not reliably prevent a person from entering their territory if the person is motivated enough . 
  preventing people we do n't want here to cross even though they are willing to go away on their own accord is a big favour , especially since it effectively makes life hell for calais inhabitants . 
  i wish someone would do that for us but it is not possible because most of our borders do not consist in a tunnel entrance . 
  edit : added `` mainland '' to the first sentence since some people like to pretend they do n't get what i mean . 
   i 'd acknowledge that they are in france , and that the uk having borders that are n't entirely porous ( and yes , being an island helps with that ) means that there is little scope for onward movement , but that does n't mean that france ca n't act , nor indeed that france ca n't process or return those that have made it to france . 
  it is not possible to send them back . 
  most of them `` lose '' their passports and sending back someone to a random country is illegal . 
  they also refuse to be processed in france , they are adamant on the uk thing and do n't want to be processed anywhere else . 
  that 's why this situation is a stalemate basically . 
  ca n't process them , ca n't send them back . 
   how is the uk not being a friend ? 
  we have a good relationship with france , we have been working together in lots of areas outside the eu and within the eu ... yeah this part is weird . 
  of course uk leaving the eu does not mean we can not be friends anymore . 
  it 's pretty obvious that he is referring to governments . 
  do n't get your panties in a bunch . 
  for those interested , the status of `` t\u00e9moin assist\u00e9 '' ( assisted witness ) which is to my knowledge unique to france means you are accused of something by someone but that the judge does not think there are enough elements yet to lead to an arrest . 
  before that if someone claimed you did something wrong , the judge had to order an arrest so they could review whether there could be something to the allegations or not . 
  as a result it was sometimes used maliciously by some people who would make false claims to get back at people . 
  the `` t\u00e9moin assist\u00e9 '' status means you are not arrested but you have all the right a suspect ( defendant etc. . . ) just as if you were . 
  it allows you to stay free and live your life normally until it can be decided whether you are definitly innocent or there are sufficent elements to lead to an arrest and a trial . 
  in my experience the guys who claim the zionists are behind everything speak more like they would in the cit\u00e9s . 
  neither am i , even if he did not officially endorse him they hold such similar views that it pretty much went without saying . 
  i guess the prices of the israeli real estate is going to rise again . 
  what makes you assume that people say that to assure everyone that they are not nazis and not because they genuinely think it is shit ? 
  it is pretty much two third whining about things and one third ramblings about jews and the style itself is awful to read . 
  i do n't think it is unfair to say it is shit , nazi or not . 
  to be honest i think you were pretty much required to have one during the nazi regime . 
  i could make anything a best seller with this kind of pushy marketing . 
  if history taught us anything it is that any western boot on the ground in the middle east always results in more wars in the middle east in the long run . 
  they will always see us as invaders threatening their culture and traditions and following israel 's orders . 
  only thing we can realistically do is pick a side and support it from afar and hope it takes less than 20 years to blow over . 
  all hail the mighty polish-hungarian commonwealth . 
  even some us companies cooperated with the nazis and they were not even occupied . 
  north-european countries . 
  denmark sounds great but i will probably make them all eventually as i have a thing for cold places . 
  poland sounds nice , russia also is definitly in my to-do list . 
  i would like to go back to the us one day too , maybe do the east coast since i already did what i wanted to see in the south west . 
  do i have to disagree with you to participate in this conversation ? 
  of course they will be punished by their views by a part of voters . 
  this is how every election works for every party . 
  fn is pro-russia and russia is pro-fn .
