  you just do . 
  someone having the time of his life being trampled by girls in high heels apparently . 
  in france it is seriously ridiculous . 
  they give away medals to their friends and it is pretty annoying to me . 
  i was glad when the thalys guys got it because for once it was a good use of the l\u00e9gion d'honneur . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/authorized_foreign_decorations_of_the_united_states_military apparently some us high ranking officers got it during ww2 and it therefore got included in the green list . 
  wanted to point that out . 
  you did the job for me . 
  thank you for that , honorable stranger . 
  he would probably be allowed to wear it should he ask for it . 
  the danish order of the elephant is among the awards allowed on us uniforms , i do n't see why they would refuse this one . 
  * pretending to ignore that some religions cause more terrorism than others - check, 
   their contributions and sacrifices helped lead to the greatest country earth has ever seen you mean france , right ? 
  my bad !, 
  you seem very picky in terms of nationalists . 
  yeah , i ca n't believe how she will think it is going to help the brexit vote . 
  she should go to uk and support the remain vote if she really wants brexit to happen , it would be much better . 
  it 's impossible to find a good shepherd pie anywhere else . 
  marion is quite the looker . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  / r/france : ridiculously left wing paris based it guys share their half assed musings on society based on their ridiculously small experience of the world thinking it is incredibly well thought and insightful . 
  i generally go there to keep myself informed but only go skim through the comments from time to time to check whether it 's still shit or not . 
  also if you disagree with them you are a paid fn shill . 
  he is nothing like putin , his name is petrov , he is notoriously paranoid and hard to deal with and he throws his opposition in jail . 
  i really do n't see how you drew this parallele really . 
  yep , they pretty much made fundamentalism cool again in the muslim world . 
  it 's as if we had to ally with hitler to fight nazism because we know it would be even worse should we turn on him . 
  i think he is a competent politician and i think he has charisma . 
  if i was interested in voting les republicains i would probably want him as my candidate but this party allows way too many corrupt douchebags like sarkozy to get any vote from me . 
  [ war !, 
  war !, 
  war !, 
  we fucking love war !, 
   others spoke of the noise made by the pigs as they burned to death . 
  ` their cries were pitiful , ' one said . 
   awwww , that must of been hard to listen :'( the romans unleashed burning pigs on the battlefield in order to scare off enemy war elephants . 
  just to give idea of the noise a burning pig does . 
  it was a bacon joke . 
  it did make me smile . 
  yeah , it 's crazy that people keep citing this studies as if it was the gospel without even checking the source . 
  `` if it supports my pre-conceived notions , then it is good enough for me wherever it comes from . '', 
  reminds me in band of brothers when the us troops make the german citizens from the village next door pick up and bury the deads from the concentration camp they just liberated . 
   in interviews , the director explains how there are a bunch of parallels to his story and how we are treating immigrants right now . 
  so the migrants are the german soldiers with which we are supposed to sympathize ? 
  does he realize that at the time of the movie germany had just sent millions of soldiers to invade the rest of europe and that it makes the parallele awfully counter-productive ? 
  yeah , there has been some lack of communication in the past , i admit . 
  petain tried his best to help the second time but it was too late already , evil england had already involved its retarded child . 
  france of course !, 
  france has been telling for centuries that england is evil but no one listen to us !, 
  i was just answering / u/luxanna 's question . 
  `` he is a mentally troubled man , it has nothing to do with islam . '', 
  x-post / r/thathappened ? 
  that 's why culture and medias should not be merchandises like the others . 
  it 's funny , upon hearing that putin was among the panama papers personalities i immediatly thought `` he is going to say that he was the main target all along and that the others are just there so it does not seem like it '' . 
  typical vladimir vladimirovitch . 
  `` let the bloody hands pile up in the fields of africa '', 
  this is not sure at all . 
  many interpretations for this verse exist and not a single person alive can actually tell what it was actually meant to say for sure . 
  this one is just the most common interpretation . 
  generally you only sing one part of your anthem . 
  most anthems are full on songs that last minutes . 
  the sung part is generally much much shorter for practical reasons . 
  i know the sung part of the french anthem by heart because this is the one we sing at sport event or on national day but then there are other parts i know about but ca n't sing by heart . 
  why is the us flair still available ? 
  totally but go say that to the pc police . 
  except israel can in no way be considered similar to nazi germany . 
  it happened to you guys , you call it whatever you want, 
  double whopper, 
  fuck , you guys are in my thoughts . 
  hope you and your loved ones are okey . 
  when someone says that someone non european did something bad , and especially if it is true , it is racism . 
  there is no such thing as relying on body armor . 
  body armor reduces risks of fatal injury but no amount of body armor suppresses them . 
  think of it as `` getting shot without armor you have 80 % chances to die , with armor it drops to 40 % '' . 
  it 's great and it is definitly useful but no sane person would take these odds on their life . 
  the reason coulibaly got slaughtered like this by the bri is that he charged the cops all guns blazing to force them to kill him , they had no choice but give him what he wanted . 
  these bloody shintoists are at it again !, 
  sarcasm level : rosbif, 
  yeah no of course . 
  especially since there are 22 % undecided . 
  i showed these figures as a pretty good sign that ue was definitly doing something very wrong . 
  they are probably drunk as fuck . 
  edit : i am not excusing them , just explaining . 
  it is worth noting that the same studies foresees scores that would ultimately have us stay in the eu ( 45 % to stay , 33 % to leave , 22 % do not know / no opinion ) . 
  the fact that less than 50 % would vote to stay is quite telling though . 
  according to a study 53 % of french people want a frexit referendum similar to the brexit one . 
  according to the same study , a majority of votants would apparently vote to stay but it would be less than half ( 45 % to stay , 33 % to leave eu , 22 % do not know ) . 
  also , yes . 
  sure , but talking with french cops ( whether they vote fn or not ) you generally get the sense that they are kind of fed up of not being always supported by the hierarchy for pc reasons and that their job would be much easier with a much more controlled immigration in their opinions . 
  of course the reasons crime stats are higher in some communities are diverse and , yeah , amazingly the decades-long french policy of piling them up in shitty project neighborhoods did not help . 
  i am not even commenting on whether they are right or wrong . 
  what i am saying is simply that the mass immigration is probably the main reason why cops vote for fn in france . 
  even if you are in favor of immigration for some reason , saying there is no such thing as ethnic french culture is just completly insane . 
  whoever said that to you should probably go back to school for a dozen of years . 
  to be fair , they are the ones who most have to deal with problems linked with mass immigration . 
  i am certainly glad i am not in their shoes honestly . 
  looking up or down at other countries is never a good thing anyway . 
  i think the main beef people have is that it is an irreversible procedure forced on children for pretty much no reason . 
  i do n't doubt one can totally live with that but it is more on the principle of it . 
  so cut guys sometimes use lube but it 's not essential to fapping ?
