it 's the funny thing with internet , you realize moms are the same everywhere . 
  it 's like they have a hivemind of their own or something . 
  it 's like when your mother complains that you never offer to help around the house and when you do she says `` no you are just going to be in my way '' . 
  we got back in in 2009 . 
   left nato in 1966 . 
  it was mostly symbolic , technically we were no longer part of nato but still had alliances that would have meant that if nato was attacked we would have been at war by their side nevertheless . 
  i really like romania . 
  as opposed to greece , the birthplace of actual democracy . 
  fear the big blue blob !, 
  the man has only one look for christ 's sake !, 
  blue steel , ferrari , le tigre ? 
  they 're the same face !, 
  does n't anyone notice this ?!, 
  i feel like i 'm taking crazy pills !, 
   why did france attack russia hindsight is 20/20 i guess . 
  yeah fuck you very much for ww1 / u/lemottmatt, 
  no but they want to be asked . 
  iirc the other authors of similar maps left out the redundant `` is in eu / is not in eu '' questions to get to the interesting stuff . 
  selling french rifles , as new only dropped once . 
  [ poland : the book . 
  ] ( http://www.amazon.com/grudge-bearer-warhammer-gav-thorpe/dp/1844161978 ), 
  i am sorry but i will have to disagree with you here . 
  i do not know where you got your figures but i do n't think they are correct . 
  do romanian people pronunce h like the russian x ? 
   but the tanks driving in reverse thing winds up french people more , and it seems like it makes for better banter . 
  the main problem with these jokes is that you always have someone telling those jokes thinking he is the first one to do them or something , it sounds like these guys are only rotating the three same old jokes that we heard 100 times already . 
  if they were less repetitive and more original i seriously would not mind them at all . 
  yeah it was mainly gamelin being retarded . 
  young colonel de gaulle was a staunch advocate of the mobile armored spearhead the german used while the `` traditionalist '' ones like petain and gamelin believed in an infantry based army where the armour would be there to support infantry and needed to be as armored and heavily armed as possible , speed was irrelevant to them since they only needed to match the speed of a charging rifleman to be used this way . 
  that is just not an option to be honest . 
  if the eu does not defend one of its members it would probably be the end of it and germany absolutly does not want that since they make mad money off it . 
  you guys used to make a cool team though . 
  the allied in mainland europe were under french high command if i recall correctly so technically they are not wrong . 
  we did not help you poland because after declaring war on a mainly undefended germany our generals preferred to dig in at the border and not attack until germany had finished with you and brought back all its troops from poland . 
  because that 's how fucking insanely stupid our generals were during ww2 . 
  ensued five years of occupation , a french fascist government and , worst of all , decades of stupid jokes from ignorant kids which only got worse with internet . 
  no it 's not . 
  protest voting is voting for a party you absolutly do not support to punish the party you generally vote for . 
  here they support a part of what the right wing is for , they just do n't necessarily want the whole package they want to give them with it . 
  it is not protest voting . 
  the problem with votes is that everything comes in a package and you have no say in any of it . 
  you are for a restricted immigration ? 
  you have to be for a total open market and anti-governement too . 
  you are open to the idea of state organized welfare and think gays should be allowed to marry and maybe adopt ? 
  then you have to be 100 % open to mass immigration . 
  the right-wing vote is mainly against immigration though and less for economic reasons . 
  damn , we really did not see it coming !, 
  putin and black hitler are now best pals ? 
  that 's actually hilarious . 
  like anything imposed by dirigeants against the people 's will . 
  to be fair , the german camps are now called death camps to emphasize just that . 
  you guys pretty much invented the concentration camps during the boer war . 
  football is very popular in poor neighborhoods where there is a lot of immigrants . 
  also they feel like football along with rap music is one of the way a poor son of immigrants can hit big and get rich so they are comparatively more likely to try and make it their career as opposed to other populations who feel like there are a lot more ways to succeed . 
  maybe , probably not though . 
  i was with you until this ridiculous comment . 
  the problem is the definition of `` unjustly treat foreign investors '' . 
  it is extremely vague . 
  you think corn syrup is bad for health and decide to ban it ? 
  company x argues that this law is specifically targeting it and that it hurts its market expansion , congratulations you now owe 100m to company x every year until you repell this law . 
  oh you want your own public and free healthcare system ? 
  sorry but it unjustly prevents company y to do business in your country and it is definitly hidden protectionism . 
  any year you keep doing that will cost you 100m . 
  there is just way too ways this thing can go wrong and pretending like `` unjustly treat foreign investors '' is something perfectly defined that could not be abused is just foolish . 
  the risks vs reward is just not good enough . 
  to me , it is just another thinly-veiled attempt by big business to strip individual countries of their sovereignety for the sake of profits and i will not condone this . 
  it ca n't strike down laws , but it can make you pay millions to various companies if you keep it . 
  it is very different indeed . 
  furries are people who like to dress in creepy manga animal costumes . 
  [ like so ] ( http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--sy1cgscg--/1292765346347789670.jpg ), 
  thank you for your service, 
  it must be a mistake we only sell weapons to authoritarian regimes , preferably with death penalty , we will have to cancel this contract . 
  sorry australia but you have to step up your head-cutting game if you want to play with our toys . 
  there are none to my knowledge . 
  we need a new pedo-icon in france . 
  australia has uranium but imports diesel . 
  it makes sense that they would favor nuclear . 
   they 're pretty expensive and not that popular . 
  c\u00e8pes are expensive but very popular . 
  you see them all the time in french cuisine . 
  i love mushrooms , truffles are the shit and i could put them anywhere but i loved all mushrooms i tasted to this day . 
  yeah they are very present in french cuisine too . 
  especially c\u00e8pes ( porcini ) and champignons de paris ( button ) . 
   the `` polish plumber '' was also featured on a poster by the polish tourism board in response to what was perceived as negative rhetoric against poland . 
  the `` polish plumber '' , portrayed by 21-year-old male model piotr adamski , beckoned french tourists to come to poland . 
  excellent !, 
  in france we never had the `` stealing stuff '' stereotype associated to polish people , this was the gypsy / arab stereotype . 
  polish immigration to france gave them a reputation of very hard working people who can drink lots of alcohol . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xwezbmhdmm )  `` i have to say , it 's brutal stuff ''  `` you were right , there is peculiar taste to it . '', 
   `` i knew a polish girl who would drink that for breakfast . '', 
  it 's just not the whole speech . 
  they took parts and glued them together to make them say whatever the fuck they wanted . 
  it 's pure tinfoil hat stuff . 
  the speech is about equal opportunities . 
  it appeals to medias , politicians and enterprises to take action to end discriminations and give a voice to minorities . 
  this has absolutly nothing to do with forcing anyone to interbreed , this is ridiculous . 
  just to give an idea the actual speech is [ this long ] ( http://aphec.it-sudparis.eu/spip.php?article376 ) and all the sentences ( when you see cuts between sequences ) are taken from very different parts of the discourse and glued together to make it seem like they are related . 
  the state coercion thing is about ending discriminations and promoting diversity in companies and public administration so `` the diversity in the people is also found at the top of the state '' . 
  it is absolutly not linked anywhere to interbreeding . 
  the part about interbreeding is not even supposed to be understood as in a sexual way in this speech it is about giving a place to people of foreign descent in our society , nothing more .
