  the way the fn sees things france should be friendly with russia and the reason we are not at the moment is because our mainstream parties are ( according to them once again ) us puppets , you can agree or disagree with them but they make no mystery about it and that is not a forbidden view . 
  i hate juncker with a passion for that . 
  i do n't understand how we can allow in the ue a country like luxembourg basing its economy on stealing from its neighbors . 
  no one seems to care about it , that 's crazy . 
  no way i use my precious kitchen knives for that shit . 
  never heard of deadpool before reddit told me about it . 
  us comics are not very known here except the big ones, 
  a lot of people in rural france own hunting weapons and small .22 carbins for varmint . 
  i always assumed that this number came from that . 
  and i am not even talking about corsica . 
  we say `` centre-ville '' in french . 
  so no . 
  just fyi in most european countries downtown is the nice area and the shit areas tend to be around the city . 
  community association tend to be very communautaristic . 
  fortunately it is generally not representative of the communuty as a whole . 
  you went to a thing called jewish society . 
  that may be your mistake . 
  depends who you ask . 
  most of the jews i know are french and feel that way . 
  i am sure some jews do n't feel like they belong but i doubt it 's the majority . 
  most jews are white in europe . 
  ue as it is is hardly socialist . 
  because it is made so . 
  they do n't want us to keep our values and traditions because they are in the way of the great european capitalist dream . 
  i think it is kind of a `` forget you stand nearly no chance '' kind of thing . 
  sometimes you just have to do what 's right and stop caring whether the odds are ridiculous stacked against you or not . 
  well , to be honest it does make sense . 
  yeah it is not really the big party day of the year . 
  it 's just `` let 's meet and enjoy some cr\u00eapes and cider together '' . 
  i have no idea what mardi gras is in new orleans . 
  there is not really a religious aspect anymore honestly , i do n't know anyone who actually does lent after that . 
  mainly we eat cr\u00eapes and drink cider with our families . 
  binge drinking is not really associated with that day , no . 
  we call it `` mardi gras '' which is fat tuesday . 
  the most traditional thing is gorging on [ cr\u00eapes ] ( http://www.minceurmoinscher.com/ori-crepe-hyperproteinee-nature-80.jpg ) . 
  i just hope putin throws the towel soon so this shit can stop and we can get back to normal relations . 
  yeah you are right we are the worst . 
  next holocaust will probably be in france because we are all literally hitler . 
   i do understand your country . 
  i know many girls who deal with harassment daily because they are muslim , even though they are n't veiled . 
  i 'm talking about the french mentality after hebdo and the paris attacks . 
  `` even though they are n't veiled '' ? 
  how the hell do you spot a muslim woman if she is not wearing a veil , it 's not exactly written on their foreheads ... look i am not saying it never happens but you are just inflating this a lot , this is absolutly not the experience of any muslim i know . 
  racism does happen , just like in any country , but you are just full of it if you say that muslim women are harassed daily , sorry . 
  veiled women are all other the place and the huge majority of people do n't give a fuck . 
   i never said it was forbidden , but since you brought it up , is n't it forbidden in most if not all workplaces and schools to wear a veil ?? 
  absolutly not . 
  i never worked in any workplace that banned veil . 
  i highly doubt it would even be legal for a company to ban that except maybe if it works with children . 
  it is banned in public schools yes , along with every other religious symbol . 
  a jew could not wear a skullcap at a public school either . 
  stop with the victimization . 
  some people are assholes but france is not, 
  how are muslim prevented from advertising their religion ? 
  if you are referring to the ban on religious objects it only concerns public schools and it concerns everyone . 
  veiled women are a common sight in french streets . 
  the fact you do n't understand my country does not mean it does not make sense , it just means you are not able to pull your head out of your ass and consider that some people may have different ways to see things . 
  a small part of muslims are staunchly antisemite , as marseille has a very big muslim community it seems antisemitic acts tend to happen there more than other french cities . 
  that being said i do n't think it 's a daily occurence either but it happens enough that some jewish people do not feel free to advertise their religion as they see fit , which is definitly a problem . 
  no problem you did not really hurt my feelings , we are well used to that and when i joke about others i generally expect to get joked about in return , it 's only fair , 
  our own performance during ww2 makes it a friendly banter more than a mean comment . 
  1 ) there is no such things as selfless actions in international politics . 
  2 ) the us often acts shady just like every single nation on earth so mistrusting everyone including allies is just common sense . 
  3 ) every single nation in history that wielded as much power as the us was constantly questioned and criticized by the rest of the world , that goes with the job . 
  same for every country that intervenes militarily outside of its borders . 
  that being said , i think the us is still very much trusted by its allies which is actually kind of rare if you look at history . 
  these horseback lancers sure are impressive !, 
  `` what ? 
  cameron has been taken by the russians ? 
  well that 's a bummer i guess he 's lost then , not much we can do , right ? '', 
  fair point . 
  sadly it is a bit more complicated than that . 
  if it was that simple the problem could be fixed easily with mass deportation . 
  it does not exist in france . 
  some people practice leisure shooting or gun related sports but there is no 2nd amendment people here because we have no 2nd amendment . 
   carrying multiple concealed handguns is n't that implausible -- a standard carry weapon and a backup . 
   carrying concealed handguns in france might be unusual , but i bet that that does happen from time to time . 
  it is not unusual , it never happens . 
  my girlfriend 's father is a bus drivers passing from some harsh neighborhoods and he carries a small taser and a folding knife and it is already considered `` armed to the teeth '' over here . 
  the only times when wandering around with a gun is considered acceptable in france is if you are in a forest and have a hunting permit during the hunting season or you are in the military , the police or work at a security firm transporting cash and valuables . 
  and even then none of these people are allowed to carry out of duty . 
  yeah i think if i tried saying to my boss `` yeah i did that and that and that but i can not give any proof because it 's classified '' it would not float so well . 
  [ i always thought that beard was suspicious ... ] ( http://gearnuke.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/diablo-3-monk-class.jpg ), 
  i suggest another option : create a `` rapist douchebag zone '' with walls and barbed wires and let them there for a dozen of years see if they like it . 
  the country that preferred to be destroyed from the inside to being politically incorrect . 
  not evil as such they are just repaying the people who got them elected ( media moguls , big companies etc ), 
  define popular support in this context . 
  the nazis never did more than 30 something pour-cent in an election . 
  til 3 years old use expressions such as statistical backing . 
  it is not dictatorship , you have the right to your own opinion and people have a right to think this opinion makes you an asshole and you have the right to think they are assholes for thinking you are an asshole and so on and so on . 
  it is how freedom of speech works . 
  i am actually happy it 's not the us . 
  we would have never heard the end of it . 
  i thought the song was bland as fuck . 
  it was just another generic pop song to me , as soon as it is over you already forgot it . 
  there could also be that most of those who come to us are awful because they have been kicked out of anywhere else , hence why we only have the assholes . 
  it 's a bit as if there was a country which never heard about france before . 
  if we regrouped a group of hand-picked obnoxious assholes in france and sent them there , the people there would very soon assume that french people are awful . 
  that 's what happened in my opinion . 
  most people in france ( and i guess elsewhere ) had never heard about roma people a few years back and suddenly we have them everywhere and they steal , scam and attack people and only do that .
