  oh and i 'm not a communist . 
  in fact i think communism is silly . 
  i 'm a centre left scumbag , and i vote snp in scotland which encourages immigration just so you know . 
  have a lovely night , i hope you can look back one day and regret your beliefs !, 
  cicero was never a roman emperor , he was a statesman , but that 's besides the point . 
  if you believe the same beliefs that were held 2 thousand years ago by the greatest authoritarian empire in world history , then perhaps it is you who hold antiquated beliefs . 
  thankfully , your own disdain for freedom of speech and your hatred for those who think differently from you do not affect the rights of the people . 
  communists are n't evil , by the way . 
  they believe in class struggles and wanting the proles to seize the means of production and all that jazz . 
  the soviets were hardly communists and neither is china nor north korea , since they miss the core tenant of having no supreme leader . 
  you can not have treachery within a democracy . 
  you can only have people who hold different beliefs . 
  you think that because someone else comes into your country with different beliefs , they are trying to take it away from you ? 
  that 's terrifying . 
  what kind of alt-right world do you inhabit ? 
  people move because economic situations change , perhaps they move because of their job , or they get married to a national and move there . 
  perhaps they are fleeing persecution and do not wish to give up their beliefs just because they have been forced out of their homes . 
  no one is coming to steal your country or change your culture . 
  they are trying to keep their own culture intact because they like it . 
  you can not dictate to them what is correct and what is n't . 
  that 's hilarious , your an actual proto-fascist . 
  why ca n't people from other places also make a home in another country while keeping their own culture and traditions ? 
  treating them normally would in fact solve the issue . 
  instead we have far right nuts and xenophobes making their lives needlessly difficult and the anti-immigration apologists only making it seem like these beliefs are widespread . 
  honestly , i have no idea !, 
  i shall have to ask nicola next time we meet for morning crumpets . 
  you 're being intentionally aggravating and it 's working . 
  so you 're a supporter of suppression of dissent ? 
  i just do n't believe that nationalism in such a manner is a wise decision . 
  we should be encouraging immigrants , not trying to exclude them . 
  when we make them feel excluded , we only encourage the creation of cultural enclaves . 
  your conflating two entirely different scenarios mate . 
  i know this game , i used to play it often . 
  please enjoy the rest of your night . 
  hm , that 's not perfect . 
  i assume the speech can still be handed out in note form , or read aloud on a loudspeaker though ? 
  do those bits of scotland have their own devolved parliament ? 
  then i think you should not talk about things you do n't understand sonny . 
  mate scotland 's always been pro-eu and it makes sense the the eu would be happy to make noise about scotland joining the eu after independence . 
  why do you expect this to be so clean ? 
  this is going to be a messy divorce from both sides . 
  sounds like you got a whee bit of a victim complex there . 
  i never mentioned anything like that . 
  well it turns out that we it got devolved power over rail back in 2005 and we only got devolved power over rail franchising this year with the new scotland bill . 
  so actually , i do n't know if 19 years is long enough , since we 've nae had 19 years . 
  i 'm sorry that i do n't know the inner workings of s.parliament mate . 
  also infrastructure ai n't just trains : new bridges , roads etc. 
  are all things scotland needs to build its economy . 
  we are doing both of those . 
  do you have a problem with me stating facts ? 
  cause you seem like you do . 
  you guys should try get yourself a party to represent you . 
  just do n't make another ukip . 
  the snp is only kept in check by the s.tory in opposition , otherwise our parties real crazies would be running free . 
  and we do have some of those real anti-england crazies unfortunately . 
  i 'd hope we would n't fall to the same problems ireland has found themselves in . 
  i 'm not saying we should be encouraging the tax dodging arseholes here , just decreasing the corporation tax to try and encourage companies to invest here . 
  would be nice to have some investment haha . 
  my apologies , google translate is a poor aid i believe we have similar districts in london and the rest of the uk . 
  we do n't see it as a problem though . 
  and i do n't understand why it would be seen as a problem . 
  i was mostly thinking about investment into an independent scotland . 
  i 'd rather not leave haha . 
  i 'm not suggesting we set up a tax haven , but reducing corporation tax would be the most effective way to get investment in the uk . 
  theres no easy answer though . 
  no where else is going to get any richer until their infrastructure is improved and there 's an incentive to invest there . 
  we need to reduce our corporation tax like the roi has , and increase our highest income tax rate . 
  but we wo n't do that , because that helps the less well off . 
  so the neighbourhood is 50/50 foreign born people and most of them are turk or eastern european . 
  so that means that there is still 50 % of people being german . 
  which is completely different from where you said these districts were ` devoid of germans ' . 
  got any that back up that claim ? 
  white as snow , born in aberdeen i 'm afraid . 
  yeah , that would be the biggest problem in the uk . 
  then the unionists ask us why we want independence when most of our money is spent in london lol . 
  what cause exactly are you looking for ? 
  link me ? 
  invading how ? 
  i have n't noticed the tanks rolling through berlin , nor a concerted effort to kill people . 
  please , where 's your proof that this is an invasion ? 
  now that 's an incredibly flimsy argument . 
  i can do silly arguments like that too !, 
  like : those people who would be anti-merkel probably are n't the same people who would want to leave uberdeutschland . 
  see , very easy . 
  oh i am more than happy to listen to factual arguments and those based on sound logic . 
  there 's a scary lack of both of those things in this thread however !, 
  do you have a source for that claim ? 
  ah i 'm afraid the onus of proof lies on your shoulders . 
  if you ca n't be bothered to find that data , you 're obviously not very confident in it . 
  i 'm afraid agenda pushing is an inherent problem with discussions . 
  sorry that offends you . 
  why should n't it be tolerated ? 
  should the tolerance rally be stopped ? 
  because i enjoy discussing things and have an opinion ? 
  why are you bothered by that ? 
  damn you 've seen through our cunning plans !, 
  that was based on non-published data . 
  can you find the data which has supposedly been published by now ? 
  lol . 
  this is the same greece that is in complete economic collapse ?
