hapsburg bias i think . 
  loving the spanish and the germans , but being highly critical of everyone else , especially the hungarians ? 
  them 's some hapsburgian austrians . 
  well , lets looks at some facts and not hysterical white supremacists . 
  germany has a population of ~ 81 million , with an immigrant population ( ie . 
  those without german citizenship ) of seven million in 2014 ( i imagine this has increased mildly recently ) now i ca n't find a good source for the number of `` ethnic germans '' ( which is a terrible term because the german region includes austria and switzerland as well ) but we can take a decent guess that about 70 million are ethnic germans . 
  the population of syria in 2013 was around about 23 million . 
  so , germany would be able to take in the entire population of syria , and still remain an ethnically german majority country . 
  germany has no threat of losing it 's ethnic majority . 
  as someone who ca n't read german ( though i intend to remedy this terrible situation ) could you give a rough translation of what the article says ? 
  we can argue semantics all night and on top of that we 're getting away from the original argument , fact is the referendum is a democratic right of the people of catalonia . 
  i do n't understand why you are against this idea . 
  also can you tell me how the goalposts are ` moving ' ? 
  i 'm not sure where you 're getting this idea . 
   the netherlands was n't technucally a nation because the concept still did n't existed as we know it oh are we being pedantic now . 
  for gods sake man . 
  then no one deserved self-determination rights until after 1648 , including algeria which was part of the ottoman empire from 1516 to 1830 , where it became part of the french empire . 
  also , a ` germ of a nation ' ? 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm not sure if that 's a translation problem because in english to call something a germ is a horribly offensive and derogatory . 
  if a principality is n't a nation , what is a nation ? 
   the netherlands is a nation and algier a colony but they were n't when they were founded . 
  the netherlands had to fight off their overlords to form , and algier 's did n't exist until france let it go . 
  and catalonia was in fact a country ( a principality ) before they married with the royalty of aragon i 'm afraid , so by your own definition catalonia has a right to self-determination . 
   catalonia is part of the nation of spain , that 's why they do n't have any right to self determination . 
  what a terrible thing to say . 
  everyone has a right to self-determination . 
  this is like saying algiers did n't have a right to self-determination because it was part of france , or the netherlands did n't because it was a part of spain . 
  why ca n't the referendum be done city by city ? 
  because that 's impractical i 'm sorry . 
  if the city of barcelona gets to vote in the referendum , the results must then still affect them . 
  same as every other city , town , village and underground nuclear bunker . 
  barcelona is part of catalonia , correct ? 
  so in the catalonia referendum , if they vote to leave then barcelona leaves as well . 
  i 'm focusing on certain things because there 's no point trying to argue the same points back and forth . 
  i do n't understand why you think it 's democratic to not allow the people to vote . 
  it 's undemocratic to disallow a referendum , you ca n't escape that simple fact . 
  i do n't understand why you are so against the idea . 
   and no , it 's a matter of principles . 
  what principles ? 
  the principles of not giving the people a referendum because ... what ? 
  there is no reason to not allow the referendum . 
  the people deserve a referendum if they so desire one , that 's democracy . 
  you ca n't just say `` you already have enough representation '' and sweep it under the rug , because that aint democracy . 
  if an entire region votes and in the end the result is 51/49 or what have you , that 's democracy for either way . 
  if the majority wants to leave , then they have the right to . 
  except people have a right to self-determination : they have a right to be governed by those they deem represent them . 
  if the catalonians do n't believe they are being represented , they have a right to a referendum which in the event succeeds will let them secede from spain . 
  the fact that they are being denied one proves that the spanish government knows that the referendum will pass . 
  so tell me , mr. armchair diplomat , what is the right to self-determination ? 
  huh , the more you know . 
  thanks . 
  to say the us does n't have a race problem is hilarious . 
  do we so easily forget the ferguson riots , or black lives matter , or the kkk , or systematic imprisonment of blacks , or every other case of racism that gets blown under the rug ? 
  also , congratulations on taking one incident in italy and expounding that to cover the whole of europe . 
  that right there is an incredible feat of mental gymnastics . 
  shit , better go and resit the past two years of international relations studies , obviously got it all wrong . 
  what ? 
  you know that not even all mexicans looks like the stereotype you 're imaging right ? 
  well i think it 's because we got a referendum , while the catalonians are being denied one . 
  it 's a travesty that the international community has n't condemned spain for disallowing the catalonians their right to self-determination through a referendum , especially when it seems to me that the independence movement there is much stronger than the one we had in scotland . 
  to be fair , and i do n't mean to assume , as i understand it in the u.s. , racism is a lot more binary than in the rest of the world . 
  being prejudiced to people outside of your nation or a collection of nations is considered racist here in the uk , as saying that all poles are lazy and do n't work is considered to be the same as saying all jews are lazy and do n't work , which is of course racist . 
  and even then we 've invented a form of inter-classism , because of phrases like ` upper-middle class ' , ` lower-middle class ' , ` working class ' , ` lower class ' , ` upper-lower class ' and so on and so forth . 
  we are the best at pitting ourselves against each other so no one gets along . 
  your definition of race is very misleading ; i would have to guess you are from the states as that 's the only place i 've heard that particular definition being brought up . 
  race is a social construct that heavily ties into ethnicity and nationality . 
  a ` race ' can include ethnic groups , religious groups and a mixture of the two , or be entirely made up to push an agenda , like the irish being a separate race to other britains simply because it was easier for the empire to oppress them that way . 
  race has always been about social constructs . 
  the ` slavic race ' has been talked about for centuries , yet their skin colour is in no way different from the ` aryan race ' or what have you . 
  the thing is race is really hard to define . 
  a lot of people simplify it to mean skin colour , but ` race ' can also mean people in ethnic groups , or common religious groups . 
  we should let loose the germans as the police force for the entire eu . 
  lots of angry german officers should kill any open nazi ` sms like this . 
   if the forced wrapping of women where the hell do we find ` forced wrapping ' in europe , exactly ? 
  i want the highlands to be developed so that people can actually live in them and thus contribute to the economy . 
  also we would be happy to accept immigrants if we were allowed . 
  care to explain ? 
  yeah i 'm afraid that 's how democracy works . 
  sorry the will of people offends you ? 
  an american saying diaspora is a bad thing . 
  what kind of fucking shit are you smoking mate ? 
  your entire country is based off of mass migration and diaspora . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  neither of them are socialists and neither of them are philosophers . 
  wait , do you think moderate muslims do n't exist or something ? 
  when that political thought actively wants to take my freedom away , then i think i 'm ok with their freedoms being curtailed slightly . 
  do n't act as if you dislike that pal . 
  do n't you remember your tirade against communists and how we should be cracking down on open dissent ? 
  there 's a huge amount of them . 
  i had a guy on the anti-merkel rally thread yesterday telling me we should be cracking down on dissenting voices within society lol . 
  terrifying to see what the alt-right does to people . 
  maybe they just do n't want to be sent to the middle east and blow up their ancestral homelands for oil ? 
  true that . 
  the new forth bridge is a good start but we need some proper new roads and bridges . 
  i think that 's the general consensus yeah . 
  though i would n't hold my breath . 
  a trans highlands rail network would n't have been feasible straight away , but slow investment going north from edinburgh would have been a key player in increasing scotland 's wealth . 
  oh shit i 'm leftist scum now . 
  go back to / pol / little troll man , the world does n't work like your alt-right echo chamber would like to believe . 
  and try not to be upset the next time a brown person asks you something .
