  that disenfranchisement is what has lead to brexit because people are just protest voting . 
  the only person saying the eu would n't snub us was nigel fucking farage , and he 's the biggest cunt-twat we 've managed to produce in this country since cromwell . 
  this is mindboggling . 
  there is no ` german hegemony ' that we 're going to be pulled into . 
  the eu is a net benefit for scotland , always has been . 
  the rest of the english speaking world are fucking huge nations with natural resources out their arse , it 's not a suprise they can survive on their own . 
  we on the other hand do n't have any . 
  our manufacturing is dead . 
  the emotion is , scotland has been snubbed by english hegemony in the uk and would rather be a part of a federalised europe than the union of england and scotland . 
  is anyone going to tell him it 's the other way around , or should i ? 
  they need to be harsh , otherwise it 's a clarion call for eurosceptics . 
  this is going to be bloody . 
  nah , got a campaign to win . 
  we 'll be back motherfuckers !, 
   but the majority was n't that high . 
  62 % in scotland . 
  it 's high enough to be overwhelming , a 20 point difference is massive . 
  a lot of people voted to stay in the union because we were promised eu membership in the union . 
  that has been a lie . 
  i already know most of my ` no ' voting friends are switching votes simply because the eu means more to them than a dysfunctional union . 
  our economy is n't something that lives and dies by the oil barrel either , we would still be a strong nation if we went independent especially as we 'll be able to set our own immigration laws and we 'll have a bunch of new workers to work the jobs that sorely need working . 
   after decades . 
  this would be the problem mostly . 
  decades of forced austerity , cuts , destruction of the social welfare state and right wing populism ? 
  nah , that 's alright . 
  think we 'll bugger off and leave the little englanders to rot . 
  and were the only net beneficiary purely money wise through funding from the eu . 
  they just voted to slash their budget by 500 million , the crazy fucks . 
  can istanbul have a referendum to leave ? 
  maybe you could join greece or bulgaria !, 
  nah mate , they voted with you , you lied to the lot of them , they 're your responsibility now . 
  it 's true , but i simply do n't want to work with a population that i have nothing in common with . 
  i can only hope scotland votes to leave in a new indyref . 
  even if the eu drags its feet then , i can still at least represent a population that i feel i can represent with confidence . 
  it was a 62 % majority to remain and most of the places with low voter turnout ended up being remain strongholds . 
  the snp campaign last year on another indyref if we voted to remain but england pulled us in , so it will happen . 
  how it will end up ? 
  just have to wait and see how the chips lie . 
  not much work outside the uk for an aspiring diplomat ... god fucking damnit . 
  absolutely , get up here pal !, 
  that 's just because the pounds breaking even with the zimbabwe dollar right now ... 
  i 'm looking at hard numbers . 
  we 've already lost over # 50 billion worth of investors money from the mere threat of brexit . 
  imagine how much worse it would be if we voted to leave . 
  the recession is definite . 
  the scale of the recession is in question however . 
  nah i 'm an snp bloke myself ( though i would vote no in an independence referendum ) so i still view everything they say as a steaming pile of horseshite . 
  it 's mostly just looking at what the threat of brexit has already done to the uk economy , and assuming that if we did leave , it would get even worse . 
  nah i do n't believe anything george says . 
  i 'm just looking at how at the threat of brexit the uk has already lost over # 50 billion worth of investors money . 
  imagine what would happen if we actually left . 
  well i think we can agree on one thing then . 
  heaven forbid the europe sub , filled with continentals and brits alike , is pro-eu , eh ? 
  not that it will make any difference in britain though . 
  it 's not like syria will suddenly appear on our doorstep and millions of migrants will flow onto the beaches of dover if in the unlikely situation turkey joined the eu . 
  but pulling out causes a recession . 
  fact . 
  to combat recession we need to increase taxes . 
  or do we just cut more public welfare ? 
  i 'm never sure with you leavers . 
  last time the italians had a large interest in albania , albania was n't around for very long ... / s, 
  but the us would make much more sense as a dlc since they only entered in the last year of the war . 
  some sort of `` goliath comes '' dlc would make much more sense than adding in the 1st/2nd most important war contributor for the allies in as dlc . 
  that 'd be like having an america revolution game and adding the us in as dlc and focus on the brit v french . 
  if last election has taught us anything , never trust the polls . 
  i 'm sorry , could you explain what you mean ? 
  i think i 'm just being dumb but i 'm not sure what you 're saying . 
  the remain campaign is a fearmongering shite hole , but it 's not failed i would say . 
  the leave side is utterly incompetent . 
  even as a remain voter , listening to their campaign gives me despair : it is possibly the most caustic and disgraceful political campaign in living memory . 
  focusing on half-truths and lies about immigration and the ridiculous ' 350 pounds ' statistic that bj likes to wave around when instead they should be focusing on the single market , the restrictions that poses on british trade and if we 're ok with losing some sovereignty to the eu . 
  oh it was just a cheeky jab at the german playing a ww2 game haha . 
  games great fun !, 
  dare i ask how eastern europes doing in your campaign ? 
  the fishing industry argument is hilarious . 
  if the eu had n't come in and regulated it , the government would have gotten rid of it ages ago . 
  on top of that , we already have fish shortages . 
  imagine if we were allowed to fish at the same rates we used to ; we 'd have no fish left at all !, 
  most people 's interpretation of the eu is completely founded on misinformation . 
  for example , the eu commissioners are in fact , elected !, 
  they get elected by our mep 's . 
  the ones that you should have voted for . 
  they are elected because the mep 's know that they will suggest x or y legislation . 
  they can also be removed from office by our mep 's . 
  also the stat that recently came up was `` 55 % of our laws are made in brussels ! '', 
  this statement is technically correct , except that almost all of these laws are in fact non-binding and on top of that most of them are to do with food regulation . 
  in fact there are a bunch of laws that we have , that actually can not apply to us because the things the laws are trying to regulate simply do n't exist here in britain . 
  this is the daily mail . 
  it 's our ` crazy right wing hysteria racist ' paper . 
  they might not write anything seriously , but their readership take it very seriously . 
  got a source for that claim ? 
  we have a national id number , if that 's what you mean . 
  though having id given to you would make life much easier . 
  man how can you think that about romania ? 
  it 's probably got the closest claim to the successor of the roman empire , it 's fought off oppressors for hundreds of years and you 're damn right it 's beautiful . 
  woah , nero did n't burn rome down . 
  he was in antium at the time . 
  sorry , i meant at the time . 
  the u.s. would n't give up the canal until 20 years after the suez crisis . 
  also , why so aggressive ?
