  and the famously xenophobic serbia ? 
  no it makes sense that they would continue to flee to the most welcoming and stable state that will take them . 
  just because you believe that they should n't be coming to germany , does n't mean that the government does n't have a moral obligation to welcome them . 
  it proves that anti-merkel sentiment is on the down , even in the wake of the terrorist attacks . 
  all of the middle east is an unstable mess right now . 
  i 'd be accepting refugees from jordan as well if they wanted to come . 
  when you 're comparing state stability to countries like syria , it 's no surprise when they seem more stable . 
  tolerance is stupid ? 
  explain ? 
  you should use some of your defence budget to create a gigantic male model statue and put it on the border . 
  that or a giant metal penis . 
  that will keep the russians out . 
  the same people who voted for merkel . 
  also , refugees not migrants . 
  ooh , did n't mention you were a white nationalist pal . 
  that 's some proper victim complex . 
  hope you recover at some point . 
  source me on how it 's ruining germany and the eu . 
  who elected you ? 
  people do n't see france like that at all mate . 
  or are you listening to the same people who think having black people on the national football team is some sort of outrage and cultural genocide ? 
  merkel will be celebrated in history and those who fought against her will be seen as the right wing extremists they are . 
  thankfully what the trumpetlings believe is about as far away from reality as possible . 
  edit : i guess this is proof of trumpling brigading then ? 
  or have we been linked to / pol / or something ? 
  does n't mean they are n't providing a three course meal . 
  so a net 350 protestors ? 
  makes it seem a little less meaningful then does n't it haha . 
  facts are bad , feelings and hatred only !, 
  those values are n't going to dissapear because you let over x amount of non-white people in . 
  if they are so shaky that they would dissapear at the slightest test , then they are n't values worth holding . 
  nice sources , i 'll need to remember these the next time the white nationalists rear their ugly skinned heads . 
  same as the uk then ? 
  probably something to do with the lack of australian intervention in the middle east and the massive ocean between australia and the middle east . 
  no wait it 's because they do n't let dirty , dirty * brown people * into their country , right ? 
  peaceful rallies do n't push the ` europe is failing ' narrative russia wants the alt-right to eat up . 
  only if we get to string him up by his breeches on the beaches of aberdeen and let him watch as we construct wind turbines off the coast of his golf course . 
  i 'm sure the western nationalist has a fair and nuanced opinion on this . 
  merkel is the leader of the conservative party of germany . 
  if even the conservative party supports this response to the refugee crisis then it 's quite clear that it 's the superior choice . 
  you 're also assuming that the german government wo n't force them back when the government decides that the situation has stabilised . 
  also previous refugees have almost always returned to their homes after the fact . 
  precedence is against your opinion . 
  the massive influx is a refugee crisis , please stop conflating this with economic migration , which is much , much smaller . 
  how patronising , as if the german people are n't already more knowledgeable about the situation than any of us . 
  they 've voted for merkel an that includes the immigration policies . 
  when we look back 20 years in the future , germany will be celebrated as a selfless nation , happy to sacrifice for the common good of humanity . 
  and before you bring out the white nationalists talking points of ` cultural genocide ' and the like , what 's your opinion on polish or ukrainian immigration ? 
  it takes a long time to build up infrastructure you know . 
  even if the scottish parliament had started mass infrastructure construction the day parliament was devolved in '97 it would n't be near what is required . 
  currently the s.parliament is involved in tons of infrastructure programs because we 've got shite infrastructure . 
  it 's easy enough to have a poll when the referendum is in question . 
  once the referendum is in full swing , the polls will mean more , especially when we 've been polling the other way for a while now . 
  if only the train network for the highlands had been invested in , scotland might actually have a better economy up there . 
  hard to have a functioning economy when no one will invest in the infrastructure ... 
  ir students unite ? 
  i 'm still not sure which camp i sit with . 
  it 's up to scotland if they want to become independent after this . 
  if the uk is ripped apart is not the eus fault but the leave voters . 
  it does matter to the greeks and when it comes down to it , if a priceless british artefact was held in some other countries museum we 'd be chomping at the bit to get it back . 
  we bought them from lord elgin who stole them from greece lol . 
  and yeah , it would make sense for the greek national heritage to be displayed in greece , you know ? 
   colonial britain was evil well we were n't exactly saints . 
  i do n't like the idea that we should be proud of being the most effective slavers in history . 
  pretty weak justification though . 
  we did steal them . 
  the username ? 
  nah , the flying scotsman was a train . 
  i thought it was clever because i have to do a lot of travel by air . 
  that 's fine , someone went and knocked the horn of the unicorn . 
  basically damaged goods now , only worth ~ 10 % as much . 
  sorry , we 're not all shit :( some of us just think we 're more important than we really are because we 've got fuck all to be proud of . 
  edit : oh no , looks like the british exceptionalists have come for my self-deprecating head !, 
  i 'd be a bit pissed if the dutch had the crown jewels sitting in some museum in amsterdam to be honest . 
  give 'em back , they could use the extra tourism . 
  nah makes total sense . 
  we effectively nicked them in the first place and greece could probably do with something of value , 
  so now only two of the major campaigners on both sides are still with us - corbyn and sturgeon - one of which is facing an internal revolt and the other is trying as hard as they can to get scotland a second independence referendum . 
  what this means is that , in all likelyhood , by the time article 50 is done and the uk formally leaves the eu , not a single one of the major campaigners will be leading the nation . 
  what an incredible farce . 
  fuck this shit . 
  wish the sun would go up like its namesake . 
  in a giant ball of burning gas . 
  i 'm a big fan of the new statesman . 
  i feel they try their hardest to give a platform for most political views even if there is a leftish bias to it . 
  well first off we wont get to vote on it . 
  second off , i 'd hope no one would ever vote for someone who wants to leave the echr . 
  fuck that shit . 
  you know , i lived in the middle east for 5 years . 
  turns out , the people there are mostly the same as the people here . 
  just as many nice people , just as many assholes . 
  we just hear more about them because it 's a nice fit to the narrative . 
  only if westminister bows to the authority of hollyrood . 
  as was everything fucking else . 
  turns out you ca n't just shout `` fearmongering ! '', 
  when it turns out they were totally right all along . 
  with a million petitions , it has to be debated in parliament at least . 
  we 'll see how that goes . 
  well we still have n't used article 50 yet , so we 're technically still a member of the eu . 
  you 're under the mistaken assumption that westminister cares about anything outside london .
