people just hear some difficult words and they get scared . 
  they are looks so weird after reading it so many times, 
  the prime minister said he would not ignore it . 
  wow that was intresting ... 
  troll confirmed . 
  what kind of weapons does the netherlands export ? 
  my condoleances i cant imagine how scared they must have been . 
  also great work of the rescuers they did everything they could . 
  amsterdam also has around 5050 people/km2 you are comparing a city with a province . 
  i think he means left wingers, 
  just let us enjoy our glorious invasion please . 
  with an a, 
  the eu, 
  why didnt they do that to the dickheads who molested all those women on nye ? 
  but what about our glorious stroopwafels ? 
  dammit the vikings are returning !, 
  and people say there is no problem with religious extremists in sweden . 
  wtf this kinda sounds like news from afghanistan . 
  i dont see how they can join the eu when this still happens . 
  look theres a dickbutt to the right of the text on the bridge . 
  nonono the jewish plan is to destroy the white race by mixed race breeding and using white women as breeding stock so that the jews can have their own slave race . 
  / s to be sure, 
  the leaflet is not from a christian group it was made by followers from a islamic creationist preacher . 
  edit : his name is yahya . 
  curious to see how russian trol brigade will defend this ? 
  pls leave half ofconstantinople behind when you leave . 
  the weapon has been fired by russian soldiers in ukraine . 
  russia doesnt just sell weapons to the rebels for money . 
  they want to destabilize ukraine so they can project power . 
  just look at the annexation of crimea . 
  unless there will be another putin like ruler of russia . 
  the russian government will never admit it . 
  so i am afraid this wont make a difference . 
  then what do you mean with winter food ? 
  if they are islamists then they dont need to leave turkey, 
  those were gatling guns though . 
  but i gues you can also count those as machine guns . 
  it would take a lot of expolsives to blow up a dyke and there are lots of dykes . 
  i saw cars drive on the ijselmeer a couple of years ago as well . 
  and ice sailing also happens a lot when the markermeer/ijselmeer is frozen . 
  to be fair that is a very handsome ape . 
  can someone explain why verhofstad is such a funny choice ? 
  because i dont understand . 
  the pvv might have been bigger if their plans for the election actually made sense , instead of just writing less of everything . 
  do i really need to put an / s behind my comment ? 
  that erdogan wants to conquer the balkans and north africa, 
  maybe if they disable free for all in the middle east things will get better . 
  dutch people are for me the descendants of the people who fought the 80 years war and created the netherlands . 
  someone is dutch when they have dutch ancestry , speak dutch and embrace the dutch culture . 
  i have no problem with muslims who live in the netherlands and keep their religion to themselves although i do not consider them dutch . 
  however the muslims who see islam as a ideology and see the laws of islam as the highest laws they have no place in this country . 
  if they want to follow the koran literally they can go to a muslim country for all i care . 
  no but it the country of the dutch people . 
  germany because i already speak german and its very similar to the netherlands . 
  or i would go to switzerland because the mountains are beautifull and the people are precise . 
  why would a eu cointry have a joint military with the russians ? 
  nah they have a regency council . 
  lets just hope that enrique wont be the new heir . 
  soviets were trying to exterminate the culture of the baltic countries with russofication ( i might have mispelled this term completely ) and the soviet union also destroyed their economy which the baltic countries still feel today . 
  but doesnt istanbul mean in constantinople ? 
  as far as i know the economy is stable but the brexit mught hurt us . 
  im from the netherlands btw, 
  its a reference to the game hearts of iron 4, 
  ah yes the superior firepower land doctrine, 
  can you explain whats so wrong about his points ? 
  pls defend the canary islands they are lovely vacation spots . 
  yep, 
  srebenica was a great shame but its not the dutch militarys fault that the un forces didnt provide air support . 
  they will remove kebab once more, 
  or even a chair, 
  well i think a federal europe is a good thing so no problem here . 
  that guy is about to do some buisiness, 
  he looks like science, 
  renovatio emperii !!!, 
  how many is sweden taking in at the moment because 50000 a year wouldt surprise me since all the economic migrants want to go to sweden because of the wellfare . 
  i heard estonia has a large tech industry . 
  would a software engineer count as a qualified worker . 
  because i am really starting to dislike the attitude in my own country . 
  the beautifull women will be gone in 50 years or sooner anyway . 
  so 1 lego star wars set ? 
  i hate to admit it but belgium . 
  yep , thats a extremely large telescooe . 
  of course they are aware the f-22 is a stealth plane . 
  then why not give some arguments for leaving to the people who are curious ? 
  yeah old hitley was not big fan of the french . 
  they deserved it . 
  australia winning woukd have been funnier though . 
  and estonia where ever it is ... poor esti, 
  home of the whopper in a sauna ... 
  we do have the ggd and they will predict your height but they always predict it way to high . 
  i do not know if they do it to treat people for getting to tall at least i have never heard of it . 
  im very curious about what the final deal will be and if the uk will pay the large amount of money the eu asks of them . 
  i think you mean pvda mate, 
  and a copy of a dutch village, 
  only one small island and only 1 ship per year . 
  thank menno van coehorn instead . 
  yes i do think they are a good example but still have a long way to go . 
  lets hope they clear all those mines and manage to use all of their land again, 
  type in on google : birthrate angola, 
  5.3 children per woman is a pretty huge growth,
