  if you are non-religious and eat with christians , you just grab your neighbors hands like everyone does , and it 's only a little bit awkward the first time and certainly no insult to me or my intelligence . 
  it 's like . . 
  some people get up before 6 to run , i 'm pretty useless before 8 and run when public transport is on time . 
  and yes , sometimes they tell me how great running makes them feel and they secretly or openly hope i become a runner , too , and it 's * normal * and not a great divide, 
  so ... marry a half-french ? 
  not to forget jochen , and the boy , ingo . 
   whoa , and that abandoned blue chair is the eu hiding on a tree, 
  no worries - such a causation was my instinctrive reaction , too ; it 's probably too beautiful to resist . 
   makes it sound like the one determines the other sounds like now you are assuming something that is not in the statement . 
  in my understanding , such a wording is colloquially used for causation , correlation and anything inbetween . 
  i , too , am not sure the results would be that much different if you asked in another country . 
  in my understanding , what makes us america distinct here is not so much the stupidity level or distribution , but the attitude that ** it 's ok to be stupid ** . 
  it 's * ok * to not * know * hot tea is hot , do n't feel bad about that !, 
  not knowing how not to dry a cat , that peanuts are n't nuts but legumes yet are often processed on the same machinery as nuts , etc. 
  which does n't sound all bad , after all . 
  * edit * accidentally, 
   first of all , correlation = / = causation - but the `` scientists '' here make it look like that . 
  where ? 
  i admit i did n't real all comments , but on all the original link , washington post , and here : very few discuss the correlation at all , focusing on the map knowledge as such instead . 
  none of the comments i found that do consider the correlation made a blunt causation conclusion . 
   and did you take a look at the map ? 
  it 's garbage . 
  the black sea looks like another country do you have a link which map was used in the survey ? 
  anyway , yeah , locating a country on an unlabeled map is n't exactly easy - american or not . 
  otoh , `` around russia '' and the distinct shape of crimea flashing through all newstainment lately could be a big aid . 
  i wonder how much better - if any - people in other countries would fare on an unlabeled map . 
  i freely admit i 'd find ukraine only because i 'd recognize crimea , and i would n't have known crimea belongs to ukraine before it started not to . 
  if this is about seeing redditors as the person they truly are , how is * less * information making it any better ? 
  how does removing the flag ensure that `` you '' means exactly what you think it should mean ? 
  ( skipping the question whether this would actually be an improvement ), 
  full pretzel surveillance , it 's the only way to be sure !, 
  `` and do n't forget the milk again , honey ! '', 
  or the germans . 
  due to the current events , i started to re-delve into the history of and around the crimean war ( something that popped up baader-meinhoff-ly in very unexpected places ) . 
  along large border stretches between austria/russia and the osmanian empire , forced expulsion and resettlement was the norm . 
  russia has always treated tartars as `` materiel of war '' . 
  creating pseudo-independent principalities and offering tartar leaders to keep their local power if they bow to russia was standard tactics . 
  crimea - as the first area the ottomans had to cede ofter centuries of expansion - was a hot spot . 
  nonwithstanding all the shit that went down in ukraine before , russia is just grabbing an opportunity for its own gain . 
  and the parallels are scary . 
  huh . 
  simple labels for simple minds . 
  you are still conflating `` brain value '' with `` having a well-paying job '' . 
  even if this was the same : you are losing potential . 
  migrants have a higher percentage of people who are more resourceful , motivated and creative compared to those who stay . 
  as a group , immigrants in germany have paid more in taxes than they did cost in social payments . 
  over decades . 
  you are losing migrants that feel appaled by such a public attitude . 
  and , with 1.85 children per woman and a steadily declining birth rate , * brain growth * does n't come naturally . 
  -- as for germany : not right now , though a relevant case is currently moving through the courts . 
  and while indeed the premise of `` all of romania coming here to get welfare '' sounds scary , i am not rejecting policies just because they feed some people who `` do n't deserve it '' , whaatever that means . 
  otoh germany has a lot of * native * `` aufstockers '' right now : similar to the case of silvia gurria , their job pays so little that they get what 's missing to the welfare minimum from the state . 
  should we ak them to leave , too ? 
  of all the `` cost factors '' , this group is least able to fight back . 
  i am sure if it was just about finances , there 's one or another tax hole to plug . 
  because the value of a brain is determined by * current * contribution to the economy ? 
  what about people currently acquiring a higher education ? 
  what about the children of the immigrants ? 
  what about controbutions to society that do n't make you thousands ? 
  but uh , society is too hard , lets go golfing . 
  no doubt there is a correlation . 
  this is no excuse , however , to make a blatant judgement of `` value '' , based on short-term savings . 
   now / u/vespasianus was implying the exact opposite . 
  or maybe / u/vespasianus was implying that among the bunch there might be a very few bright lights that would pay for the rest of them ten times over . 
  and that 's not even considering that it 's a dick move on multiple levels . 
  implying that `` brain '' value is tied to higher education , and higher education saves you virtually always from being a welfare recipient . 
  this is a great argument if you base the measure of my contribution to society on the money i make . 
  otherwise : i thought this article was about the real belgium , not the economy 101 one . 
  rather , * when * men with black hoods descend upon you , mr. dominique ernould can give a press conference stating you were warned , it was your free choice to stay against government regulations , and your newly acquired cheesy smell is totally not his fault . 
   it seems that only gema is being greedy . 
  or only gema was willing or able to stand up against google 's terms . 
  yes , that sounds unlikely - about as unlikely as gema being the only major one that is `` greedy '' . 
  problem : google would love an agreement with gema - but on google 's terms . 
  everything that puts public pressure is in google 's interest . 
  anyway , thanks for linking to something that discusses gema * alternatives * - rather than a blatant `` gema mu\u00df weg '' . 
  we would n't have that problem without music as well . 
  being essential cuts both ways , it also makes them gatekeepers : * `` try starting a business without filing hundreds of papers and paying thousands in bribes '' * now , while / u/minxie 's argumend certainly deserves critical reflection , just pointing out one side does n't cut it . 
  * `` my ex took all the money , but at least now i have the blanket for myself '' * . 
  even if you come up net positive , this might be wrong in a * what have the romans ever done for us ? 
  '' * way . 
  in economic terms : the cost of opportunity of having bankers as gatekeepers is as arbitrarily high as how much better you can imagine society to be . 
  oh , kickstarter etc. , probably have been mentioned in a reply . 
  wowfuck . 
  that not even ... zero context for that in the talk . 
  some info on the original comment ? 
  no , they 've all been thrown over the danube . 
  from my norway preconceptions , i 'd presume you 've got high quality tap water , and no `` do n't drink tap water , it will make you sick '' stuff going around . 
  so the market for bottled water is small , only a few people ( e.g. 
  visitors not used to drinking tap ) will buy , and lowering the price will not significantly increase the purchase volume . 
  you are saying ... what ? 
  must be the weather . 
  i 'm pretty sure you would too . 
  if `` good '' means not hazardous or mind-numbing , yes . 
  if `` good '' means being able to get a home with a non-leaky roof , functional heating and a toilet that 's not a freezing chamber down half a stair , yes . 
  if `` good '' means having at least a shot at realizing a dream , yes . 
  well ... 
  i would strongly avoid getting into a situation where i had to choose whether to expose someone or not - much less i would want to make a general decision . 
  there are certainly people living happily who deserve repeated punches to the groin . 
  others have suffered and atoned enough . 
  some outings would only destroy without bringing closure .
