i do n't like the sweden democrats , they 're anti-lgbt , they 're anti-abortion and they dream of the long gone swedish 50 's with the christian core families . 
  but they 're the only political party that wants to change the migration policy in sweden . 
  the two established left and right coalitions both failed to get their own majority and could n't come up with a common budget so they struck a deal to give up their positions as opposing parties , meaning that they will give the right for the minority that is largest to rule without any opposition just to keep up the current status quo with migration . 
  neither of them ever considered to take up on the sweden 's democrats deal to halve the amount of asylum immigrants sweden takes in . 
  the sweden democrats would n't even be in the parliament if it was n't for the fact that the established parties are so hellbent on keeping the current migration policies , and it 's infuriating a lot of people . 
  20 % of swedes are estimated to vote for sd if today was election day , they 're not racists , they do n't hate gays and they do n't want to build concentration camps . 
  at least not all of them . 
  they 're just sick of the current migration policy . 
  it 's because overweight people are included . 
  obesity is when you 're visibly fat . 
  overweight includes people who look normal weight but when they take off their shirt they have a little bit of extra meat on their belly and chest . 
  the medical definition of overweight is shockingly low and most people do n't realize it . 
  of course . 
  i was talking about how with today 's method it takes a long time to verify passports . 
  your proposed idea would make it much more efficient . 
  but the question is , do you think the iraqi , syrian and somalian governments are going to spend money to implement this technology in their passports ? 
  it 's already really easy to check passports to see if they 're forgeries . 
  the problem comes in when you have to do it hundreds or thousands of times every day . 
  that is a good idea though , but i do n't think the majority of countries have the technology or resources to create such passports . 
  [ it 's a glimpse into the near future of the us ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2otq7yv.jpg ), 
  you need to put four spaces first to show extra spaces and line breaks properly on reddit . 
  function ( ) { } or function ( ) { }, 
  so now we have so much people from different ethnic minorities that we 're basically importing their conflicts that they have with each other . 
  the whole situation is just laughable . 
  did n't these people come here fleeing these conflicts to begin with ? 
  i ca n't even . 
  the difference is that with a handgun or an assault rifle you can easily kill tens of people before police show up . 
  good luck cutting 20 people to death in a few minutes , it 's hard work . 
  i 'd rather have a gunless society where all gun homicide becomes stabbings . 
  i 've never seen anyone with a handgun or assault rifle other than the police . 
  there 's plenty of people who hunt here though so hunting guns are n't that unusual . 
  personally not into guns and would have preferred they did n't exist to begin with . 
   a handgun ? 
  depending on type it 'd be almost impossible now . 
  lol please ... people smuggle in all sorts of things , animals , drugs , people . 
  it 's not like it 's impossible to smuggle guns into european countries with strict gun laws . 
  we 're talking about illegal guns , not legal ones . 
  i just wanted to say cyka blyat idi nahui pidaras . 
  that 's all . 
  there was a similar incident in september where kurds and turks started brawling in stockholm : http://nyheteridag.se/storslagsmal-i-centrala-stockholm-mellan-kurder-och-turkar/ two minority ethnic groups bringing their problems with each other to a new country , it makes me want to weep . 
  was n't this what they came to sweden to avoid ? 
  the best way to solve any cultural clashes with pork is to serve one meat dish and one vegetarian dish everywhere . 
  the meat dish can consist of any type of meat , and if it so happens to be a day when pork is served people who do n't want to eat it can eat the vegetarian dish . 
  this way you can please both vegetarians which are very numerous today and people who do n't eat pork because of religious reasons . 
  simple . 
  whoooosh, 
  not really surprising since the political elite are going so far now as to cover up the problems that come with the mass immigration . 
  i 'm glad that europe is coming around and hopefully we can cope with this disaster . 
  nope , i 'm talking about this one : http://www.businessinsider.com/david-cenciotti-russia-simulated-a-massive-aerial-attack-2013-4, 
  they do this all the time basically everywhere . 
  it 's become an annual tradition for them to violate swedish airspace and they 've even done nuclear bombing drills very close to it . 
  apparently this russian jet might have been downed in syrian airspace and if that 's true that 's not good . 
  but if it actually was inside turkey then good , because they need to be shown that they ca n't do whatever the hell they want to . 
   the root of the problem is financing/money . 
  once that stops all of this will slow down . 
  i disagree . 
  any group of maniacs can do this as long as they know how to plan it in secrecy and know where to get weapons . 
  there 's absolutely no way to stop this from happening . 
  the only thing we can do is to try to fight the ideology that 's behind it . 
  it does n't include healthcare , education , social benefits , extra costs in infrastructure , programs to build more housing . 
  not to mention the last few years sweden has been struggling finding enough teachers , nurses and doctors to secure the same standard in education and healthcare . 
  the welfare systems have been on the verge of collapsing for some time now . 
  where i live nurses have been quitting working at the er because they are underpaid and work overtime basically every day due to lack of manpower . 
  and this was before , when we were getting about 50,000 asylum applications per year as compared to 200,000 this year . 
  but yeah , the swedish political establishment can keep telling themselves that it 's going to work out just fine . 
  keep repeating that mantra . 
  it 's not like you 're going to go to jail for speaking critically of the immigration policy in sweden , but it 's an extremely sensitive subject . 
  the main stream media is very monolithic when it comes to the migration stance . 
  there 's no main stream media outlet that is against the current migration policies in any meaningful way . 
  they usually argue about how to handle migration , but almost never consider lowering the numbers as a solution ( i have seen it at a few occasions but it 's uncommon ) . 
  you will also find that all big newspapers frequently write editorials about how the sweden democrats are bad for sweden and how there are `` dark '' extreme right winds blowing . 
  in social media it 's an absolute fucking war zone . 
  people are bullied for having the wrong opinions , on both sides . 
  both public figures such as politicians , artists , journalists , etc and private persons face this daily . 
  it does n't matter how inflammatory your rhetoric is or how level headed it is , it 's very scary to debate migration politics here . 
  not because there will be any legal consequences , but because you can lose friends , you can become a social outcast , you can get publicly shamed . 
  i try to not discuss it at all except with my closest friends , family and anonymously on the internet like here . 
  nice try to brand everyone who 's critical of the current migration policies in europe and those who believe that islam as a sociopolitical ideology is a problem as neo-nazis . 
  i 'm about as liberal when it comes to social rights as everyone else , but islam does n't really go together with social rights . 
  do you actually think that lgbt people are treated as well in muslim countries as in western europe ? 
  this is so cool . 
  hopefully nuclear fusion becomes a viable energy source soon and all our energy problems will be blown away with the wind . 
  it 's a label they slap on everyone who 's critical of the current migration policy . 
  it 's being thrown around so much it has lost its meaning . 
  he did n't say that , he said deport them . 
  except they actually do happen fairly frequently . 
  maybe like once a month . 
  i may be wrong but , i do n't remember reading in the news about grenade attacks several times a year like 10 years ago . 
  did you miss the episode of uppdrag granskning where they looked at anti-semitism in malm\u00f6 ? 
  young immigrants said threatening things to a reporter just walking through roseng\u00e5rd pretending to be a jew by wearing a kippa . 
  or have you completely missed that ambulances , the fire brigade and police cars have been pelted by rocks in some town areas of sweden with a lot of immigrants ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's like being in kabul or baghdad , but it is pretty bad in some places . 
  went outside 30 minutes ago and saw some very faint green colors dancing around on the sky . 
  someone was taking pictures and told me that i missed when it was much stronger :( oh well , still pretty cool . 
  congratulations fear mongerers , you got it your way . 
  apparently decades of scientific studies are n't good enough to prove that gmos are safe and effective . 
  seems like politicians all over europe have completely forgotten about pragmatism and are surrendering into completely emotional feel good policy making that will benefit no one in the end . 
  we had a similar problem in sweden with muslims terrorizing christians in refugee centers . 
  but instead of dealing with the problem and trying to make them get along the authorities segregate them instead . 
  not boding well for the future .
