  while the area was blocked , an elected right-wing representative of the police union was seen running around with a gun and an iron-cross earring . 
  * the popular and equally competent director of the railway company of salzburg has been removed from his post to make space for a conservative party soldier . 
  * the head of the chair of the federal railways is criticizing the evaluation process of larger construction pojects , that allows some interest groups ( i.e. 
  the car lobby ) to delay railway construction projects . 
  it is true . 
  just look at / r/worldnews or / r/adviceanimals . 
  did the pro-ttip astroturfers the us are [ buying ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/trade-industry/us-embassy-berlin-sparks-ttip-twitter-tangle-302869 ) finally get active ? 
  from what is known about ttip , there is not a single thing that could be considered beneficial to any european interest . 
  the shadow courts are highly questionable as they infringe the concept of democratic decisions . 
  under the rules of nafta , there have been several shadow lawsuites that forced states to pay money to corporations because they could not maximize their profit , i.e. 
  because a patent was not renewed . 
  those shadow courts are acting without beeing observable by the public in their actions . 
  installing them would transfer legislative power from parliaments to obscure bodies . 
  according to reports , there are plans to introduce panels , that are supposed to have an `` advisory '' funtion to parliaments in the legislative drafting process . 
  gats , a similar treaty about the privatisation of public services , that was stopped years ago due to beeing inacceptable . 
  by the information that has become public , ttip is a a collection of neoconservative concepts that will never get any majority . 
  thatcherism is over and neoconservatives should realise this . 
  the fact that they are citing a blog makes this a bit funny . 
  this specific complaint was not about the effective noise level , but the prognosis of noise levels that did only investigate the noise levels around that house but not the noise levels around its garden pond . 
  as someone who lives in a town that is invaded by commuter cars every day , i must think that it is ridiculous to protect someones garden pond from any noise , while there is nothing beeing done about the millions that are living in towns and suffer from car noises . 
  the legal framework , that allows such complaints is not supposed to guarantee an equal protection from emissions of all kind , it mainly protects people who have bought cheap land and now do n't want anything else to be built around them . 
  combined with the very chaotic splinter development in rural regions , this causes chaos . 
  by the way , the same groups that are protesting the semmering railway tunnel have remained quiet about a motorway , that was built in the same area . 
  i am only familiar with the situation in austria - which may be very similar , but i would not agree with describing such protests as uncoordinated uprisings of randomly angry citizens . 
  in austria , there has been an uprising of various `` initiatives '' against a railway tunnel . 
  the capital vienna and the 2nd largest city , graz , the federal state of carinthia , slovenia and italy are connected by a railway line that crosses the alps south of vienna . 
  this railway line - more exactly the part across the semmering ( [ map ] ( http://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=13/47.6609/15.8582 ) ) - was built 160 years ago . 
  it has since been electrified , but as it had been constructed with the technical means of the 19 century , it only allows slow speeds between 60 and 80 km/h . 
  this part of the line , that goes through the mountains along many slopes is also not suitable for heavy freight trains . 
  the industries south of this part of the line can not be supplied by heavy trains , which causes them to have a disadvantage , that has been damaging the area . 
  to solve the problems with this line , a tunnel is beeing built that avoids the part through the mountains . 
  the area is far from larger settlements . 
  despite this , a number of groups appears , that vocally transports more and more absurd arguments against the tunnel . 
  despite them beeing small groups in numbers , they manage to get a surprising amount of media attention . 
  their arguments have long been falsified . 
  they would n't be a problem if they would n't be able to make objections and claims in the various legal processes that come with a large-scale construction project . 
  their claims usually refer to tiny details . 
  a few months ago , construction had to be paused because during the preparation for construction works , plans were only made so that someone who lives in a remote house would not face noise over average levels around his house . 
  some court agreed on the claim , that measures would have to be taken so that this person would also not face noise over average levels around a small pond in his garden . 
  there are some rumors and evidences that point to the car lobby as the hidden sponsor of this `` actitivism '' , but no definive proof exists . 
  what confuses me about this small uprising against that tunnel is , that those `` activists '' are able to disturb an absolutely necessary railway improvement and to keep their absurd issues in the media . 
  in the meantime , motorways are beeing built straight through cities and no hysteric reports appear in the media . 
  in the cities , that are subject to such motorway constructions , there seems to be both a significant scepticism and substantial reasons against these plans . 
  despite this , they hardly receive any media attention at all . 
  i suggest , that those groups , that seem to be able to afford their own media campaign are not interrest groups but rather some kind of astroturfing vehicle . 
  you are referring to axle-less wheels . 
  low-floor-trams do not have axles ( there is no space for them due to the low floor height ) , but an independent wheel suspension . 
  the problem is , that the weight per wheel tends to be higher with this construction scheme . 
  earlier low-floor trams had problems with noise and vibrations , the newer models seem to be doing better . 
  1 million $ is not expensive . 
  the bombardier flexity costs about 2 million $ , although this price is for longer vehicles . 
  is anyone in posession of serious sources like newspaper articles , that confirm , that this vehicle is going to be used in yekaterinburg , omsk and moscow ? 
  the only sources i could find are blogs . 
  not on / r/worldnews , that for sure . 
  this mixture of 14 year olds and shills is as terrible as every default subreddit . 
  when i posted an article about the european parliamentary elections , that comments this article received were a special kind of stupid . 
  this person is to be held responsible for the economic decline of germany after ~ 1995 . 
  when was the last time , that this hardcore neoclasicist has said anything , that was in touch with reality . 
  the open street map contains various data . 
  road data are only one field . 
  other data categories include buildings or public transport lines . 
  apart from roads , there are also many ways which are only acessible for pedestrians . 
  the data density in the osm correlates with a high number of buildings , paths and other details beeing included in the map . 
  burgenland has a tradition of alcoholism . 
  especially the south , where people commute to town over the week and return on weekends . 
  it has become better with economic improvements in the last 20 years , but i would not underestimate that problem . 
  fusion reactors have been promised to solve the worlds energy problems within the next 10 years for the last 70 years . 
  until now , no progress was made on the issue . 
  it is therefore reasonable to assume , that this method will not be of any practical use within the next years . 
  a reduction in co \u00b2 - emissions is unavoidable within the short term . 
  nuclear fusion will not be able to contribute to this . 
  `` nationalists of all countries , unite ! '', 
  does not work ? 
  quelle surprise extraordinaire . 
  [ mine ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/printablegraph?ec=-6.50&amp;soc=-3.38 ) . 
  i did n't know that are articulated versions of them . 
  i 've never understood the logic behind those single-element-units . 
  spacex won a contract with the nasa years ago . 
  they got funding and technology to build a rocket , that is capable of delivering cargo to low earth orbits . 
  essentially , they are a glorified outsourcing taker . 
  the hype along this company may coincide with its ceo who seems to promote himself in the same mesianic way as steve jobs did . 
  this includes payments for social security insurances . 
  for this tax rate , people actually get a lot of services . 
  there are a lot of european countries with higher vat and only partial health insurances . 
  some countries i.e. 
  do n't offer coverage for dental treatments . 
  you did n't mention that the 13th and 14th salaries are only partially taxed and that there are a lot of possibilities to write off taxes ( i.e. 
  for single income housholds ) or that commuters receive quite absurd direct subsidies . 
  the quality of comments on this subreddit is very high compared to other subreddits - especially the default ones . 
  i am not worried about opinions that are either strange , despisable or crazy . 
  the problem that can be observed on some subreddits are mainstream oppinions that go into a modus of self-validation . 
  when this happens , people keep confirming themselfes , even if they display oppinions or points that are objectively wrong . 
  le pen `` criticizes '' an `` european soviet union '' , but sends represantitives of her party to a conferece of people who want to [ turn europe into a russian protectorate ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/278jt1/summit_with_putins_fifth_column_german/chye6db?context=3 ) ? 
  der tagesanzeiger has published an interessting article about a meeting of various politicans of right parties with representatives of far right russian political groups . 
  i could not find an english article about this issue , but as it gives a picture of the connections of so-called eurosceptic parties to anti-european russian groups , i have translated it . 
   last saturday in vienna : tenthousands around the city hall were celebreting the life ball , the largest beneficial event for people infected with hiv and aids in europe . 
  conchita wurst appeared on the stage , homosexuals were dancing in flamboyant costumes in the \u201e garden of pleasures `` - the balls theme in this year . 
  at the same time just a few meters away in the urban palais of the duke of liechtenstein , nationalists and christian fundamentalists from russia and the west discussed how they could save europe from liberalism and the \u201e satanic `` gay lobby and restore the old , godgiven order . 
  the convention took place under strict secrecy ehind closed doors and drawn curtains . 
  the tagesanzeiger has been informes about it by two independent sources .
