  someone published an obscure book in which he argues against the railway system . 
  it was reported in every media channel as something about great scandals . 
  it turns out , that half of the book consists of conspiracy theories about the timetable and the usual wailing against high speed rail . 
  * a trial about the nationalised telecommunication company illegaly funding the then government party `` bz\u00d6 '' will start next week . 
  * it turns out that the town of linz has not only donated a popular viewpoint in a natural protection area to a buddhist sect , where they built a very ugly temple . 
  the town will also cover the opperationg costs of this temple , including the overpowered lighting of the area at night . 
  if you have the right friends , i.e. 
  the mayor , you can expect the public to pay for you to harass the public with your religion . 
  hofer ( aldi ) and sometimes spar . 
  there may not be an explanaiton for how google puts these images in a row although i would guess that the streetview-car is sent out a second time , if some images are unuseable . 
  i recently found a mixture of images from different drives [ in a breton village ] ( https://maps.google.com/maps?hl=en&amp;ll=43.829221%2c12.304277&amp;spn=0.001654%2c0.004128&amp;t=h&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=43.829283%2c12.303628&amp;panoid=xwdtwy6sv5qmqcu3nr5keq&amp;cbp=13%2c114.96%2c%2c0%2c14.51&amp;z=19 ) . 
  the interessting thing is , that the images from a sunny day were just used for a few points on the road , while the majority of the images was captured on a cloudy day . 
  some campaigns are gaining momentum . 
  others are turning straight into craziness . 
  confrontations on tv started last week . 
  the first confrontation took place between the leading candidates of the greens and the right-extremist fp\u00d6 . 
  the green candidate confronted the candidate of the fp\u00d6 with the several corruption scandals in which his party is involved . 
  since the beginning of this year , several former fp\u00d6-politicans have been sentenced for corruption and similar crimes . 
  strache , the fp\u00d6-candidate was caught by surprise and was seen as the weaker side in nearly every analysis . 
  other topics included a new pedestrian area in vienna and immigration . 
  the second debate saw the 80 year old billionare frank stronach against the candidate of the neoliberal bz\u00d6 . 
  stronach talked himseld straight into a wall . 
  he demonstrated an unseen hybris and tried to make himself look as the only prophet among a mass of ignorants . 
  several times , he drifted off into a loop of tirades against his opponent . 
  this discussion has been one of the lowest points of austrian politics in the last years , but stronach , who tends to derail every interview ( [ this is a transcript of one of his interviews from a few months ago ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1d9n54/whats_going_on_in_your_region_of_europe_28413/c9og9ix ) ) will surely continue into obscurity . 
  although i do not support linking to so called `` news stations '' such as fox news , those climbers could in fact be sentenced into prison . 
  there is a law against the abuse of emergency signs with maximum punishments of up to 6 months in prison or 360 daily rates although it islikely , that a person without a criminal history would be sentenced to a lower fine or a probation . 
  the mountain those people had to airlifted from is spectacular 1.753 metres high . 
  i did not find any exact plans , but it seems to be acessible by a hiking route , there may not even be any climbing involved . 
  situations like this are the result of people going on mountains without any idea what they are doing . 
  it is amazing to imagine the interaction with the rest of the european high speed net . 
  once the brennerbasistunnel will be finnished , it will be possible to cross the continent from stockholm to rome within a day by rail . 
  we are currently at a point , where we can see a hughe improvement in travel times across the continent . 
  no it would be the time to improve railteam , the slightly unknown alliance of sncf , db , ns , sncb , \u00d6bb , sbb , eurostar and others to a sucessor of the tee or ec-net , that utileses the improved possible travel times on international routes . 
  i will travel from northwestern france to vienna tomorrow , a journey , which will take me 18 hours , just because changing times are so terrible . 
  it is a shame , that he does n't get immediate asylum in europe . 
  prism may be the largest infringement of privacy in human history . 
  his actions to make it public should be honored . 
  the minister of the interior just said on the radio , that it is not possible to apply for asylum from foreign soil , but she seemed generally disinterested in the case . 
  a bad decission , as revenues from freight transport can be used to subsidize passenger services . 
  also , the engines , that run passenger trains can be used to operate freight services at night . 
  the passenger services engine pool will loose efficience from this . 
  the modal split will suffer , as the new private owners will cut services without reliable profit . 
  but as the imf has never been interested in the general interest , they make such recommendations , that will turn out wrong in the long run . 
  it reminds me of the 19th district of vienna . 
  too bad , that there are such bad train connections to croatia . 
  der falter is weekly , left leaning newspaper , that is worth reading . 
  on a local level , i would mention the o\u00d6 nachrichten and the kleine zeitung . 
  both are slightly conservative biased , but they try to be serious and reading them is not a waste of time . 
  the kleine zeitung has given excellent reports about the destruction of the fp\u00d6-system in carinthia . 
  weekly newspapers worth mentioning are the profil and the wiener zeitung . 
  a swiss newspaper i would recommend is the tagesanzeiger . 
  the point about postconstructivism is , that you can say something trivial and claim to have sounded smart . 
  direct connections are very important for utilizing the benefits of high-speed routes . 
  i am planning to go along ten 17 from vienna to paris . 
  changing trains at munich is required , but rj 260 , the first train of the day from vienna , misses the first connection by minutes . 
  as there are no real other options from munich , i may have to take the ridiculously slow , but direct route to frankfurt via n\u00fcrnberg , where i can change to a tgv to paris est. 
  the whole ten 17 turns out useless in my case , as there are no fitting services . 
  the very benefit of this connection would be additional connections and the total travel time cut by 1/3 . 
  at them moment , the total travel time from frankfurt to london is 7 hours , mainly due to waiting times at brussels . 
  according to die zeit , the direct connection would take between [ 4 and 5 hours ] ( http://www.zeit.de/wirtschaft/unternehmen/2010-09/ice-london-bahn ) . 
  not only would this make travelling easier , it would also allow additional indirect connections as the last train of the day can depart later and can be reached easier from other places . 
  appart from my town , lissabon has the only tramway system , that uses a 900-millimeter gauge . 
  for maps , the [ openstreetmap ] ( http://www.openstreetmap.org ) , is an option , that tends to be better than google maps . 
  they may also randomly pick and investigate people . 
  you might also read the part of the sentence after the quote . 
  since when does a billion of personal assets not account for `` super-rich '' anymore ? 
  in fact , it is true , that stronach has both the citizenships of austria and canada . 
  canadian tax laws require him to be in canada for at least half of the year . 
  with the flight time from and to canada , stronach may only be able to spend 1/3 of the year in austria . 
  if he would be elected into the parliament in october , he may not be able to participate in most parlamentiary sessions . 
  * for those who do n't know who frank stronach is : he is an 80 year old billionare , who started his own radically neoconseravtive party and bought some mps from other parties . 
  his public appearances have always ended in absurdity , / u/unseen _ redditor has transcribed [ parts of his first interview on tv ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1d9n54/whats_going_on_in_your_region_of_europe_28413/c9og9ix ) , i recommend reading it as an example of how to derail an interview . 
  * the major west-east rail line will fully reopen on monday , after beeing interrupted by flood damgage between salzburg and innsbruck . 
  * a discussion about gypsy child beggars in vienna has taken another turn , as the green party demands not to adress the issue , that these childs belong to roma clans . 
  the debate errupted , after someone claimed , that the director of a support center for child beggars gave an interview to a newspaper , in which he adressed the issue of roma clans forcing their children to beg . 
  the wto has its own bias , thats tends to oversee some points . 
  this free-trade-zone would benefit us-corporations simply on the basis of the disfunct us social system . 
  european companies have to pay higher wages , because europe has a working health insurance system which results in higher wages due to employer and emplyee contributions . 
  wages in the eu are on a higher level , which prevents us from having a society in which 50 % of the people are having problems with buying food . 
  us-corporations are able to keep production costs lower because of weak environmental laws and the ignorance against the need to reduce co \u00b2 - emissions . 
  the conditions in the us allow corporations to keep wages and production costs low . 
  the efta works , because its is regulated to keep us from racint to the bottom too much . 
  a free trade zone with the us would discriminate european corporations and create a tendency against the european social systems for them preventing european corporations from acting as `` efficient '' as us-corporations . 
  it 's always been the same mantra . 
  these offshore-tribunals are not the online strange thing about this issue . 
  it would also put an economy , where the social system was scrapped and wages are down on the lowest level against an economy , where things actually work . 
  the only thing , the free trade zone would actually do is starting a race towards lower social standards . 
  the uk is turning into a failed neoconservative state . 
  the judiciary is one of the 3 seperated powers , giving this out of hand is a step towards disolving the state . 
  google maps operates on quantity , not quality . 
  their error level seems quite high , compared to other maps , which may result from merging a number of sources without having a quality controll system . 
  in austria , google used to show public transport stops on its maps . 
  they got the names and the operating lines systematically wrong . 
  this is true . 
  although there are only 13.000 people speaking slovenian living in southern austria , parts of this region are claimed to be of slovenian language . 
  the map lacks of an indication for lingual minorities , there may not be a scheme in this map . 
  is n't the irish times a product straight out of the central of abnormal journalism , the murdoch company ? 
  i would really be interessted in the attitude of people , who reject christianity and christian tradition , towards the institution of bank holidays from other religions or things like the legal status of slaughtering animals according to religious norms . 
  it would be great , if such a survey could show anything about this .
