  my theory is , that problemativ parts were added to the concept in order to make it unviable . 
  the state is against public transport and puts grater effort in building motorways within the town . 
  i would start with the ministers of infrastructure and then proceed to everyone who made the policies that were applied on infrastructure . 
  bulgaria is one of the states , that invested nearly nothing into its rail network , which is partially to blame on the lobbyism of the car industry . 
  a privatr owner would not magically turn up money . 
  it would spend the money that the state forwards to it and keep a part of it . 
  there is nothing that points towards public services beeing organised in a more efficient way by yprivate companies . 
  corruption is a matter of governance and private companies will gladly participate in it , of it benefits them . 
  apparently , we will soon be able to add another case to the collection of public transport systems , that got ruined by privatisation . 
  apparently tricking people into operating their cars as taxis for a price that lies well under their own costs is called `` innovation '' today . 
   do that and people would have to come illegally to a country to apply . 
  do you know if it is possible for someone staying in austria to apply for the registration is used to determine the country where the asylum trial is held according to the dublin rules . 
  if someone registers in country a , but requests asylum in country b , they would eventually be sent to country a. 
   to give you a rough idea of the numbers , the estimated 20,000 for today would be equivalent to 200,000 ( ! ), 
  refugees arriving in germany in one single day . 
  i heard this number on the radio , but i could n't really make out the source . 
  they have quite a long record . 
  they single-handedly ruined a federal state . 
  their last participation in the federal government resulted in dozens and dozens of corruption cases . 
  i doubt that many newsworthy things will happen tomorrow . 
  there may be a surge of numbers tomorrow , but unless the hungarian border fence fails , crossings from hungary will decrease in numbers . 
  there will not be enough quarters available and there may be some unrest among the migrants , limited chaos will ensure . 
  however , nothing of this is unforeseeable or different from what happened in other countries along the route before . 
  they really interesting thing to see is how the whole balkan route will change if hungary closes its border to serbia and how the affected countries will react . 
  i am a regular commuter between vienna and linz and i came to the same conclusion . 
  the important thing is to note , that the problem are not the migrants as persons - they are not remotely an uncivlized horde . 
  the problem is a socioeconomical one - immigration in this quantities creates unevitable social conflicts and is unfinanceable . 
  a registration could be used to determine the country where an asylum trial should take place . 
  if no such identification takes place , there is no documentation of the country that would be competent for the asylum process according to the dublin rules . 
  for that reason , the migrants do n't want to deal with any authorities of a transit country . 
  they appear to cooperate when it is about to forward them , but they try to evade anything else . 
  according to the media , most transiting migrants want to go to germany . 
  the number of them that wants to go to scandinavia seems to be small and there are some indications that point to that number beeing rather low . 
  we now know the effects of migrant waves on railway lines . 
  i do n't see those effects , i.e. 
  crowded stations , severe delays and chanceled trains on the lines between germany and denmark . 
   not impossible , but looking at the gear and stuff that refugees usually seem to wear and/or carry , there will be several deaths if people attempt that . 
  there is quite an flat section between hungary and spielfeld in styria , where migrants would only have to find a bridge over the medium river mur . 
  i forgot about that part and also did not think of the pedestrian bridges . 
  this section would be the most relevant for attempted crossings . 
  the immediate section west of spielfeld has lots of hills , but it would be possible to cross it if attempted . 
  the section between ~ 10 km west of spielfeld-stra\u00df and the river drau may not be crossable with the equipment of the migrants and although there are lots of paths and forest tracks , they would not get across it with their gear . 
  the carinthian section between the river drau and the italian boarder would be impossible to cross for anyone without alpine gear . 
  the karawanken mountains reach heights of 1.900-2 .000 meters . 
  it is impossible to simply walk over them . 
  anyone who would try to cross this section would have to take one of five steep roads . 
  given this situation , mass crossings are more likely to happen on the boarder between slovenia and styria . 
  the migrants seem to be able to get through flat territories without major problems , but they in fact may not be able to cross hills or steep roads . 
  this would explain why the masses are not taking the direct route through the balcans ( greece-albania/kosovo/montenegro-serbia-croatia - slovenia-austria ) , but rather the longer route through hungary . 
  a summary of todays events : germany reinstated border controls , train traffic across the border is suspended until at least tomorrow . 
  the czech republic may introduce similar controls . 
  it is yet unclear if austria will introduce such controls on its own . 
  the train traffic is severly disturbed , anyone who plans on travelling to and austria should expect delays . 
  at the moment , hundreds of travellers are stranded . 
  on sunday evening , trains are usually filled with people who work in germany or austria , but return to their families in the other country for the weekend . 
  the news reports said , that no number for the migrants which are stuck in austria could be given . 
  however , the last train to leave austria to germany was railjet 64 , which left vienna at 14:30 . 
  the transit from the border crossing at nickelsdorf and the west station of vienna should take 2 hours in total . 
  as a regular communter between vienna and linz , i have observed the procedure and estimate that transiting migrants usually spend not more than 30 minutes for getting food and supplies . 
  the town of vienna has organised quarters for migrants who had to stay over the night , but those mostly left on the next day . 
  reports from midday suggested that no more than 500 people were waiting at the west station but those may have easily caught the next trains . 
  however , with all the formalities and bureaucratic procedures , in order to catch the last train , someone would have had to arrive at nickelsdorf before 12 am . 
  reports from midday reported 3200 entried at that time . 
  there will not be official numbers until tomorrow , but rumors on twitter claim 9.000 entries until apparently 10 pm . 
  if these numbers are correct , about 6000 migrants are now stuck in transit in austria . 
  there are few entries through other border crossings , a private group has been transporting about 100 persons per day from budapest to vienna . 
  it is not clear what will happen in the next days . 
  there will be a similar number of entries on monday . 
  it is not clear if they can proceed to germany . 
  the irregular train that left vienna at 5 pm terminated in salzburg , apparently noone from that train was able to enter germany . 
  most of the incomming migrants will get stuck in austria unless germany takes them in which seems not too likely as de maiziere said that germany would act according to the dublin rules . 
  on tuesday , hungary will close its border to serbia . 
  this may cause the number of incomming migrants to decrease for this week . 
  the police expects , that migrants will try to circumvent the then closed border via croatia and slovenia before trying to enter austria . 
  the border between austria and slovenia runs through alpine territory , it is impossible to cross it illegally . 
  if austria was to install controlls , migrants would have to either register or apply for asylum at the border . 
  unless they are able to continue to germany , they would get stuck in austria . 
  illegally crossing the border to germany would be very difficult . 
  the german border to austria can be easily controlled . 
  the border most western part of the border runs through a lake , then throughand open and flat landscape north of bregenz in the state of vorarlberg . 
  this quickly changes in the mountainous bregenzer wald . 
  the border is mostly impassable between this region and salzburg . 
  the only exception are are 10-20 valleys which could be closed with minor effort . 
  between salzburg and passau , the border runs along the river inn . 
  crossings are only possible on bridges , which can be closed even easier . 
  there are five kilometers of border line near passau , where germany stretches across the river inn . 
  this almost suburban region would require a certain level of ressources to be tightly closed . 
  the border then continues for 20 kilometers along the river danube . 
  the only bridge is the jochenstein power station . 
  the border then continues through a rural , hilly region for 40 kilometers until it reaches the bohemian forrest where the common border ends . 
  migrants may be able to cross this last section , but they have almost no way of getting there , as public transport is almost not existant in this region thanks to the conservative state government . 
  given this situation , i would expect most of the incomming migrants to get stuck in austria unless germany takes them in which seems not too likely as de maiziere said that germany would act according to the dublin rules . 
  austria may be able to organize quarters which are sufficient for a single night , but there are no permanent quarters . 
  since june , local authorities have been struggling to organize quarters , during the summer , school gyms were used as mass quarters . 
  in the last days , unused government buildings which were scheduled for removal were opened as mass quarters while the army erected tents at the nickelsdorf border station . 
  however , none of them appear to be habitable if it gets colder . 
  we use to have night temperatures of less than 10 \u00b0 in october . 
  at this point , it appears if noone knew what to do . 
  the likely scenario for the next days is , that  5.000 migrants will enter austria per day . 
  it may not be possible to get them to germany , but it may also not be possible to get them back to hungary or other neighbouring countries .
