  these riots and other things like the antisemitism and the misogynism that is presented by people with migrationary background indicates , that there is a group , that objects basic values of our society . 
  it may not be identical with all migrants and it may not consist of a very large number of people . 
  the simple fact of their existence should be reason to worry . 
  the problem seems to be , that the majority is expected to be tolerant against minorities and that the majority is held accountable if integration fails . 
  the failure - especially of the left - is , that the unwillingness of some minorities to integrate is not adressed . 
  my preference would be the rail parts of the ten . 
  we could have such a nice rail transport across the continent if many main routes would be at the state of the 19th century . 
  my preferences would be : 1 ) ten 22 [ athens-sofia-sidearm to bucuresti-budapest-bratislava-vienna-prague -  existing german network ] ( http://tentea.ec.europa.eu/images/maps/priority_projects/pp22.png ) 2 ) [ rail baltica ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rail_baltica ) with the prosposed [ baltic-adriatic corridor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic-adriatic_corridor ) 3 ) ten 6 : lyon-trieste-ljubljana-budapest-ukranian boarder at gross costs of 30 billion $ , these lines will connect metropolitan areas in mostly eastern europe with a catchment area of 150 million people . 
  if the remaining 100 bn $ were still to spend , it should be thrown at regional rail lines and urban light rails . 
  in the last 50 years , billions went into the construction of motorways , that turn out to be useless as the available amount of oil gets less and less and emissions become a growing problem . 
  a well-developed rail transport network is the only option to provide energy - and coast-effective mobility . 
  by the way : the european commision should stop trying to destroy public transport operations owned by the public . 
  privatising public transport has always turned out to destroy networks and services at increasing coasts . 
  linz , austria : http://www.fotocommunity.com/pc/pc/pcat/526057/display/25503286 sadly , there are plans for a motorway bridge across the river right at this place , that would destroy most parts of the forrest . 
  i dispute the claim , that pictures of houses have got anything to do with privacy . 
  in fact , there is nothing more public , than a houses facade . 
  i do n't think , that there is an explanation for this fear of street view . 
  the debates , that started then were quite obscure . 
  prosposed a law , that would have required every photographer to ask the owner of buildings he had photographed for permission to publish the images . 
  this would have been the end of the postcard . 
  the real problem with these debates was , that the freedom of panorama came under assault . 
  the freedom of panorama is a very important right , that allows taking photos in public spaces and publishing them . 
  if the freedom of panorama falls , it would become possible to prevent anyone from publishing photos , that were taken in public spaces . 
  this could be terribly abused . 
  just imagine someone , who witnesses an illegal action , but is not allowed to make a photo of the situation public due to the missing freedom of panorama . 
  in fact , street view has been basically banned . 
  there is a commision on data protection , that had given google terms for publishing the images , that could not be fullified . 
  as far as i remember , this commision had a problem with everyone beeing able to acess photos of streets . 
  this commision , that remained quiet , when acta was discussed has also banned dashcams for cars recently . 
  i hate the commission for data protection with great passion , as they are working on abolishing the freedom of panorama , that guarantees the ability to take photos in public spaces and to publish them . 
  austria/vienna : + elections for the state parliament are beeing held in tyrol today . 
  the conservative peoples party , that is connected to 4 other participating parties , is expected to win with heavy losses . 
  exit polls will be released at 17 pm . 
  + the national-socialist party is loosing support . 
  after scoring record losses in the carynthian state-elections , the party is expected to score further losses in todays elections in tirol . 
  + the new neoliberal party of frank stronach has not yet been confirmed to be satire . 
  + the conservative peoples party still supports the banking secrecy . 
  the party also backs farmers , that made fraudulent claims in order to get more subsidies , suggesting , that illegitimately received subsidies from the eu should be paid back by the farmers but rather by the federal budget . 
  + building shitstorm against the city councellor for environmental affairs for destroying a park , that was a protected nature reservation + despite continuing protests , the town government refuses to convert the bus line 13a into a tramway route and insists on building subway lines into the rural parts of town . 
  some things need to be noted about this . 
  cyprus is a taxhaven . 
  cypritoic banks have specialized on raising capital with promises of high interrest rates . 
  zypricotic banks have offered 4,5 % on 2-year deposits at the beginning of this year . 
  i have renewed a 2-year deposit at my austrian bank with 0,7 % interest rates . 
  people , who put their money into cypriotic deposits knew , that the high interest rates correspond with more riskful investments , the banks have to make to meet the necassary revenues . 
  the problem with cyprus is , that its banking sector is about 7 times larger than the rest of its economy . 
  previous gouvernments have ignored , that this large financial sector could put the nation at risk . 
  at least the case of ireland shoud have made them suspicous . 
  the cypriotic crisis has been caused by lacking regulations on the financial sector . 
  if the other option is causing a recession , taxing the highest deposits is not a bad option . 
  owners of deposits larger than 100.000 $ are not `` small savers '' , as claimed in the article . 
  the other reason , why i feel little empathy for the owners of those large deposits is , that cyprus has not exchanged information with other countries , that could have been used to fight tax fraud . 
  cyprus has also become a switch point for money laundering . 
  the `` typical small saver '' , der spiegel claims to see might be a russian oligarch or a western european , who has parked black money . 
  one lesson from the ongoing crisis must be , that banks should not be left to get too big to fail . 
  banks do not generate the benefits , that are worth putting economies at risk . 
  according to last weeks media reports , the cypriotic government still believes , that having a oversized financial industry would be beneficial on the long run . 
  since 2008 , people kept believing , that somewhen , the unregulated finincial markets would become efficient and profitable again . 
  if the finicial sector would have been regulated in 2008 , the situation of cyprus could have been much more harmless . 
  your provider likely does n't exist since more than 30 years . 
  water supply infrastructures are planned to exist for a much longer time . 
  the private operators benefit from infrastructures , that were built by the public . 
  it is unlikely , that these operators will be able to replace the net , if it reaches its maximal lifetime . 
  i have found a source , that claims , that the price of tap water in the uk has risen by 46 % between 1989 and 1999 ( inflation adjusted ) . 
  there are sources , that claim , that the water supply infrastructure was sold below its real worth . 
  the pipe network in london suffers from heavy leakages , while the dividend is about 25 % of the revenue . 
  there are other examples of failed provatisations of water supply networks in germany or the netherlands . 
  water comming out of the tap is not the only criterion for a working system . 
  my water provider is owned by the town i live in . 
  i get water with a great mineralic taste , there have never been any problems , the price is quite cheap . 
  in the eyes of those neoconservatives , this must be pure evil . 
  i do n't see the point in paying a private operator for doing , what the public operator does on a non-profit-basis . 
  private operators need to earn their revenues somehow . 
  claiming , that privatisations will rise standards is pure nonsense . 
  there are no cases , in which privatisations have made things better , its quite the opposite . 
  british rail was one of the most effective railways in the world and operated a dense net . 
  after its privatisation , many lines were vlosed , the railway system needed more subventions than before . 
  another case of a failed privatisation is the case of the rstonian railways . 
  within 5 years , the new owners rendered the infrastruture inoperable , the state had to pay it back for twice the price it earned by selling it . 
  another case is that of the austrian postal service , that was partially privatised and is unable to deliver ore than 50 % of my mail . 
  i am tired of the neoconservative `` private owners will make everything better '' fairytale . 
  there is no evidence to support this claim . 
  we could now start a discussion about the theoretical nature of this party . 
  i think the issuecan be solved easier by looking at their facebook-pages . 
  if theparty basis and members regularly demand to reopen concentration camps , to put migrants into gas chambers and to execute left politicans , then the party is clearly rightextremist . 
  links to such posts are collected on www.eaudestrache.at, 
  early results : * conservatives : 35,8 % * right extremists : 31,5 % * social democrats : 17,9 % * greens : 10,2 % * neoliberals : 3,7 % ( currently under the threeshold ) 11 % of the votes are currently counted , mostly from rural communities . 
  the elections are for the state parliament ( the governor is elected indirectly ) and for the communal councils . 
  the vote about the bridge is only held in the state capital linz . 
  the right extremists are predicted to come close to the conservaties , but they are unlikely to get the most votes . 
  the referendum over the bridge is part of a major mess . 
  there is a regional rail line going from linz to an area northwest . 
  there is - or better was - a branch line that connected this branch line to the main station on the western line , which is part of ten 17 . 
  years ago , it was propesed to improve the rail line and extend it via the branch line and a new tunnel to the main station . 
  this was blocked by the conservatives and the right extremists , who then formed the federal government . 
  now , the state had the idea to build an underground tramway with a 900mm-gauge , that would connect to the regional rail line , which would also be changed to 900mm . 
  this plan would not form an functional urban rail system . 
  the tramway would be slower than the rail line , which has never been improved . 
  the route within linz would have far too much stops and it would not and at the main station , but rather in at a place without any relevance . 
  it would be expensive , but it would not bring a real improvement .
