  `` i like pasta with ketchup . '', 
  italians gets triggered for some reason . 
  it 's delicious, 
  that 's because all the gays in the country decide to move to stockholm because its more `` open '' . 
  my friend moved there as he was one out of two ( known ) gays in the town . 
  you are from istanbul . 
  you literally live next door to greece !, 
  dude , almost everyone knows who she is . 
  she 's mainstream . 
  ah , thanks for correction . 
  i like the history around the region and the ere in particular, 
  why do they have statues of alexander the great ? 
  the real macedonia is in greece . 
  his birthplace , pella ( thessaloniki ) is in greece . 
  horse is gn\u00c4gg, 
  of all the cities of the world , why glasgow ? 
  learning something new every day, 
  wut , i always thought she was american, 
  and then there is australia who begged to join since they actually like the show, 
  the uk should pick someone well known too that doesnt sing a ballad . 
  would be top 3 easily, 
  also you dont really have neighbours you 're connected to or countries of similar culture . 
  sweden has the nordic countries and the baltic in their backpocket for lots of delicious points, 
  historical shame is something foreigners try and label us while they are completely unaware that we are way too smug for that, 
  fucking carpet sellers in istanbul, 
  turkey going full retard does wonders for the greek economy . 
  cant imagine the turks who makes a living off of tourists in western turkey are happy about such shenanigans . 
  because bag in box wine became a fad that then stuck , i think, 
  luckily we have twice the size of your air force to keep going even if we lose some artillery , and the air game is frankly more important than artillery, 
  i 'll be sure to make a topic on reddit called `` you can infact hit denmark with a high powered assault rifle from sweden '', 
  i 'm gon na be working in helsingborg soon so i might just try and see if i can hit the town across , no offense . 
  might be hard to explain to the cops why i 'm carrying an assault rifle shooting towards dk but what the hell, 
  i cant believe you did the math, 
  nah we make our own stuff https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/archer_artillery_system, 
  in my defense i am very sick right now . 
  you can stand with a very high powered assault rifle around \u00f6stersund and probably hit sweden so its not that impressive, 
  it was nothing up there but reindeers , mammoths and giants, 
  gustav vasa , basically tywin lannister but with shorter temper, 
  sweden said fuck you to the german nobles and abolished the serfdom when it annexed estonia, 
  its kinda funny when you brand sweden as muslims , as we brand the gypsies that occupy the sidewalk outside every convenience store as romanians, 
   anyway , `` rui '' \u745e is a really good word , meaning `` blessed '' , much better than \u4e39\u9ea6 for demark . 
  nah , it was alright . 
  keep in mind that i was a young adult who had just graduated from highschool and had never had a job before in my life . 
  the army provided everything i needed or wanted . 
  i usually had a few crowns to spare after each month actually , even if take the thursday-party days in consideration . 
  the money i did have to spare i spent on candy or spices to bring out in the field because mre 's tastes like shit . 
  when i was a conscript ( in 2009 before it became professional ) the pay was $ 220 a month ( which i obviously spent on alcohol every thursday ) . 
  i heard the professional soldiers got something ridiculous like $ 1679 to $ 2099 a month , ie barely enough to get by in a cheap ass apartment . 
  and outta those 4000 only roughly 2000 would make it through alive ( spartan ii program had 75 recruits before augmentation , and 33 survived it ), 
  the italian meatballs looks like some pre-fabricated gross stuff . 
  2/10 would not eat, 
  its a pur\u00e9 , we just call it mashed potatoes in english, 
  see , if you all bought gripen and cv 90s we wouldnt have this problem . 
  while we 're at it , leonardo da vinci 's tank should count as well, 
  thats because you think of a ship going 1 v 1 in a battle . 
  the viking ship is powerful because it could sail anywhere and you could easily move it through land . 
  huh , til, 
  i mean when compared to other countries, 
  judging by the minor amount of carbon dioxide released it should n't be that dirty, 
  it 's a combination of a cold climate and a advanced and highly energy consuming infrastructure . 
  worth noting is that the country releases very little carbon dioxide in comparison to the high amount of electricity used , as we get a lot of energy from nuclear power and from water power plants, 
   hear a public statement from a swedish chief of police that was n't rooted in absolute stupidity . 
  our chief of police is an absolute retard though . 
  hundreds of police has quit their jobs because of him, 
  they barely have downtime and if there is time they probably are busy doing paperwork . 
  they are very understaffed . 
  sure , there are unfortunate fellows who can not move out of these areas . 
  such as myself when i had a low income . 
  and then i got a job , earned some money and moved out . 
  simple . 
  that is a problem , indeed . 
  and that problem is worked at and continues to be worked at . 
  your comment does n't make sense . 
  do you imply there are n't low economy areas in prague , warsaw or bratisalva that you 'd rather avoid at night ? 
  go ahead , show them . 
  i voiced my experience , as someone who has actually been there and did n't experience any of these no go zones . 
  oh , also , i read some articles about organ-stealing being performed by israeli soldiers on lebanese childern a few years back . 
  is this true ? 
  i mean , i read it in a newspaper , clearly its true . 
  i 've actually been there . 
  did some construction jobs . 
  didnt have any problems except some kids had broken in one night and stole an anglegrinder and painted with graffiti . 
  i felt completely safe the month i was there . 
  at night time it would probably be a bit dangerous , but who enters low economy areas at nighy ? 
  the so called no go zone exists only in the mind of scared people pushing agendas, 
   and no , russia wo n't invade gotland . 
  nice try putin, 
  mostly when danes encounter us we are either in the process of buying alcohol , already drunk or on our way throuh to germany to buy alcohol . 
  stereotype kinda makes sense, 
  i dont really feel european either . 
  for me european is ` something down there ' on the continent while scandinavia is something else . 
  feels like the paper is exaggerating a bit, 
  dont talk and just do what everyone else is doing, 
  its been a trend for a couple of years to name children with anglicised names . 
  for the boys at least . 
  its not that prelavent but enough to be noticed, 
  we play multiplayer games, 
   the \u00d8resund bridge danish infiltrator, 
  true , the european gun cultures are nothing like the us . 
  just watch demolitionranch on youtube .
