i 'm for . 
  sweden and the ukraine are eternal allies against the russians . 
  haha , if only !, 
  today the snow decided to grace us with its presence . 
  a little late , but it was mixed with rain and wind and 1 + degrees so thats alright . 
  you talk about cold weather . 
  let 's talk about warm weather . 
  one day it reached 27 degrees and i honestly thought i was going to die . 
  the article said because of the money . 
  i reckon she makes a decent amount of money from it . 
  otherwise she 'd probably stop . 
  tipping is uncivilized . 
  oh well i never liked football anyway . . 
  dont forget that we stole pretty much everything too, 
  the latvian performance in the olympics cant be forgotten, 
  obviously finland since they and the czech are the only ones besides us that are quite good at hockey . 
  denmark and norway for being total bros. . estonia , latvia and poland for our glorious history togheter !, 
  tfw only a dane likes us . . 
  you get so depressed when you lose every time , so you 're welcome , 
  yeah but that 's vacation !, 
  both our countries probably have one of the highest numbers * during the weekend * . 
  we basically do n't drink at all during the work week . 
  ** sweden !, 
  ** we may or may not have found a submarine that may or may not have been russian . 
  defense spending will be upped , at least . 
  prince carl-phillip is getting married . 
  that 's it i suppose . 
  it 's just a parody of the forest turk, 
  i was going to complain that you call yourself northern european , but then i realised that you are n't estonian . 
  [ combat turk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsklnyeomdi ) also the adventure of kaj , who swam out of picture . 
  [ kaj ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xf8bejji6zk ), 
  i use both . 
  i have no idea why, 
  spelled euro , pronounced evvro, 
  the rocky island closest looks kind of like a sickly grey vagina descending into water, 
  do n't apologise for me . 
  i 'm with vattenfall, 
  the germans . . they have this strange fascination of our country . . 
  the germans . . they have this strange fascination of our country . . 
  sweden : we 've got the skogsr\u00e5 , a sort of female spirit that queens over parts of the deep forests , where she tricks wanderers and hunters into falling in love with her and have intercourse . 
  once the wanderer or hunter makes it back to civilisation ( provided he was n't eaten in the forest , or starved to death ) they show signs of having lost their minds . 
  the skogsr\u00e5 is portrayed as a fair maiden from the front , in a pretty dress . 
  the difference is that she has the tail of a fox that sometimes becomes visible from underneath the dress - and she has a hollow back , similar to a hollow tree . 
  here 's a section of tomtar : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tomte n\u00e4cken : the n\u00e4cken 's were male water spirits who played enchanted songs on the violin , luring women and children to drown in lakes or streams . 
  they were depicted as beautiful men , who played the violin so beautifully that the one who heard it would be enchanted - tricked into the water - and drowned . 
  they were also shapeshifters , and often took on the form of a beautiful horse who tricked children into riding them - down into the lake or stream , and then drowning them . 
  of course , we 've got trolls and elfs and giants and wights and what not . 
  but the above mentioned are the more prominent . 
  i remember when i was a kid . 
  living in a very forested country , we often went to the forest with the class during school on some sort of class trip . 
  the teachers often told us about n\u00e4cken and the skogsr\u00e5 and the trolls and other supernatural beings living in the forest . 
  i naturally became terrified of it , and thought i saw these beings everywhere . 
  i had a very vivid imagination as a child . 
  actually it was n't , lol . 
  nice find !, 
  you bet people are pissed !, 
  ** sweden !!, 
  ** the minister of environment - also the vice prime minister \u00c5sa romson had charges pressed against her as apparently she had used a poisonous copper tinted color on the bottom of her house boat - which is both illegal and harmful to the environment . 
  the new leftist coalition had been in power for all of two weeks , and then this happens . 
  which i find hilarious . 
  but alas the charges were dropped because of bureaucracy . 
  not much else happened . 
  question is how they plan to enforce it . . `` fucked any hookers in amsterdam ? '', 
  `` nope , but i smoked a load of weed '' `` alright , have a nice day ! '', 
  no , they replaced it with another type, 
  i 'd dare say the silliness and idiocy of our press are on par with british tabloids . 
  ** sweden !, 
  ** the company behind the popular christmas snack , [ aladdin ] ( http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/aladdin_ ( choklad ) , removed one of the chocolates in the container - a chocolate called `` triple nut '' or `` triple nuts '' or something like that , and the entire country went mental , proclaiming the christmas to be ruined . 
  football and then hockey and computer games, 
  that 's true . 
  the only european countries of any relevancy are the uk , france and germany . 
  because the netherlands are so relevant . 
  sold any wooden shoes recently ? 
   m.a. 
  numminen - som en gummiboll . 
  finland swedish cover of a swedish song , 1977 . 
  never did i ever expect to see lasse holm mentioned on reddit . 
  and certainly not that song . 
  he 's speaking with a very heavy stockholm accent ( like rikssvenska , only over-the-top ) . 
  he 's also incredibly over the top !, 
  i met a dude who did military service with him ( he was a chef in the navy , serving in a boat ) who said that he cooked fantastic food when they were deployed . 
  also , youtube ` arga snickaren ' and you 'll find a very similar man to alexander nilsson , 
  i remember i had turned the tv off from depression , only to have my mum screaming at me to turn it back on like 30 minutes later !, 
  arga kocken . 
  i think . 
  meh , we only care if we win . 
  that said . . 6-5 . 
  i do n't know if that would work . 
  we 're pretty smug around foreigners . 
  . . if they 're smart . 
  i know some who spent it all at once !, 
  best ones so far !, 
  there are no norwegian micky dee workers . 
  they 're all swedish, 
  sounds better in swedish lol, 
  interesting article . 
  the author kind of missed that the swedish democrats are in favour of israel and jews though . 
  when an american once started talking to me in a queue i assumed he was on drugs and wanted to rob me or kill me or something . . 
  ** sweden ** the country is mourning in memory of the ms estonia disaster 20 years ago , where 852 swedes , finns and estonians drowned in the baltic sea . 
  why is it still warm ?
