  i 'm sure it 's similar in many other western countries . 
  the king is not pleased with you forgetting your own country , myrpou . 
  you forgot to mention how the trans . 
  companies seem to forget that we get snow six months of the year , thus the trains and tracks breaking down completely . 
  it 's like `` huh , we got snow this year too ? 
  reindeer skins are quite good at keeping you warm !, 
  depends if it 's during a holiday or not . 
  fuck that . 
  our king is fabulous . 
  1 ) i like turkey , mainly because of the history surrounding the region . 
  the roman/byzantine , seljuk , rum and ottoman history is fascinating . 
  2 ) we have a couple of thousand turks here in sweden . 
  most of them are very nice people who have integrated well into society and are in general an okay bunch . 
  then there are some who turned ghetto . 
  i 'm not a big fan of them . 
  i like that turks are very western and yet at the same time are eastern . 
  it 's a nice blend of two cultures . 
  3 ) very slim . 
  especially with the current government . 
  4 ) did n't know about the turkish government until the protests started really . 
  he 's obviously not very popular among a lot of people . 
  5 ) do n't know much about him , but all the turks i 've talked to regard him as a saint . 
  we had a dane , a norwegian and bellman jokes . 
  not sure why we replaced ourselves with bellman . 
  good man . 
  sm\u00f6rg\u00e5st\u00e5rta - http://www.nissesconditori.se/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/smorgastarta.jpg yep , cakes are considered proper dishes in sweden . 
  that particular sort in the picture is my favourite . 
  sweden looks like a dragon with folded wings diving towards denmark , ready for the kill . 
  haha , 
  well . . you 're correct . 
  sounds like a good man . 
  i have a question about danish beer culture . 
  is swedish beer common there ? 
  sweden , gothia cup started in gothenburg . 
  hordes of screaming kids from all over the world will occupy the city for some time , while the citizens flee the city to get away . 
  people can place an order at their local systembolag for the bewerage provided that systembolaget has got a deal with the local brewery to sell their produce . 
  i agree with you that it 's pretty dumb not being able to buy their goods where they produce them , though . 
  it 's sweden 's chicago if anything . 
   hugging is an entirely acceptable way of greeting someone , starting from the second time you meet them . 
  it 's way awkward . 
  we nordics are known for being socially awkward/autistic , yet we hug everyone we meet . 
  odd . 
  do n't forget h&m and all the other vast companies . 
  ikea did nothing wrong . 
  does n't matter what anyone says . 
  ikea ai n't never done nothin ' wrong . 
  an heavy \u00d6stg\u00f6tisk dialect sounds funny as hell !, 
  reminds me of when i watch the news about some event or scandal in , say , italy and they bring in an expert to the panel who explains the event or scandal , and always ends the sentence with : `` of course , that 's not how we do it in sweden . '', 
  or `` in sweden , we 've got different rules '' --  the swedish way is the best way . 
  ** sweden ** well , we had summer for about two weeks . 
  but our lord , winter , decided that we had enough and made a return . 
  summer has not been seen since . 
  i saw some when i went to spain . 
  there 's actually quite a lot of pressure on young people to move out as quickly as possible once they hit ~ 20 . 
  i moved when i was 22 , and by then most of my friends had already gotten their own places . 
  the mentality of people seem to be like : if you do n't have your own place by at least 24 , you need to get your shit togheter . 
  he 's pretty too : http://articles.cdn.singaporebrides.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/prince-carl-philip.jpeg, 
  i heard prince carl-filip of swe was looking for something to rule . 
  interested ? 
  oh . . god damn it . 
  only two nordic countries in the top 5 ? 
  you guys are slipping , denmark and finland . 
  i did the same , but with t2 . 
  i was one of the last batch of conscripts in sweden . 
  i can sum it up with three words : shooting , cleaning & waiting . 
  [ meanwhile , in finland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moyv7zmodck ), 
  our ( ultra ) feminists and the media climate ( aftonbladet , p3 for example ) , basically . 
  haha , yeah . 
  ronaldo and portugal really deserve that spot !, 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard a swede refer to themselves as european . 
  it 's always us being nordic , and the europeans living `` down there on the continent '' . 
  should 've been zlatan vs germany . . 
  one of the few good ones , gone . 
  hell no . 
  we already are , 
  i think there 'd actually be some commotion . 
  peasants has traditionally always enjoyed certain rights ( unlike the ones during feudal times on the continent ) and if a king or noble challenged these rights , there would surely be a revolt . 
  5 % of our countrymen did not vote for f !, 
  during the eu elections . 
  the only reason they even received such a number is that the f !, 
  voters are very politically active and even bothered to show up whereas people voting for `` normal '' parties did n't bother . 
  i 'd be surprised if they even got 2 % for the national election . . edit : actually , in the 2010 election they received a whooping 0.40 percent of the eligible votes . 
  well , that 's equality if anything . 
  treating everybody the same , 
  is n't a streak of insanity a trait of house vasa , though ? 
  ai n't nothing better to listen to when going for that heavy deadlift !, 
  and i especially appreciate how they sing about the common swedish and finnish history . 
  if all the legends concerning gustav vasa are true , then he 's pretty damn cool as well !, 
  wow , that 's really cool !, 
  he was awesome . 
  and fat . 
  charles xii is another popular pick . 
  but that dude just did n't know when to quit . 
  lol, 
  same here . 
  but that 's mostly because our politicians are nuts and it 'd be a pain in the ass to have any of them as presidents . 
  you 'd think we would hear reports of it all the time with the amount of tourists there . 
  i meant the north as the common word for the nordic region of europe , not the `` the north '' region of sweden , 
  i 've been to britain , and there were n't really many good looking people that i saw there . 
  pretty much the same in the rest of europe outside of the north , i think .
