  god damn it hungary . . 
  have n't you been taught not to drink foreign water ? 
  * me too . 
  holland is used more than nederl\u00e4nderna, 
  no , teenagers are idiots . 
  we won the battles but did n't win the war . 
  guess why russia wo n't invade . 
  they 're afraid of turning gay . 
  but the slavs have never warred persians !, 
  a feminazistic islamic matronic caliphate where all the white men are killed or used as slave labour . 
  that 's what i gather from reading reddit , anyway, 
  it clearly must be the pilot 's fault . 
  or the weather . 
  or some bird . 
  or god . 
  gripen is flawless . 
  a jolly mix of anarchists and leftists, 
  `` rape capital of the world '' and does n't put india on the top . 
  a good bearnaise requires butter . 
  what do the mediterranians know about cooking anyway ? 
  i 'm not sure we have any ? 
  only this time - some kind of celebration thing, 
  people talk like the baltics will be the foremost societies in the next five years while the nordic countries has mysteriously halted in development . 
  show me the sources for that truth . 
  i mean , sure , that 's part of the reason , but that 's not the entire fucking reason for it . 
  because we are better than them in everything !, 
  man , our school results has been going down for at least 10 years . 
  it all started when i finished 9th grade . 
  partly true . 
  we allso have zero school discipline and hardly pay the teachers anything which of course doesnt help . 
  12 years ago sure, 
  that 's fine , i got my war-placement order last week , actually . 
  first they remove me as a reservist , and now they want me back . . 
  it was easter . 
  russians disrespect our alcohol culture . 
  a relatively large air force . 
  not much else . . 
  haha yeah, 
  i predict that it will be spent on around 10,000 extra staff members instead of additional infantry , tanks and planes . 
  i think that denmark is a pretty cool place, 
  finland , so we can win every hockey game ever, 
  well , we put a stone there . 
  yeah , i mean that 's my point . 
  sweden and finland could very easily be absorbed by the soviets if sweden entered the war . 
  alright , finland gets run over . 
  there will be resistance movements being a nuisance to soviet supply lines , while the soviets are bombing malm\u00f6 , karlskrona , stockholm , and the other big cities . 
  soon the mass executions will begin in finland in order to root out the resistance . 
  the resistance stops their operations . 
  the fighting continues one month later in sweden . 
  the soviets are close to the swedish ore mines . 
  the nazis deploy from narvik in order to blow the ore mines up in order to deny the soviet the resource . 
  the entire north soon falls as fighting continues in stockholm . 
  stockholm looks more like stalingrad than the venice of the north it used to be . 
  foreign fighters swarm to sweden in order to fight the soviets as the supplies are near zero . 
  the civilians are starving . 
  sweden is running out of ammunition as the west still stands . 
  desperate , sweden asks nazi germany for help - officially joining the axis . 
  germany swarms through sweden from denmark and norway , pushing the soviets back , while supplying the population with food . 
  half of sweden has been liberated from the soviet forces . 
  one year later , with sweden supplied with axis material , it begins to push back into occupied finland . 
  the front grinds to a halt in lappland . 
  soon , the luck begins to turn for the axis , and germany is forced to commit more to the eastern front and withdraws its forces from sweden/finland . 
  the soviets are pushing the swedes back , and the front is quickly overrun one month later . 
  with no help from the axis , and the materiel running out , sweden is forced to sign a peace treaty with the soviets . 
  the peace treaty is humiliating . 
  sweden loses the island of gotland , and are forced to pay 10 % of its annual bnp for 80 years . 
  1,000,000 people are dead , and the infrastructure is absolutely ruined . 
  sweden forced to give up the jews that had sought rescue there to the ss as they went through sweden - and famine is rampant . 
  man , that would n't have made any difference at all in regards to soviet aggression . 
  yes , the winter war would last longer - but eventually we would get stomped . 
  by 1940 sweden was far from ready to fight . 
  and when the winter war started we sent all our stuff to finland . 
  you would , would n't you . . 
  nobody gives a shit if you 're religious or not . 
  religious people does n't talk about their beliefs ( excluding the jehovas guys ) and atheists does n't talk about their non-beliefs . 
  we 're all the same people , no matter what you believe in . 
  i think most people here would laugh at or even scorn / r/atheism . 
  makes me want to do a petition and get a couple of thousand signatures , bring it to the newspapers , and basically force the gov to act . 
  they 'd probably want to avoid that pr nightmare . 
  i wonder why they arent sending down rations . 
  8000 ckal over the course of three meals, 
  i suppose that sends a message, 
  gustav vasa , basically tywin lannister, 
  if we count the kalmar union i think of christian the tyrant who went all red wedding and invited 80 prominent swedish nobles to stockholm for some kind of courtesy thing . 
  he then locked the city gates and beheaded them all . 
  most interesting : greece and turkey . 
  least interesting : uk and belgium, 
  royal thai was some horrid stuff, 
  in true army fashion - improve with equally bad stuff . 
  i hope they will make a beautiful park there so that the people can enjoy the view , having picnics there and stuff . 
  the swedish : http://i1233.photobucket.com/albums/ff392/panzer-fan/img_0153.jpg i remember that the main dish was so vile that i mostly only ate the energy bars and chocolate ( 2000 kcal right there ) and crackers . 
  some of the guys used to smuggle barbercue spices and sauce to make the dish tastier , but the underlying core of rotten food smells was there . 
  the great northern war up to poltava . 
  russians got majorly rekt for a while . 
  are you sure you were supposed to reply to me ? 
  eastern roman empire reunited !, 
  i 'd like italy or greece very much . 
  they have cheap alcohol and its warm there . 
  norway , finland or denmark, 
  im not anti-social .
