  i do n't critisize ( spelling ? ), 
  american law enforcement since it 's a huge frigging country and has tens of thousands of police officers , but as i said , the damage is done . 
  do they want to lose the next election or something ? 
  true dat . 
  i think that was riga . 
  the creators of the video has apparently never tasted swedish kebabpizza !, 
  [ behold , deliciousness !, 
  that 's what everybody keeps shouting in this country , yet the politicians do nothing . 
  it 's still very tall by swedish standards , considering turning torso is the tallest building ( ? ), 
  stockholm 's thankfully started building some highrises - though not in the city core ( it would look weird as hell ) . 
  gothenburg is going to build an extremely tall building soon though , which would coincidentally look like a long middle-finger , pointing towards denmark . 
  english is only used for `` some '' radio talks amongst nato members + sweden , such as `` radiocheck '' and numbers, 
  most people training here generally adapts the entire lifestyle ie moderate amount of alcohol , little fast food etc. 
  quite a difference , 
  it 's both to attract partners , vanity and a sense of `` hey , what else am i going to do '' you know :p haha , sounds interesting man !, 
  is it poland ? 
  i attempted three times to write down what i do , but man , translating swedish construction terms to english is more difficult than i anticipated , lol  anyway , i 'm quite fortunate that my job is varied . 
  i work with cement facades , concrete walls if you will , that are polished and grinded to give them a shine . 
  white cement mixed with white marble , for example . 
  i repair damaged areas , i fix cracks , i sand and grind and generally make them look nice , as they tend to get damaged during construction . 
  the days i get a sky lift are the days i 'm lucky , as i do n't have to haul everything with me . 
  a normal work day is standing in a lift 45 meters in the air trying to fix hard shit so that the company will get paid . 
  the days i do n't get a lift are dreadful . 
  imagine climbing a scaffold 25 meters high , 50 meters wide with bags of concrete , buckets , tools , grindsaws , cables , compressor , and shit up and down a scaffold 25 + times , and then successfully do your job , repair the damage , grind this and saw that . 
  and then you have to do it all over again . 
  and again . 
  my pop who 's 49 is totally burned out , been in and out of surgery for 10 + times and he 's been doing the same thing for 20 years . 
  i travel around the country to where i 'm needed . 
  that 's the shit i do more often than i 'd like . 
  and then i work out . 
  but my salary is extremely good so i do n't mind . 
  of course , sometimes i get easy jobs that take less than a day , where i can take my shirt off on the rare occassion that there will be sun ( swedish summer , lol ) and just fix some damaged areas and then call it a day . 
  sometimes it 's raining and i ca n't do anything at all , and am allowed to go home !, 
  an easy target for pickpockets is what i think, 
  your close knitted griends are n't representative of swedish political views though . 
  i 'm swedish , i work as a construction worker for 8 hours a day . 
  i also work out 6 days a week . 
  not everone 's got a deskjob, 
  i 've read that as well . 
  the gripen may not be the best on paper but with well trained pilots it can perform incredibly well, 
  man , does nobody respect national holidays anymore ? 
  swedish air force and navy mixed with finnish army - success, 
  seems like russia never got over the great northern war . 
  russia and sweden starts world war 3 . 
  yep , 
  that 's the problem with our government . 
  they assume all of the refugees want to stay here forever when in reality many of them just want to go home when everything calms down . 
  part of the problem is on the refugees as well of course . 
  if hostilities show no sign of ending then you should at least try to integrate . 
  that 's why you buy all of your spirits in charlottenberg , right ? 
  lol , yeah . 
  the russians are coming ? 
  let me just finish my beer seeing as it 's easter . . oh , i had twelve more . . well , i 'm sure it 's nothing serious . '', 
  that 's some swedish mentality if nothing else , haha . 
  i hope some heads were chopped off for that embarrassment . 
  seriously . 
  if they were heaps of junk people would n't buy them . 
  and in international exercises they 've always performed really well - mostly thanks to our excellent pilots . 
  they 're roughly comparable to something inbetween f16 and f18 . 
  some military expert could probably correct me on that one . 
  comes with not being at war for that entire time . 
  the media being sensationalist . 
  nothing new there . 
  is n't it like 2-4 swedes who have went there ? 
  was * in greece , sorry . 
  constantinople is in greece , though . 
  some vikings probably went down to greece and became varangians before returning to sweden immensely rich . 
  that 's about it , i suppose . 
  huh , did n't know that . 
  you did n't learn that our queen is german ? 
  to be fair , finland was n't a province or a colony . 
  by sweden then and now it was simply considered `` east sweden '' , similarly how the byzantines viewed anatolia . 
  estonia , latvia and pomerania and all the other were provinces however , but all part of the realm . 
  this is basically correct . 
  what the fuck is that . 
  well . . at least we 'll win the hockey championship . . 
  that we 're still better than you at hockey, 
  41 % yes 39 % no 20 % denmark, 
  who ? 
  most people are pretty neutral i think . 
  i 'd say there are more who likes them than there are people who dont . 
  in sweden we use ` du ' for everone except the royalty, 
  he 's a nice guy, 
  esti and latvia used to be part of our empire , and are thus cool countries . 
  lithuania i know nothing about, 
  i see nothing wrong with that, 
  we stole denmarks and put better colours in it . 
  england or france, 
  `` well , you see , the boats were just recently repainted and the water might scrape some paint off so maybe we should wait 'til next week to check it out ? 
  also , i have a cake in the oven . '', 
  `` yeeeeeeaaah , it 's just that , you know , we 're on vacation right now . 
  but hey !, 
  you know what , i heard the danes would like to take care of it ? 
  alright ? 
  cool , see you on monday ! '', 
  you sounds like the swedish minister of justice . 
  venice and genoa , two powerful centers of trade at the time . 
  g\u00e4seneost is the best though , in my opinion . 
  i 'm sure he 'll call the government and tell them that . 
  with ketchup !,
