  imagine being hungry and weak , skiing through the night and then falling and you can barely get up because you barely know how with all your shit on you, 
  well we mix that in the sauce , and then we put ketchup on top of it all, 
  dont visit scandinavia :p, 
  like $ 0.25 an hour i 'd wager, 
  reminds me of the leader of the centre party in sweden who said `` its illegal to do crimes in sweden '', 
  my favourite lucky luke one was the one with a delusional ranch owner who thought he was napoleon/descendant of napoleon, 
  you 're all silly , it 's clearly miklag\u00e5rd, 
  no but he sometimes wears funny hats, 
  there are extremely few accidents involving drinking and driving so i suppose its a good thing . 
  there is no chance to drink too much since you 're not allowed to have basically any alcohol in your system, 
  she was one of the few i had any trust for in the government, 
  its zero tolerance in sweden for alcohol and driving, 
  well , the ottomans started out as beys ( a lord basically ) and it was something like 14 beyliks in anatolia following the fall of the seljuqs . 
  from reading that , it seems all the constantinople mob was just waiting for the fuse to extinguish before jumping to action, 
  because the politicians doesnt think the russians will try anything crazy now that the cold war is over, 
  the russians could take all of the relevant parts of scandinavia ( the populated parts ) in a week if they wished i bet, 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're talking about 1453 ? 
  during the 13th century the byzantines still had anatolia and the ottomans had not emerged, 
  that is not appropriate considering what the crusaders did 1204 to the city, 
  anne served as an ambulance driver , she did n't fight . 
  elizabeth also served as an ambulance driver, 
  that particular cunt served in ww2, 
  there must also be poor roads or difficult terrain in the east which makes railways more efficient right ? 
  yeah, 
  looks like a porn convention . 
  according to a friend of course . 
  i havent been at one . 
  the ship is quite interesting . 
  at 2300 tonnes and 52 m in length and 12 m in width , it was one of the largest ships in the world at the time . 
  it was the flagship of the navy and its main purpose was to protect the swedish provinces in germany . 
  however , during the scanian war , the fleet suffered badly against the experienced danes and dutch sailors . 
  the swedish sailors and commanders had no idea what they were doing and thus suffered many defeats , which ultimately led to kronan exploding , with 800 casualties ( 10 % of the size of the swedish naval personnel ) . 
  parents , friends , share apartments with other people or just live in the suburbs like the ones in the article while you save money and hope you get an apartment in a decent area, 
  it feels like we have more lieutenants than prvates sometimes, 
  that 's because they are extremely inefficient at how they spend stuff . 
  part of the budget goes into renting military facilities and training fields from the state because the state decided that the military shouldnt have those things for free . 
  also wages are high because the cost of living is higher , so there isnt much left, 
  we have a small bible belt in the sm\u00e5land region but its so insignificant its not even funny . 
  the person in the article is from v\u00e4rmland , which is just above the big lake in sweden, 
  wow , he sounds like he 's from the biblebelt in the usa, 
  that is an incredible amount of wars though . 
  sweden alone probably had like 30 wars during that period, 
  americans make that mistake as well i have heard, 
  he cost us the empire because he loved war too much . . 
  1523 - independence from the kalmar union 1939-1945 - managed to stay neutral during ww2 which made us one of the wealthiest countries in the world . 
  perhaps another pole stole his sense of humour !, 
  i thrive when danes and norwegians argue, 
  you dont know any hunters ? 
  i grew up in a small town and i know at least 20 people who hunt and many of them own multiple weapons . 
  each one probably has 3 guns depending on the season, 
  we need to make an alliance against the continental threat !, 
  implying there are danish pronounciations for words . 
  its all just guttural sounds !, 
  the f-18 is really really sexy, 
  the 1200 invasion by the crusaders tho . 
  the betrayal !, 
  britlando can not into tanks, 
  the national day as a holiday is a new concept . 
  most everyone treats the midsummer as our national day, 
  huh , didnt know that . 
  perhaps its time to invest in ica, 
  so its even worse than i thought !, 
  thanks, 
  we 're building apartments in gothenburg right now . 
  my boss told me one of the better ones costs around 6 mil . 
  i can buy 6 apartments for those money in my town . 
  and other countries capitalized on the weakened poland ? 
  true , sweden did its part though . 
  but the deluge was actually an alliance with the intent on splitting poland right ? 
  during the 30 years war the swedish armies may have destroyed 2000 castles , 18000 villages and 1500 towns in germany . 
  and then there was the deluge of course where the swedes robbed poland of the majority of its wealth , completely destroyed the capital , killing or displacing 18000 krakow citizens out of 20000 , destroyed 188 cities and towns , 81 castles and 136 churches , took all the wealth and loot and sailed back to sweden . 
  poland never really recovered from it . 
  the government doesnt decide in this matter . 
  this housing bubble mostly affects the larger cities where most of the work is , or rather the well paying work . 
  so people want to move into the cities , increasing demand and people are just holding onto their apartments until they can reach maximum profit . 
  another problem in the large cities is that rented apartments becomes incredibly expensive as the land-lords can push the rents because they know there is a demand . 
  and the large cities arent allowed to build highrises in the actual city by the people because that ruins the skyline . 
  and the cities dont build highrises outside of the city because `` there is no money '' . 
  of course , in the smaller cities/towns there is less of a problem . 
  i had no trouble at all buying my apartment only 30 min from gothenburg for 1/3 of what it would cost in the city . 
  i remember 3-4 years ago when i was working in hudiksvall and i checked the `` for sale '' posters they have on the banks and i swear to god , a house next to a lake cost like 1/3 of the cost of a regular apartment in stockholm . 
  there is miles of bureaucracy to get through . 
  a project will take months to even get started . 
  and a big project ( a 20 apartments building ) will probably take 2 years to finish . 
  and thats just when the actual building began . 
  more `` accidental '' border violations incoming from our russian friends i 'd wager, 
  its an old treaty that has been modified to allow more cooperation between sweden and nato . 
  that nato will help in case of a russian attack . 
  the public doesnt need to vote for a treaty that basically already existed, 
  yes , thousands of swedes , norwegians and danes does that, 
  the matchstick is swedish i 've heard, 
  i already got threatened with a ban from there a long time ago when i suggested spaghetti bolognese with ketchup, 
  thats what i do too !, 
  bolognese with ketchup !, 
  apparently southeners know nothing about good cooking, 
  `` omg , its a yumping shhiken '', 
  i found an old can of surstr\u00f6mming in my parents home when they moved out , it had to be at least 20 years old . 
  it had expanded to easily twice the size . 
  i did not dare open it but i kinda wish i would have to just see what the smell would be like . 
  ketchup is basically sugar anyway :d,
