  i said hello to a stranger on a bus once . 
  28000 or so or maybe 32000, 
  i know right . 
  i live in a small town in western sweden where a 5-room house/apartment was sold for 1 mil sek . 
  thats around 120 000 $ . 
  problem is that people leave the smaller towns for the large cities and then they cant afford anything . 
  well , as a construction worker , i have to say that we build enough apartments . 
  the problem is that they 're so expensive ( like 600.000 $ for a new one in sthlm ) that the young people cant afford them . 
  * northern europe * cheap, 
  an old game called rune . 
  i became top 10 in the world in the 1.01 version of that game . 
  negative of that is that i missed a lot of my early teens . 
  played it from late 2001 to early 2006 . 
  soon it will be the world too . 
  just like how we started the crimean war . 
  do n't worry finland , you have us !, 
  biskopsg\u00e5rden is majority of immigrants . 
  many gangs there too, 
  allemansr\u00e4tten also means that when you reside somewhere you have to care for the place , not cut down trees , pollute and picking up your trash when you leave . 
  gypsies fail at each and every one of those rules, 
  now i know how americans feels . 
  pretty good . 
  well , i once had sex with an ukrainian escort in crete without knowing she was an escort , so i do n't know if that counts . 
  it was brief but it was beautiful . 
  our country is way more extreme in that aspect . 
  apparently sweden will give 220 million sek each year for seven years as well . 
  r\u00f6ven : the ass . 
  also two lakes : lilla runken : the small wank stora runken : the large wank . 
  sweden and ukraine , the old alliance renewed against the russian menace !, 
  sounds about right . 
  sorry guys ! ^ well , ^ not ^ really ^ sorry ^ at ^ all !, 
  i 'd just like to point out that it 's not exactly a new kind of paint . 
  i 've been using that in my work for years . 
  well , maybe it 's new in germany . 
  who get along with now : denmark who we do n't get along with : russia, 
  frustratrion over how ludicrous * other * countries are and why ** our ** country isnt winning ? 
  that 's because he does n't even know what real corruption is . 
  to us , a policeman not giving us a ticket due to speeding is corruption . 
  its on that level . 
  we 're not actually using a 6-hour workday in sweden . 
  unfortunately, 
  implying you did n't help at all with raping and genociding, 
  perhaps they 'll finally create a party that is actually about the environment !, 
  indeed . 
  so tired of all the politics and doomsday news . 
  i much prefer lighthearted stuff like this, 
  my good friend , spaghetti carbonara and spaghetti bolognese with ketchup is amazing . 
  also pizza with ketchup . 
  chicken with ketchup is also underrated . 
  the tomato sauce just makes it dull you should try a pizza with ketchup , cheese , bearnaise sauce , fries and kebab !, 
  and an onion for good measure, 
  it looks like a normal small town family to me honestly, 
  it 's illegal since i guess the cigarette companies bribe the brussels politicians ? 
  idk . 
  ca n't find a good reason for it . 
  much better than cigarettes . 
  my point is that the turks , or ottoman empire was very much european at the time . 
  by the time that map was made the turks had lived and ruled a large part of the balkans, 
  and by the time that map was made , turkey held a lot of european land, 
  i was told that regular swedish people didnt have surnames way back when . 
  so when the men were called upon to serve the country and join the army , it was difficult for the officers to differentiate between 5 different sven 's in the same platoon , so the officers gave them surnames . 
  and when they gave the soldiers nicknames they chose anything they could come up with , usually related to military . 
  so one got the surname sv\u00e4rdh ( sword ) , another skj\u00f6ld ( shield ) and someone got the name of their village ( my surname is like that ) . 
  but my favourite is krig ( war ), 
  myr is a sort of swamp but frang i have no idea . 
  maybe some old word ? 
  the word for flower is blomma, 
  i grew up in the countryside in the west and personally know at least 20 hunters , all have at least 1 gun, 
  the beggars are gypsies from romania/bulgaria , not refugees . 
  most people that are sane knows this . 
  then there 's the leftists . . 
  or old people wasting their pension on them, 
  its not about eating it , its about making nuclear surstr\u00f6mming bombs, 
  or how the author didnt mention the largest amusement park in the north , or the pubs or anything remotely interesting . . 
  you are 100 % correct, 
  13th century - sweden invades and annexes finland , sparkling tensions with novgorod which would be the start of a series of wars that only ended in 1810 , with russia annexing finland from sweden . 
  we do the same in sweden . 
  its probably because we 're on the borders of it, 
  sounds just like sweden lol, 
  the feminazist muslims will finally kill all white men in sweden and usurp control in which russia will invade as to protect the russian minorities there and there will be a full blown war for an hour and the femi-muslims will surrender and flee to france , leaving sweden with only cis-white men . 
  i think that 's the coat of arms of the swedes , the geats , the poles and the lithuanians . 
  historically the swedish royal title for kings was `` king of the swedes and the geats ... '' as the swedes and the geats were initially two tribes ( or countries ) in what is now southern sweden . 
  im not sure op is swedish . 
  you can go there and work in a mine if you wan na earn some pretty good $ $ $, 
   dude a lot cook anon mom anon to ty for the coke . 
   translation : dude go cook , ca n't you see your mom is busy sniffing coke ? 
   did i do well ? 
  it 's pirate tongue, 
  greece and turkey has a very different political standings than turkey and russia or turkey and syria, 
  that happened in sweden as well . 
  expressen , one of the largest tabloids , hired an antifascist organisation to find out the real identities of anonymous anti immigration/racist posters and basically made a 4 page story of their names and faces . 
  normally i dont give a shit about what anyone 's political views or opinions are , but even i admit that that was fucked up . 
  and such things seem to happen in several countries as well . 
  why does greek monks always build their monasteries in pain the ass to get to locations ? 
  to discourage raiders or something ? 
  well , we have flashback which is a mix of 4chan and reddit i suppose . 
  if speaking in loose terms . 
  negro, 
  second and third world tags for european countries are incredibly outdated . 
  both of them are part of the eu as well .
