  but i might be spoiled . 
  did a year in the swedish armed forces and it was awesome !, 
  got into the best shape of my life ( at the time ) , got to shoot everything from ak 5s to at-4s , learned how to make a fire and survive and shit . 
  every thursday we used to go out and hit the club with our minimal salary . 
  what a blast !, 
  some things were less fun , though . 
  such as sleeping outside in the snow during -15 degrees , or cleaning the guns and vehicles and shit . . 
  in elementary there was mostly a load of stormaktstiden ( era of great power ) and digerd\u00f6den ( the black death ) . 
  but the viking stuff took up the brunt of it . 
  ww1 and ww2 were taught during 7th to 9th . 
  they got 5,3 , but it still a rather large amount . 
  i suppose a lot of feminist initiative voters actually bothered to vote . 
  so nazis apparently supports israel nowadays . 
  do you occassionally suffer bad luck when thinking ? 
  unofficially , yup . 
  lol . 
  what a difference . 
  13 - 18 degrees is absolutely perfect in my opinion !, 
   for wearing a button-up shirt and jeans instead of shorts and a sleeveless shirt : `` yeah , i 'm a local , hi ! '' . 
  yeah , i do n't get that . 
  how do you not die ? 
  i 'm swedish and it 's 22 degrees right now and i swear , if it goes up to 23 i 'm going to perish due to the heat . 
  i 'm practically nude when i go outside . 
  i am, 
  can not into . . you know , 
  mora 2000 ftw, 
  germany ? 
  you would know , would n't you ? 
  man , a jewish transvestite won in ' 99 . 
  i do n't remember russia making a lot of fuss over that . 
  they should meet up in sweden then and go touristing . 
  costs around half as much as norway . 
  nah , we just have insane journalists . 
  it is actually very tasty if correctly prepared !, 
  perhaps you 'd like the swedish delicacy pasta carbonara with ketchup ? 
  there 's the swedish video for eurovision . 
  lol, 
  my parents use firewood as well . 
  lots of labour , but cheap as fuck, 
  we 've got it as well if i remember correctly, 
  i do n't know anyone who uses gas for heating homes or ovens and stuff . 
  we use electricity from water , nuclear and wind plants . 
  the only thing i can remember from the top of my head is using gas for barbecue grills . 
  did n't work out since denmark decided to go ` the red wedding ' on sweden . 
  read ` stockholm bloodbath ' on wiki for reference . 
  glad to hear , 
  the movie is already finished  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2113681/ quite a decent score as well for being a swedish film . 
  i 've read it , and it 's a great book . 
  highly recommended !, 
  yeah , one of the first books to actually make me laugh out loud  yeah , i have it . 
  it 's great and highly recommended !, 
  the hundred year old who walked out of his window and dissapeared - by jonas jonasson . 
  yeah , 
  for sweden it depends if russia attacks during a national holiday or not , really . 
  i did n't even know about the election until i read reddit . 
  `` captain sweden '' . . 
  i like that . 
  / u/vonadler wrote an interesting piece regarding peasants and their rights in sweden . 
  i 'd assume it was basically the same in finland !, 
  i 've been taught that my entire life . 
  most retarded business move by sweden in the history of ever . 
  they have decent beer, 
  lol, 
  yeah , i know . 
  i used to lurk it but grew bored of it . 
  / int / are worse than nazis , then . 
  what he said . 
  let 's form a nordic union already . 
  we 've got nothing in common with italians and frenchmen . 
  estonia can come too . 
  as soon as romania received citizenship to the eu the beggars arrived . 
  in stockholm i saw three gypsies with the exact same ( fake ) injuries begging for money on the busiest tourist street , near the royal palace . 
  and that was last year . 
  i wonder how it is now . 
  it 's like / int / where even finns are n't white . 
  wtf portugal ? 
  what did we ever do to you ? 
  i think the armed forces should focus more on music videos rather than war , in my personal opinion : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvotnppvxz8, 
  should get some shells for them first , perhaps . 
  and personnel to actually use them . 
  swedish first . 
  and then nordic/scandinavian . 
  nah , we 've got old hags flying on broomsticks to some mountain to celebrate with the devil , and somehow children receives candy . 
  gross . 
  why do n't you eat moose like normal people ? 
  strong liquor and beer being sold everywhere 24/7 would be nice . . like in the rest of the world . 
  it 's about time we got into this war thingy again . 
  we 've almost forgotten how . 
  any reason as to why sweden is investing so heavily in the baltic countries ? 
  first the cable , and now this wind farm . 
  lol . 
  after that you instituted a law in which its legal to beat swedes with poles if we cross the frozen water !, 
  luckily there 's a bridge there and im crossing during summer , 
  karl xii * karl x was the one who crossed the ice, 
  hm , i overestimated the facts it seems . 
  now i know , thanks . 
  it 's because the damage is already done . 
  europeans see american police and think `` these guys are fucking crazy . '', 
  look up `` american police brutality '' or something on google and you 'll get tons of results . 
  then look up `` swedish police brutality '' or similar and you wo n't even find half the results .
