  its creeping me out . 
  most pizza places are n't very good , i agree . 
  i seem to have a knack of finding good ones though, 
  if they were n't fired the management and restaurant would be lynched by the media . 
  all they did was some damage control . 
  true that . 
  there lives barely 2000 in my little town and we have five of them, 
  `` so , how was spain ? '', 
  `` y-y-you too '', 
  we 're pretty autistic i suppose . 
  read about him on wikipedia , you wont be dissapointed . 
  or the vikings who colonised and then ruled the slavs of what would eventually become the rus . 
  i hope not . 
  britain, 
  nah , we 're good . 
  edit : can anyone see my flair ? 
  roseng\u00e5rd is a children 's playground compared to some ghettos on the continent though, 
  latvia is great . 
  definitely a country i will visit some day . 
  dubbing is inherently bad and should be banned . 
  or it should be reserved for people who can not read or speak english . 
  children , in other words . 
   and i think even a lot of swedes would like to listen to their favourite shows in swedish , if they had high quality dubs available to them . 
  lol , no . 
  english slangs and general translations of english words sounds cheesy as fuck in swedish when spoken in a dramatic way such as in movies . 
  i 'm 24 and we were taught english from the 3rd grade . 
  agreed on that , haha, 
  this is old news . 
  very old news . 
  norway , denmark and finland, 
  regarding the pancakes : as far as i know , we 're the only country that considers them an actual dish that is acceptable to eat for a main course meal . 
  but only on thursday . 
  for some reason my inner imperialist starts to awaken . 
  about time now that russia is acting up . 
  welcome to the nordic club scotland !, 
  why dont you like us more ? 
  dont tell me its because of that bible we ` borrowed ' . 
  its the bible , isnt it ? 
  he 's around 180 i think, 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0d/thronesweden.jpg it 's pretty cool i suppose . 
  here 's another . 
  i think the silver chair is the official one though . 
  not surprising . 
  russia is the arch enemy , and `` right there '' . 
  sweden tried to conquer russia with ukraine once . 
  just talk because of the upcoming election , no doubt . 
  i 'd do a union with finland and the baltics though . 
  why are n't greeks celebrating their roman history ? 
  all i ever see is the ancient hellenic stuff . 
  mixed up slovakia and slovenia . 
  i 've lived here my entire life and i 've never heard anyone say ` ni ' except for some reporter asking a question to the king . 
  karl xi was n't very nice to sk\u00e5ne . 
  a lot of the population was killed . 
  but it makes sense to deport the population . 
  deportation and resettling was a quite common theme in pretty much any country that gained land . 
  so karl xi would deport a large portion of the population ( potential troublemakers ) , and bring in poor swedes with little land to repopulate - and would in turn be utterly loyal to him . 
  football ( though i have no clue why . 
  we are useless in it , unlike hockey . 
  hockey . 
  cross country skiing . 
  counter-strike . 
  i 'd say people are quite indifferent to him . 
  karl xii on the other hand , depending on who you ask - is either a hero or an asshole who cost us the empire . 
  man , our continent sure is beautiful . 
  latvia is great !, 
  i do n't read fria tider . 
  dont care for butt hurt far right people . 
  just as i dont care for people who see racism everywhere . 
  the association of afro-swedes are quite notorious of seeing racism where there are none - quite similar to our media . 
  with their track record , then no , i do n't listen to them . 
  ah , our glorious 100 % white , middle-class yet 100 % leftist media and other fine folk who like to sip red wine in fancy restaurants and update their twitter statuses judge another thing as racist . 
  how unexpected . 
  honestly , it 's getting boring . 
  regular people are n't like them at least . . 
  alrighty then !, 
  she probably forgot to mention that she traveled around for a bit too and added in the roughed up areas to sarajevo , or something . 
  i do n't believe it 's that bad . 
  i think i 'm gon na go visit it someday , togheter with the rest of the balkans . 
  that 's swedish food for you . 
  looks like shit but tastes great . 
  it both looks good and tastes good . 
  i had a bosnian girlfriend who said that sarajevo still looks really torn up . 
  but that might be because she 's lived in swe her entire life and only visited sarajevo for brief periods , and subconsciously compare sarajevo to our city . 
  i checked flashback ( 4chan and reddit combined . 
  well known for their detective work ) and they found her facebook apparently . 
  zero mention of a beating on it . 
  swedish media has n't reported anything either , and normally these cases are front page material . 
  the only ones she has told is israeli media , as far as i can tell . 
  tragic for her and all jews if this is true , though . 
  edit : worth mentioning also is that we 've had previous similar cases . 
  most famous being that of a muslim woman being beaten by nazis for wearing a veil . 
  which did n't happen . 
  that 's why we all are quite skeptical to these sort of news . 
  agreed lol . 
  we say usa as it has a better flow to it . 
  that 's doable in sweden . 
  i really should travel around europe visiting all of these sites . 
  it 's the media who are so extreme . 
  the media climate has become quite hostile to the point where people skirt around subjects that needs to be debated or discussed , such as the immigration or recently the romanian beggars . 
  people with power does n't really dare to touch these subjects , as the media very likely will crucify them .
