  that would never fly in europe, 
  a lot of people like to hunt . 
  i grew up in a small town and i know like 30 hunters and all of them have aeveral guns, 
  aight, 
  ale is an old nordic name and so is atli, 
  celebrate on the 24th which takes up the entire day . 
  the family sits down to eat meatballs , sausages , janssons frestelse , pastries and christmas ham . 
  then we watch the donald duck cartoon on the tv . 
  and then we open presents . 
  alcohol is consumed during the entire day . 
  aw shit . 
  sorry been sick all weekend . 
  i meant svalbard, 
  100 % of everyone who drinks water will die, 
  french guyana is the same as the faroes for norway or hawaii for the us , an overseas territory but still part of the country, 
  im proud that she stands up against countries such as saudi arabia, 
  cant i just put it in the microwave oven ? 
  put the spaghetti in water add butter add olive oil drain it put ketchup on it yes ? 
  its a fenno swede newspaper and they are interested on reporting it due to the lucia being a fenno swede, 
  we got our first undisputed king of sweden named erik segers\u00e4ll ( eric the victorious ) in the 900s . 
  this period before christianity is tricky as the vikings did n't really record their history . . 
  what is it ? 
  potatiskaka ? 
  which one can i have ketchup with ? 
  lose is another word for tactical withdrawal, 
  you either say ` tjena ! ', 
  or ` hej hej ' ( hello two times , idk why . 
  also works as goodbye ), 
  is no potato is only malnourish, 
  but our vikings went east . 
  might explain a thing or two regarding food i guess, 
  ate that crap every thursday for a year and never got used to it . 
  needed several spoons of mustard to make it somewhat edible, 
  i dont think we have any excuse though, 
  our traditional food is so bland though . 
  how many would enjoy pea soup do you think ? 
  meatballs is like one of the few dishes i actually like, 
  kebabsauce is based on garlic sauce, 
  i think general eu skepticism has more to do with it . 
  more integration with the eu isnt very liked . 
  eesti can into france !, 
  i dont mind as long as we 're ahead of denmark, 
  he is , but the gangs are from rinkeby and places like that ( like the projects in usa ) and if they shoot someone its 100 % a rivalling drug dealer or something, 
   amazing !, 
  side question , what languages do you need in norway to live or even work there ? 
  oh please , this is a campaign within the union called unionen . 
  they are getting shit from pretty much everyone that is sane for this . 
  already hundreds have quit the union, 
  seems like unionen is a union between two of the largest unions . 
  i had never heard of this unionen before, 
  that 's why you should have an emergency card . 
  i have my regular card and my emergency card that has a limit of 15,000 sek to spend . 
  johannes , henrik , valdemar , oskar , johan , edvard is n't finnish any way you cut it though, 
  i recently listened to a documentary about the winter war where they stated that in some cases almost the entire young male population of villages got wiped out, 
  it 's not a matter of freedom of press ( anyone can express themselves , start a newspaper and so on ) . 
  the problem we have is that the students in the journalist schools and so on tend to be leftist , and report on news according to their views . 
  there is no neutral news here ( as in all countries i imagine ) , it 's either left or right . 
  yep . 
  usually people say `` the continent '' with some degree of spite as well . 
  that 's good , because it 's not like we 're just gon na start calling you nl overnight, 
  some of us civilized people do n't use euro, 
  oh wow , saw that movie/miniseries as a kid . 
  was good shit and brought on an interest for ww2 . 
  i learned recently that one of my family members served as a volunteer in finland and died there . 
  [ g\u00e4seneost ] ( http://www.gasenemejeri.se/website/var/tmp/image-thumbnails/0/101/thumb__highlight/ostar.jpeg ), 
  not really . 
  barely feel connected at all to the countries below denmark . 
  being proud of the achievements of a continent or other countries is a foreign concept to me . 
  the fuck , today it was 16 c and rain where i live in southern sweden . 
  share some good temperatures you filthy continentals, 
  would probably bring a british lad in magaluf to shame, 
  slovakia is the one under poland yes ? 
  how is the largest intact warship of that time boring ? 
  the history of its life is very boring and nobody needs to know it however, 
  i 've seen/heard so many norwegians at liseberg . 
  i guess its not only the cheap food and alcohol that makes you guys cross the border, 
  we get the dutch and germans who wants to go camping , looking at moose and buying dry mooseturds or whatever it is they do when abroad also its quite popular with older germans who likes the royal family due to the queen being german . 
  i didnt think about it at the time, 
   csd i actually accidentally ended up in that parade . 
  had no idea what was going on until i saw the pride flags and the guys wearing leather pants that did n't cover their buttcheeks . 
  interesting to say the least, 
  i was in cologne , fuck those anarchists man, 
  i took my revenge this weekend, 
  shat in one of these in berlin as a child . 
  the water was definitely not stromg enough to wash off my schnitzelfueled turd and thus i had to use my hand and thin , thin toiletpaper . 
  i have thought less about germany since that day . 
  wikipedia, 
  17 people got sentenced for witchery and killed in 1668 in mora, 
  pretty certain its dedicated to frej , not freja, 
  yes . 
  they will begin construction this fall, 
  around 2020 sweden will get a new highrise , 250 m which would move us from the 11th place to 4th , provided nobody else builds anything higher, 
  we 've both got the lying in gutters , pissing on doors binge drinking thing going on - i can see how they get confused . 
  im just surprised they have n't mentioned scandinavians yet . 
  we drink nearly as much as the brits when abroad yet the brits gets all the crap, 
  i could very easily see the swedish and finnish inustries who makes equipment tailored for nordic demands being put aside by the gigantic german and french industries . 
  the cv90s and patrias and sisus gets put aside in favour of pumas and boxers ? 
  bofors absorbed by rheinmetall ? 
  jas 39 gripen replaced by eurofighters ? 
  not to mention the radar systems , the missiles , the rocket launchers or our camoflauge which works perfectly in the dense swedish forests and not so much in the european fields .
