  and who 's being nationalistic ? 
  you 're the one bringing up what planes finland is going to buy . 
  anyway , im not gon na discuss this more since i honestly dont care enough about the subject :p, 
  i 'm sure hungarians and czechs appreciate you calling them 2nd worlders . 
  i dont understand what your problem is honestly . 
  keep on going by all means . 
  south africa , thailand bought planes . 
  hungary and czech rep is renting . 
  brazil will buy . 
  you dib, 
  since never . 
  when was the last time finland engaged in modern dogfights with enemies ? 
  and i dont mean propeller driven ww2 aircrafts . 
  a lot of it comes down to the pilots . 
  swedish gripen pilots wiped the floor with the f-16s on a red flag exercise in the us, 
  if it was as humid here as it is where you live i 'd wager most buildings would be constructed using cement or bricks . 
  luckily it 's not . 
  wood is really the cheapest , most traditional and easiest to maintain building material !, 
  wood is the most common building material for houses , bricks the second most common . 
  i 'd say wood is used like 80 % of the time when building regular houses . 
  you dont really need much maintenance except repainting it once in a while , even then it can take years before you decide to repaint , and the reason you do decide to repaint is because the paint has worn off . 
  sweden is n't humid and we have become very , very good at building with wood and we have certain buildingtechniques , standards and regulations for our climate . 
  h\u00e4h\u00e4, 
  us nordics are generally not federalists so you 've got that going for you at least, 
  indeed, 
  because we have russophobia here in the nordic region, 
  true , but then there are the brits with heavy accents and words you 'd only ever hear if you 're living in england which obviously makes it difficult , because the non native english speakers learned and only really experience formal english or very bad english, 
  i loved the skellige culture in the game . 
  a weird mix between vikings and celts/irish . 
  as is tradition, 
  wine is common now because bag in box wine became a fad . 
  now when people want to buy beer they grab a bag in box as well to casually drink , rather than opening a wine bottle, 
  meatballs is the obvious answer . 
  it is also an extremely tasty dish when done at home - unlike the shit that ikea serves . 
  sm\u00f6rg\u00e5st\u00e5rta would also be fine . 
  around 25000 people in the city, 
  i 'm a construction worker and we do build a lot of apartments in stockholm . 
  thing is that they are so crazy expensive that a normal average joe ca n't afford them . 
  perhaps you live in a big city ? 
  i live in a small city near gothenburg and it took me a month to get mine, 
  its alright . 
  weird fascination with memes, 
  i mean most of us are so used to subs growing up that we barely notice them, 
  like that poltava movie . 
  could have been so much more, 
  it might be to `` sell '' it to countries outside of russia who might be more familiar with the viking term , as you said , pr, 
  trollywood in the swedish town of trollh\u00e4ttan obviously, 
  how about that . 
  last i saw he did some classic swedish crime movies . 
  thats the architecture school that burned down . 
  do you live in one of the most expensive areas in the country or something ? 
  already got that at my place , but i work as a construction worker so i drive at least an hour a day, 
  daym , a swedish classic is no joke . 
  props, 
  basileia ton rhomaion m8, 
  it isnt that hard provided you follow tutorials . 
  ck2 is way harder, 
  counter strike , sweden dominated the cs scene for 16 years, 
  an autistic one, 
  apparently sweden only has 3,218 km ?? 
  denmark and norway quickly get togheter and proceeds to drink together the entire night while sweden and finland , really old best friends , are standing in each opposite corner pretending not to know each other but still drinking furiously in hope to get drunk enough to muster the courage to talk to each other . 
  i will trust the fat americans knowledge, 
  jesus fucking christ , what is that ? 
  i was like , why the hell is the swedish coat of arms there . 
  and then i remembered that we used to have the same king, 
  true , france basically bribed sweden with a fuckton of gold to keep warring on the continent , which benefutted the french . 
  but that was during the 17th century, 
  today it hovered around 10 in stockholm, 
  deport the swedish ones to the active volcano first . 
  and some tabloid people as well, 
  what kinda barbarian are you ? 
  ketchup , peanuts , banana , chicken and curry !, 
  swedish media is probably on par with the british in terms of quality, 
  i was only 12 at the time but today im glad that people made a good choice, 
  yeah waiting in the field was alright . 
  who knew a pile of snow could make a comfortable bed, 
  because then the gov would actually have to spend money on the defence, 
  military service overall was pretty fun , except for all the waiting ( soldiers will know what i mean ) and survival training in december kinda sucked . 
  sleeping outside in -24 would not recommend . 
  its exactly like that, 
  bannerlords will be so sick, 
  unless the government magically decides to give them more money nothing will or can happen . 
  i highly doubt the government would increase the defense budget by a nickel, 
  its a shitty salary for a lot of hard work , in a very expensive country . 
  aint nobody got time for that . 
  anyway as i understand it , 15000 will get called up for tests and they will pick 5000 of those for military service . 
  right now lots of people did the basic training , the boot camp if you will , and then decided to not sign the contract to become a soldier and so they couldnt get enough people into the actual army . 
  im feeling quite uncomfortable since i cant stop images seeping into my mind of me standing at a busstop or sitting in a bus when an overly friendly mexican invades my personal space with too much friendliness, 
  not when you take into account that a large part of these ` dullards ' were healthy women who either had adhd or got accused of sleeping around with boys, 
  bro , it isnt stereotypes . 
  personal space and not talking to strangers is very real in the nordic region, 
  i only have faith that the us will honor any treaty . 
  but even then . . feels like they 'd just bring intelligence and munitions and arms, 
  there are theories that the military fabricated it to get more spending . 
  but we have been scared or watching for russian subs since the 80s when one of them washed up on shore which mobilized the entire army with the call ( the russians are coming ! ), 
  time for the californians to experience gypsy culture then, 
  i thought gondor was based on byzantium, 
  i felt violated when i received my first cheek kiss in australia at the tender age of 23, 
  skiing in the military is the worst , especially for me and my old platoon consisting of guys from the south of sweden , where nearly none of us had skied before . 
  it was a horrible week .
