  overall turnout in the netherlands is usually 75 % -80 % anyway , sometimes even higher . 
  it 's not that unusual . 
  political engagement is very , very high here . 
  correct . 
  for all the americans here : the netherlands has an electoral system with proportional representation . 
  this means that the percentage of seats a party gets in the dutch house of representatives is directly proportional to the percentage of votes that party got in the elections . 
  for example , if your party gets 16 % of the vote , your party will get 16 % of the seats . 
  elections like these naturally create multi-party systems . 
  in the netherlands , for example , more than a dozen parties have seats in the dutch house of representatives . 
  geert wilders ' pvv party is one of those 14 or so parties , and it is estimated that he 'll get about 15-20 % of the vote . 
  this also means that he 'll have to form a coalition with other , more centrist right-wing parties , in order to form a viable government . 
  i am sorry , but as a wilders/baudet supporter , you 're reasoning from an american perspective . 
  proportional , multi-party democracies do n't work like that . 
  he 'll get about 15-20 % of the vote , which will make him either the largest , or second largest party . 
  read up on the dutch election system . 
  political parties in the netherlands never , ever get absolute majorities . 
  voting in the netherlands is done with paper ballots , not voting machines . 
  the checks and balances are too good - fraudulent officials would have a negligible impact . 
  turnout is always extremely high in the netherlands . 
  usually around 75-80 % , but 85 % is not uncommon . 
  those polling stations with 100 % turnout are in small villages with like 50 inhabitants , and since people are not legally bound to vote at one specific polling station , many people choose to vote at other polling stations than their `` recommended '' polling station . 
  this drives up turnout in certain municipalities even higher . 
  fvd and their leader thierry baudet on the right , and ( sadly ) gl and their leader jesse klaver on the left . 
  i usually trust the official results , with healthy caution . 
  fraud is unlikely . 
  wilders has gotten monster scores before , as well as pim fortuyn . 
  it is also possible to independently verify sample results , so there are lots of checks and balances . 
  the netherlands also does n't have electronic voting machines . 
  counting is always done by hand , in a decentralized manner . 
  official results always take a week , but a preliminary result is released within hours of the elections . 
  fraud has not been detected before since wwii , except for random incidents on an extremely small scale . 
  dutch tv channel nos , but it is in dutch and i do n't know if they have a livestream on the internet and whether it 's available outside the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  yes . 
  voter id is needed to cast a vote in the netherlands ' elections . 
  it is required . 
  i still do n't get why american liberals scream so much about voter id . 
  one of the most liberal countries in the world , the netherlands , uses voter id , and no one here complains about it . 
  he might become the largest party , but keep in mind that largest party means he 'll have about 15-20 % of the vote , since there are so many parties . 
  ( we have a multi-party system in the netherlands , thanks to our lack of electoral districts ) . 
  the bicycle bells are the best . 
  i remember , when i was a kid , how me and my classmates compared our custom bicycle bells at the schoolyard , to see who had the coolest one . 
  fuck , now i feel nostalgic . 
  the dutch can be really direct though . 
  some people confuse that with being boorish . 
  it really depends on the persoon 's world view whether they think the dutch are very polite , or very rude . 
  a nice side-effect of dutch directness is that , while the average dutch person is frustratingly liberal compared to the average american , the dutch also ** hate ** political correctness at the same time . 
  i am actually really proud of the dutch electoral system itself , even though i am ( very ) right-wing and decidedly not a fan of the political parties in the current dutch government . 
  so i 'll try to explain it as in-depth as time allows me ( i 'll be watching the first results coverage in a short while ) . 
  the ballots are counted in a decentralized manner , at the same polling place that the ballots have been cast . 
  they are counted by the people manning the polling places . 
  both people without a party membership , and members and supporters from all political parties ( including wilders ' memberless pvv , whose supporters volunteer in great numbers usually ) volunteer at these polling places . 
  the * gemeente * ( county ) governments distribute these volunteers as randomly as possible among the county 's polling places , to make sure that the people operating a polling place have mixed ideologies and party memberships . 
  this reduces the chance of fraud taking place . 
  every dutch citizen is allowed to observe the counting process at a polling place as it happens , and many do . 
  ( i observed the counting at the last local elections of my * gemeente * , as i feel it is a democratic duty ) . 
  the results for each polling place are publicly published , and can be verified by independent organizations if requested . 
  these results from all polling places are added together to get a total result , but again : it is possible to verify the results for each polling place individually . 
  discrepancies in these individual polling place results can be very apparent , so they 'd be noticed very quickly if they occured . 
  i always check the results of my local polling places , to spot any things that look off . 
  they always match my expectations , based on national results , and the demographics and income level of my neighborhood . 
  there 's no electronic voting machines , we only use red pencil and a paper ballot here . 
  this makes fraud even harder . 
  we also have voter ids , automatic voter registration , and other even more subtle ways of preventing voterside fraud . 
  that 's the long and short of it . 
   do you think some regions will be inclined to vote a certain way ? 
  in the netherlands , as a general rule of thumb :, 
  * the richer the area , the more votes for the vvd ( conservatives ) . 
  * more working class people = more votes for the both the socialists * and * geert wilders ( working class people here either trend very left-wing , or very right-wing ), 
  * places with lots of students : d66 ( centrists ) and gl ( cucks : the party ), 
  * the rural north : pvda ( socialists ), 
  * the other rural regions : cda ( christian centrists ), 
  * [ dutch bible belt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt_ ( netherlands ) ) : sgp ( theocratic party ) and cu ( christian party that is economically leftist , but socially conservative ), 
  * limburg and brabant : trend towards geert wilders ( geert is from the dutch south , from venlo in limburg ), 
  rotterdam is one of the biggest pvv strongholds . 
  `` lost '' the battle ? 
  wilders gained seats . 
  his electoral floor is increasing election after election . 
  do n't disrespect wilders . 
  he has been spearheading this movement since 19 fucking 97 . 
  he has to be guarded 24/7 and lives in undisclosed safe houses . 
  all because he dares to criticize islam . 
  he is one of the most important figures in anti-islamic thought . 
  municipalities , not seats . 
  the netherlands does not have electoral districts . 
  instead , it has proportional representation . 
  in the netherlands , you 're not allowed to publish exit polls before the general closing time of polling stations . 
  no voter would have been influenced by exit polls , since there were no exit polls before the closing of the polling stations to begin with . 
   i like your system on it 's face but it also seems rather hard to get anything significant changed due to all of the options available . 
  sure , but the upside is that it is really easy for new political movements to gain real traction . 
  they do n't have to change a party from the inside , like trump had to do with the gop , they just have to start their own party , get a few seats in de dutch house of representatives , and - boom - you have founded a political stronghold just like that . 
  he gained seats in this election , so he did n't exactly `` lose '' . 
  two new parties got seats in this election , actually : denk ( 3 seats , basically a muslim party ) and fvd ( 2 seats , nationalist party , pretty similar to wilders ' pvv ) . 
  ethnically romanian people are n't gypsies . 
  `` ij '' as a standalone word does n't mean anything in dutch . 
  however , you correctly observed that `` ij '' is used a lot as part of other dutch words . 
  its pronuncation can be very , very roughly approximated with the way ` i ' is pronounced in the english word `` side '' . 
  for simplicity 's sake , you can pretend the ` j' is silent , and pronounce the ` i ' in the english way . 
  it is not the correct way to pronounce it , but it does come damn close . 
  interestingly enough , the dutch consider `` ij '' to be just one letter . 
  for example , it takes up one square in a dutch crossword puzzle , instead of 2 .
