  where is the shotgun ? 
  i got that . 
  but either the pro- or anti-austerity ones should n't be offended in the slightest . 
  but i get the / s, 
  why would they ? 
  how idiotic can it be when , as a resident of a poor country , you go against other poor countries , demanding them to remain poor as well . 
  i think thats when the rich got you where they want . 
  do n't blame the banks , the government , the fucked up system ... nono . 
  its the other poor 's fault . 
   do we sacrifice ourselves to jump for them oh , i am sorry * we * asked you to sacrifice yourself . 
  here are a couple of billions for french and german banks we owe while we drown . 
  hope you are happier, 
  if it is the investment they are talking about , i wonder about the terms . 
  and i really hope we can get rid of all the corrupt cancerous institutions before we see the money , or we might see the money soon be re-routed into london flats by rich greeks . 
  but , come on , thats a great opportunity to ridicule the gr goverment even more , right ... ? 
  i want to add that what is happening with eu politicians blaming syriza for their incompetence should think about it again . 
  syriza ( or you call it podemos or anything you like ) is not a party that appeared out of nowhere . 
  syriza is a reaction coming from the harsh austerity measures , the media lies and politicians . 
  if you impose such harsh treatment on people you ca n't expect them not to react . 
  and syriza is still benign - i predict worse stuff happening in greece once austerity depletets the last sectors of a functional social country . 
  i am ashamed of europe at the moment and of how they think democracy is working . 
  i have the feeling that there is a general notion the last years of condemning the weaker more and more instead of helping them . 
  you are poor ? 
  its your fault . 
  your country is in war ? 
  not my problem . 
  your past corrupt government fucked you up ? 
  good luck with your future ... its less a european phenomenon but rather a global one . 
  back in the 50 's there was a bigger worry about extremism and another upcoming war . 
  continious intergration was big to generate a long peace . 
  right now noone cares about peace , but rather about how to retain economic growth for the own country , how to maximize profits and squeeze every last asset you got out to generate money . 
  its more like `` lithuenia doesnt want to oppose austerity for its own or other states because then germany , imf and co would get mad '' ... oh wonderful austerity, 
  how about noone would oppose germany on that . 
  no other country had a leftist government or any reason to oppose austerity . 
  if they would it would be political suicide . 
  the media is just playing along, 
   as long as this takes care of the problems on our side or at least ends the struggle and gives us time to fix our own problems . 
  what are your current problems that greece is causing ? 
  i have read a lot about benefits . 
  just because it is impopular does n't make it right . 
  differences in fiscal policies is the main reason that caused and continues to causes issues in europe, 
  yeah , i had to look twice to make sure that 's not a typo : / not the expert in fines , but its ridiculous if $ 42m is a record fine for a bank . 
  apparently last year hsbc made a [ $ 12.34 bn ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-28636543 ) profit, 
  um , you can see this happening in other countries . 
  the last one would be the uk with cameron being hated by everybody i know ... who lives in london, 
  is this realistic ? 
  i 've heard a lot of stories about akp rigging the elections and stuff like whole ballots found in dumpsters, 
  they already had lots of plans , we know how that turned out, 
  only that ukip did n't had anyone to replace farage . 
  wondering how prince ali will do now ? 
  i feel sad now for him . 
  noone should be drinking budweiser, 
  we did it reddit !, 
  not nessesarily big as in large but as in powerful . 
  i am scared that while america and especially china is cutting off workers rights , european countries will either have to do the same to compete or steadily decline ( look at france and how holding on to this it has damaged their economy ) . 
  but eventually i think capitalism wo n't work out the way it does now and will collapse but i am very scared what comes next . 
  i am afraid there wo n't be space for european ideas and ideals . 
  it has to , as we are facing global changes . 
  globally 2 super powers exist that will rule the economic world , us and china . 
  europe with its current inconsistencies and issues will have a hard time staying big as it is economically . 
  only if there is more unification and intergration will europe survive , which current short sighted politicians do n't care about much . 
  but then if i look further ... russia and the middle east are a ticking time bomb and the declining birthrates are making me feel more and more hopeless . 
   some major players seem strangely fatalistic , willing and even anxious to get on with the catastrophe -- a sort of modern version of the `` spirit of 1914 , '' in which many people were enthusiastic about the prospect of war . 
  well they all made their promises to their followers . 
  for syriza its the greek people , for germany the german voters and the banks . 
  each one is right and each one is wrong but nothing will change as long as one side is still benefiting from this situation ... 
  if you say so, 
  do n't they know terrorists use snapchat ? 
  imo what london needs is more housing , rent controlls , cheaper transport !, 
  way too much demand makes landlords charge ridicoulous amounts . 
  i 'd love to move further out , but transport prices especially for rail make the idea very unattractive . 
  by moving further out i pay # 150 a month for transport but pay # 250 less rent while missing out on the fancy stuff that london is offering . 
  do n't get me wrong , london is still a fantastic city , but it is fading away year by year . 
  we need the drama . 
  it 's reddit after all, 
  if only you could compare that number with the number of people that actually left the country . 
  then it might look worse, 
  the president got elected to represent the country . 
  to what extend he actually does it depends on the situation and the persons view point who claims this . 
  but technically , he does, 
  why are we always cartman ? 
  we have good politicians and bad politicians . 
  we have bright minds and populists . 
  they are free to speak in their own mind and some of them fuck up . 
  i think if there is a legitimate claim for reparations or anything related , then please investigate this and find out . 
  if its not legitimate , then the politicians have fucked up majorly . 
  last time i checked there are more signs that point to the legitimacy of this claim . 
  either way , politians are representing the nation to some extend ... as for how much is a very difficult question, 
  it 's funny how this line is still valid, 
  since when is yanis varoufakis a nation ? 
  i misread your username as conservativespain, 
  thanks for your `` pay yo taxes '' copy pasta , another helpful and constructive comment from the r/europe community . 
  keep it up , we love to hear more from you , 
  i 'd rather trust wikipedia then the economist on these subjects, 
  only 28 years old, 
  not sure what you are saying . 
  general turnout was 63 % and syriza got 37 % of those . 
  the previous party only got 27 % and along with pasok ( 4.7 ) and potami ( 6.1 ) were the parties that were pro austerity . 
  the rest was against . 
  i wonder if the forces will try to turn everything upside down to make the real look like it was made to look fake and what jauch showed was the real one , although it was fake .
