  as long as this does n't work , lashings on greeks gets you votes, 
  ha , not joking for sure many germans got inspired to go on holidays to greece or buy a greek wine because of that song . 
  for sure harsher measures will help / s, 
  the greek wine industry is owing that guy a lot, 
  v and his gang agreed though that a lot of restructuring is needed . 
  they also were elected to fight corruption that was well sustained by the previous government . 
  if they would have done some , even symbolic , moves there and cracked down against this , they could have had a good hand on negotiations , at least publicly . 
  i think the fact that so little was done did n't make syriza 's position too strong unfortunately, 
  do n't blame the murderer . 
  blame the weapon, 
  maybe it 's the end of the euro ? 
  maybe it 's it will be a wake up call to rethink our financial system ? 
  maybe it will call for accountability for all the countries ? 
  maybe it will be the beginning of a new europe that is not prioritizing wealth and money over its own people ? 
  maybe ? 
  i 'd like to dream, 
  i know . 
  i will update my post accordingly . 
  will see if true, 
  i am reading the spiegel for some time now and , interestingly enough , the english articles are way more neutral/greek-friendly than the german ones . 
  everybody knows it had no real implication and was rather symbolic, 
  this is something new for spiegel , that has been very hard with greece until now . 
  analysts already blame germany for the hard line stance . 
  in case of a grexit , historians will definitely blame germany for this behavior and it will be a dark chapter for the coming years . 
  ok , here is what i think : germany is playing super hardline now and threatens with grexit after greece accepted to take hard measures . 
  greece is being pushed in a corner , says no to the harsh measures . 
  germany is against the fronts and have to do concessions on the hard lines . 
  greece feels like it got something out of it and tsipras goes back as someone who at least could negotiate himself out of germany 's humiliating plans . 
  just a thought ... 
  so germany is turning full hardline ( * trying to avoid the word nazi nazi here * ) to show greece they are not full hardcline like greece was trying to picture them the last 6 months . 
  let 's forget our past mistakes here and ... oh wait a minute :(, 
  there is a new demand  fully comply with the medium-term primary surplus target of 3.5 percent of gdp by 2018 , according to a yearly schedule to be agreed with the institutions ; 3.5 % surplus to a dying economy is practically the deathblow to greece !, 
  what are they even thinking, 
  greece should become a bank . 
  then it would be easier to bail us out !, 
  the last 5 years are the ultimate proof, 
  cool . 
  more cycle jerk pls, 
  whoops . 
  got stupid : - s, 
  who decides such things ? . 
  greece should never get loans from slovenia , or any country , to pay the debt . 
  edit : slovenia ! = serbia :(, 
  oh man i know how you feel :[, 
  why not ? 
  in that way you shouldnt read any history cause events are always in a ` different time and situation ' . 
  why bother learning from our mistakes or successes then ? 
  shhhh ... dont say much . 
  lets be poor to make other countries happier . 
  we can all be poor at the bottom , maybe even be the poorest . 
  soon we can have more countries joining and we 'll be all looking up with a smile, 
  that tsipras only friends are fidel and the extreme right wing parties . 
  noone else is on his side edit : forgot word, 
  i am all in for depicting the complexities and realities of life in , often offensive , cartoons but in this case he has failed to make his point . 
  i doubt that a person dressed like that would depict the average greek politician ... but the average citizen, 
  http://www.thelocal.de/20150707/voters-back-schubles-hard-line-on-greece posting this here as mod removed my submission . 
  apparently germans like schaeubles hard line on greece and it actually attracts new voters, 
  yes but right now it is kind of eclipsing a lot else . 
  this would be a vital thing to discuss as it is one of the core apsects of the crisis . 
  shame not to have it, 
  added yes but i doubt this will be discussed and i would like it to be . 
  please dont unlist it, 
  as mentioned in another thread , there is a cultural difference here . 
  while pensions in northern countries are usually going to the pensioner to live and maybe do the old age travel adventure ( we get a lot of germans here ) in greece the pensions supports large parts of the family . 
  after a year of unemployement money you stop getting any . 
  we dont have any student loan schemes or any financial help . 
  yet , we are still alive and surviving on those ` high ' pensions . 
  yes our gdp is fairly low as well , that doesnt helpful the % if i would be syriza i would be syriza i would lower the pensions and move money towards unemployement shemes and studend funding , if the suits in brussels would allow me to : / also on another note , there is a big inequality on the pensions given as well and there are a lot of ridiculusly low pensions . 
  a median would be more welcome than an average edit : shite corrected, 
  while i suspect not a really representative survey , do germans really favour a party just on the fact that it prescribes austerity to other countries ? 
  i am actually scared about this, 
  the greek government nd that was in charge before syriza was corrupt to a large level , yet was being favoured by the eu commission and was heavily recommended by the eu to get elected as they were willing to push austerity . 
  all corrupt people by now have saved their assets and themselves from any punishment , either by transfering their wealth to lux or switzerland or just by reinvesting it in london flats . 
  by now its very difficult to do much as nd has never implemented mechanisms to beat corruption . 
  we are 5 years into the crisis , tsipras has promised he would beat corruption but me , him and most of us know its too late, 
  well i didnt stay there would be a spainxit ( omg that sounds awful ) but the demands from ( real ) socialist parties wouldnt sound to well with the rest of tge eu governments, 
  which ones are left ? 
  and please do n't show me social democrats - their ideology is far from leftist . 
  hollande is playing the sympathizer but he is following a similar line like most center right governments . 
  also ... in this case it depends what reality is for everyone . 
  i thought our european reality was full of unity and solidarity . 
  but i guess it boils down to spreadsheets i guess . 
  reality is what we as a whole create , and we chose money over people, 
  the spanish election is crucial . 
  they want to exemplify greece with a grexit or punish them in some way to scare off similar attempts to get leftist parties into power . 
  that is the idea of a democratic europe :(, 
  he has a bunch of bases on several islands in greece and its an important hub for military actions . 
  creating instability in greec might fuck up his big plans, 
  unfortunately many people find this whole period that means the collapse of a country as a joke to bash around . 
  haha , that will teach em syriza ? 
  bunch of retards greeks ? 
  all to blame , hope they suffer some replies are just annoying , some hurt a lot . 
  for me , as a european who has a lot of friends from england , france , spain , sweden and germany it saddens me . 
  this union wo n't be a union no more soon . 
  we greeks might leave , but there will be the next . 
  the next crash , the next crisis , the next one to blame and it will become easier to shift the blame to the weakest . 
  its depressing that we have reached that status . 
  its not the europe anymore our fathers built, 
  indeed . 
  it saddens me that so many redditors are absolutely sure about their analysis they gather from several media about what the cause and what the solution is .
