  they are quick to form their opinion about such complicated subject and present it as a sophisticated work of reasoning . 
  `` double or triple '' ... seems like you checked your facts, 
  thats the common narrative . 
  the truth is that there are some red lines for the gr government that they dont want to cross but the troika is insisting that you need to tax islands and lower the already low paying pe sions . 
  there are few points like that were both parties cant agree ... but it is being painted as ` can not cooperate ' . 
  what they mean is ` can not bow to our wishes ', 
  there were some instances from some shitty greek newspapers and one from the governing party which was hugely critisized by the government . 
  but this is the handelsblatt which is hugely respected . 
  i would expect more from them, 
  germanys newspapers are so classy . 
  do you know what i 've done ? 
  i know to a level what greeks have done . 
  i know to a level that we had corrupt politicians that lied to us , overspent and us people either did n't know or did n't care and to a small extend profited . 
  blaming a whole nation for its past mistakes and punishing them is not the way forward ? 
  how far would you go to punish people for germans mistakes in ww2 ? 
  how far would you go to punish americans for their wars and their invasions in the name of profit ? 
  how about asking to punish people for the atrocities of the dutch colonials and the massacres and war crimes they inflicted ? 
  you ca n't punish the people for their leaders faults and statements like yours are making me angry and upset about the current europe we live in . 
  i am not asking for riches , i am asking for justice for the people , the youth , that did n't had anything to do with this and can not be blamed in any way . 
  i am asking not to put in place the old leadership that would come with a `` yes '' that is comprised of all the politicians that fucked up the country in the first place and that the european leaders admire so much . 
  i am not all in favour for tsipras , but i take that guy 100 times more than all the ones that troika would like to have . 
  these are the ones with the clientel and the corrupt methods , but they would sign any agreement in a blink of an eye . 
  i am more scared of a yes than a no . 
  yes means the government will be replaced by technocrats and they will sign anything . 
  no means for me that i send a message that people do not want austerity . 
  that people do n't like to pay for politicians and bankers mistakes . 
  i want to set a precedent along with my country men that you need to find better solutions if a country doesnt work and not shrink its economy and make its people suffer for something that can not be undone . 
  i hope a ` no ' will give tsipras more strength to go forward with the negotiations and hope for something to happen . 
  i do n't believe we will be kicked out of the euro and i do n't believe it will be a walk in the park . 
  it is :[, 
  life without drugs ? 
  u kiddin ? 
  you assesed my level of intelligence though my reddit comment correctly . 
   10 burberry scarves oh . 
  thank god you counted them i actually find it interesting seing him with the same shirts every day . 
  he has 4-5 shirts he switches and with his media precense , you see the same ones all the time, 
  tell me one point where he lied about or he mentioned `` evil germans '' . 
  it is a fact that low euro = good exports for de . 
  if that happens over years now and you do n't get suspicious that this might be intended , than you 're just a tool, 
  its 2 completely different things . 
  poroshenko has the support of europe ( although not too actively ) and has to face russia who has been wildly critisized by everyone . 
  meanwhile , greece is being pulled through shit before and after , we have been stamped as lazy , incompetent , ridiculed , lies are being sread around and its difficult to support greece officially without looking like a fool or a traitor . 
  tsipras is alone along with a bunch of economists and scholars who give him right . 
  poroshenko gets all love though . 
  and do n't forget the role of the media in this whole mess, 
  all i see is tsipras being pushed to the edge and it 's too much for him and who would blame him . 
  i know hivemind thinking pushes everybody to hate tsipras , but i have n't seen many politicians under such circumstances and pressure acting in any way . 
  what he does seems irrational and maybe it is and the situation is just a pool of shit that is expected to be cleaned, 
  if you would be a bank in 1995 or 2000 and you would predict such a scenario that we had 2010 ( europe bailing out the bank , transfering all the debt to europes pockets ) wouldnt you take that deal ? 
  its 2015 and its not their problem anymore, 
  i am in tears / s, 
  oh well , merkel just said `` no more discussions with greece '' ... mommy 's pissed off https://twitter.com/lindayueh/status/615897238028599296, 
  the referendum will be a shot in the foot for syriza and for greece as all indicates it will be a clear `` yes '' and will send the signs of greeks willing to cope with additional measures . 
  unlike most of europe , which ran up large budget deficits to protect pensioners and welfare recipients , the essense of greece 's unfair treatment lies in :  athens was then forced to dramatically reduce its deficit by squeezing pensions and cutting the minimum wage . 
  while  less than 10 % of the bailout money was left to be used by the government for reforming its economy and safeguarding weaker members of society . 
  so , you have an array of poorer countries , where development is stagnating and it takes them decades to redevelop themselves , yet you as a poor country get upset if a country fights with all what it got to get as poor ? 
  a lot of the poorness is not caused by the global economic environment ( tax havens , cheap workforce market ) that people ought to hate rather than another insignificant nation like greece to tries to negotiate a good deal . 
  greece elected this government to do the best to get them out of this mess ( although they failed ) yet the countries that should try to negotiate better deals for themselves do nothing and accept their fate . 
  spain and portugal might recovered at the numbers , but are still quite fucked ... 
  i am just saying , the common enemy is the capitalist shit system . 
  if we blame eachother rather than them , thats when they won, 
  he is trying to safe his pet project `` euro '' that he so miserably co-designed, 
  correct . 
  children also are able to learn from their mistakes, 
   you should not commit suicide because you are afraid of death that line sais it all, 
  the bullshit is flying around from each side, 
  na klar !, 
  aww . 
  i spoke to a person in greece and wrote an article about it . 
  can we switch it to athens ? 
  can you bring eurons ? 
  is this dijsselbloem speaking ? 
  your comment is of little sense :  it does n't have functioning laws and regulations that produce value through taxes . 
  and then you say  greece fails to present reform plans other than vague buzzword `` solutions '' to the issues , such as `` increase taxes '' , etc. 
  and then you go how 15 years ago greece shouldnt adopt the euro . 
  eitherway , mistakes have been made . 
  what greece needs is either stimuly , monetary or not , to produce value ( you have a large workforce , skilled people , a great geopolitical location ) to pay back its debt or a debt relief ( like it has been done so many times ) . 
  what greece gets is further cuts in healthcare , pensions etc. 
  increased taxes on the poor and no help to get on its feet . 
  the default will happen either way . 
  more and more extensions will happen , but greek economy will collapse either way , in a week or in a year . 
  right now , troika and co are trying to shrink the economy enough for the next years to make it easy on the eurozone to survive such a collapse . 
  its very uncertain what will happen if there will be a ` no ' . 
  i posted that thread and now it 's delisted :( why not just stick it as a megathread instead of creating a new one !, 
  you wo n't be solving it in one reddit comment . 
  you can argue if it is solvable at all . 
  a lot of factors play a role , from education , social justice , economic prosperity ( um , austerity wo n't help there ) ... etc good discussion for another threat . 
  i am sure you 'll hear soon how the terrorist was homegrown french islamist , exactly like the charlie hedbo murderers !, 
  but that wo n't stop all the fear mongering talk about new measures !, 
  i lived in france and uk and never came close to needing one !, 
  you sound like you 've been successfully scared shitless by the media, 
  if you ( or any french speaker ) would give updates , it would be appreciated, 
  as a finance minister of any other european country , its much better for their political career to extend and pretend . 
  by the time the shit hits the fan , someone else will clean it up, 
  i would have said tyrokafteri but i suppose its not widely known . 
  [ tyrokafteri ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tirokafteri ) would warrant some mass murdering for sure . 
  souvlaki and proper , right meat would justify definitely explosives . 
  depends on the sides ? 
  do i get tzatziki ? 
  yes ?
