  i guess they do n't want to lose face . 
  although i am too cynical : /, 
  wait . 
  i read that article . 
  nothing has been confirmed as fake fake : / zdf is just highlighting that boehmermanns show is satire . 
  so nothing has been confirmed ** yet **, 
  sorry noone gets the joke : /, 
  that was my point though . 
  we are still discussing why that * anarchist * went to mcdonalds . 
  it 's cheap and he doesnt care about quality, 
  the single hamburger and cheeseburger at mcdonalds costs one euro ( maybe a bit more lately , it 's been years ) and you get it straight away . 
  usually , other burgers cost 8 $ -12 $ and you have to wait to be served, 
  yes , but you ca n't get the 1 $ burger there, 
  i agree with the past goverments accusations a lot of the statements about `` not wanting to implement reforms '' could come from some tabloid newspaper . 
  the `` tax chaser '' suggestion was one of many on a list of tax reforms that media pushed to the front to ridicule the government . 
  i am seeing that the problem is much more complex and i urge you to look for some alternative news that show what germany and other institutions have done wrong . 
  banks have been bailed out by the ecb and the cost of the false investments has been laid down to the european people . 
  this is a huge thing and politicians like to push the blame to greece , because it is easy to hate . 
  there are more in depth news on nachdenkseiten.de or some other . 
  spon , die welt and of course bild are misinforming on purpose . 
   because you believe that the combined effect will be positive it has never been positive . 
  better go back in history and check rather than believe something will work this time when it did n't work . 
  let 's not pretend the imf is a humanitarian organization here, 
  in germany it is quiet hard to find a `` no name '' burger place and if you find one , it 's extremely expensive . 
   while that 's certainly painful and maybe sometimes even counterproductive why on earth would the greece agree to take counter productive measures ?? 
  why would imf propose them ? 
  that 's some serious food for thought here, 
  not really sure why you do n't like `` that '' government . 
  they have been elected to cut down with the unproductive measures that have been taken by the troika in the past . 
  they are leftist and social . 
  all criticism stands from countries with conservative governments and their interests . 
  it is also something that sells . 
  in germany , people get angry about fingers and saying they can not be negotiated and worked with , right from the start . 
  the german media is all over greece and i can see that through your responses . 
  i am following german media and i can see how harsh it has become lately and i would like to urge you to rethink about such stances . 
  i find it very sad what is happening and very bad for democracy that the current greek government has been now 2 months in power and has been labelled as incompetent . 
  i am sad to see my fellow germans get so angry about the fact that people in greece want a better life for themselves and a second chance, 
  um , read the giant criticisms section as well though http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_monetary_fund#criticisms, 
  is that from their official website ? 
  because there have been thousands of articles , documentaries and narratives that have exposed the imf for their practices on south american countries , as well as on their practices the past years in greece, 
  whoops , my bad . 
  edited, 
  something to be proud of ... and scared !, 
  oh man , what is the problem with such people ? 
  i would be careful with what `` die welt '' is publishing , as they belong to axel springer who runs and cashes in lately with their anti greek campaign http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/axel_springer_se, 
  its the same hyperbole that media and politicians use to promote against and forbid people from protesting . 
  i would be very careful with such comments, 
  hier in german : http://www.ag-friedensforschung.de/regionen/griechenland1/deutsch.html, 
  ok fair enough . 
  i know some ( rather uneducated i must say ) greeks that are in favour of a join union with russia and go to war against europe , while on the way freeing constantinople and taking back macedonian lands . 
  some sad existence, 
   they are getting the same treatment as the other bailed out countries reforms for greece have been much stronger than for the other countries . 
  while the common narrative is that spain and portugal are becoming better , the damage that has been done in terms of brain drain and reforms will continue to make local people suffer . 
  it 's not like podemos is rising in the polls because everyone is getting happier there . 
  i am not sure he is asking for the `` fruits '' of other ez countries . 
  a lot of those fruits have come from the countless benefits that the eu has given to the northerners , from lifting export barriers to a weak euro that made germany competitive outside of the eu . 
  banks have been giving cheap credits to greece and have been bailed out with questionable loans that are now being carried on greek shoulders and subsequently . 
  while i am not denying the responsibility of past greek corrupt governments , a large part of the mismanagement lies on northern governments as well . 
    since the onset of the crisis they 've ran this dumb narrative for teh domestic audience as well as for themselves , as a `` social europe '' or some similar bullshit . 
  good that you think no one deservers a second chance and no social support and has to pay for the past government 's mistakes . 
  would you take it further and say , greeks should be slowly eliminated for the sake of a better europe ? 
  i could write a book about funny opinions of fellow americans . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  um , whats your point ? 
  indeed , it 's this [ cunt ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/impressum/autor-18833.html ) here with bild in his cv that is continuously pushing for anti-greek articles in the spiegel lately, 
  this i call bullshit . 
  i doubt that any german or german sympathizer has to worry about anything in greece - there never has been any incidents or problems with tourists and people who live there . 
  threats like the one made are ridiculous and not to be taken seriously, 
  i know this will be buried , but this has been a proposal by one member of the parliament . 
  spiegel 's `` may begin '' sounds like it has been raised as a proposal and discussed and voted for in the government . 
  i find what has been said completely appalling and i hope tsipras will put him into place ( although it wo n't be of much interest then , just as varoufakis misinterpreted statement last week about the `` referendum '' ) edit : thanks for not burring it  be aware that spiegel turns into bild * light * in most of their articles regarding greece , trying to be sensationalist about it since it is getting clicks ( just look at all those upvotes ) . 
  this [ chap ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/impressum/autor-18833.html ) here is guiding a lot of those initiatives , having prominently bild on his cv edit 2 : 5 years ago german 's said similar things that could have been blown off proportions : http://www.theguardian.com/business/2010/mar/04/greece-sell-islands-german-mps, 
  let 's keep the uncertainty up by constantly adding more drama - that 's how you deter investors , scare people of to move out the money and ruin a country . 
  eu is clearly on the way to show greece that they voted the `` wrong '' party, 
  you say `` default '' as if it would be a bad thing . 
  a default would be hard hit for greeks , but also for banks . 
  defaulting is a mechanism there to keep an organism alive and adds risk to transactions , i.e. 
  i wo n't be giving you money if i know you wo n't pay me back . 
  what germany did here is that they removed that risk , which is unethical and greedy . 
  if an organism that loans money to another can not be punished for bad decisions , then the game is rigged . 
  a default would have been a hard hit , but we would not be in the place we are now , we will be in a year and in 5 years if we continue like that . 
  i am sure now that the report is out , schauble & co will apologize for the mess , reverse the austerity measures and start investing in greece to create jobs and infrastructure to make it a sustainable economy edit : people dont get sarcasm ? 
  what makes me upset is that while this was well known , many people and especially germans chose to shrug their shoulders and act as if they were saving the greek people . 
  what a load of shite country a is not like country b , therefore i am right . 
  comparing the two economies of ireland and latvia with greece is something no-one should even start their argument with . 
  the situation is the same as last year , after a 4 years conservative term . 
  what is happening now in greece is not much different . 
  there is barely any socialism to see , despite the fancy labels the tsipras government tries to dress itself with . 
  loans with good terms are okay . 
  loans with good terms combined with measures that will shrink your economy are stupid , no matter how good the terms are ( except of course if they are that good that they would give you negative interest ) . 
  the swastika would have been definitely worse, 
  its also human nature to not just accept that , to organise and retaliate, 
  why should n't i ? 
  and the elite says it 's not . 
  i wonder why , 
  as if the eu is a well functioning body :|, 
  http://www.theguardian.com/news/2016/apr/07/banks-must-declare-links-panama-papers-law-firm-mossack-fonseca looks like there will be a crackdown on the banks ... not !, 
  this is just a farce, 
  ... or frankfurt, 
   because honestly , that would sell well in germany .
