  praise him may he protect us in the future so we never face his wrath again, 
  it 's not miscalculation !, 
  it 's a strategy, 
  well , it 'll be drinking its pain away this very evening, 
  yay , let 's party then !, 
  well , first let 's ask uncle germany if we are allowed, 
  it makes sense that the creditors quickly take all the silverware before the ship sinks . 
  bankrupcy is unavoidable and so will be debt relief . 
  i think most eu/europe does n't know you , and thinks you are all gypsies . 
  not many have been as lucky to go to wonderful places romania or see how generous and friendly romanians . 
  too bad in their minds they think you are roma ( nians ), 
  that 's depressing, 
  really depends on the amount of sugar . 
  a bit of frappe in your sugar makes it nice, 
  the difference now is that it 's too late . 
  no poor country will become rich and catch up with anything . 
  what was done has been done . 
  politically and fiscaly greece is dead and will remain like that unless the rest of the players will be shaken up, 
   the judge believed that it was not justified come on , there must be a reason him saying that . 
  as a judge you ca n't just do that in that case , risking another incident and possibly having blood on your hands, 
  you could oversaturate the color any picture and make it look similar to this, 
  brexit : the rise of white supremacism, 
  i hate this building so much !, 
  i always thought that too , until i visited . 
  the colours on that picture might be a bit saturated , but not too much . 
  that blue looks indeed quite strong and vibrant, 
  looks like the christmas tram, 
  who could have done this ? 
  are chechens still planning attacks, 
  well , it has fallen by 1.2 % since last year http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/unemployment-rate, 
  definitely better than any internet april fools bs from other sites, 
  tell your people to fold up the beach chairs then, 
  how was it an april fools ? 
  it seems like a genuine fun thing they did, 
  bbc is the new tracking service for mail delivery, 
  shakira law perfectly sums up the brexit story : * whenever , wherever * * we 're meant to be together * * i 'll be there and you 'll be near * * and that 's the deal my dear * edit : so eine schweinerei / u/bfandreas, 
  we are and will be in the toilet section of the train, 
  is that the logo of a party ? 
  explain for us ignorants to serbian politics !, 
  i imagine the train will land softly on a big pile of prosperity and money, 
  we all should ( greece , lookin at you !! ), 
  how confident are you that the elections wo n't be fraudulent ? 
  i am asking because i 've read stories about whole boxes of ballots dissapearing being found in dumpsters ? 
  ( a turkish friend told me that story btw , got no source ), 
  may we come back on a table and reunite in a decade or two ;(, 
  is that real ? 
  okay , they better walk then ... uphill ... barefoot, 
  monies !, 
  a lot of monies !, 
  the uk government is slowly pushing the nhs off the cliff in order to introduce more private healthcare like in the us . 
  brexit suits them perfectly here as they will have another excuse to underfund and destroy the nhs and ... hey , they can blame the popular vote and a bad eu deal for that, 
  as a fan of coke , i confirm it 's the shit, 
  omg please i need a source for that, 
  elearning solutions  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/efront_ ( elearning_software ) https://www.efrontlearning.com/, 
  efront is listed as based in san francisco with an office in athens . 
  not surprised they relocated to avoid high taxation in greece, 
  they milked the population quite hard to get there, 
  do n't worry , we soon will pay some kind of price for involuntarily messing with turkey, 
  could this be another reason why erdo is acting like a bitch lately ? 
  next day , on twitter `` seen the violence with my own eyes . 
  so bad . 
  its very bad there '', 
  we 're next . 
  yea, 
  first they came for the dating shows ... 
  i wonder how people will react if you start taking away one by one all the lighthearted things that gave them pleasure , in the name of religion . 
  having embarrassed ourselfs , i beg to differ , 
  you are right . 
  its not embarrasing ... yet, 
  cause we trust eu more than our own politicians . 
  there was a dip 2 years ago , but thanks to tsipras and his sad performance we are painting ourselves europhile again, 
  was this not his masterplan ? . 
  just ignore regulations and destroy relations so he can paint the eu evil , then get his will ? 
  are n't we aiding him in some way ? 
  not that i see any other option currently on how to act, 
  well they have the right to repeat it as circumstances have changed massively and it seemes like politicians care more about their electability than about a clear future ahead for the country i do n't see a reason scotland to not have another one, 
  scottland voted in majority to [ remain ] ( https://www.stratfor.com/sites/default/files/styles/stratfor_full/public/main/images/brexit-result.png?itok=dvsnvu9q ), 
  there are people that desire their country to leave the eu in all countries . 
  should we respect their wishes , despite them being a minority ? 
  and so we go back to the old dual party system . 
  i have no fond memories of nd but i can see how people have given up on leftism and syrizas performance and look forward to nd . 
  they have played their cards right and put forward business friendly measures that most people see as the only way out now . 
  the current tax structure for businesses makes it impossible for businesses to grow and this is more a syriza decision than something imposed by the eu . 
  i am just not having too many hopes on the corruption part, 
  seems like she is the only sane uk politician, 
  that would be a great idea as long as our politicians would play along and take initiative , but i am very disapointed on how they handle anything the past few years . 
  i find it reasonable for the companies to consider not to invest in the uk ( publicly ) to put pressure into politics . 
  phallus maybe ? 
  i would n't call it cringe , it 's still funny . 
  just not the most sophisticated, 
  i understand , no worries . 
  i wish the best luck to the uk and hope for a sound decision taken by the electorate on the next big election . 
  come on mate . 
  there is an uncertainty , but there are definite things that will happen in the short run ( eu funds will diminish , tariffs will rise , pound will drop ) , measures that can be applied to alleviate the pain ( rationalization of expenses , cutting down on social spending , reduce workers rights and taxation to attract businesses ) . 
  on top of that , eu has an active interest on not letting uk have a better deal . 
  those scenarios will pave the way of how the uk will perform in future . 
  of course in the long run nobody knows . 
  what if the eu breaks down ( altogether with the economy ) . 
  are n't they worried about having to cut down their income ? 
  it 's like me working against my employers interests,
