but they probably will switch back to microsoft now  the newspaper reports that about 80 % of all munich city workers use limux at the office , and that , according to schmid , many of those workers are `` suffering . '' the deputy mayor said that the government will convene an expert panel to consider whether to move back to microsoft products . 
  taxing the rich would make them get their business elsewhere in europe ... thanks to eurozone, 
  been to timisoara and surroundings lots of times and absolutely loved the experience !, 
  such a lovely country, 
  i am fully with you !, 
  but the reality is a bitch . 
  there is no gain on standing on your principles anymore - see what happens with the economic crisis and greece . 
  germany is deciding there as well on their own economic why would anyone care about principles ? 
  principles does not earn you votes . 
  principles does not earn you respect . 
  only money does that, 
  germany 's standpoint is disgusting but understandable . 
  their economy relies heavily on us exports . 
  they have thighs with us since after the ww2 and it wo n't stop now . 
  i would n't be surprised if the german government is not heavily profiting from the involvement of nsa and tempora , receiving all kinds of information to continue their strategy of growth . 
  i am very surprised about the media not being involved in the llies and denials that the politicians seem to comfort in . 
  debt haircut -  painful for the rich investors : they will loose a lot of money from interest they expect to see by handing out unsecured loans / / no debt haircut -  painful for the normal poor people : adding up to suicides , broken economy , emigration , sickness and no social state due to cuts in public spending, 
  absolutely not representative . 
   method : tel. 
  with calling landlines you would reach generally an older part of the population , not the ones with the mobile phones . 
   pollster : gpo a private polling company . 
  ca n't say i heard before of them  client : megatv one of the main channels that did n't support tsipras for quiet some time due to their connections with oligarchs . 
  also comparing the general elections result with a 1000 people 's poll is just shite . 
  it 's not only a word , but it 's also what he said . 
  the comment was completely unnessesary and in german the whole sentance was demeaning towards him and renders him as a circus monkey that delivered some good entertainment , compared to those low class * negers * that are appearing now . 
  do n't know , maybe everybody is reading too much into it . 
  a pan european party would definitely address the matter of tax havens that is a big part of the problem now . 
  market regulations are also very important . 
  earning money with greek resources , then spending it investmenting in property in london is not good for greece either, 
   golden dawn ? 
  they only got 6 % of the vote and are stalled or even losing ground in the polls . 
  their portion of the vote went down between the 2012 and 2015 elections . 
  it helps that a bunch of them are in prison ... 
  anyway , as much as i despise the numbskulls who voted for them i do n't think the majority were driven by overt racism , so much as a desire to punish the ruling parties . 
  also golden dawn supporters consist mainly of couch racists , that wouldnt dare to act upon their feelings, 
  why ? 
   beers on ~ ~ me ~ ~ european tax payers ftfy, 
  germany is being presented here ( its a german study after all ) because it is the biggest exporter in europe right now and has the most balanced economy . 
  it is also the country that currently dictates the austerity policy and has schaueble that openly , a week before the agreement , started talking about grexit seriously to keep everyone on their feet and deter the last investor away from greece, 
  oh well , greece has a fair share of the blame here . 
  our politicians were absolute scum, 
  hush hush ... / r/europe does n't like to read about such things, 
  i know a lot of people who had hopes things would change the last 6 months , but made some plans anyways to leave greece in case of a dissapointment . 
  i can imagine a big wave of people emigrating out now . 
  quite sad, 
  i think germany will do some ` merkeln ' and it all will be ok, 
  whatever your opinion is of the current government , your delivery shows that you are against having any sane argument here by calling him words . 
  whatever he did you can not have a complete picture of his intensions , his planning and future execution . 
  just dismissing him like this is cheap and noone will take you seriously, 
  is n't this the standard now ? 
  germany is just following the uk model which followed the us model . 
  it is saddening and i had my hopes germany would not accept this , but i am not too surprised . 
  wtf man ? 
  what did i say if deutsche bank ` gets restructured ' and all individuals can walk away with their bonuses , right into the next big investment firm , then yeah ... fuck that . 
  complete break up then !, 
  its not working . 
  it is destroying us . 
  and it 's not me , its you !, 
  yeah , sine then all the 50 % debt we do n't owe anymore has been added back because the economy shrunk , because people do n't have the money to pay the taxes anymore and all the huge taxes they pay the can not spend in reinvesting , creating a circle that has no end . 
  taxes should have been paid 5-6 years ago . 
  now it is not a solution anymore ( other than for populist mindset ) . 
  i am not saying that we can continue like this , but collecting taxes wo n't suddenly fix the economy or prosecuting any para-economic endeavors . 
  what , in theory , needs to happen is that all capital that belongs to greece , that greeks have aquired here , should in one or the other way , return back to greece . 
  all the investments in london flats , all the bloated luxemburg and swiss bank accounts , every penny that greek companies have funnelled through offshore locations . 
  we need to tax the rich , but for that we need to close our borders ( e.g. 
  the rich shouldnt be able to leave with their money ) but that is something no european leader would have interest in . 
  taxing the poor is much easier edit : added more, 
  uh uh i hear you . 
  and i say you are right . 
  i would argue that none of these options alone will fix the issue . 
  what needs to happen is gr leaving the eurozone , massive debt write off and an even bigger investment initiative to pay the rest of the debts and have greece grow . 
  noone seems to have the will to do that . 
  if you give cheap loans to greece and media is screaming `` we are gifting money to greece '' and gets everyone angry , you ca n't imagine what will happen once greece gets investments or debt relief . 
  a tear from me for deutsche bank, 
  if the crisis ended or not is a matter of debate . 
  fact is though that what has happened though during the last years is that the economies of europe have separated further appart , while we all are in a common currency . 
  this will never ever end well ... 
  http://i.imgur.com/d6wz7ih.png before repeating all bulshit you hear from media you should know that the greek economy was trending sharply downwards from mid 2014 ( after the summer season ) which , among others , created political instablility and allowed early elections, 
   ( ... ) it 's a recovery that feels precarious and unreal for many spaniards , and for good reason . 
  the spanish government has noted that half of the nation 's predicted gdp growth is based on three external factors : low oil prices , a depreciated euro ( which helps exports ) , and low interest rates . 
  of course , these factors affect the entire euro zone , but they put any economic recovery on shaky ground . 
   and while spain 's current recovery is intense , it 's also late . 
  the gdp of countries like the uk , france , and germany ( and the u.s. ) have recovered what they lost in the global financial crisis and have reached new highs , but the recession and stagnation in ireland and southern europe ( the `` piigs '' ) was so deep and long that spain wo n't return to its pre-crisis gdp for another 18 to 24 months . 
  sorry for being a party pooper http://fortune.com/2015/05/11/spain-economic-recovery/, 
  i was waiting for someone to mention this , 
   greece - canine oh i wondered which film that was  it 's the french title for dogtooth, 
  1 . take a common issue that is happening in every country 2 . add the words `` greek '' and `` crisis '' in the article 3 . add some local reporting that has been done and pictures 4 . 
  honestly , good on poland . 
  i am tired of a europe of solidarity that has become a bunch of `` us vs them '' politicians . 
  the curtain has fallen , our true faces have been revealed . 
  noone should pay anymore for our loans , fuck that !!, 
  let my country default , let the euro break , let the tensions rise !, 
  let us prosecute all bankers that made their nice deals lending ridiculous loans to us . 
  put everybody against the wall that participated in this farce !, 
  let us not pay that debt anymore , since we wo n't be able to . 
  fuck those creditors and the long term games they played . 
  where is that fucking money going anyways ??!??!!, 
  let us bepoor for a while and build a new europe that will learn from our mistakes !, 
  everybody has become protective of their money and is scared someone will take that away . 
  let the financial system break down completely and lets see how much your euros you keep under your mattress are worth .
