  if everybody had a balanced budget germany would be ~ ~ poor ~ ~ not as rich because it would n't export anywhere . 
  if everybody would export like germany noone would be buying their stuff . 
  a harsh economic reality is that one needs to be a looser for the other to be a winner . 
  herr sch\u00e4uble knows that , but he is on the winning side . 
  so are 80 million germans that would never admit that . 
  a good video below for german speakers . 
  worth watching even if its super long https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guvuuzzfppq, 
    comparing her pension , with the average is quiet wrong . 
  in greece there are some pensions that are  ? 
   ridicoulously high ( due to the old governments unwillingness to adjust this ) and most are really low . 
  a pension of 350 euro is very common in greece . 
  but yeah , who cares ...  my grandfather has parkinson , suffering from dementia and his pension is 80eur ; although his medicine are partly supported by his insurance , if he did n't have a family , he would probably starve to death . 
  but yeah , who cares ... 
  i am sorry to hear about your grandfather and i find this truly unjustifiable . 
  if i hear such things happening in greece , romania or moldova , i get really dissapointed of the european stance . 
  i truly wish we would all unite and fight for a better future . 
  i wish the slovakian pm would rather say `` greece fights for more , we should fight for more '' . 
  for years now we are importing german products , paying for their cars and their projects while they outsource cheap jobs to the eastern block while we outsource skilled employers to their country . 
  these articles are infuriating and really not helping the situation  vargova , who lives on a pension of 370 euros a month , while the average greek pension is 833 euros comparing her pension , with the average is quiet wrong . 
  in greece there are some pensions that are ridicoulously high ( due to the old governments unwillingness to adjust this ) and most are really low . 
  a pension of 350 euro is very common in greece . 
  but yeah , who cares ...  vargova , who retired after working for 40 years , believes it is time greeks felt some of the hardship slovaks went through when their country transformed itself from a communist economy . 
  i can understand that feeling of `` they should suffer for their decisions '' . 
  the problem is that in greece we had an infrastructure , a system that was sustained on these horrible loans we used to take . 
  now that they are gone , the whole thing is falling on our heads . 
  we are leading in unemployment and the youth is desperate . 
  we ca n't sustain the level and the economy has been crushed . 
  i feel sympathy for the former soviet blocks , but i do not think it should be a race to the bottom . 
  my problem is that greece right now has no prospects of getting better compared to the balkan countries . 
  all hope is gone for greece , yet we hear romania at al moving forward , even slowly . 
  summary stolen from the guardian :  specifically , is the euro zone 's leadership delivering the broad-based economic recovery that is needed to give stressed countries like greece a reasonable chance to meet their growth , employment , and fiscal objectives ? 
  over the longer term , these questions are evidently of far greater consequence for europe , and for the world , than are questions about whether tiny greece can meet its fiscal obligations . 
   unfortunately , the answers to these questions are also obvious . 
  since the global financial crisis , economic outcomes in the euro zone have been deeply disappointing . 
  he also points to the strength of the german economy as a problem :  nobody is suggesting that the well-known efficiency and quality of german production are anything other than good things , or that german firms should not strive to compete in export markets . 
  what is a problem , however , is that germany has effectively chosen to rely on foreign rather than domestic demand to ensure full employment at home , as shown in its extraordinarily large and persistent trade surplus , currently almost 7.5 percent of the country 's gdp . 
  within a fixed-exchange-rate system like the euro currency area , such persistent imbalances are unhealthy , reducing demand and growth in trading partners and generating potentially destabilizing financial flows . 
   ... germany could help restore balance within the eurozone and raise the currency area 's overall pace of growth by increasing spending at home , through measures like increasing investment in infrastructure , pushing for wage increases for german workers ( to raise domestic consumption ) , and engaging in structural reforms to encourage more domestic demand . 
  such measures would entail little or no short-run sacrifice for germans , and they would serve the country 's longer-term interests by reducing the risks of eventual euro breakup . 
  he concludes :  i 'll end with two concrete proposals . 
  first , negotiations over greece 's evidently unsustainable debt burden should be based on explicit assumptions about european growth . 
  if european growth turns out to be weaker than projected , which in turn would make it tougher for greece to grow , then greece should be allowed greater leeway after the fact in meeting its fiscal targets . 
   second , it 's time for the leaders of the euro zone to address the problem of large and sustained trade imbalances ( either surpluses or deficits ) , which , in a fixed-exchange-rate system like the euro zone , impose significant costs and risks . 
  for example , the stability and growth pact , which imposes rules and penalties with the goal of limiting fiscal deficits , could be extended to reference trade imbalances as well . 
  simply recognizing officially that creditor as well as debtor countries have an obligation to adjust over time ( through fiscal and structural measures , for example ) would be an important step in the right direction . 
  that all would be fine and true if : - europe wouldnt have bailed out banks in the beginning of the crisis . 
  especially german banks . 
  there was the preference of saving the banks that lend all the money to greece , rather than let them go bust like they disserve . 
  - germany wouldnt imensively profit from the current crisis ( see other article from today ) - germany 's money coming from countries that are currently in crisis . 
  a lot of the projects , if not the majority , in greece , spain , italy and portugal were made by german companies , and mostly paid with those loans those countries got . 
  so germany managed to employ a lot of people and it helped their economy - germany 's media and political propaganda wouldnt put the blame almost completely on the greek people , bending the truth to accomplish the divide and make the population rage against the greeks and push the government for hard measures - germany actively ignoring rules whenever it feels like it 's ok , but using the `` it 's an agreement '' part whenever it suits them , like the lisbon treaty . 
  and germany was at the front on this back in 2010 because of their banks . 
  - germany not even thinking about debt relief or restructuring , despite the many times they got it themselves . 
  how does this look to the general , non-german population . 
  - siemens bribary scandal in greece : http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/siemens-bribery-scandal-in-greece-ex-boss-could-help-shed-light-on-corruption-a-633198.html, 
  greece complied the last 5 years ago . 
  things got worse . 
  most blame greece for that, 
  hum ? 
  i am talking about a specific aspect : german internal politics . 
  what responsibility could the greeks have for : - the pan european neoliberal stance against left parties ? 
  - the rotten banking system - german misrepresented stories and negative , hostile articles ? 
  we bare the responsibility for our actions . 
  so do the germans and any other country, 
  the problem is that economies are competing . 
  everybody , especially germany , is talking about growth . 
  all countries need to grow over the time to remain competitive , otherwise they will stop having income . 
  and for growth you need assets . 
  if you sieze 50 billion of asssets , basically selling them off , you are also removing an opportunity from greece to get this growth . 
  if you wait 20 years , without growth , greece practically wo n't exist . 
  they wo n't be generating anything competitive , people wo n't be getting married or children and will live a miserable life . 
  with your analogy , you would take the persons valueble things away , also a part of his brain ( the braindrain ) , his leg and his one eye and expect him to go back to work . 
  that is impossible , and yeah , cruel . 
  i really doubt tsipras threatened the ez . 
  how did he do that ? 
  he doesnt have any leverage . 
  he intended to come in with some ideas to change europe and the current system that has been proven it doesnt work . 
  he failed to impress though . 
  there is no one reason why he failed though . 
  for sure , you can not just come into power and demand things . 
  from that perspective , you are right with your assemsment and ez are right to slow down tsippy . 
  but from the other side , germany and the rest of the ez did n't want tsipras . 
  they did n't want a leftist government . 
  what responded with direct humiliation ( greece doesnt have written proposals ( they lied ) , we can not negotiate properly , lack of trust circlejerk ) basically from day one . 
  to back this humiliation , german media came in and repeated the same things over and over again . 
  just look at spiegel , which used to be a great source . 
  their news items became shamelessly editorialized , calling tsipras a player or crazy . 
  the previous years they made tons of false claims and exagarations . 
  i wo n't even mention bild/welt . 
  the public opinion just did the same and now there is no way back . 
  its hard to fight against this notion now . 
  most germans think the greeks are lazy , get pensions when they are 40 and are just in to get their money . 
  even if the world shifted and merkel all of a sudden had to change her strategy to save eurozone and ... lets say ... really help and invest in greece , germans would need time to get convinced after swallowing propaganda stories for the last 6 years . 
  the damage for the next elections might be too big . 
  so we all continue with the same shit and it 's fucking depressing me, 
  and no greek would oppose those chages . 
  it 's just that we all know current measures do and will not work . 
  a * merkel plan * should be developed , greece would embrace this , we would work hard , change our cuntry , fight corruption , be a part of a well functioning eu , we would invest and develop this nation and do big endeavours with our neighbors , export and import products and grow along with the eu , generate tourism for everybody , the eu will love us and we will love the eu and we 'll all dance around the fire singing kumbaya !, 
  we greeks brought us all together < 3, 
  or the average german understand what is happening .
