  that 's over 10 % of the population . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  i should n't have went by the assumption that if they were born outside the uk they were n't nationals . 
   maybe this channel 4 report ah , cool . 
  i did n't know there was research done on this . 
   david blunkett is making reference to slovak roma living in page hall , sheffield . 
  never knew about page hall . 
  it 's funny because i live in sheffield and have met plenty of slovaks that moved here from small villages in their country . 
  i was always confused when they referred to their towns of origin with populations of ten thousand people as `` big places '' . 
   that a wiki it 's not a source . 
  if you 've ever used a wiki before you ought to know that they cite their sources . 
  those numbers were released by the government and can be found [ here ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/migration1/migration-statistics-quarterly-report/november-2011/population-by-country-of-birth-and-nationality.xls ) . 
   people also do n't tell anyone they dislike them but they do . 
  what ? 
   you should take a good hard look at that url even the guardian is fucking with you . 
  some college kids did a '' study '' over 3 years and they failed to look at the big picture . 
  what ? 
  this is some spectacular bull . 
   the former labour home secretary said his party 's decision to allow migrants from poland and hungary to work in britain from 2004 was a `` well-intentioned policy we messed up '' . 
  since poland joined the eu , not only did over half the polish immigrants that came to the uk leave afterwards , but the ones that stayed have helped in contributing around # 25 billion to the british economy . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/nov/05/migration-target-useless-experts ) . 
  skeptics might also like to read about the brain drain on eastern european countries and how countries like ireland , the uk , germany and france are benefiting from this . 
  a quick google search will give plenty of articles on it . 
  the only mistake labour made back then was that they did an awful job of estimating how many people would actually immigrate . 
   britain is now home to 200,000 roma migrants , one of the largest populations in western europe . 
  i 'd absolutely love to see a source for that . 
  it 'd mean there are almost as many roma in the uk as there are in hungary . 
   mr blunkett said : `` we have got to change the behaviour and the culture of the incoming roma community -- because there 's going to be an explosion otherwise '' . 
  where exactly is the `` incoming roma community '' coming from ? 
  romania and bulgaria ? 
  there was a really good talk on the bbc about this a while ago . 
  since countries like italy and spain never put restriction on immigration when those two countries joined the eu in 2007 , people that wanted to move to western europe moved to the latter two countries . 
  the population of romania for example shrunk by about 3 million due to emigration ( mainly to spain and italy ) since joining the eu . 
  simply put , there are n't enough people left in romania that actually * want * to leave so that the uk might be getting another flood of immigrants . 
  the people that wanted to emigrate , most likely already have . 
   he had been expected to say : `` we did too little to tackle the realities of segregation in communities that were struggling to cope . '', 
  this i agree with , but it 's a whole different story . 
  somehow countries like spain ( in europe ) and the us and australia ( outside of europe ) have managed quite well with integrating immigrants , while most others have struggled continuously . 
  when you allow people to come en masse from other countries you also have the responsibility of overseeing their integration . 
  the three main parties have basically no strategy for integrating the immigrants , while groups like edl and ukip want to stop the influx completely . 
  edit : tl ; dr the points he makes are n't backed up by reality . 
   polish people are the highest level of nationality below english . 
  edit : they are . 
   everyone everywhere hates romanians . 
  the other immigrants will go to war with them long before the english do . 
  i 've lived in the uk for a good few years and have * never * had an issue with the locals over where i 'm from . 
  nor have i ever had any issues with other immigrants , be they from eastern europe or someplace else . 
  try reading the daily mail less and actually speaking to some immigrants . 
  you might find some of them are really nice people with lots of respect for the country they moved to . 
   crime is going to be ridiculous . 
  i 'm sure it will . 
  tell us , what else has your crystal globe shown you ? 
  also , i 'll just leave these here : [ bam ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/nov/05/migration-target-useless-experts ) and [ bam ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-24813467 ) . 
  the article originated on dcnews.ro which has posted several pieces against putting down dogs since this whole thing started being talked about ( again ) a few weeks ago . 
  i 'd take anything they say with a large grain of salt . 
  kinda off-topic , but maybe you ought to reconsider your career plan a bit . 
  a phd program in the uk would typically take 3-4 years to complete ( depending on the department and the amount of work you choose to put into it ) , it would get you a visa for the entire period , and it would make finding a job afterwards a lot easier , both in academia and industry . 
  if you 're serious about moving to a european country , going to school there first would definitely be an advantage . 
  they 're identical , but we had dibs . 
  the topic of the thread was whether microsoft should face any penalties for the way they decided to restrict access to the xbox one upon release in certain countries of the eu . 
  interesting topic of debate , especially since microsoft are known for their dodgy business practices . 
  the conversation you started was about the ps4 not restricting access , and from there on it spiraled into a comparison of prices , features and specs between various consoles . 
  edit : wording, 
  and this , ladies and gentlemen , is how you derail a thread into yet another anti-xbox/pro-ps circlejerk . 
  i get why people are n't happy about the new xbox , but give it a rest all ready . 
  it 's bad enough that most posts in the past week on a bunch of subreddits ( most notably on r/gaming ) have been exactly about this . 
  it does n't need to spill into r/europe now . 
   they already are equal to everyone else . 
  the simple fact that they get picked on on the street in countries like russia , or my home country of romania shows that they 're not equal . 
  they might have most of the same rights , but they 're being treated as deranged scum by a lot of people . 
  the whole gay pride thing is to raise awareness to the fact that being gay is not a choice of lifestyle , rather something you 're born as . 
  the fact that you 're calling them `` deviants '' and comparing them to pedophiles shows that you do n't consider them your equals and do n't really care about the matter . 
  both zoophiles and pedophiles have intercourse with living beings that are n't capable of giving consent . 
  homosexuals are neither physically or mentally sick , nor is non-consentual sex involved in defining them . 
  would you consider the black rights activists of the 20th century usa annoying ? 
  or those activists wanting full rights for women ? 
  both those groups have been consistently discriminated on terms of something they were born as . 
  the situation is no different here . 
  edit : added a bit more text . 
  you forgot to mention that all of this stuff is n't actually in the constitution yet . 
  it needs to be voted on in a national referendum , which many people think wo n't pass . 
  people behind counters in england being nice . 
  after almost 20 years of rude , disgruntled employees everywhere in romania , it struck me as completely incredible that people working in a grocery store can actually be polite and smile . 
  same for england . 
  no one would ever do it in romania though . 
  you 'd mostly likely get everyone on the bus to stare at you if you did . 
  i recommend you consider romania . 
  i may be biased here , but it 's one of the easiest languages to learn as an english speaker . 
  both languages have a basis in latin ( much truer for romanian than english , which is germanic ) and have tons of words borrowed from french . 
  there 's actually a list of some of the most spoken languages in terms of how hard they are to learn for an english speaker . 
  sadly i can only find [ this link ] ( http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/wikibooks:language_learning_difficulty_for_english_speakers ) at the moment , and not the original source . 
  considering you 're studying politics , i 'm sure you 'll find the political atmosphere in romania a lot more interesting than in the uk . 
  the struggle against corruption has been going on for the past 20 years , and things have been improving , but there 's still stuff going on continuously . 
  one day some big businessman , who 's also a senator , gets caught money laundering . 
  two weeks later , the press finds out that he was actually the president 's godson , and the president was helping him ship money around . 
  things like that . 
  mind you , that never actually happened , it was a bit of a typical example . 
  i can think of far worse things that actually have happened . 
  most romanians have a pretty good grasp of english ( even though the accent is atrocious ) so you wo n't have any trouble getting along there at first . 
  apart from a few places , you 'll find the country cheap as hell .
