dubstep / \u02c8d\u028cbst\u025bp / is a genre of electronic dance music that originated in south london , england . 
  russian turbofolk ? 
  i always find it funny how these guys wrote six albums about everyone else before they finally decided to write one about their own country 's history . 
  it 's not like they did n't have what to sing about . 
  what does the `` polska '' in all those song titles mean ? 
  i 'm assuming it 's not poland . 
  it was used in kill bill , yeah . 
  bilbao gets less sunshine than helsinki . 
  never would have thought it . 
  take a chill pill , boss, 
  i watched all the videos and i think i get the point of / u/pokymonn 's comments . 
  frankly , the videos look more like propaganda videos than anything else . 
  lots of colorful stuff and pretty pictures , very few numbers and statistics . 
  it 's the kind of thing the government puts out to show that they 've done something , when , during the same time frame and using the same available resources , could have done a lot more . 
  typical romanian bullshit . 
  the videos are really well made ( i cracked up a bit when the guy picked up that girl next to the fountains in braila ) and they make you feel good about what 's happening in the country , i 'm not contesting that . 
  the issue is that they serve little point . 
  the romanian government has accomplished very little in absolute terms , especially if you take into account how much money they have available from the eu . 
  by now , romania should 've been linked to the rest of europe by motorways and proper trains . 
  instead , getting from one end of the country to the other by train takes roughly 20 hours ( incidentally , i recently went through this `` adventure '' ) . 
  it 's this lack of infrastructure that makes the country unable to develop and reach the standards of central or western european countries . 
  tl ; dr the videos show how the government fixed some relatively minor stuff , while romania is full of major issues . 
  good video otherwise . 
  edit : also , i understand that the video was not meant to address the big issues , i was trying to put what / u/pokymonn said in nicer terms . 
  top lel, 
  [ basically , yeah . 
  private investment . 
  it 's not like the government built any of it . 
  fiber optic cable everywhere . 
  literally everywhere . 
  the problem is n't with infrastructure though , it 's with people from the countryside not know what the internet is . 
  or what a computer is . 
  or what electricity is . 
  i made myself sad . 
  i think you need to chill out a bit , the guy was just cracking a joke . 
  ... and in all fairness , i know basically no one in romania that buys sliced bread . 
   i think the police should stop playing so defensively , put them in line , make it known that savages will not drag europe back to division and hatred . 
  lol, 
  this thread gave me cancer . 
  my point is that the mods ' decision was right . 
  what 's yours ? 
   he was banned for having unpopular opinions pretty sure being a neo-nazi is only popular with other neo-nazis . 
   what constitutes as rude ? 
  [ basically , do n't be a dickhead . 
  ] ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/rude#adjective )  why do n't you at least try to value free speech so brave . 
  so euphoric, 
   they 2 nations have always been friendly , the former clearly being the latter 's subordinate throughout 1 century of unbroken collaboration . 
  it 's just some dude either trolling hard or completely oblivious to how the cold war worked . 
  i 've never heard anybody in romania , or otherwise , with that opinion before . 
  do n't stress it too much . 
  what you 'll find in this thread : a bunch of people angry because the op has a russian flair . 
  i thought we could all agree that just because you 're from somewhere you do n't actually represent your country . 
  people seem to be forgetting that an awful lot when it comes to russians lately . 
   first piece of information the title is the first piece of information . 
  the picture might stand out more , but somebody clicking on the link ( here or elsewhere ) will have seen the title before seeing the picture , making the image at least the second piece of information . 
   do you not think a huge picture could affect how people perceive the article ? 
  should n't that picture be relevant to the actual story because of this ? 
  the picture is relevant . 
  it shows what kind of stuff goes down in belfast . 
  the article implies that the people still live there , but are planning to move out . 
  i doubt the family would be all right with a news website posting a picture of their house to make racist attacks even easier . 
  am i meant to read the article and guess what your point is ? 
  source ? 
  i can just as easily say most people will read that little blurb beneath it . 
  they 'll look at the picture and title and figure out the picture is n't directly related to the story . 
  let 's stop talking out of our asses , please . 
   the picture they used was from 2013 . 
  they do state that though . 
   but of course , they want to push their leftist agenda there 's no unbiased press in britain . 
  i like how they gave the eastern part of romania to hungary , but they would n't give them the sz\u00e9kely land , which is the bit that actually has hungarians . 
  also , i love how they call alsace-lorraine lotharingia . 
   do n't donwnvote me . 
  i know that subreddit is lefitist and euroenthusiast , but majority of people have different views . 
  while saying that , you do n't actually say why you would n't be happy about your country adopting the euro . 
  if you 're afraid of getting downvoted you might as well back your opinions up a bit instead of just tossing out something that you know a lot of people will disagree with . 
  i understand that . 
  it 's always annoying when a bunch of people that think the same things in a community are the most vocal . 
  it does n't necessarily mean that everybody agrees , just that a lot of people ca n't be bothered arguing with the vocal minority . 
  just like i do n't assume that every russian is responsible for the actions of the russian state , you probably should n't assume that every poster on / r/europe is a closed minded dickhead that just gets on every hate train this subreddit is occasionally subject to . 
  there 's a good amount of decent posters on this subreddit , if you ask me . 
  if you downvote the idiots and give a persuasive and calm argument as to why they 're wrong ( and not throw a tantrum ) , you 'll definitely find people that will listen to you . 
  sorry if i was a prick about your english earlier , by the way . 
  how did we get from me not understanding your post to the soviets occupying romania ? 
   that literally means it is my fault . 
  what 's your fault ? 
  what ? 
   because literally all russians are soviet opressors of poor poland , estonia e.t.c. 
  and literally putler anexing crimea . 
  also all russians are responsible for putler . 
  so the dead terrorist 's ( since they did not opose terrorists = they are allies ) are good , right ? 
  did n't understand a single thing you tried to say . 
  you 'd probably have a better time putting your thoughts into google translate and then just pasting what comes out . 
  [ well done , sir . 
  ] ( http://awesomegifs.com/wp-content/uploads/don-draper-slow-clap.gif ), 
  calm yourself . 
  if you do n't care about the topic just do n't read the articles . 
  it 's not like it 's preventing other people from posting to this subreddit . 
  as stupid as the initial analogy was , you still somehow manage to spout out something even worse . 
   totitiganiisuntgunoi ok . 
  you 're asking for our opinions about a whole country and its people , but you do n't wan na hear any stereotypes .
