this is what i thought of too . 
  people tend to think of fairness and equality in the sense that everything is divided equally , so that if a job is n't basically split 50/50 between the genders sexism must be at work . 
  in reality once people feel truly free to follow their goals without having to fight against people holding them back or trying to prove a point about what they are capable of something closer to actual patterns of choice can arise . 
  the one problem with things like this is that people tend to see them and think `` these stereotypes seem true so all of them must be true . '', 
  the fact that certain stereotypical preferences seem to be borne out by facts should n't be taken as a license to assume that women all want to or should go into stereotypical feminine roles . 
  people actually do this ? 
  it 's also common for people to develop unrealistic views of foreign countries , especially when you have smugglers trying to sell trips abroad . 
  they hear in another country the household income is 10 times what it is in their home country and they think just a plane or boat trip will decuple their income , but they have n't been told that the cost of living is 5 times as high . 
  add in the fact that different cultures have different expectations . 
  they might come from a culture where women do n't work because they have to stay home and take care of 4 + kids but they 're moving to a country where both parents are expected to work just to pay for 2 kids . 
  people think they 're going to show up in another country and become rich instantly but in truth even in just about the best scenarios they 're going to show up and be behind the national average because of problems like language , education and culture gaps that make it harder for them to land the sort of jobs they need to land to earn the money they want to . 
  and not what you think of when people talk about refugees . 
  you 'd think free room and board in a country free from war would be considered good enough for a start . 
  usa is getting more welcoming , though i do n't see china ever welcoming a mass influx of immigrants . 
  it 's interesting to think how the word `` moderate '' might change . 
  in the past being a moderate christian might have meant not owning slaves while also not judging those that do , whereas now that would be considered extremely backwards . 
  the draw of religion is that it 's supposed to be timeless , ancient laws as true today as they were when god handed them down . 
  the appeal of politics and culture is that a more perfect world might be achieved by throwing away the bad and keeping the good . 
  in that way one might say religion and the idea of cultural progression are somewhat at odds . 
  do n't knock silly cartoons , we 've still got major media outlets that are afraid to publish the wrong silly cartoons . 
  especially when you 're talking about someone moving , unless you think that people should be obligated to pay taxes to their nation of birth for their entire lives no matter what they do . 
  only issue is that most attempts to `` get rid of the problem '' have failed miserably . 
  lone gunmen seem more likely to be white . 
  i 'm trying to think about the most famous coordinated terror attack like this by non-muslims like this . 
  the oklahoma city bombing and columbine come to mind . 
  reading through the article and two linked from it i have one question , how did she get all those bones ? 
  really interesting comment , but just to be clear i did n't mean to insult eastern europeans . 
  i should have put `` enlightened '' in question marks because i 'm thinking more of being politically correct . 
  in america we had a political commenter going off on another commenter for using the term `` hard working '' to describe a white politician because it was somehow racist and disrespectful to slaves . 
  meanwhile the same person could insult poor white people from the south calling them literally white trash and people would be ok with it because `` white trash '' folks are n't sufficiently progressive or politically correct so they hardly count as people . 
  the parallels are n't exact but looking at the way eastern europeans are treated by other europeans feels a bit like watching the way southern/rural white americans are treated by the rest of the country . 
  we 've gotten too progressive to hate people based on skin color but we 're still fine kicking poor people , especially the poor people who look like us but are n't as enlightened . 
  i would agree there are differences , but it can be hard to draw the lines . 
  i mean we sort of like to say things like politics and religion are off limits but some would argue every element of life has a religious or political element . 
  we all think teaching our children ethics and morality is essential but for true religious believers religion is the only real foundation of these systems . 
  to tell them that they can teach ethics but ca n't teach religion is like telling them they can tell kids what they should do but ca n't teach them why they should do those things . 
  still , i do think some rather extreme forms of indoctrination should be off limits in a society that accepts that religious rights are n't unlimited , just like how we do n't allow human sacrifice no matter how devout the practitioners might be . 
  `` they made russia bleed really badly with that oil stunt so why sanction them ? '', 
  because if you do n't it makes the sanctions against russia look purely political rather than principled ? 
  people hate indoctrination when it 's indoctrination they do n't like . 
  show a bunch of kids being taught to share , standing with their parents at a human rights protest or marching in a pride parade and people get all warm and fuzzy . 
  most teaching looks like indoctrination when it 's teaching you do n't like , and people have to go above and beyond to teach values that run contrary to the surrounding culture . 
  thanks for the numbers !, 
  so 25 % of the immigrants in america being mexican makes sense . 
  not exactly what illbuyajuicer is saying . 
  there are 122.3 million people in mexico , so maybe a little under 10 % of the mexican nationals in the world live in america , which is pretty crazy but far from 25 % . 
  what does that mean ? 
  25 % of all living mexican nationals live in the us ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  if it 's true i 'm astounded i 've never heard of that before . 
  i would be proud to be called a jew . 
  right , i was n't trying to knock porn , just argue that it 's an influential part of the media landscape . 
  and as with anything it has its pros and cons . 
  i for one think that there 's something to be said for the room it gives people to explore their sexual interests from the safety of their own home . 
  i also like how you point out your own turn to amateur porn , because i think that 's fairly common . 
  porn can have a negative impact on how people view sex , but so can mainstream media or even religious teachings . 
  as others have pointed out the important thing is making sure quality sexual education is available so kids growing up in the information age are equipped to do what you 're doing , walk into the experience able to differentiate real from fake in a medium where the lines can get blurry . 
  thanks for the input . 
  it 's a complicated issue for sure , i 'd encourage anyone to look into the figures themselves . 
  i was more arguing as the devil 's advocate . 
  going back to your original post i would definitely agree that sex education , and especially instruction on proper condom use , is the best use of government resources . 
  even if anal sex is more dangerous i do n't think the government has much power to cut down on its popularity , while i do think it can make a big difference in how frequently and properly condoms are used . 
  you mock , but how do you think many kids learn about sex ? 
  why do sexual practices around the world tend to reflect the sexual practices depicted in the media ? 
  american women did n't suddenly start shaving their vaginas randomly or because they saw the style on broadcast tv . 
  condom failure rates are higher with anal sex than vaginal sex . 
  http://www.aidsmap.com/consistent-condom-use-in-anal-sex-stops-70-of-hiv-infections-study-finds/page/2586976/ even if the rates of failure were equal anal sex would still be more dangerous because the anus is prone to tears and designed to soak up liquids in a way the vagina is n't . 
  we 're not talking about astronomical differences here , but differences that are never-the-less significant . 
  of course using condoms during anal sex is safer than not using condoms during anal sex , but vaginal intercourse with condoms is safer than both and so a nation invested in its population can be considered rational to encourage the safer option . 
  i knew it would come back to refugees !, 
  i would n't be surprised to find religious-related stuff in his past , but right now i 'm thinking he 's more like an american school kid lashing out than a jihadi . 
  the bully thing is actually a bit of a misunderstanding . 
  a lot of school shooters do n't do all that much to target specific people who have victimized them . 
  a lot of it is just about flexing the sort of power they feel they 've been denied . 
  that same sort of rationale could apply to this shooter , but i 'm not about to psycho-analyze one way or another considering the fact that the first round of knee jerk evaluations seem to be false . 
  if you 're the police it 's better to assume 3 and go all out rather than hope it 's just one . 
  sounds like a lot of american school shooters . 
  where was it confirmed ? 
   ( unless theyre at fancy dress up event and being asked to , apparently ) very sneaky strategy for getting that panty shot, 
   i 'm lurking but have nothing interesting to comment that 's never stopped me from commenting . 
  but seriously , i 'd like to express my sympathies . 
  it 's hard to know what to say when it feels like you end up saying the same things about the same senseless acts of violence week after week . 
  sorry if my comment came off as critical of the french . 
  re-reading it i can see how it might sound snotty on my part . 
  let me put it this way , i come to / r/europe because i 'm suspicious of americans talking about a continent they do n't live in and have never visited , and i say that as one of those americans . 
  i like to hear from the people closest to the news , and while europeans in general are closer to this story than others i 'd say no one can beat the french when it comes to understanding what it 's like to live in france . 
  i hope i did n't come off as rubbing salt in the wound , i understand the numbness that can come with a steady stream of disturbing news . 
  i wonder why there is nobody with a french flair in this comment section . 
  it seems like the moves they made were designed to provoke a fight with erdogan 's civilian supporters rather than actually taking control . 
  it 's the one at hand . 
  i agreed to a comment mentioning a cut-back in immigration . 
  you could support new immigration rules regarding states known as hotbeds of islamic terror without a blanket ruling against muslims . 
  complaints about social media slacktivism and migrants has n't stopped it either . 
  agreed . 
  seeing people try to ban all muslims in response is infuriating . 
  not because it 's not politically correct , but because it 's a lot more likely to increase the danger and lead to shit really spiraling out of control . 
  i do n't know much about israel , what would they have done to stop an attack like this ? 
  the scary thing is i 'm not sure how much it matters whether or not isis was involved or not when it comes to would be terrorists . 
  one could say that even if they did n't provide any material support they provided inspiration , indirect leadership , or `` spiritual '' support . 
  people talk about how things will calm down once isis is done for as a state in the middle east but i 'm worried it 's become an idea that will live on in the minds of the frustrated , murderous , and deranged .
