the saddest part about it is that it will be her who will be in the eu . 
  why not someone actually competent ? 
  poland what are you doing ? 
  we did n't agree on this on the v4 meeting !, 
  why do you betray us ? 
  and from the more recent events , there is * 1918 creation of czechoslovakia , being freed from the austria-hungarian monarchy . 
  * 1938 munich treaty , which surrendered czech territories to hitler without considering czech opinion . 
  * 1968 soviet invasion into czechoslovakia after the communist regime had been a bit `` freedomed '' , things like censure had been shut down etc. 
  * 1989 velvet revolution against the communist regime , end of the regime . 
  i am no expert , but nokia 's mobile division is currently being shut down and around 8000 people were fired . 
  you forgot leaving your comment, 
  10 \u00b0 c + rain yesterday in czechia :( today looks like it is going to be the same , the current temperature is 7 \u00b0 c and cloudy , looks like it is going to rain, 
  iirc , they wanted to help our export by establishing a shorter , more `` trademarky '' name . 
  i am not sure it will help though . 
  when the boston marathon bombing happened , there already was quite a lot of people from usa confusing chechnya and the czech republic ( or even czechoslovakia ) . 
  i do n't think there will be any change :p here are some funny tweets ... http://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2013/04/people-who-thought-chechnya-was-the-czech-republic-collectors-edition/275193/, 
  tbh , i was just too lazy to write out the full name . 
  the same occured to me , however , when i was in poland , i felt like people actually drove better than in czechia . 
  it must be only the polish driving abroad driving like animals . 
  as unexpected as it is , more people migrate from germany to czechia than vice versa . 
  the real reason behind this , however , are seniors moving into czech retirement homes because they are cheaper while offering comparable quality . 
  i wonder why it is that when i play any online game , any slovakian i meet is very vulgar about my czechness . 
  do you hate czechs so much in slovakia or what ? 
  native czech , english official c1 , spanish unofficial a2-b1 , i know a few words in german . 
  as a czech i do n't care about it, 
  that is true only for western europe , because napoleon captured only those coutries . 
  the austro-hungarian empire ( and then the divided coutries ) kept driving on the left until hitler , who made the switch . 
  i have to admit , i like the irony . 
  they thought they would get free mercedeses in germany and instead they have to pay 10 $ / day in the czech republic . 
  but to be honest , i do n't understand why ( or what for ) do they have to pay either . 
  they did the same to all opavia biscuits here in the czech republic . 
  mondelez bought the czech company and decided to do something similar , but instead of reducing the weight , they reduced the quality . 
  all opavia products now taste like shit , and all we are left with are manner wafers , which are quite expensive :(, 
  it 's true that during the czech regional elections a couple of months ago , the same idnes.cz readers would vote one of the czech 's most radical political parties to victory in one of its polls . 
  in the actual elections , the party recieved 4.67 % of all votes . 
  reminds me of a recent poll on a czech news website where quite a big majority of czech pollers voted that they would vote for trump . 
  i wonder why . 
  well , the bmi index is not really a proper representation of `` fitness '' , as very muscular people can easily score as obese . 
  one example of this would be my high school p.e. 
  teacher . 
  no fat , just a fair amount of muscles and he was obese according to his bmi index . 
  yeah , d1 is notorious for its horrible quality . 
  it is ubearable to drive in the slow lane at speeds of more than 110 km/h , so most drivers just drive in the fast lane all the time and when someone wants to pass them , they move to the slow lane . 
  however , the reconstruction is happening slowly but surely . 
  we are 4th ? 
  that does n't sound right, 
  like in the old days of the 1800s . 
  i , for one , am happy that they are not in prague . 
  it is almost impossible to move on the old town square because of how overcrowded it is with all the tourists . 
  i kind of envy my father , who told me that in the 1980 's the old town was kind of dead , without any tourists , souvenir shops , etc. 
  it is so difficult to imagine . 
  a few months ago , we gave a bit of our territory to poland , now germany ... 
  there will be no czechia left in 100 years . 
  czechia can into space, 
  the czech comentator said the same . 
  yes , but their publisher , ea , is from the usa . 
  usually it is the publisher who has their word in these things . 
   also , there are quite few trains which can use this speed . 
  exactly . 
  the new corridor to the city where i live supports speeds up to 160 km/h ( mostly ) , but \u010cd keeps using carriages from the seventies which can only go 140 km/h . 
  at least we do n't have problems with electrical doors jamming !, 
  yes , reading this article has made me sad . 
  especially the part about german trains only reaching 300 km/h at a handful of places . 
  czech trains have never gone faster than 160 km/h and the first highspeed railway is projected to start construction in 2025 . 
  yeah , i doubt it . 
  the construction of new highways ( in places where they should have been standing years ago ) is also slow as fuck . 
  ecoterrorists and land owners are slowing down the construction even more , not to mention the current eia statements problem . 
  well , maybe they should offer more money then . 
  even then it is similar to the czech laws . 
  i wonder why they are different colours in the map . 
  a car parts factory with cca 3000 employees . 
  this is what a society where workers ' unions are considered `` communism remains '' has produced . 
  in the factory in the city i live in , workers are underpaid and overworked , yet the union in that factory has a grand total of 1 member . 
  i am not sure how this is possible in a region with 4 % unemployment . 
  this is just sad . 
   most countries have a number of years that are `` obligatory '' , but that does n't mean that if you do n't go they 'll force you into going . 
  ah , that must be it then . 
  it is common here to see police cars taking ( usually gypsy ) kids to primary schools by force . 
  afaik , the parents can be denied their unemployment money if their kids fail to go to school , etc. 
  i wonder why czechia is doing so well in this statistic . 
  is it because the first 9 years of school , which are compulsory , are counted as primary education , whereas in other countries they are not ? 
  do other countries not have compulsory primary education ? 
  both names are officially acceptable . 
  czechia is just shorter , which is why i use it . 
  it really is bad in czechia . 
  i decided to boycott the companies and went for a company contract which gives me 50 minutes , 50 texts and 150 mb of data for 40 crowns/month ( 1,5 $ / month ) . 
  i usually use all the data within the first day , but i am not giving them more money than that for their shitty pricing . 
  i am sorry for the people who do n't have that option . 
  erdogan sure has a lot to learn about free speech . 
  no need , they already paid . 
  back when they were created , `` startup '' was n't even a word . 
  in czechia , the lowest coin value is 1 czk , which is roughly 3,7 eurocents currently . 
  when i travel to any euro-paying country , i usually end up with so many valueless cent coins in my wallet , that i just throw them out afterwards . 
  does n't happen to me with czech crowns , as 13 1 czk coins can buy me a bus ticket , and the machine does n't even care . 
  now complete with the ugly budweiser tent !, 
  this reminds me of a town named kvasiny here in czechia . 
  \u0160koda auto opened a new factory there , which would employ cca 3000 people . 
  this rapidly increased the population in the small town , so much in fact , that there are not enough people to work in the services area , as all work in the factory for much higher wages . 
  there are not enough policemen . 
  the roads can not take the every day commute , resulting in heavy traffic .
