have fun munich !, 
  im so jelly we dont do anything as cool here . 
  correct . 
  lake district . 
  oh and where did i leave the rest of my family ... 
  what small small firms where ? 
  any small business would be mad to want to stay in the eu its a red tape nightmare speaking from the perspective as a small business owner who does not export anything . 
  nice i think this also fits [ johnny cash ] ( http://youtubedoubler.com/?video1=https%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3dxyskozanelw&amp;start1=0&amp;video2=https%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3dtxn1miqjct4&amp;start2=0&amp;authorname=bombauer ), 
  no no merkel is to blame the next larger wave thats on its way and for all the people pretending to be syrian instead of giving real info since she said they were welcome . 
  then maybe dont invite them ? 
  excellent . 
  europe loves pork dont come if you dont . 
  the bbc is a national disgrace , we will hopefully see alot of its funding cut in the upcoming years . 
  best wishes to the hungarians we can see your doing your best in a terrible situation you should not have been put in . 
  not !, 
  want !, 
  the no side is the leave side and polls show us on course to leave if things dont get alot better before the vote . 
  we cant opt out of the rest unfortunately do n't worry we get a chance to bail out soon . 
  cool , hopefully we can say goodbye soon . 
  `` in the u.k. , the period of high immigration that began in 1997 and intensified in 2004 with the extension of free movement rights to the new member states of central and eastern europe , is generally recognized as having a positive economic impact . '', 
  thats utter bullshit , that study only concluded that those migrants who found long term employment quickly and then left again before approaching retirement age were of net gain to the economy any who stay or dont stay employed until they leave are a massive drain on the uk . 
  nope , i cant wait . 
  haha and my side of the campaign would say we will take our chances , 
  honestly you think that will be an option ? 
  i dont trust that to be the true goal . 
  that maybe so but we want no part of a eu army so leaving is better option . 
  as a out campaign supporter i welcome these merkel interventions . 
  the right decision too it would of caused incredible damage to area it was listed to be built on . 
  i dont see the other . 
  username checks out . 
  the comment below is shadowbanned . 
  i signed up for the raf at 18 but id never join a eu military . 
  germany , am getting real sick of your shit . 
  there is every sign spain would block it though . 
  spain is not at all happy about the catalonians choosing independence from what ive read . 
  nope the lucky bastards will be outside the eu in the event of separation from the country that is a eu member . 
  if only someone had warned us , oh wait they did.yes the eu leaders are full on special needs . 
  best of luck to hungary i hope you manage this . 
  thanks merkle . 
  what ? 
  of course we have passports and yes you do need them and yes they are used as id documents wtf are you talking about ? 
  the snp are in no position to be against anything , as for labour they are majority for it . 
  lol there is no serious discussion about this in the uk op do n't mislead people , only mentals think its a good idea the vast majority dont , trident will be renewed without so much of a squeak from the opposite benchs in parliament . 
  really ? 
  a drop in the bucket , ok its obviously pointless id be more than happy to scrap that too . 
  you think thats a threat ? 
   that would suit us just fine , we dont need to get our heads out of anything , we dont want them we have enough problems to deal with already , we already give 13 billion a year as foreign aid we do more than enough . 
  you realise its guarded both ends , also monitored throughout and there is a small matter of some large trains moving through it at reasonable speed ? 
  france isnt holding anything back its all down to eurostar at the moment and they dont have an option if they wish to continue running trains through the tunnel . 
  * edit * also we are an island and thats the way we like it thanks . 
  guarded tunnel . 
  it still wont be our problem since there the small issue of the english channel  there is no reason for these people to need to flea france so there are no refugees in calais . 
   they do n't even pay for their disaster in calais news flash calais is not in the uk its in france . 
  i agree with him and i 'd be more than happy for us ( in the uk ) to stop paying into and receiving ` help ' from the eu . 
  why you so racist / s, 
  id say they are irrelevant as long as trade isnt restricted ( and it would still hurt us les than the eu if it was ) we would be very happy outside the eu . 
  pray tell what would change ? 
  what if i told you we buy from the eu 50 % more than we sell to it so who do you think suffers most from barriers ? 
  yes crumble like its not already doing just fine compared to the eu as it is . 
  i hope your right as it will be another boost to the out campaign , 
  2 invisble comments 1 visible . 
  any of the anglosphere countries would be worth a look . 
  i do , i show my passport and it takes about 30 seconds before i get it back and i 'm on my way , so its basically no issue at all , schengen is a stupid idea that we tried to warn you about but as usual noone listened . 
  we have the money we do n't have the space or the social structures or resources to even house , feed and school our own population do n't try and tell me what is a bad excuse , we are more than full already the eu needs to fuck off with its over bearing bullshit its up to each nation to decide how many people it accepts each year and we have had enough . 
  nope . 
  and compared to england alone when you remove the scottish uninhabitable land the welsh mountains etc ? 
  we already take too many , look at our population density then look at england allone , its beyond high enough . 
  i would be cool with all of that . 
  thanks obama !, 
  oh yeah i totally understand mate thats why the ' i wish ' part was in my original post , 
  the uk isnt isreal though i dont think we have ever released military secrets ? 
  and compared to the f35 we have bought the f22 is a bargin . 
  the f22 is an awesome jet i wish they would sell us some to replace the shitty euro fighter and f35 's . 
  schengen has resulted in the removal of almost every internal border check in the eu , if these refugees wanted to move they could just go where they liked . 
  which is why charlie hebdo have not carried on as they were and promised never to publish mohammed cartoons again , sadly . 
  we will try our best but i doubt it will be possible as others try to follow . 
  your right he will never make that statement but what he does in silence is very different from what hes broadcasting to the public , for 2 resent examples would be ` we wont pay the extra money they eu demands because our economy did well ' and ' we will not be forced to bail out greece against our will ' both of which he quietly paid while saying nothing to the public . 
  germany do what you like but we do n't need to follow your decisions thank you . 
  fuck the megathread !, 
  as soon as these people are safe and out of danger they are no longer refugees and we no longer have a responsibility to take them in , they should apply for immigration like every one else who follows the rules of law . 
  if i was fleeing certain death in a war zone yes i would take my family with me not run away allone . 
  not even close . 
  it will help britain , which is the important thing , i cant wait to vote for out . 
  its called science . 
  not at all why ? 
  plenty people posting in this sub or / ukpolitics and similar subs can attest to the amount of non pro left posts disappearing and users getting banned or auto moderated ( shadow banned ) without so much a warning or reason in many political subs . 
  to cry brigading because other people are increasing getting tired of being told everyone else 's problems are our responsibility is the real paranoia . 
  `` brigading '' . 
  who , what , where , why , when ? 
  ` you guys ' ? 
  what are you on about your upset that opposing views are being aired and instantly banned like before ? 
  reddit is very left leaning if you think otherwise you should try leaving your ` safe spaces ' once in a while and visit the real world . 
  i envy denmark , at least it has a government trying to handle this very pressing issue . 
  no , it the attitudes of people who consider people who dont agree with them as racists thats the problem in the uk right now not the people standing up to you idiots . 
  go back and find the % of land suitable thats not used your stats are worthless hense the insults when you use them as ` facts ', 
  you just made yourself look like a clown , ukip arent far right or racist you however are very dumb . 
  no it isnt . 
  looking past the very obvious fact that very large amounts of land are not suitable for housing , then what about agricultural land to produce food ? 
  or sustain wildlife or you know just scenic landscapes that arent a concrete hellhole . 
  land is not only for houses you utter cretin .
