  that is the dumbest thing i 've ever seen said in the internet , not an easy accolade to win . 
  nope they were anti capitalist entirely try reading some of hitlers speaches . 
  nazi 's were left wing the clue is in the name . 
  wrong . 
  its not offensive to english people at all , i know of noone who thinks thats offensive its no worse than crowd or gaggle or any other descriptive word , people who do find it offensive have educational or mental issues . 
   once the english are out . 
  upvoted for the quoted part only . 
  nope . 
  ideially they should but the reports say its costing 1 billion per year in contaminated goods already , 10 million seems cheap if its a real solution not just compensation . 
  seems like a small fee if its really does secure the passage of freight and passengers from the illegals and the french workers id pay it in a heart beat . 
  fuck me that is chilling . 
  dont forget the french and dutch no votes also . 
  we wish . 
  no , fuck off thx . 
  out . 
  good his position after the referendum is untenable . 
  we agree . 
  i cant wait to vote for out . 
  / salute . 
  fuck that let us leave then we can fix our god damn country . 
  no , if they default , devalue and return to the drachma it shows they are serious about recovering like iceland did , i would advocate people to help them by visiting and boosting tourism , no tariffs , no punishment and border controls would be reestablished already due to eu exit . 
  no , not in any way , nato is the reason . 
  peacekeeping ? 
  erm your confusing the eu with nato . 
  any time a ` election ' only has 1 candidate its not really a election is it . 
  we wish , the eu leaders are way too pussy to even think of it . 
  fuck off turkey . 
  wow thats very brave . 
  good . . let the democratic contempt flow through eu ( you ) , use the expansionist side . 
  mate we intend to 360 no scope it into the dark . 
  its the fifth largest economy on the planet and has a # 80 billion trade deficit with the eu each year . 
  its very well placed to make deals . 
  tolerance of intolerance is stupidity . 
  the government wants to stay in its stalling to try and find a positive of the eu to try and sell to the voters but there are so few they are struggling to find and broadcast them . 
  us too mate . 
  new zealand . 
  i wont buy food from anywhere that has a halal notice because its a backwards barbaric cave practise that has no place in the uk . 
  i hope we do , but not for us since were off but for ireland and malta . 
  ffs germany :*(, 
  wtf judges wtf, 
  and english doesnt fuck around with trying to flavour everything one way or the other thats why its winning . 
  no chance , literally zero % . 
  we dont give a fuck about single market membership angela . 
  we will see , 
  i 'm so surprised !, 
  the f22 is superior in almost every single way . 
  a majority is a majority noone can please everyone . 
  that will be sir nigel if mrs may has any sense of fairness . 
  good thats what we ( the uk ) wanted , best of luck to them in the future . 
  we already contribute more than enough in aid money directly this is an additional # 2 bllion no thanks . 
  as someone who was in manchester the day they blew up the arndale shopping center in 1996 i say bullshit . 
  well thats some serious revisionist bullshit . 
  talking about the eu and i quote `` thatcher had reached the conclusion that britain would be better off out in the 1990s following the ratification of the maastricht treaty in 1992 . '', 
  your welcome europe . 
  your welcome europe . 
  because that our tax money anyway the eu raises no money of its own , there is no such thing as eu money . 
  o rly ? 
  hey spain we will fight you for it . 
  smart swiss are smart . 
  the day we invoke article 50 we have 2 years where we can continue with all current trade deals . 
  fly . 
  hoping for garry johnson to pull off a coup . 
  i was n't mocking or being dismissive , thats just what i thought coz there is no other explanation it must of been bad to have this as preferable . 
  you guys keep telling us ( the uk ) we dont matter so why cry if we want out ? 
  way ahead of you sir . 
  but the eu money greece is getting is to pay back german banks its not staying in the greek economy, 
  a devalued drachma would boost one of greece 's major economic interests which is tourism, 
  life must of been really bad in greece before the eu for them to put up with this shit rather than say ` fuck it ' and drop the euro . 
  this is madness . . 
  agreed the hordes invading europe are not refugees your correct . 
  cant its too far gone . 
  yes of course there is . 
  we will start with this https://twitter.com/sahouraxo/status/849635794994286592/photo/1 and if these pictures are real then its beyond doubt https://twitter.com/justinraimondo/status/849747752300838912 sarin is highly toxic via dermal contact and in water as well as aerial . 
  i 'm truly sorry to ruin your sandy little circle jerk . 
  false flag . 
   with the brexit , you 're negociating with 27 , with wto you 'll negociate with 120ish + think of it this way with eu you have to negotiate with 1 bloc thats considering 27 small nations interests at the same time , with the wto countries you just deal with each country on a one by one basis . 
  no ` we ' are not , you r either failing to read or deliberating misleading people . 
  not for wto members no there isnt . 
  its defaulting to those base rules no deals needed . 
  im afraid you cant . 
  wto is no deal not a last resort deal . 
   like china . 
  hong kong island was ceded in perpetuity to the uk , that is incorrect , the lease was for 99 years only , and the uk honored the terms of that deal . 
  if by ` force ' you mean signed over to them for perpetuity , ok, 
  so how does a closed border effect tax banking , done id assume mostly via phone and the internet ? 
  / raises his hand . 
  your right about the % for eu votes but a greater % voted to stay part of the uk over spain . 
  so seal the border the uk will supply gib via sea and air , no big deal . 
  it will only hurt the close border spaniards who cross that border for work . 
  not true in the slightest , if there is ` no deal ' after 2 years we will happily revert to wto rules . 
  because i believe all people who create and pass the laws in my country should be subjected to voting by the population every 4 to 5 years . 
  ok im not fan of the eu but thats pretty funny . 
  wait ? 
  we can move about in the ocean now ? 
  why did noone tell me !, 
  i say we slide up next to hawaii . 
  wouldnt spanish be a better choice ? 
  spain is very large eu nation and it would allow easier comunication with all of latin america ? 
  still not the uks problem . 
  much faster to declare support for one of them and get banned .
