  flower as the whole flower is actually * not * a flower plants like dandlions or whatever are called herbs, 
  yes they are `` a flower , sometimes known as a bloom or blossom , is the reproductive structure found in plants that are floral '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flower, 
  those are synonyms, 
  comments is full of people who do n't know what flowers actually are, 
  as i have pointed out to those , the top part * is * the flower, 
  the floral leaves * is * the flower, 
  flower is the top part any kind of plant can have flowers many trees have flowers the whole plant that usually is called flower is in english `` herb '' . 
  this is an entierly different word, 
  ah yes , out island island spelled wrong , to boot, 
  excuse me ? 
  the eu is indeed thouruoghly corrupt, 
  only a small part of that is the duchy, 
  actually i 'm kinda surprised luxemburg has no milliardaires, 
  pink countries are best countries, 
  that 's the fronts of wwii just before the battle in stalingrad, 
  well jeez thanks for that slander, 
  yea i know, 
  iraq was the only country there given independence before like israel in 1948, 
  mandatory iraq being part of british empire is kinda disgusting i mean , obvs colonialism at large is disgusting , but i feel the treatment of iraq was overly hypocritical, 
  quite petty from the evil imperialists of 400 years, 
  yes i 'd even go as far to say as when eu-people say `` europe '' , it 's propaganda, 
  that 's besides the point, 
  patriotism is just what nationalists call nationalism, 
  too many people i think, 
  the shitty fruit is imported, 
  it has to be a mistake lol, 
  obvs eu-membership is the only thing pvv is about, 
  about bloody time, 
  eu was a mistake, 
  glad that 's gone, 
  greece, 
  nice going , obviously i can not be angry about legitimate issues, 
  poppycock the eu might bring people together , but that 's only to make it easier to stomp on them, 
  neither is english a particularly common language in europe, 
  you do n't know what i think when i hear `` asia '' but what 's disgusting about the europe/eu thing is that it 's used as propaganda, 
  it 's very unfair to demand that i have to make proper arguements after being namecalled, 
   yet you support the division of the union that prevented us from going to war , that has brought stability to post dictatorships , and that has even instituted the highest standards to date . 
  it 's done none of those things, 
  `` why do you care '' explaination `` caring is for losers '', 
  neoliberalism must be stopped everywhere, 
  because i care about humans ? 
  what a boring view you 're presenting, 
  nothing, 
  fucking * merkel * `` leader of the free world ? 
  sod off, 
  misleading ? 
  also , saying `` europe '' instead of eu is fucking disgusting y' all who do that should be ashamed, 
  eu is a dystopian future, 
  both norway and sweden are bigger than germany ( finland is slightly smaller ), 
  is there a version you can zoom in more ? 
  there are hardly any systems that are n't rigged against smaller parties though in netherland it is n't as bad as elswhere , i believe, 
  hopefully, 
  why trust anything eu says, 
  it 'd be a really poor country, 
  well i mean that 's good , but i would n't be too optimistic about this, 
  more than 40 cities are dumb :(, 
  still domestic if it 's the same country, 
  well those people are wrong  :[, 
  why quotation marks around domestic ? 
  quality content, 
   i said nothing about compatibility between either groups . 
  you do by virtue of bringing it up as a counterarguement to what i 'm saying, 
  that might be it green area seems to contigeous for that for me , but that could be my fault or a necessity by the drawing, 
  not all people cluster together , and there are people unlike you why do people assume people living across the country and living concentrated in cities are incompatible ? 
  i knew that, 
   i 'm pretty sure there are more empty areas in your country than in mine if this map is true , i 'm fairly sure you 're wrong  and i do n't get what 's the problem , it 's a good think to have some places where the nature is untouched . 
  it 's unbelievable is the problem, 
  31,7 % is way much, 
   in norway you just melt the snow for water . 
  this is just not true, 
  only a tiny fraction of france 's population would need to be scattered enough to ensure the majority of the land area was in the vicinity of at least one of them, 
  forest protection is one thing it just does n't make sense for people not to live all the places also , people live in agricultural areas, 
  people live all over norway, 
  people can live basically everywhere , and they seem to me to do so this is just far too much uninhabited land, 
  i prefer this rendition : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ic-3mmekym, 
  i honestly have a hard time believing this, 
  this is from a swedish broadcast, 
  this is trash, 
  you do n't think they might just be communists, 
  in norwegian , we say `` a thousand thanks '' ( `` tusen takk '' ) more often than not, 
  i find your perception of the world pretty weird, 
  there is much that i want that i do n't believe will come to be , dissolving the eu is really the only thing that seems plausible but what more is there to say ? 
  life goes on, 
  building high is also wasted space, 
  what do you mean after, 
  ans i do n't see how you disagree, 
  they blot out less sky, 
  are people expected to give a thourough explanation of all their thoughts at all times ? 
  not to mention i 've seen loads of other comments here that do n't provide any value for discussion ( like calling people retarded ) . 
  i sat my expectations very low and expected to be ignored , but apparantly that was asking too much, 
  short answer : it 's neoliberal now do you want to defend using the word retarded ? 
  retarded ? 
  come on , you 're surely smarter than this, 
  i do n't have an overview of them, 
  fewer , shorter buildings, 
  it 's even more modernitst hellscape now ... 
  you make me sad, 
  best one, 
  the people of a country should have the power to decide who gets in and who does n't . 
  this is n't meant to be ethnocentric , immigrants already here are also the people of the country , and should partake in these decisions .
