  i do n't have a clear plan of how that should work though . 
  anyway , it 's not really about immigration . 
  it 's about neoliberalism and the right taking more control , and that they have to be stopped . 
  eu is a right-wing project designed to alianete the masses and enrich the few at the cost of the many . 
  i dislike that in the british referendum , another faction of the right seemed to take lead on the side to leave , but here we are . 
  eu needs to be dissolved, 
  looked better before imo, 
  ironically enough, 
  i know sieben means 7 , it 's just that there are actually 9, 
  is this one of those 9 siebenb\u00fcrgen ? 
  never heard of that guy, 
  in that case they have to put up percentage signs, 
  so poland 's gdp quadrupled in those 10 years or am i reading this wrong ? 
  no , what you need to do is dissolve the eu, 
  god , the propaganda against the child protection service actually is that wide spread ? 
  the most srs politician ever fucking christ, 
  who the fuck is she to critisise people for lacking negotiation experience ? 
  you folks are harsh with downvotes, 
  the discrepancy has only gotten larger since, 
  no , that includes the russian provinces kola and karelia, 
  til you do n't read uploader 's comments, 
  norway 's [ 19 counties ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/counties_of_norway ) are divided into over [ 400 municipalities ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_municipalities_of_norway ) , the largest well over half a millionpeople , the smallest roughly 200 people, 
  yea sorry , i was kinda rushing the post, 
  also it is n't scandinavia , sorry i 'll ask if a mod can fix it, 
  the purpose of posting this is to counter the previous map of norway which indicated much more even population distribution, 
  see for example county 6 : almost all of the population there is centered in a few cities at that little `` hook '' by the shore . 
  the vast inland areas that make up the vast majority of that county is very sparcly populated edit : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5k64ef/scandinavia_population_density/?st=ix3ynp27&amp;sh=3b22904e, 
  not that different in norway, 
  same in norway, 
  norway is probably worse, 
  snoreway is n't covered evenly at all, 
  there are , but only according to switzerland iirc, 
  low = / = flat, 
  this is true, 
  and therefore pretty correct, 
  lot 's of stuff ethnic tensions corruption, 
  is n't gdp both production , transaction and consumption, 
  seems like it 's too late to stop global warming from destroying the world, 
  macron was never shining he was always and continues to be horrendous, 
  i 've only really heard the southernmost part of that being called a biblebelt, 
  yea but it 's two dudes , and in these times it was n't uncommon for brothers to try and kill eachother, 
  these are super-ugly, 
  choice between cholera or cancer , basically, 
  tax haven, 
  awful, 
  that 's the east ocean lol, 
  people still have n't figured out he 's terrible ? 
  * east sea coast, 
  should also be noted that not only is n't the state or government socialist , but neither are the people this is bad ofc , but it 's the truth, 
  you did  3 days of christmas, 
  i mean the road itself looks kinda funky , but it ruins the nature scenery and nature overall , for that matter, 
  nye is n't a holiday , and neither 3rd christmas day or christmas eve are holidays, 
  i mean it would 've looked better without the road, 
  map says `` excluding holidays falling on a sunday every year , e.g. 
  easter sunday '' that and first pentecost day is therefore excluded from the map, 
  yes , but two of those are always on sundays, 
   europeans : once explorers , always explorers time to genocide some natives in space, 
  seems about right lol, 
  well see , there is no more reason to have a collective name for sweden , norway and denmark than for germany , poland and czechia i am not asking for `` arbitrary specificity '' , i 'm asking for common sense, 
   the recent years yes . 
  but that doesnt make give them any '' rights '' . 
  yes it does  a countries name is a tm . 
  a regional name is not . 
  neither is trade marked  why do u use that silly k ? 
  its makedonija and makedonksi is their language ... 
  i 'm not makedonian  because i am saying things that go against to what u say i guess . 
  well if accept that u know too little , perhaps you shouldnt make silly statements like '' their right '' to do so . 
  if u are interested search for the issue . 
  if u are not , just put a label before you say your opinion : i am ignorant but hey ... these principles about rights are based on things like morals and cultural norms , not history, 
  you have no basis to say that, 
  it 's both, 
  imagine if there was a thing that only happened in berlin saying `` only in berlin '' is fine saying `` only in germany '' , also is pretty fine but saying `` only in germany , poland and czechia '' , you see how this one is just stupid ? 
   actually , the byzantine era the area of fyrom was not called macedonia well the republic did n't exist then . 
  also i knew that sometime during the byzantine era they like changed which part was called makedonia , that 's why i wrote '' ( almost ) ''  and how come they have a right at this name and greece doesnt ? 
  greece does to . 
  they exercise this right by naming one of their northern regions makedonia  besides that , if u came to me and told me i am not greek i would laugh . 
  i dont have to prove anything about it . 
  i am sure makedonians feel similarly ( also it 'd be cool if you used the flag flair )  finally , the dispute is barely a matter of pure stupid nationalism it seems to me you partake in it  but u aint much enlightened about balkan history of the 19th and 20th century so i dont judge i know some things , but it 's hard to quantify if it 's substantial knowledge or not, 
  it does n't take extensive research to write `` sweden '' instead of `` scandinavia '', 
  on absolutely no basis maybe they do it in germany but not in denmark for example, 
  how would you feel if i said you could n't have your name also the country is in the landscape that has ( almost ) always been called makedonia, 
  it is their right to have that name, 
  why the fuck did you say scandinavia when this is in sweden ? 
  they should n't, 
  too bad most of the world is wrong, 
  of eu and nato on the one hand , and russia on the other , russia is the lesser evil , in my view they have serious grievances for which they get laughed at , and the most powerful military forces the world has ever known has been openly hostile and antagonistic towards them since its conception there are many problems in russia , but their grievances and worries are justified , while the west 's antagonisation of them is not, 
  yea , but it just sounded so stupid i did n't make that connection at first, 
  the o-sound in fjot and fjott are completely different , just so you know i do n't want to sound too antagonistic , but like , this guy literally massacred a bunch of kids . 
  he 's not silly , he 's a monster, 
   fjotolf hansen sounds like the norwegian version of `` billy-bob smith '' this is so stupidly out of left field, 
  is the pronounciation like `` wodsh '' , or am i completely off track ? 
  knut hamsun 's stuff too bad he became a nazi apologist, 
  it 's like all open towards the road ? 
  feels kinda odd what if it rains ? 
  crimea, 
  that 's not how it works, 
  it 's not a `` new name '', 
  poland is the canada of europe neither can ever shut up about how great they are, 
  it was actually smaller, 
  it 's wrong,
