your opinion is trash . 
  eu is a tool of neoliberalism, 
  russia should 've tried harder, 
  dissolve it, 
  this was already posted lol, 
   obviously directly conquering and ruling the over other nations . 
  i disagree , because the other way creates useful idiots like you, 
  no , cinespection got it right, 
  we should nationalise statoil already, 
  that 's some cancer , hiv and common cold shit, 
  romania 's is the best one, 
  most of the others do n't have names at all , but are known by the first line of lyrics, 
  do n't you also say you 're german lol, 
  the last one lol, 
  iirc it used to be called `` song of the army at the rhine '', 
  which the map admits, 
  you read it as `` do everything for norway '' , not `` norway get 's everything '', 
  yes, 
  if i was like that swedish dipshit i 'd just write `` ahaha '' etc. 
  america is not a concious entity . 
  no country is . 
  the leadership of america practises imperialism ( this does not mean colonisation and conquest ) . 
  they have like coerced the leaderships of europe to be their lapdogs to some extent ( though they also get part of the spoils ) . 
  this is the foundation of nato , which then exploits other countries , like in africa and south america . 
  russia has acted similarily , but is clearly the lesser evil, 
  you are blind, 
  you 're one of the most boring people i 've ever encountered, 
  whatever , small man, 
  you live a boring life, 
  not russian as much as communist, 
  imperialism takes many forms, 
  you are blind, 
  how insightful, 
  i see american imperialism all around me, 
  better than the unchecked american aggression, 
  the allience is a force of evil, 
  oh my god fuck trams, 
  i want to become hetman when i grow up, 
  68 years too many, 
  an awful idea, 
  did n't even include moskva, 
   or is humanity as a whole still working on making a profit off of destroying the fragile world we live in ? 
  the powerful are , and coercing the rest to follow, 
  seems redundant, 
  there 's no e in danmark, 
  was n't this already posted ? 
  the eu is the worst thing that could 've happened, 
  `` my narrative '' is basically that you are the enemy at least you 're honest about it, 
  sod off neoliberal apologist, 
  yea , basically, 
  solberg is the representation of everything wrong with this country, 
  this sub is full of eu-shills, 
  fuck no, 
  sod off, 
  eu is not fucking necessary for a country to exist knock this crap off, 
  flair change ? 
  is this an english or a scandinavian ( proper ) mile ? 
  i did n't say it was bad , bruv, 
  it seems to me he always looks like that, 
  i 've heard that most greeks call the country `` skopje '', 
  racist, 
  daily fail do n't ever pay attention to this `` newspaper '', 
  so what did they put in it to make it non-flammable ? 
  there 's a bunch of other countries outside eu on that map, 
  there 's nothing ( at least not enough ) the scandinavian countries have in common that other countries do n't have regarding law that `` scandinavian law '' is a thing, 
  `` scandinavian law '' ? 
  this map is bullshit and meaningless, 
  he did n't and this is n't the whole of germany as europe, 
   if europe ca n't unify and coordinate making a plane , there 's no way they can have a successfully integrated european army right ? 
  good, 
  fancy website thanks for the link , lol, 
  no , he wanted a self-sufficient germany germany as a master of trade is the exact opposite of his ambition, 
  i dunno what iceland 's buying from us, 
  he actually would n't, 
  same i wonder how this is if something goes from country a to country b , then country b maybe tinkers a bit with it , and send it to country c. like , does that count as country c importing from country b , and not a ? 
  daily fail, 
  why even have schengen, 
  his videos are way too simplifying to have this make any difference, 
  they really should, 
  italy is n't the roman empire, 
   but i was under the impression that it was a latin language what the fuck does that have to do with anything, 
  augustus is n't as nice a fellow as kleistnes , but still, 
  i feel similar about the situation i 'm describing and the image above it 's an attempt to explain by comparison, 
  how would you feel if someone put an american flag on a statue of kleistnes ? 
  i 'm not, 
  that 's pretty distasteful, 
  i hope not, 
  albania is a model country, 
  was n't chopin polish ? 
  or half-polish or something, 
   there 's another metric called inequality-adjusted hdi still # 1, 
  that 's not the point , owen, 
  it 's not bait , but it is low-level , yea, 
  fuck this guy . 
  the eu is god-fucking-awful, 
  blue ? 
  australia rekt, 
  we 're # 1, 
  no , they are, 
  that 's because when people call `` the entire flower '' a flower , they are using the word flower incorrectly,
