  another set of `` cousins '' even tried to claim their supposed share of the family land that was sold off over 100 years ago . 
  people speaking on issue 's they do n't understand as if they were experts on the subject . 
  people generally acting miserable . 
  i do n't think they should do it to be honest , the idea of the e.u. 
  is putting old conflicts behind us and working together . 
  how would people feel if there were wwii themed coins ? 
  a lot of americans that connect themselves to a european ethnicity will take advantage of it , in my opinion . 
  we get a lot of irish americans as is , maybe now we 'll get more . 
  mind explaining the second one to me ? 
  in ireland an old saying is `` i 'm on the pigs back '' . 
  for reasons unknown to me this means that i 'm happy or excited . 
  i had a look through my old notes this morning , ca n't find it sorry . 
  i accept my loss . 
  did an internship in spain last year and met a german au pair . 
  currently in long distance relationship . 
  my spanish is terrible and we were `` dating '' for about two weeks before she 'd attempt to speak english with me sober ( her english is fine , she just never practiced outside of school ) . 
  we would meet in a bar and she 'd just smile and drink until she felt confident enough . 
  it was cute . 
  no , we recognise northern ireland as part of uk officially for the most part , and fighting has stopped . 
  we 're all about not picking sides even though we 're very clearly on one side . 
  yeah well in either scenario it 's unlikely you 'll be around to see it , something about your baseless confidence screams `` first line infantry '' to me . 
  university actually , my lecturer showed us an article , although it was two years ago . 
  if i come across it i 'll share it . 
  thanks for the link . 
  when talking about international politics it 's implicit that you 're referring to the governments , not the people . 
  could you source this for me ? 
  i read differently some time ago and would like to correct myself if i am mistaken . 
  if russia joined nato would n't that make nato pretty much non functional ? 
  not entirely , i mean france and britain are pretty strong . 
  europe is somewhat of a sleeping giant . 
  we 'd get hit by a first attack pretty hard , but i feel crisis would serve to unify europe , and the combined industrial capacity and manpower of europe in a state of war would probably make us top dog . 
  america 's military is huge because it 's more or less constantly been at war . 
  when europeans stopped fighting other europeans , military spending got cut . 
  they would get diplomatically slaughtered yeah , but we 'd get literally slaughtered . 
  they 'd reconquer us in a matter of hours if they had a mind to . 
  when they first needed a bailout they were asked what they needed . 
  they lied . 
  when this proved to be insufficient we asked them what they needed . 
  they lied . 
  people were aware that maybe not everything was above board , but they managed to hide the scale of how fucked they are pretty effectively . 
  but budget deficits have to be cut , that is an absolute fact . 
  you ca n't just pump money you do n't have into the economy hoping eventually the growth will out outstrip the deficit . 
  yeah but we would n't be too happy about being in an alliance with an aggressor . 
  one of the original reasons for opting out of nato is that we considered the north ( northern ireland ) occupied territory and would n't enter an alliance with an occupier . 
  try and convince some african warlord that ireland is ripe for the picking . 
  in ireland we have this groundless but deep seeded belief of neutrality . 
  the only way people would agree to this is if ireland was directly threatened by someone we ca n't stand up to ( anyone , we barely have any armed forces ), 
  whilst i do n't have any strong opinions on the greek people ( not sure if i 've ever met a greek in my life ) i do feel they need to accept realities and their government needs to get it 's shit together . 
  as it stands they 're pretty deep in the hole with friends , if they keep up what they 're doing lately they 'll be even deeper in the hole with no friends . 
  i feel for them , no one likes austerity measures , but money wo n't just fall out of the sky to make everything okay . 
  yeah but ireland is faring much better under austerity ( as unpopular as it is ) because we have less corruption and pay our taxes . 
  ( for the most part ), 
  i would argue cork , it 's like limerick but bigger , so harder to get outside of it 's boundaries . 
  why are we the best ? 
  why do they think we are the best ? 
  well if they scrap the project altogether then we go down in history as the all time champions !, 
  in ireland it 's definitely travelers . 
  they 're like our own flavour of gypsie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wl6adrzs3fs, 
  my attitude toward polish immigrants is the same as it 's always been , come and live here by all means . 
  arabs are n't really a problem in ireland yet , despite our high gdp and overly generous welfare payments we benefit immensely by being on the periphery and next to the u.k. . 
  i imagine a lot of arab immigrants are n't aware that ireland is n't part of the u.k. , god knows i 've met enough english people that are n't . 
  they 're worried about immigration to poland ? 
  going buy this chart literally no one wants to live there . 
  i imagine polish people make up a large amount of those in ireland . 
  it 's funny , when my friends and i went up north last how we knew we were over the border is the road quality increased dramatically . 
  i invite you to drive on any irish road that is n't directly connecting one city to another . 
  oh christ it 's already so expensive to live here . 
  do n't tell them , they 'll ruin cheap weekends in germany . 
  ... that 's beautiful, 
  apparently because latin was the language of the learned so intellectuals added words to make english more intelligent . 
  yeah really i 'm also from limerick , i went to munich and the restaurant prices that were supposed to be so expensive were comparable . 
  the cost of living in ireland is very high . 
  you can find irish whiskey and butter in germany for cheaper than it 's sold in ireland . 
  a lot of castletroy was built in the boom for students . 
  as i 'm sure you 're aware the houses in some places , briair field and elm park jump to mind are pretty shoddy and cold . 
  they were built cheap therefore they are cheap , and even then they 're not cheap . 
  just affordable . 
  i know that spain is relatively cheap , but how do you survive on that ? 
  everything is expensive really . 
  food , drink , rent and utilities . 
  whenever i 'm visited by a continental friend they 're always so surprised by how fast they spend their money . 
  the cost of living in limerick , a ( relatively ) poor city with high unemployment is comparable ( or only a little cheaper ) than munich , a very rich and expensive city . 
  i think that 's different though , you had a common language and had always been together in some way or form since the holy roman empire . 
  i do n't think the current regime is going to be very cooperative unfortunately . 
  he thinks the idea of a europe where all the countries are amalgamated into one super state and get behind a common european identity is ridiculous , but he 's from the u.k. where they have that ( to greater and lesser degrees of course ), 
  why no germany ? 
  stronger privacy laws ? 
  they can get away with beating you viciously . 
  i expect the correct entry for ireland would be dennis o'brien . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denis_o%27brien he 's got politicians in his pocket too . 
  he appointed a former taoiseach ( pm ) to the board of a company recently . 
  solid tax base , good services and lower cost of living . 
  i voted social democrats . 
  we need something new . 
  fine gael will likely return though . 
  eventually anyway , we like to play the long game . 
  i 've heard it tonnes . 
  we call him dobby , after the house elf from harry potter . 
  ah well , i was referring to the natives . 
  so you 've got nothing on me !,
