we say they 'd peel and orange in their pocket . 
  can i ask why ? 
  for some reason the poll wo n't load for me . 
  i 'm 22 . 
  not really . 
  the majority of people seem proud to be irish , although i 'm not sure what there is to be proud of . 
  pride for the sake of pride is just silly . 
  i 'm happy to be from ireland . 
  it 's afforded me a decent chance in life . 
  i do n't know man , we did get our own episode . 
  not very . 
  we did have to take a tour ? 
  you could only buy a ticket for a timed tour . 
  no one was allowed through at their own pace . 
  irish farmers seem to be well prepared , many of them looking forward to the abolition of quotas and upping their production for foreign markets . 
  milk has definitely been dropping in price at least . 
  my knowledge of cap lead me to believe they also guaranteed prices on domestic markets , but admittedly it 's something i 've always avoided in university . 
  if they 're not guaranteeing prices anymore though , wo n't it be harder to compete with foreign produce at home ? 
  driving domestic prices down at least a fraction ? 
  so does this mean that food prices will fall europe wide ? 
  it 's only recently that i noticed irish food is terribly expensive compared to other countries . 
  hmm , my bad . 
  i just searched over rated before posting . 
  for me it was neuschwanstein . 
  from a distance it looks amazing , and the view was great , but it was n't finished and there is n't a lot on the inside . 
  my tour took about 15 minutes and the guide was really strange . 
  linderhoff is another palace nearby that i enjoyed much more . 
  the comparison to a horde of zombies is a bit much no ? 
  ... you liked our weather ? 
  / r/bicycletouring should help, 
  i saw a bunch in nuremberg last week , all dressed up and some were even leading each other around on leashes . 
  no but we like to pretend we 're relevant sometimes so we use a lot of hyperbole . 
  i do , but my girlfriend not so much so i have a feeling i 'll be missing it ) :, 
  does it use the fact that hitler loved it to draw in tourists ? 
  sounds interesting, 
  i have n't spent any more than a weekend in any major city , i seem to have developed a penchant for staying in small towns and cities . 
  i have however visited seville for a day trip on more than one occasion and found that it embodied everything i love about spain . 
  i 'll be in munich this friday , anything you recommend seeing ? 
  i have no idea why but i really want to see copenhagen , i think it 's just the name has always interested me . 
  i agree , not really the appropriate time to be making statements that do n't matter in the grand scheme of things . 
  in spain the area around the bay of cadiz is pretty good . 
  it has a lot of small interconnected cities . 
  you can stay in one of the cheaper towns and then spend your days in the city of cadiz if you like . 
  i lived in el puerto de santa maria for 8 months and i enjoyed it . 
  it 's a pretty cheap area and it 's easy to go to seville or jerez for a day too . 
  that it does n't get nearly enough unfortunately . 
  i imagine it largely depends on meeting different criteria from different sectors . 
  for example poland has a lot of agriculture and probably benefits more from cap . 
  we could n't argue for every country to win . 
  some were fantastic and you could plead their case , but some were beyond redemption . 
  i voted at 2 and the next youngest person after me was my mother . 
  exams finished recently , a lot of young people are still in bed or at work . 
  the polls are open until 10 p.m so hopefully it 'll change . 
  there seems to be a bit of an urban/rural divide . 
  the youth should be able to carry the cities but out in the country it will be touch and go . 
  going to vote soon, 
  i noticed that when i lived in spain actually . 
  i have never met a croatian in ireland . 
  here 's hoping though . 
  irish girls wear way too much make up . 
  might have something to do with irish people being pale . 
  it 's really refreshing being on the continent , the girls look much better . 
  i 'll be bringing a german around ireland for a couple of weeks and then i 'm off to bavaria . 
  i have n't extensively sampled foreign beers by any means , but i really like paulaner . 
  i would n't put too much stock into that to be honest . 
  private schools do n't have higher rates of university admittance because they have a better standard of education , they do because they lack the people who are obligated to go to school until a certain age . 
  if your kid intends to go to university then putting him in a private school wo n't help him really . 
  so in the uk the term ` public school ' refers to fee paying private schools ? 
  why ? 
  public schools are the norm in ireland . 
  i think it should stay that way . 
  public or private they still have to sit the same exams once they finish and private schools do n't really out perform public schools in any meaningful way . 
  to be fair a lot of these infringements are unavoidable short term . 
  for example when a new country joins it can be way behind in some fields , maybe environment legislation or something . 
  all of the other countries would have built their legislation up together and the new country is bound to be infringing things for years until it can catch up in a manner that wo n't cripple itself . 
  this applies to a lot of areas across the board . 
  that being said italy has been here since day one and i was playing clash of clans in my lecture going over this kind of thing so i 'm not sure what it 's excuse is . 
  ah cool . 
  thanks a million , i appreciate it . 
  i do n't suppose someone could provide a quick summary in english please ? 
  i met a german named tobias . 
  manly name for a manly man . 
  ... colon ? 
  depends on where in the country you are . 
  i would pronounce it ni-uvh, 
  i do n't think this is relevant at all . 
  catalonia is n't a country that compromises part of the e.u. . 
  it is a part of spain , for the foreseeable future at least . 
  all of the other languages are the official languages of member states , and it makes much more sense for them to be official , as they will be used in an official capacity to do e.u. 
  business . 
  it 's really crazy that russia lost almost three times my countries population in just a couple of years . 
  we have proportional representation . 
  i feel it works well . 
  if i were you i 'd check out / r/travel . 
  there are tonnes of examples of people sharing what they 've done and how much it cost them . 
  you could find some inspiration . 
  in my opinion you need to understand the attitudes between the two when it was first introduced to see how it is now . 
  in europe the welfare state was used to help fight communism and bring up the standard of living for everyone . 
  in america government intervention is seen as being intrinsically tied to communism and this demonised it . 
  so much so that nowadays it is easy for politicians to shoot down socialism without any backlash .
