  in europe it has progressed to the way it is now , strong welfare systems . 
  people have benefited from it and thus support it , embracing it on a national level . 
  in america the threat of communism was so overblown that anything to do with it is still demonized and feared . 
  americans work ethos is also a factor , people do n't like to pay more taxes . 
  ireland is not british ) :, 
  i 'm from limerick and there generally is n't that much to do . 
  this weekend is riverfest though which is pretty cool . 
  there are events in the city centre , a lot of people from britanny come over to set up a market . 
  if you 're here on monday you might catch the tail end of it . 
  other than that we have a big castle and an okay music scene . 
  in ireland you 're best off sticking to the country side though , our cities are n't as grand as other european countries but our landscape makes up for it . 
  cool , it 's less you have a bit of irish blood and more you have a bit of something else then . 
  visit limerick and cork when you were in the region ? 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb and say that you have some sort of irish heritage / u/seamus _ the_mick ever visit ireland ? 
  where in europe do most americans want to go and see ? 
  if at all . 
  not really . 
  they could likely take them to court but all law enforcement etc is done on a state by state basis . 
  europe is a geographic region as is asia . 
  kazakhstan is in asia for the most part . 
  if you 're so multicultural let them join the united states . 
  went through post history . . you 're the account owners little brother are n't you ? 
  you 're either a troll or borderline retarded ... 
  possibly both . 
  kazakhstan is n't in europe . 
  america is probably a better tourist destination though . 
  english and some basic spanish . 
  i do n't remember much irish from school . 
  since living abroad i can safely say that languages just are n't taught properly in irish schools . 
  in french class in school all we did was memorize vocabulary . 
  never really went into grammar and never got a chance to practice . 
  the only people in my whole school competent in other languages were people from other countries or had one foreign parent . 
  the idea that we speak english and do n't need to learn another language is remarkably widespread . 
  i would like to learn another language after university , or maybe devote some of my time this summer to it . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vejenyq9284 convincing counter argument , 
  he seemed awfully indignant at times . 
  i do n't think he understands the disadvantages of being an illegal migrant . 
  why is the map on its side ? 
  the working class is n't seeing much benefit yet though , and many are caught in their own little world were they self perpetuate baseless economic and political opinions between each other ( not hating on working class in particular , i come from a long line of poor people ) so you would probably see a lot of opposition to claiming ireland is rich . 
  this is a pretty cool idea . 
  i imagine it would be the first `` european '' city . 
  paying taxes to the e.u. 
  and not to any national government . 
  getting every member state on board however would be damn near impossible . 
  stop which war ? 
  there are loads of wars in africa displacing people all of the time . 
  the only way to legitimately stop all of these wars in the short term would be if the e.u. 
  collectively invading and conquered every conflict zone . 
  but that just creates another problem . 
  yeah but there are also a lot more people . 
  the percentage of slaves now is easily much lower than it has been at any point in the last two thousand years . 
  and a big rock . 
  i was never aware that there was much of a gibraltarian identity , i assumed people either identified as british or spanish . 
  i imagine many people may make this assumption , and you ca n't really blame him for pointing out the obvious choice . 
  i once heard someone trying to blame the entirety of ireland 's economic crisis on the polish . 
  i 'll split my potatoes with you ... 50/50, 
  we used to call the latvian kid in school russian if that counts . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was mixed descent though , so he took it well . 
  about 5 years ago i was in a terrible car park with my uncle , he decided to blame it 's poor design on some black woman . 
  i enjoyed taking that argument apart . 
  ah yes , the far eastern block of western europe . 
  since when is israel in europe ? 
  in spain with beer and chorizo . 
  and they 're complying ? 
  fuck that . 
  i imagine the non political nature of the eurovision is so countries that fought historically do n't go tit for tat and piss each other off . 
  israel is not in europe , and it 's a commentary of war . 
  this is just an example of it . 
  it 'd be very easy to not comply . 
  you can fly from the u.k to ireland for next to nothing if you want to get a weekend in dublin . 
  beyond that inter railing is a good idea . 
  10k is more than enough to see europe on . 
  i was in andalusia as a lot of the parties were just starting their campaigning . 
  in the town i was in all it amounted to was a guy shouting out a car window with a megaphone though . 
  symbolically i think it 's fantastic . 
  it is not however very clever . 
  when i was living in spain and my social group consisted of spanish , italians , germans , dutch , english and many other nationalities . 
  not only are we getting the north back but we 're taking most of scotland and wales . 
  i am all for this, 
  underwater apparently . 
  what 's with the bad photoshop in the background ? 
  i do n't understand why you ca n't buy furniture here , the same with clothing . 
  american candy ? 
  the american at the company i used to work for kept having his parents send him peanut butter because according to him no matter where he 's been in europe the peanut butter is terrible . 
  my view of expat was someonefrom a rich country moving to work , not out of necessity but as a lifestyle change . 
  i do n't think anyone will be outright unfriendly . 
  as far as moving goes it depends on how badly you want to . 
  i doubt the lifestyle will be as full of time off as you think though . 
  i wonder how long it will be before the koreans forget they 're at war with one another . 
  am i missing something ? 
  it 's very uncommon here , i do it though . 
  it 's different with other europeans , as there are n't as many . 
  i think chinky is a racist term yeah . 
  legalised on a legal loophole , when a bill got thrown out for being unconstitutional . 
  they 're now illegal again . 
  to be fair it 's written rather strangely . 
  i disagree . 
  i have encountered this many times . 
  i even have some vaguely related `` cousins '' who came to ireland because of their blood , literally the only reason . 
  they tracked us down .
