  i love how you did n't even try and contest the women :d, 
  rekt, 
  scotland is the closest culturally , ethnically and linguistically . 
  and granting the english ireland as `` papal possession '' . 
  yeah a lot of money was spent on infrastructure . 
  can you eat a canal ? . 
  one crop failed . 
  one . 
  more people left in the aftermath . 
  do you defend british imperialism so valiantly when it comes to india , africa or the america 's too ? . 
  massive amounts of people had to go to workhouses . 
  potatoes failed . 
  mass land evictions ensued , clearly you 're blind to the scale of it . 
  even soup kitchens were designed to discriminate against catholic irish . 
  soup kitchens ? 
  oh you mean the work houses ? 
  where families were separated and people were sent to what basically amounted to indentured labour building roads to nowhere , as they english thought it would build character . 
  half the population left for the craic then is it ? 
  yeah , derived from hurling . 
  the early e.u. 
  from a political perspective was considered a french-german project . 
  even though italy has as much representation they 're still seen as sort of de-facto heads . 
  countries want to side with and seek political alliances with them , so what they say is given more weight . 
  nah , the mainstream media would never put muslims in europe in such a negative light if they did n't have to . 
  i know kerry gold has a considerable share of the butter market . 
  it was in every supermarket i went to while i was there and in several households too . 
  irish cheese ? 
  we do n't really have a culture of cheese such as the other countries . 
  it seems that way because it 's a super narrow margin . 
  scotland is very pro-europe and the snp espouses the idea of `` independence in europe '' . 
  the brexit could very well be a tipping point . 
  hurling and gaelic football . 
  i would , reparations and such making economy shit and germans super fucking salty provides the perfect environment for charismatic psychopaths to assume power . 
  that 's how we learn it in school anyway . 
  second this . 
  ww2 was largely caused by france being punitive dicks after ww1 . 
  the problem with politicians is that they want to remain politicians . 
  so much more would be done , things would be much better if they did n't care about their careers . 
  so you treat islam more or less like ireland treats catholicism ? 
  it 's the religion , but no one really cares about it anymore ? . 
  make sure to bring this up when the next independence referendum is underway . 
  oh god the heat . 
  i do n't understand how seville is inhabited in the summer . 
  ah that 's great , i wish i had went there . 
  i never went too far inland . 
  i was in andalucia so i went to sevilla , rhonda and such places . 
  still though , it was great to get away from the coast . 
  this is true . 
  whenever i went away from the coast literally every other foreigner was asian . 
  christmas is number one by far . 
  st. patricks day is huge too , but it does n't see the two months of build up christmas does . 
  we also have a bon fire night for different reasons . 
  which one ? 
  i really want to know what doing the spaniard entails . 
  who is that ? 
  i 'm not really in the know as to the goings on in kerry . 
  facist county councillors ? 
  the luminous shirts ? 
  ulster on its own would likely die . 
  derry and other irish majority areas would have grounds to join the republic . 
  we could russia them . 
  the republic of ireland is probably the only country to actually get bigger . 
  edit : well i 'm wrong , but you ca n't really blame me for not noticing minor growth in other areas . 
  the fact that ireland is so high up on this list is kind of disheartening . 
  are other countries in the stone age ? 
  i do n't think ireland has any unsung heroes . 
  we have songs about literally everyone . 
  here 's one about our former defence minister https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ay4ure_gshw, 
  i think the e.u. 
  should stop trying to be so politically correct and focus on getting things done . 
  was n't australia 's participation this year supposed to be a once off ? 
  you know i never really appreciated the advantages of being an island on the edge of europe until now . 
  the only vegetarians i know are german . 
  i live in ireland 's third largest city ( a small city for anywhere else ) and i 've never met an irish vegetarian . 
  it 's a toss up between hurling and gaelic football . 
  regular football and rugby are immensely popular as well . 
  it took us long enough to get out , so i doubt you 'd find many royalists regardless of the situation . 
  it 's just a team name, 
  it 's the same with the skellig islands off ireland . 
  12.5 % officially , but big companies get tax breaks as incentives to set up here too . 
  it 's an interesting idea but why would it ever happen ? 
  we have our own separate senses of identity . 
  even if people thought it was a cool idea i do n't ever see a mobilization of the political will to seriously put it on the table . 
  he was obviously joking . 
  if americans and russians can post here you surely can . 
  poor stereotype , as it stands limericks crime rate is much lower than dublin . 
  mic-con-a-hey would be my rendition . 
  americans and british would likely pronounce it fairly differently , but given that the mc denotes it being a gaelic name , my version is likely the most authentic . 
  i would pronounce it ma-caw-lee . 
  no , because everything was dirt cheap , especially food and alcohol . 
  i was in poland in january and i felt like richie rich . 
  well it 's a pretty old video . 
  the stereotype does n't really persist so enjoy it for what it was . 
  ah now we had some decent weather this week . 
  how any countries have you been to and how many words of their respective languages can you speak ? 
  i 'm going to make it my goal to understand this by december . 
  i imagine moving to spain in september will help :d, 
  awh i did n't come up with it ? 
  i was so proud of myself, 
  apparently not a lot of people had heard the phrase before this http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4j039y/z/d32kdc0,
