so when the people of my village decide in a referendum they should have an indepent country , the eu should recognize that ? 
  the short answer is no . 
  the long answer is similar to the problem of the sovereign citizen movement in the us . 
  this philosophy states that each citizen is the sovereign entity i.e. 
  their own state . 
  therefore they do n't recognise the state they live in . 
  i ca n't articulate the rules that should constitute an eu state . 
  it would have to pass the smell test . 
  i think catalonia passes this test and your village does n't . 
   but if they say one thing for domestic audiences and for the groups that support them they have to realise that this may well cause a reaction abroad and from those that do n't . . berlusconi called merkel `` an unfuckable lard-arse '' . 
  what was the reaction . 
  was there any effect on germany 's or italy 's gdp ? . 
  did life in any way change for the citizens of germany or italy ? . 
  there was plenty of reactions and absolutely no policy changes . 
   i think the eu is currently facing some serious risks if you look at the major divides in this subreddit you will see the national governments responding individually . 
  this is because there is no consensus between eu states . 
  migration is the big question facing the eu at the moment . 
  the uk will not tolerate high levels of mass immigration . 
  germany and others have decided they can . 
  there is no eu wide consensus . 
  therefore eu policy is void and it falls back on national governments . 
  for me this is the system working . 
  countries that are willing to take migrants will take them and countries that are not wo n't . 
  p.s i do n't know who said it but my favourite response to what the eu is is that it 's there to take the blame . 
  i think your placing too much emphasis on what people are saying . 
  when junker or some french minister calls for harmonising tax rates ( they mean increasing corporate tax rates ) they are talking nonsense . 
  ireland would veto any attempt at harmonisation . 
  they can talk about two speed or three speeds what they mean is multilateral treaties between states . 
  any state has the right to sign these treaties . 
  however in the eu each member state has veto power . 
  ** tl ; dr ** they can talk all they want it will come to nothing . 
  i think you ansered your own question . 
  the eu = union the us = federation . 
  the us used to be called these united states not the united states . 
  i think that most eu states are actively resisting closer integration into a federation because of the example of the us . 
  it depends on your point of view . 
  is the power structure eu commission - eu nation state - eu citizen or is it eu citizen - eu nation state - eu commission i think the citizen is the primary element of this power structure . 
  in practical terms this means that the commission derives it 's power from the nation state which derives it 's power from the citizen . 
  if eu citizens decide to create a nation state then that nation state has the right to treated as an equal before the commission . 
  as an irish man i hope for the eventual unity between the republic of ireland and northern ireland ( the united federation of ireland or ufi ^ ^ tm ) . 
  there is a complex legal framework set out in treaties between ireland , northern ireland and the uk that could allow this . 
  the eu commission opinion or policy is viewed as irrelevant . 
  if the uk and ireland meet their treaty obligations then the power of both governments could easily override the commission through the council of ministers . 
  that 's beautifully haunting . 
   deep cooperation between willing member states for the uk this is the important part . 
  does anyone know if there is a law or legal principal that disqualifies a nation state from ruling its territory . 
  if you commit crimes against humanity can a nation lose its territorial rights . 
  typical eurosceptic bullshit . 
  the uk abandons an afghan translator . 
  he eventually makes it to the uk . 
  then the uk government threatens to deport him to italy ( his point point of entry ) . 
  the british government messed . 
  why is this journalist complaining about the eu immigration policies when they do n't effect the uk . 
  if he 'd any intelligence he 'd argue about the waste of eu funds but what else would you expect from someone who supports brexit . 
  you were named after / pol / ? 
  it 's because you loved us a little too much . 
  i think the germans are confusing the eu and the euro . 
  i think it 's more important that it comes from a fellow muslim . 
  i do n't know if it would be helpful to have the pc western media wagging their finger at them . 
  it 's the attitude that sickens me . 
  he sat down and thought he was this brave warrior of the faith by stabbing a shopkeeper . 
  i love how billy connolly described glasgows attitude to [ terrorism ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gmjbqohj4e ) . 
  i hope my city would have the same reaction . 
  i try to put it in a context i understand . 
  i was raised catholic . 
  the difference between french and irish catholicism is fairly radical . 
  the devotion the irish government showed to the church and the vatican was not shown by the french government . 
  i think the difference between malaysian islam and saudi islam is just as radical . 
  i do n't think the problem is with their faith . 
  my brothers has done temporary work in many countries for a multinational company . 
  saudi arabia had one of the highest country bonuses . 
  he told me the atmosphere made his experience unbearable . 
  i said it must be hard to live under a repressive regime like that and his words were `` they repress themselves '' . 
  i agree with you that attempting or encouraging regime change is not advisable . 
  it still grates at my soul the state saudi arabia is in . 
  never in the history of the world has a country been gifted so much wealth . 
  if they had a functioning government and an efficient economy they would be a world leading nation . 
  what they made from their lucky chance is pittance to what their potential is/was . 
  the saudis you 've met were the elite . 
  however the vast majority of people in saudi arabia willingly wear the veil and do n't drink and do n't party . 
  i do n't think it 's a charade . 
  as my brother said they repress themselves . 
  [ here 's an example of an irish man who converted in a saudi jail ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlf76rbfooe ), 
  i know it 's complicated but i ca n't help thinking of that shopkeeper in glasgow who was stabbed . 
  the smugness of the attacker admitting it was for the religious reasons worries me the more than a random murder . 
  i could imagine some tool thinking of himself as some brave defender of the faith murdering her . 
  for propaganda purposes they 'd probably send a women to do it . 
  i hope she has a team of bodyguards . 
  i 'm worried you 'll mess up the eu for the rest of us because your acting like a toddler throwing toys from a buggy . 
  there there to say we will protect finnish air space and finland . 
  its supposed to be provocative and get a response from the russian government . 
  if they take your veiw the jets are pointless . 
  however the point is to get a response . 
  if they get a response then the jets have helped keep pressure on russia . 
  i ca n't wait to see what the ecbs response will be . 
  something tells me they 'll be more energetic in supporting deutsche bank than they were supporting greek or italian banks . 
  i have a feeling they wo n't be dictating policy to the german chancellor like they dictated to the irish taoiseach . 
  the jets are there to force russia to station their jets as a counter measure . 
  the us can easily afford to pay for exercises like this one russia has a harder time . 
  the economic sanctions are where the real pressure comes from .
