  the money in your pocket and all your assets valued in sterling lost 8 % of their purchasing power against the dollar . 
  take out ten pounds it now buys # 9.20 worth of goods because you `` won '' . 
  i have to bitch on reddit because i `` lost '' . 
  i had # 20 to # 30 of sterling coins in a jar . 
  yesterday it was worth 26 to 39 euros . 
  now i can only have 24.17 to 36.26 euros . 
  i lost 7 % of my sterling investments . 
  as a winner could you calculate what purchasing power your sterling salary and assets lost . 
  after jo cox i do n't think we should be looking at putting a pullet in anyone . 
  let him go the way of nick griffin . 
  it i 'd be horrifyingly ironic if they had to call on the ecb for assistance . 
  neville chamberlain was the prime minister that tried to appease hitler . 
  it can be argued that this encouraged the nazis and led to ww2 . 
  it was a disastrous mistake of such epic proportions that overshadowed the man completely . 
  woop dee doo to them . 
  they 'd be more successful if they had free access to the common market . 
  what were witnessing is the financial markets calculating the value of the common market to the uk . 
  these record breaking negative adjustments are a proxy to the value of the eu to the uk . 
  they will be measured in trillions . 
  that was the value of the eu to the uk . 
  ( and they chose to destroy it ), 
  peel those thousands of reasons away and the argument boils down to is it worth the cost of eu membership for access to the single market . 
  27 other members say yes . 
  the uk said no . 
  i 'd love to hear your reasons for why the uk is unique among the 28 . 
  it is condescending to generalise a nation of millions into one opinion . 
  that does n't make me wrong . 
  at a societal level britain has a delusional sense of superiority . 
  like all fantasies it must come to an end . 
  that 's why last time i checked sterling had lost 8 % of its value . 
  i hope history gives them the neville chamberlain treatment . 
  your attitude is a reflection of the leave campaigns . 
  you think britains special . 
  that it 's great . 
  you want access to the single market without the safeguards provided by the eu . 
  it does n't matter that the other 27 countries can agree . 
  all of them must stop and listen to what great britain decides unilaterally . 
  the only silver lining out of this catastrophe is that you and your friends are about to be educated . 
  you are not special . 
  britain is not great . 
  you piss and shit like the rest of us . 
  the cost of that education is the realisation that the sterling in your pocket just lost 8 % of it 's value . 
  everything measured in sterling you own and your family owns and every holder of sterling owns is now worth less . 
  you should take a five , ten and twenty pound note and stare at them . 
  compared to last night there purchasing power is now # 4.60 , # 9.20 and # 18.40 . 
  i hope that loss was worth it . 
  at least everyone knows what lying sacks of shit they were and are . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  shits really going to hit the fan if the bank of england ca n't stabilize the markets . 
  either way the leave campaign has just inflicted severe economic damage through their lies . 
  i would be terrified if i was in their shoes . 
  it 's because they think they are special little flowers inherently superior to the rest of europe . 
  this is why they have been demanding special treatment from the eu for decades . 
  there maybe one silver lining to come out of this catastrophe . 
  the eu will now have to school them on britains place in the world . 
  single market vs single market, 
  the futures market 's are saying the same thing . 
  the markets are moving because few people thought there were so many fuckwits in britain . 
  cheers, 
  i wonder what people will do when they see their retirement accounts . 
  i think farrage may go down as one of the biggest scumbags in uk history . 
  do you know what that is in sterling . 
  cameron just said the bank of england will make a statement later . 
  i expect they 'll intervene . 
  i hope spain does n't get grabby . 
  you can have the banks . 
  we 'll take the rest . 
  * with allies . 
  connor mc gregor, 
  all trading is reactionary . 
  they are reacting to a catastrophe . 
  it sort of puts blair into perspective . 
  just like trump puts bush into a new light . 
  who knew there were bigger cunts . 
  you should never go full retard . 
  so say we all . 
  maybe the eu will begin targeting certain us states . 
  if your a resident of florida or any swing state then you 'll need a visa . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i thought i was being original . 
  i always prefer a countries first same sex divorce to the first same sex marriage . 
  from other threads the main concerns i 've heard are : 1 . 
  the introduction of protectionism 2 . 
  increased spending overall with a decrease in taxes . 
  increased military spending higher than what the pentagon asked for . 
  the voice policy . 
  a policy of the department of justice listing crimes committed by illegals because the media is not reporting them . 
  if dublin has net immigration of 100,000 a year and maintains it 's natural growth rate of 8.1 per thousand by my calculations dublin should reach londons current size of 14 million in 2092 . 
  all we need to do is discover unobtanium in the wicklow mountains then we wo n't need an empire . 
  coming from a country stuck between brexit and trump i can honestly say goodwill towards germany and the eu is very high . 
  well i did n't see brexit coming or the trump presidency . 
  hopefully your right because if there is a hard brexit after the uk the next most screwed country is ireland . 
  i 'm not trying to dismiss your legitimate criticism but were still the second richest country in the eu . 
  we did n't go the way of greece and we seem to be avoiding the brexit / trump madness . 
  i 'd give him a low c or a high d at least and a b + for ireland overall . 
  i know germans have a phobia of inflation but if it is kept at a modest rate then that will relieve some pressure on the other members of the euro . 
  ~ ~ imagine a london sized dublin . ~ ~ or a dublin sized london, 
   you 're blaming the british empire for the population of the ireland today , despite that being nearly 100 years ago ? 
  that 's exactly what i 'm doing . 
  the cromwellian conquest of ireland in 1600s probably had a more profound effect but the evidence is not as clear as the irish famine .
