  if russia continues its expansionism then the sanctions will get more severe . 
  no modern economy can function without trade . 
  the pressure is being applied slowly so the russian people can experience the cost of their policies . 
  the idea is to do it slowly . 
  that way the political disruption should n't be totaly catastrophic . 
  i think the idea is to bankrupt the time russian economy . 
  it is hoped that this weekend will force them to change their expansionist policies . 
  why not let germany refloat the mark . 
  something tells me they would n't be running a trade surplus . 
  this articles theory that this is a drug war is false . 
  the monk is famous for having nothing to do with drugs . 
  the tabloids in ireland have been tracking this argument for months . 
  the kinahan gang have been trying to collect a debt that the monks nephew had . 
  the monk refused to pay and did n't even attend his nephews funeral . 
  this attack is the result of the threatening the monk . 
   but that guy is an embarrassment to anything the modern uk represents . 
  as you said it 's not your burden . 
  there 's idiots everywhere . 
  it 's my first time seeing him . 
  thanks for the repost . 
  i love the bitterness in this comment . 
  it must really hurt that the british white man 's burden lie is being destroyed so consistently . 
  i 'd expand point to the eurozone . 
  across the board inflation may cause some over heating in northern economies but at least it would give some competitiveness back to greece . 
   the us is generally-wealthier than the uk , and some job-seekers would probably leave for us centers in the same way that the eu has caused people to leave poorer places in the eu for economic centers in the eu -- that may dramatically-impact the eu . 
  i love reading long comments . 
  that study is pure arse gravy . 
  it uses ppp because the uk has higher taxation rates and ppp distorts the figure . 
  comparing 2012 figures nominal gdp per capita the uk sits at 26 ( $ 41,294 between rhode island and kansas ) . 
  also the uk economy is bigger than any other state economy . 
  the eu gets nasty . 
  people in the uk should talk to the irish or the greeks . 
  when the eu/eurozone countries get a collective notion in their heads you are screwed . 
  look at the anglo irish trade wars too see what happens to a smaller economy when it attacks a larger one . 
  i prefer south parks [ explanation ] ( https://youtu.be/kacwzrwsenc?t=47 ), 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  cheers . 
  sweet jesus . 
  i hope they 're not planning waves of attacks . 
  the eastern irish . 
   he does not hate foreigners . 
  it 's a very tired argument . 
  he fears that sharish law in the birth place of common law . 
  the british supreme court is cited in other juristictions because it 's legal authority is so respected it 's practically precedent . 
  oklahoma banned sharia law . 
  do you think there was a creeping tide of sharia about to usurp the us constitution . 
  as i said it 's a tired argument . 
  there are many reasons there was discrimmination against the irish . 
  i think poverty , lack of education , and bad nutrition allowed the irish to be typecast as a unified race to be discriminated against . 
  however i think the fundemental fear was religious . 
  the [ penal laws ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/penal_laws_%28ireland%29 ) ( wiki ) in ireland demonsrate a deep mistrust of catholics . 
  irish immigration to britain was never restricted . 
  it was the catholicism of the irish that was feared . 
  if you look at irish catholicism it bears a distinctive fundementalist streak . 
  the irish republics constitution declares ireland a catholic state in it 's preamble . 
  ( there is also an article that declares freedom of religion ) the articles of the constitution were ( are ) aligned with catholic teachings . 
  they banned divorce , said a womens place was in the home ... ... 
  compared to laws in the uk at the time these could be described as fundementalist . 
  never forget that a large proprtion of people in th uk have irish ancestory . 
  i do n't know why but there seems to be a collective amnesia in the uk to how the irish were viewed and treated . 
  i think the former leader of the edl tommy robinson is the best example of this . 
  he is the son of two irish immigrants and then led a campaign against muslim immigration . 
  he hates forgieners even though his parents are forgieners . 
  it 's willful ignorance so they can hate . 
  the logic behind it is to prevent clustering of buisness 's . 
  it 's the same reason you 'll only find one of any shop in a mall . 
  it would n't be a good mall if it only had a food court . 
  the same logic applies but in street form with planning permission . 
  it 's very difficult to start a buisness in a forgien market and particularly so in spain . 
  europe or the eu has vastly different regulations in different countries . 
  trying to enter the waste managment buisness in norway is difficult . 
  in italy it might get you killed . 
  i 'm not familiar with the us but i 'm guessing it would be sililar to starting a waste collection buisness in idaho compared to new york . 
  as a forgiener it 's next to impossible to understand the written and unwritten rules . 
  this is why you see clustering of industries in certain regions of the eu . 
  for people in the industry the rules are easy to understand . 
   you have to be wealthy to be able to survive . 
  there have been reports that show class mobility is higher in some eu countries than the us . 
  the reason for this is not well understood . 
  good boys provide sources . 
  here is a report from the uk government [ prison population statistics ] ( http://researchbriefings.files.parliament.uk/documents/sn04334/sn04334.pdf ) at the end of march 2016 there were 9,971 forgien nationals in uk jails . 
  [ p32 ] top 10 foreign nationalities , march 2016 nationality | number | % of all fn -- : | -- : | -- : polish | 965 | 9.7 % irish | 762 | 7.6 % romanian | 702 | 7.0 % jamaican | 532 | 5.3 % albanian | 492 | 4.9 % lithuanian | 452 | 4.5 % pakistani | 424 | 4.3 % somalian | 381 | 3.8 % indian | 373 | 3.7 % nigerian | 368 | 3.7 % i think this more acurately shows that the poles are winning with the irish and romanians battling it out for second place . 
  edit : tables, 
  i thought all modern cities have zoning laws . 
  in ireland restaurants/cafes are restricted from being built in comercial areas to prevent them from crowding out other comercial outlets . 
  maybe it 's different in the states . 
  at 7,000 years ago especially if your european you can almost guarantee that a relative of yours carved that . 
  in the interest of competence and fairness maybe austria , belgium , france , germany , greece , italy , portugal , slovakia , slovenia and spain should go it alone . 
  then in twenty years they can retroactivley get the commission to back pay the taxes cyprus , estonia , finland , ireland , latvia , lithuania , luxembourg , malta , the netherlands did n't illegally collect . 
  i thought it would be spelled like sl\u00e1n leat . 
  you live and learn . 
  how did you get the spelling of slainte right . 
  i ca n't even fada on my phone . 
   ( and taoiseach is n't hard to pronounce for a german at all ) yeah slawnty to you too . 
  the only sterling assets i have are loose change . 
  i 'm out about a euro . 
  you can measure the fall in your purchasing power against the usd ( 8 % ) or against the eur ( 7 % ) . 
  to an accuracy your comfortable with could you tell me how much your annual income will `` win '' by this year after its lost 7 - 8 % of its purchasing power . 
  its scary to see how much you 've `` won '' if you do the same calculation for your net assets . 
  congratulations on winning .
