  long story short is that everything is either bought or sold in eur or usd . 
  the gbp is down against the eur too . 
  roughly speaking your buying power and your wealth has dropped by the value of gpb . 
   there 's every reason to believe that in say , 7 years even i do n't have a clue if the gbp will return to it 's pre brexit price all i can go by is the markets . 
  there telling me gbp is down and you lost roughly $ 30,043 of wealth . 
  i agree minimising immigration has nothing to do with hate . 
  banning an entire religion from entering a country does . 
  i 'd prefer to be refused admission for being irish than being protestant or catholic . 
  if you convert that to billions lost my bet is on the us for next year . 
   it is however possible that the british supreme court will overturn this ruling . 
  where article 50 comes in then is that if it is reversible ( i.e. 
  britain gives notification , and then decides it does n't want to leave after all and is permitted to withdraw its notification ) , invoking it does not mean automatically cancelling british citizens ' rights . 
  instead that only comes in at the end of the process if/when the british government has agreed a deal , which parliament must then approve . 
  but then parliament does not have to give the initial notification . 
  i honestly never heard the argument . 
  cheers . 
  i think calling for a [ ban ] ( https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-j.-trump-statement-on-preventing-muslim-immigration ) on muslim immigration might count as evidence . 
  i 'm irish . 
  northern ireland democratically elected a bigoted government for decades . 
  after its conduct became so outrageous it 's prime minister and parliament were removed . 
  a vote does n't make a parliament or president supreme . 
  that 's an interesting choice disagreeing with facts . 
  i hope it works out for you . 
   pictures and videos that show spanking , whipping or caning that leaves marks , and sex acts involving urination , female ejaculation or menstruation as well as sex in public are likely to be caught by the ban apart from female ejaculation and menstruation i thought these were standard practice in public schools . 
  one year ''  with the uk leaving we 'll see wo n't we . '', 
  i agree with what you said . 
  the election would be a  absolute bloodbath for labour i do n't think corbyn even knows what he 's going to do . 
  if he has any sense he 'll avoid the bloodbath . 
   the way the ecj gets involved is when the question on whether a50 notification is reversible or not is relevant to the outcome in the supreme court case . 
  i 'm sorry i 'm not a lawyer and that makes no sense to me . 
  i do n't see where they 're going to get the votes for a motion of no confidence . 
  labor does n't want an election and the tory rebels wo n't want an election . 
  i do n't think the pro a50 mps can topple the government if they ca n't win a50 . 
   the mp is supposed to represent the people so if they vote against brexit then they 're no longer doing their job as a majority voted to leave the eu . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  i think mps are supposed to lead . 
  they were elected to advocate for their constituents not be advocated too . 
   if mps were silly enough to try to block it then there would be a general election and mps who were pro brexit would be voted in . 
  why would teresa may call an election . 
  corbyn does n't want an election so a vote in no confidence in the government would be defeated . 
  were five replies in and i do n't think your a person who fuck someone spitefully and selfishly . 
  as it 's 03:00 pacific time i 'd guess you 'd fuck gladly and drunkenly . 
  if the supreme court agrees with the high court then the referendum is nullified and the debate will begin in parliament . 
  it 's not the will of the majority of mps . 
  it 's their job to advocate for their constituents . 
  if you were an mp would you advocate for each one of your constituents to lose $ 33,043 . 
  i would n't . 
  the losses to the uk for leaving the eu are $ 1.523 trillion $ 1,523 billion $ 1,523,000,000 million $ 1,523,000,000,000,000 the mean wealth per adult went from $ 321,851 ^ 2015 to $ 288,808 ^ 2016 . 
  that 's $ 33,000 per adult . 
  i think a persuasive argument could be made to individual mps that it is in the economic interest of the uk to vote against a50 . 
  i read the legal arguments on reddit after the high court ruling . 
  the consensus was that the ecj has no authority . 
  article 50 states that triggering has to occur by the member states constitution . 
  i can see the ecj hearing the case . 
  i 'm guessing they 'll deffer to the supreme court . 
   most mps have said they will vote for a50 corbyn has said there will have to be uk access to 500 million customers in europe 's single market . 
  may 's probably going to say she ca n't add that amendment . 
  then labour will vote against triggering a50 . 
  the end . 
  if corbyn does n't mess up the bill then he 'll face his own rebellion . 
   shadow foreign office minister catherine west wrote : `` as i have said before , i stand with the people of hornsey & wood green , and i will vote against brexit in parliament . '', 
  there 's also the lords . 
  tory peer baroness wheatcroft said  i think there could be a majority who would be in favour of delaying article 50 until we know a little more about what lies ahead . '', 
  i do n't think it has a hope of passing . 
  the court case has to go to the supreme court . 
  it has n't been decided if parliament gets to vote . 
  the case will streamed live on the internet according to [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/11/06/theresa-may-issues-a-staunch-defence-of-the-free-press-after-med/ ) article . 
  the credit suisse just issued a report on household wealth . 
  the uk lost 1,523 billion in wealth last year . 
  i do n't think it 'll pass parliament . 
  corbyn said  `` we wo n't be seeking to block article 50 , only amend or influence the government 's negotiating terms if they do not meet our red lines . 
  our support for invoking article 50 is unconditional , but we would seek to amend or influence the government 's negotiating terms . '', 
  i 'm no fan of corbyn but this sounds like he 's going to throw in a few god awful amendments and then sink it . 
  i just skimmed the credit suisse report on global wealth . 
  the uk lost 1,523 billion in household wealth last year . 
  surely parliment would have more sense than to stomach those losses . 
  cheers now i get it . 
  i thought people worried about their genetics would want to keep them as pure as possible . 
  my preferences are varied but what would you do if the world was only left with drunken paddy 's . 
  surely your racial ideology would `` trump '' your `` disgust '' of incest . 
  i thought that there were enough tory rebels to block it . 
  here 's a pdf of the full [ report ] ( https://publications.credit-suisse.com/tasks/render/file/?fileid=4d81de52-042e-ddb6-4a5c9c2293f46c1c ) ireland is : 4th in house price inflation . 
  2nd worst in market capitalization ( thank you ukraine ) . 
  gdp per adult ^ 2016 = 73,226 wealth per adult ^ 2000 = 91,525 wealth per adult ^ 2016 = 214,589 ( uk = 288,808 ) 6 ^ th in change in household wealth and adult wealth at 5.2 % and 4.0 % . 
  12 ^ th at adding too total household wealth at 38 billion . 
  ( uk last at -1,523 billion ) gini coefficient of 80 110,000 usd millionaires . 
  can any banker way in on why they are giving out dividends and not shoring up their reserves . 
  i bet the uk government is preying to god and satan that the supreme court rules against them . 
  i 'd have to break into their houses . 
  you seem like the kind of fella who has to live with his siblings . 
  if you mean globally i do n't get your argument . 
  i do n't think the rise of a chinese middle class has much influence on people dispossessed by globalisation . 
  i think the relative income of that person compared to their peer group is causing the dissatisfaction . 
  by peer group you could say between scotland and england . 
  or france and germany but i 'd argue local regional and national factors are more important than international . 
  * gouger, 
  you think your making fun at me . 
  your making fun of / u/zogg18 . 
  for all you know i 'm a bot analyzing and pasting . 
  i do n't know whats worse you making nonsense arguments or me enjoying them .
