  the us intelligence agencies are investigating . 
  as i posted above rick wilson denies he 's the [ source ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/therickwilson/status/819000073853997056 ) . 
  rick wilson denies he 's the [ source ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/therickwilson/status/819000073853997056 ) . 
  thank you . 
  i only have nieces and nephews . 
  as an irish person i ca n't look at [ the crosssing ] ( http://www.rte.ie/player/ie/show/the-crossing-30004413/ ) and say all is right . 
  it 'll take more than a straw to break the eu 's back . 
  the collective goodwill of 28 countries is n't bent so easily . 
  you are a coward who does ` nt see the true value and help the citizens of baltic countries have given you . 
  if we are to repay that unrepayable debt then lets give them fighter planes . 
  would you use the markets or do you think it should be universal ... 
  in ireland you scip from the third to the fifth year if the teachers think your smart enough to handle the final exam ( the leaving cert . ), 
  i think you belong in the fourth year . 
  so me and you are wishing for magic too . 
  so we have to build capacity . 
  i honestly think your being naive . 
  they believe they won . 
  were on the eve of 2017 . 
  so there 's alot of work to do, 
  if and it 's a 99.99 % if there is an invasion france ca n't rebel it . 
  for 2017 i think the eu should create the infrastructure to repel a russian attack . 
  res to the fuck up, 
  i know sweet f ** k all about defense . 
  can the eu without us and uk support repel an attack in the baltics . 
  i nearly vomited after trumps last tweet of  great move on delay ( by v. putin ) - i always knew he was very smart !, 
  maybe i 'm a coward but this to me says the eu has to defend the baltics alone . 
  i too support the legalisation of marijuana . 
  any other ideas on making people chill . 
   well now the english have gone that 'll be easier to do . 
  honest answer how i joked in another thread that  i think the irish should buy 2-3 eurofighter squads . 
  if you can or anybody else explain how the eu can defend itself . 
  happy new year . 
  happy new year . 
  do you think that the eu with the uk could repel russia without us support . 
  dt latest treat was great move on delay ( by v. putin ) - i always knew he was very smart !, 
  i 'm no military expert but i hope as eu citizens we stick together and plan . 
  i 'm sorry i fear that the cumulative power of our rope :-) ca n't bind us . 
  what about a collective defense policy i think the irish should buy 2-3 eurofighter squads . 
  i think i 've just solved 2017 . 
  because this is a eu sub / u/selfes how are you going to stop ww3 / s. 
  staring the immortal / u/tomatobuttholes, 
  i think you 've solved terrorism . 
  so santa do n't gigiafactory us again, 
  rearmament of the eu . 
  / u/python _ nub i think you should start exercising . 
  on the 31st lets be hopeful . 
  in europe i hope that we will bind together . 
  again the 0.005 % is made up by the commission . 
  if you take apples taxes paid to ireland and divide it by their entire profit from eu sales you get 0.005 % . 
  i can agree with you that parking profits in an imaginary office is not an efficient tax policy . 
  i think it gives an unfair advantage to large corporations and that is probably why that policy has been phased out . 
  however that does not mean that apples tax rate was 0.005 % . 
  for apple to use the money parked in their non resident company they would have to bring it into another tax jurisdiction . 
  there the money would be subject to income tax . 
  in ireland 12.5 % or in the us during a tax holiday 8.75 % . 
  whether 12.5 % or 8.75 % is a fair tax is debatable . 
  that debate is a domestic matter and is not the business of the eu . 
  i know i 'm talking like a hippy but it should go to the most qualified . 
  the us and the eu do n't have a monopoly on talent . 
  this is a great summary of the state of the imf . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  i know that tax codes ar n't designed to rely on morality . 
  finland could increase the sales or vat tax on products to capture more of the value . 
  instead they are blaming apple and ireland because the they have a system of low corporate tax rate . 
  i think it 's the governments responsibility to respond efficiently and effectively to changing global conditions . 
  if finland 's government and tax authorities are not as efficient and effective as ireland 's then the blame lies with the finish . 
  not the eu . 
  i do n't know . 
  with trump in the white house and the poor economic performance in europe there could be enough incentive for non eu and non us countries to band together . 
  there is no 0.005 % tax . 
  it is just a figure invented by the commission . 
  the last tax holiday by the us was 8.75 % . 
  that 's what apple would have paid . 
  if you setup an irish company and become a contractor for your employer you can pay 12.5 % before deductions . 
  you 'll have to stockpile your pay within the company . 
  after 10 years you can become a resident of a country that does n't charge capital gains tax and liquidate your company without having to pay any more income tax . 
  hopefully the us and the eu lose control of the world bank and the imf in the next round of appointments . 
  the fault lies in individual countries tax codes . 
  if finland wants to take action it can . 
  there is no point waving a finger at the eu and not seeing the fault at home . 
  it 's the principle of the thing . 
  ireland would never charge a sales tax on italian shops and we do n't think we can charge a tax on sales that occurred outside our jurisdiction . 
  it 's a commission ruling . 
  the lawfulness of the tax code will be decided by the ecj . 
  be careful or we 'll deploy our kite . 
  the argument is that the income that apple held in a non resident company pre taxable income . 
  when the income is moved into a tax jurisdiction then it will be subject to tax . 
  the 0.005 tax figure is absurd . 
  if the loophhole had not been closed the tax would have been repatriated back to the us when they have one of their regular tax holidays . 
  he nailed it . 
  it 's not a measure of gdp . 
  it 's an estimate by credit suisse on the loss of wealth in the uk . 
  it is based on numerous market sources . 
  it is measured in usd because the usd is the global reserve currency . 
  p.s if your from the uk that translates as $ 30,043 per adult . 
  i 'm guessing that 's why credit suisse did n't just take the value of uk assets in 2015 and deduct the loss in the value if sterling . 
  their methodology is not perfect but they relied on a combination of market factors . 
  by their estimate the average uk adult lost $ 30,043 in wealth between 2015 and 2016 . 
  private usually boarding , usually male schools are called public schools in the uk . 
  here 's an [ image ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a7/global_reserve_currencies.png ) of the reserve currencies .
