  do n't forget  the stories and information posted here are artistic works of fiction and falsehood . 
  only a fool would take anything posted here as fact . 
  tldr if you had money you bought fish . 
  the problem with the irish famine was n't about food shortages it was about food allocation . 
  some people in the country could n't feed themselves because the price of food was too high . 
  they were used to feeding themselves through their potato crop . 
  when that failed they did n't have the resources to buy food . 
  northern and eastern ireland were relatively rich compared to the west and south . 
  if you had the means you emigrated . 
  the west and south saw the most deaths related to starvation . 
  why is it that the people who worry about genetic purity come from the shallow end of the gene pool . 
  how about asking about permits for your building while talking to the leader of argentina . 
  also why is the president elects daughter participating in that conversation . 
  say what you like about berlesconi he 'd have the intelligence to hide the con . 
   150-200 years ago each town had their own variation of occitan now you have nuclear power plants and the tgv . 
  i 'd of thought it was worth the sacrifice . 
  that has serious economic implications though . 
  high wealth disparity damages the gdp of a country . 
  think what it would be like if you watched your talented child getting bested because they are poorer . 
  that creates a profound sense of unfairness in people . 
  i think you hit the nail on the head . 
  i think the current policy of low growth in high hdi countries is creating a sense of stagnation . 
  if we could collectively decide on a long term goal to invest in i think we could break through the pinnacle feeling . 
   it was n't one that almost starved to death when the potatoes ran out . 
  my country did starve and the ocean was right there . 
  there must have been something wrong with my ancestors . 
  a smart person like you must come from cleverer stock . 
  could you tell me your nationality . 
  maybe we can breed the stupidity away . 
  fair enough . 
  i edited my comment . 
  he has openly called for violations of the geneva convention . 
  heis not our ally . 
  verhofstadt right . 
  trump is just another autocrat threatening european values . 
   i 'm pretty sure erdogan and putin do n't really care for each  thanks for your stupid opinion . 
   you know who destroyed the european way of thinking ? 
  people like you . 
  do you have any other great ^ tm opinions . 
  the ~ ~ 28 member countries ~ ~ europeans this sub represents ca n't wait for wisdom from the us . 
   trump wants to play her majesty the queen by appointing the british ambassadors i 'm sure her majesty will give his majesty a call if she decides to visit . 
  sort of . 
  we say we 're neutral but we are also treaty bound to protect other eu states . 
  for example irish special forces were sent to africa after the paris attacks to replace french forces . 
  you should ask the uk if they want a strong independent army on their land border . 
  the irish `` army '' are experts at irregular warfare . 
  you should ask the uk about that too . 
  then again your from the us . 
  educate me on the usefulness of aircraft carriers in irregular warfare . 
  we need a cat ( carbon added tax ) . 
  the eu will go to war with the combined forces of it 's member states . 
  that means 1,423,097 ( 2014 ) active members against an estimated 1,013,000 active russian members . 
   you do n't even have active conscription . 
  russia is an incomparable force . 
  i 'm no military expert but 1,423,097  1,013,000 that is without conscription . 
  the eu 's liberal democracies are not weak . 
  they can with conventional power expel their biggest threat ( russia ) all by themselves . 
  also the eu spends $ 226.73 billion on defense compared to russias $ 65.6 billion . 
  i know there is a difference caused by wages but the eu still spends 3.47 times what russia does . 
  collectively we could swat them like a fly . 
   ireland is different perhaps ireland is the most pacific country in the eu . 
  we 've never been at war since independence in 1921 and polls show we are the most skeptical of a european army . 
   germans and french civilian population are way too pacifistific . 
  we both know there is a very good reason for that . 
  it also provides strength . 
  it has allowed the eu to make a joint commitment to defend any member state from attack . 
  if russia attacks a baltic nation the eu has purposefully boxed themselves into an automatic response . 
  they will go to war . 
  the pacifidy of the population has nothing to do with it . 
   motivate your people for heroism and patriotism our people will not need to be motivated . 
  the collective will of 28 ( 27 ) members has been decided . 
  the deployment of forward forces is a guarantee that we will fight . 
  there is a trend to see liberal democracies as weak . 
  we do n't conscript our youth . 
  we are too `` pacific '' . 
  this is a grave mistake . 
  the deployment of nato forces to the baltics is to communicate that to russia . 
  if a baltic nation is attacked the eu/nato will immediately respond with forward troops . 
  then it will counter attack . 
  the combined forces of the eu countries are 1,423,097 ( [ 2014 ] ( http://www.eda.europa.eu/docs/default-source/brochures/eda-collective-and-national-defence-data-2005-2014-d8099b3fa4d264cfa776ff000087ef0f.xlsx ) ) . 
  wikipedia says that the russian defense forces has at a high estimate of 1,013,000 people . 
  the eu has roughly 3.5 times the population of russia . 
  we do n't need conscription . 
  from what i heard the plan is not to hold '' russia on the baltic-russian border '' it is to conduct a defensive withdrawal . 
  the russians would be slowed at key points while constantly being harassed by nato . 
  this would allow the other eu/nato armies to gather for a counter strike . 
  with time to deploy a combined eu army would decimate the russian army in the baltics . 
  * ( all while hoping neither side goes nuclear . 
  i 'm saying i 'm proud or anything but the ira was one of the most effective terrorist organisations in history . 
  they even had a go at [ thatcher ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brighton_hotel_bombing ) . 
  i 'm saying i 'm proud or anything but the ira was one of the most effective terrorist organisations in history . 
  they even had a go at [ thatcher ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brighton_hotel_bombing ) . 
  this [ report ] ( https://www.rand.org/pubs/research_reports/rr1253.html ) from the rand corporation says that you were right . 
  the best case scenario they gamed out was that it would take the russians 60 hours to reach the outskirts of tallinn or riga . 
  it called for 7 brigades to be stationed . 
  it was published in january 2016 . 
  nato has deployed four battalions to the baltics under its [ enhanced forward presence program ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/topics_136388.htm?selectedlocale=en ) ( a german , uk , canadian and us battalion each ) . 
  also germany has reached agreement to form two joint heavy armored divisions with the [ czech republic and the netherlands ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2017/05/22/germany-is-quietly-building-a-european-army-under-its-command/ ) . 
  it seems to me the eu not the us is guaranteeing the sovereignty of the baltic nations . 
   an attack on vilnius will also be an attack , for this battle group , on berlin , on brussels , on oslo and every other capital .
