  - united in diversity, 
  i thought less color . 
  isis ( black ) vs everyone else . 
  your wrong . 
  it 's a hero complex . 
  like the other attackers they 're looking for glory . 
  they do not have the intellect or ambition to actually create something with their lives . 
  so they look for a cop out . 
  they think of themselves as standing above society and striking a blow for `` justice '' . 
  what they should realise is that society was right about them before their terrible crimes . 
  they are losers in every sense of the word . 
  in europe ireland nearly always followed the uk . 
  with the uk we wanted turkey to join but now were all on our lonesome . 
  i think the investments available in turkey are worth the costs of having turkey as a member . 
  do you think the `` trustee-style '' democracy will become more prevalent in the age of trump and brexit . 
  and does brexit help or hurt the `` 4th reich '' it pisses me off that you left us on our lonesome . 
  i think it is the leading political institution in the world . 
  people scoffed when the eu won the nobel peace prize . 
  i thought they got it 100 % right . 
  it 's not easy to unite a continent and prevent europe 's eternal wars . 
  i think we can all agree that [ iceland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaehn1ay8ig ) is banned . 
  or mcgregor is allowed a gun . 
  the ecb is not a bad bank . 
  it ca n't become insolvent . 
  technically it could print money till the cows come home . 
   micron your witty ar n't you . 
  have you any other bastardised us traditions you 'd like to bring to this sub . 
  were family were allowed to call you fucking idiots when your acting like gobshites . 
  especially when your idiocy is screwing us over too, 
  you  we need $ 10bn a year to cover their deficit . 
  me  i disagree with your outlook on ni deficit . 
  they ca n't / wo n't continue to run a 10.8 billion a year deficit . 
  maybe i 'm wrong and your right but my opinion is that the economic reforms in ni will have to be substantial . 
  i.e they will have to close their deficit . 
   would n't most countries benefit from it ? 
  no they would n't . 
  the national budgets of eu members are tailored to the political needs of the member country . 
  for example ireland provides substantial support ( on top of eu support ) to farmers and rural areas . 
  an economic argument can be made that this is a form of social welfare that supports an nonviable industry . 
  if we harmonised the national budgets of the eu i think they would tend towards economic realism . 
  in the rural areas example this would mean cutting support from the harmonised national budget . 
  this would lead to dangerous political unrest . 
  irish citizens would be able to legitimately say that faceless eu bureaucrats and greedy foreigners are destroying rural ireland . 
  economic dogmatism is not a viable political strategy . 
  in ireland we maintain a high level of political representation . 
  i think this is to allow quick corrections to flaws in grand economic strategies . 
  it also means we pay a economic cost to this political interference . 
  the road to kenmare was upgraded because jackie healy-rae political support was needed by the government . 
  also the european commission has offices in co. . meath instead of dublin because that is john brutons constituency . 
  irish society accepts these economic losses because they provide political stability . 
  they would not accept the economic gains from eu harmonisation because it would provide political instability . 
  this is just an irish example . 
  these political problems become exponentially more complex if you spread them across the 27 member states . 
  the eu knows this . 
  that is why they wo n't harmonise the national budgets . 
  the sad part is i think they are . 
  it 's a truly pathetic reflection on the societies in the middle east . 
   why ? 
  for what ? 
  i do n't know exactly why the eu gives the border region 6.6 billion . 
  i 'm guessing they wo n't withdraw that money because of a united ireland . 
  my guess is that they will expand their funding in ni . 
  that 's a summarry of all my previous comments . 
  i think i 'm right for the reasons i 've giuven . 
   what will we sign up for ? 
  fiscal union ? 
  it is not in the interests of the eu to want fiscal union . 
  the same way some politicians ( in the uk ) blame the eu for everything some politicians ( in france ) think the eu is the solution to everything . 
  they would have an easier time harmonising the eu members abortion laws than harmonising the eu members budgets . 
  i think your being too simplistic . 
  a united ireland would mean a wholesale societal change for both the republic and the north . 
  a basic model was done for sinn fein by a german professor and he estimated a 35 billion windfall . 
  i disagree with this rosy outlook and i disagree with your outlook on ni deficit . 
  they ca n't / wo n't continue to run a 10.8 billion a year deficit . 
  the cost of a united ireland will fall on the irish people . 
  radical change in the economies of the republic ( higher taxes ) and the north ( lower spending ) will be needed . 
  i also think the eu will provide transfers in the billions to ni specifically . 
  i also think the us will provide long term economic assistance ( low interest loans ) to a united ireland . 
  everything i 've said rests on the fact that there will have to be serious political will and bravery to achieve this outcome . 
  i think the republics original sin was the abandonment on the north . 
  i try not to sound like a hippy but i think the healing of that wound would be worth the economic cost of unification . 
  i 'm quietly optimistic that the political will can be found to fund our reunification . 
  that funding was secured for 2014 to 2020 . 
  we were already richer than average . 
  as i said i do n't know the intricacies of the eu 's budget but my guess it was a concerted effort by irish politicians and the eu 's goodwill that secured that funding . 
  after all 6.6 billion goes a longer way in bulgaria than ireland . 
  i think your right i never thought of comparing the uk to the ottomans . 
  i still have a sliver of hope against all evidence that the english will finally come to their senses . 
  to be honest i do n't know the intricacies of the eu 's budget . 
  what i 've noticed in ireland is the ability of all levels of politicians to work towards securing funding . 
  the local politician goes to the national politician who goes to the mep or commissioner . 
  if you 've traveled to the border region in the republic you 'll notice signs with eu flags . 
  these all bare the `` partly funded by the eu '' message . 
  i hav n't traveled much in the eu but what i think what is unique in irelands approach is to micromanage eu funding . 
  every school , road resurfacing , health clinic all appear to have applied for eu funding and been granted it . 
  according to the eu 's website between 2014 and 2020 6.6 billion will be invested in the border regions . 
  what 's amazing is that the border region secured this funding while still being part of one of the richest countries in the eu . 
  i do n't know how this money was secured but i have confidence in a united irelands politicians not to demand money but to get annual multi billion euro funding from the eu . 
  me and you are coming at the same problem from two different directions . 
  i 'm not saying that the republic and northern ireland demand that the eu pay x amount of money .
