  i 'm really excited to find this subreddit and my local vegan subreddits today , so if you want to point me to any resources or ask any questions , i 'd appreciate it , 
  um , being a ` fakir ' ( i.e. 
  being intentionally poor ) is sort of a part of our religion . 
  our prophet was the head of a kingdom with some pretty amazing riches , yet he slept on leaves in a small hut , and sustained himself on a daily meal of water and dates . 
  his successors followed his example . 
  we fast for a month and pay at least 2.5 % of assets to charity each year . 
  our ` halal ' rulings on meat are actually a big part of this effort . 
  [ they actually push us towards semi-vegitarianism . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/belief/2010/aug/26/meat-islam-vegetarianism-ramadan/ ) for instance , amongst young arabs it 's quite common for them to go to a farm and slaughter their own meat up to three times . 
  many ca n't kill the third , and decide they never want to do that sort of harm to an animal again . 
  i know a few who have become vegetarian after that . 
  the rest become more aware of the sort of ` meat is murder ' factor , even if it does n't * completely * prevent them from eating meat . 
  they become very concerned with the manner of slaughter and wellbeing of the animal . 
  for me , even just knowing people who have done this has really pushed me to think about eating vegan when possible . 
  from the qur ` an ( cattle 6:38 ), 
   `` there is not an animal on earth , nor a bird that flies on its wings -- but they are communities like you . 
  nothing is omitted from divine justice , and all will be returned to their sustainer . '', 
  hamza yusuf ( one of the few top english-speaking sheikhs ) [ talks about this all the time ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seepf-bmniq ), 
  regarding resources : my mate has subtly pointed out places where animal products are unnecessarily used ( e.g. 
  my shoes ) , and his using substitutes has actually been helpful in increasing not only my awareness but also showing me how to change things about my own behaviour . 
  it seems to be pretty easy here in melbourne to do quite a few things to reduce my impact . 
  i was totally unaware of the vegan community here , and when i was introduced , it was just so nice to have a respite from all the mindless consumption in my country ( australia is horribly wasteful ! ) . 
  i really do n't mind being spammed ( lay it on me !, 
  ) , but i 'd prefer practical advice , for the moment i just kind of glaze over on the ideological/advocacy stuff ... 
  well i know the muslims here in australia are kinda appauled by the meat consumption level in this country , but here 's another chart fwiw ... a good comparison might be south america, 
  muslim countries are not that poor . 
  people could certainly afford more meat . 
  it 's not as if factory farming would be impossible , it 's just that the society has less demand for it . 
  it 's a function of the market , yes - but demand , supply , and regulations are all factors . 
  it 's pretty a well established part of our religion that mindless consumption , generally speaking , is a terrible idea . 
  we have a norm that we are grateful for the life of * anything * we eat before eating or drinking ( even water ) , so we do try to be mindful about this sort of thing . 
  i 'm not suggesting by any means that it 's a vegan religion , or that it 's solely responsible , but it certainly informs my and others ' attempts to consume less . 
  i just said i do n't think forcing them to eat a different meal every day is going to help them make friends . 
  these are kids . 
  kids can be cruel over small differences . 
  if just one day a month they can eat the same meal as everyone else , that might be just a bit of relief for them . 
  also , daily meat consumption is unhealthy and unnatural . 
  normalizing daily consumption of animal product is not exactly the greenest thing you could be doing either ... 
   they can eat the same meal as everyone else every day of the month if they want to . 
  would you say the same about the jewish and orthodox christian kids living in that city ? 
  or are they mysteriously absent from europe for some reason ... 
   that 's a different matter altogether . 
  and here i thought ordering pork to be on the menu every day had nothing to do with muslims ? 
  i thought the muslims * were * ` the different matter altogether ' . 
  i 'll add it to the queue , 
  they did n't before . 
  we used to try to greet them with an american accent when they did , just to make fun of the cultural import . 
  nowadays it 's more common ... 
  yup , that 's basically how i 've interpreted it , and in the islamic world nobody of note has really disputed that vegetarianism or veganism is a good thing . 
  kuwait and uae are basically home to a lot of russian , chinese , and american white collar criminals and playboys . 
  saudi arabia is also a pretty corrupt country . 
  these are places people think of when they think about islam , but they really only make up a tiny minority of muslims ... 
  i never heard an adhan in uae , but i 've heard them in egypt , oman , and malaysia . 
  that sounds like an awesome fb group , i 'll check it out , 
  sure . 
  i mean , islam and veganism are not the same value system . 
  that does n't mean we ca n't learn from each-other . 
  the prophet was * very * concerned with the purity and quality of what he ate , and he rarely consumed animal products except in some types of situations ( e.g. 
  festivals ) . 
  it seems to me that vegans have a lot to teach me , if i want to achieve his sunnah in the modern world ... esecially in my country , which is one of the world 's most profligate meat consumers . 
  regarding our goat : we split it evenly between the whole family ( over 20 people ) , friends , and charity . 
  our portion goes in the freezer . 
  it lasts quite a few months . 
  we do n't waste the meat . 
  our meat consumption level as a family seems to go * down * over this period , as we are really grateful and thankful for the life of the goat - we try to stretch it out as much as possible . 
  while it is a sacrifice , we are n't throwing away the animal or anything ... 
  effectively , we are praying over an entire animal before consuming it , and donating a third of it to charity . 
  it causes the entire family to be mindful that we are taking a life whenever we consume meat . 
  it 's actually one of the things that led me to looking at vegan eating options - i really did n't want to kill anything else for selfish reasons , after we finished a goat that was sacrificed and went to charity . 
  rice and rice . 
  anyone else here reminded of ` the mix master ' from hamish and andy ? 
  the man is basically a national hero for for this . 
  it sounds like what you 're actually looking for is a crm . 
  if so , best not to try to build one from scratch . 
  cheap crms : zoho , hubspot crm , base crm . 
  more expensive/flexible : salesforce , microsoft dynamics crm . 
  if you 're using o365 , you should jump into the admin panel -  azure ad -  have a look at the crms in the app marketplace . 
  that is an oddly specific chocolate company . 
  ask hr if they really need this person . 
  al-wahhab 's teachings . 
  listen to it . 
  you might like to listen to the shorter and more introductory surahs ( chapters ) that start at 68 . 
  you can listen at http://quran.com , or using the iquran or quran.com apps . 
  the whole thing is completely fake . 
  the sound recording is wrong , the accent is an awful fake , the lightning somehow does n't change the shadows , do n't even get me started on the title of this post . 
  it 's just dumb . 
  iit ppl judging ppl judging ppl . 
  and me judging them . 
  and you judging me . 
  multi-threading and hyper-threading are not the issue . 
  the fact # 2 happens on both your laptop and desktop means that it must be related to some software you have installed on both systems . 
  try creating and logging in to a different user profile on one of the machines . 
  open the task manager and have a look at applications that are in the start-up tab , try turning off non-essential ones . 
  on # 1 , does this happen on a specific workbook , or all workbooks ? 
  i 'm thinking there may be some broken vbscript loop in your workbook . 
  an interim solution might be to use the ` excel mobile ' app from the windows store . 
  it 's experimental , but it 's a completely different codebase so it should n't have the same problem . 
  bizzare . 
  did you try the excel mobile , word mobile and powerpoint mobile apps ? 
  it 's the only other thing i can think of ...
