/ r/mildlyvandalised, 
  i use all platforms regularly . 
  typing this on a surface pro 3 , and got a mba next to me running ubuntu . 
  ipad and raspberrypi in the living room , chromebook for the kids , centos on an nl54 in the closet , android phone in the pocket . 
   antivirus, 
  huh ? 
  this has been built in to windows for years . 
   drm, 
  eh , drm load is the same across all platforms . 
  typically hardware-accelerated . 
   media and advertising `` services '', 
  nope , these only apply in the apps that use those services . 
   keylogging , spying , and `` telemetry '' services, 
  it asks you whether you want telemetry on or off . 
  there 's no keylogging or spying network traffic leaving the pc , and there 's no evidence of anything like what you 're talking about going on . 
  there would be an absolute uproar in the security world if it was going on - do you seriously think network admins would n't notice that traffic ? 
  the rest of the world just is n't that stupid . 
  because windows is a security nightmare, 
  windows security is n't usually the problem re : malware . 
  an increasing amount of malware is user deception and attacks on adobe , mozilla , google , or apple products . 
  if you 're looking for a real security nightmare , look at products like openssl , or android . 
  windows ' architecture regarding security is as good as ( or better than ) any other os . 
  furthermore , it does n't have legacy cruft from hobby open source projects floating around . 
  most major recent security issues have all been open source : heartbleed , shellshock , stagefright , etc. 
  there are legitimate criticisms of windows - the app store is insecure , the control panel is a disaster , cortana has legitimate privacy issues , metro app instability + performance + api-shift issues , edge , problems with the network audio and video stacks , battery management , etc. . . 
  there are also valid criticisms of linux , freebsd , macos , android , ios , and everything else out there . . 
  but to me , it sounds like the last time you tried windows was in the last millennium . 
  i can barely remember when your criticisms were valid - they come from a pre multi-core , pre-ssd world . 
  having such an outdated view of modern computing suggests someone who has decided to be wilfully ignorant and come up with the reasons later - that 's not a good way to survive in the it industry . 
  you need to be a scientist . 
  you need to try things . 
  i hope you 've picked some boring network infrastructure tech to hitch your wagon to , or you 'll be out on your ass in a few years . 
  if this is the logic used to reduce us influence in the middle east , i say go for it . 
  i 've heard saudi women make the same argument anyway . 
  another muslim here . 
  if you can take it to the local mosque and let them deal with it , that would probably be best . 
  it would probably interest them to know that sihr is going on in their community ... 
  i doubt there 's only one of these down there . 
  you might wind up with some muslim bros magnet fishing with you next time ... 
  the second part of your dream sounds like a mix of as-sirat and hauzul-kausar . 
  sounds like a good omen to me , but definitely follow / u/zer0se1f advice and follow up with your trusted religious authority . 
  salaam , welcome and thank you for sharing . 
  in addition to what everybody else has said , i recommend checking the links in the sidebar for introductory information . 
  most important is to be thankful to allah for your imaan . 
  if you 're looking for a prayer for mercy and guidance , you may find [ dua kumayl ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vew6zjqgqwu ) beneficial . 
  it 's not qur ` an , but it 's a very beautiful prayer nonetheless . 
  huh ? 
  the aga khanis ? 
  since when are nizaris outside the fold ? 
  it 's organised basically the same way academia is organised , as it has at its centre the same mission - the path of al-haqq ( the truth ) . 
  there is no religious authority higher than god and the truth . 
  to explain titles :, 
  imam is something like a professor . 
  sheikh pretty much translates as doctor , or elder . 
  a mufti or a mullah is something like a dean . 
  a fatwa is something like a paper . 
  and then we have specific areas of study , so you might have a scientist who is a geologist , we have law-ists ( faqih ) who specialise in areas such as aqidah ( theology ) , etc. 
  there are no institutions in islam that get to decide on the religion , the religion has been deeply academic in nature from earliest days , and is based on an extremely large and exceedingly consistent historical record . 
  see : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_philosophy, 
  edit : in terms of political leadership ... 
  a leader could possibly emerge as [ ameer ul mumineen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amir_al-mu%27minin ) via a process of [ bay'ah ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bay%27ah ) , individual muslims must give bay'ah , so that element is sort of democratic . 
  prophecies ( which have been [ pretty accurate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=danvf61k8ak ) up to this point ) say this leader ( the [ mahdi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mahdi ) ) will emerge eventually , hopefully and probably soon . 
  to explain the past , such leadership can be passed to successors by a processes called `` calipha '' ( arabic for successor ) . 
  between the prophet 's death ( saws ) and ww1 , there was a chain of caliphs following the prophet , but after the defeat of the ottoman empire in ww1 , sunni muslims in 1924 abolished the caliphate in favour of modern nation states with borders drawn up by post-ww1 victors . 
  as the sunnis ( 80 % of muslims ) have no leader currently , current claimants of successorship ( e.g. 
  isis ` caliph ' ) are fundamentally bogus . 
  the shia are still operating on pre-1924 principals . 
  due to an early dispute wherein caliph # 5 fought caliph # 4 to take power , shia have basically always followed a different line of caliphs called imams , and this is basically ( long story ! ), 
  still going on in iran . 
  we should just call them `` the hypocrites '' and `` the hypocrite state '' . 
  http://quran.com/9/5-6 - the actual translation ... 
  if his family is christian or jewish , then probably technically speaking the same rules apply to him . 
  the difference tends to be more a matter of whether you live in africa , india , or the middle east ... jews and christians living in ethiopia or israel , or hindus marrying outside their caste and beliefs - they all have similar problems . 
  this is a cultural issue , not a religious one ... as demonstrated by the woman referred to in op 's pic . 
  would probably help if this person knew what `` caliph '' meant . 
  also , to suggest a caliphate is mentioned twice in the qur ` an is simply not accurate . 
  it would be nice if writers researched and understood a topic * before * forming conclusions , would be much more interesting to read an informed opinion based on real understanding than a contrived one based on some pretty poor google-fu . 
  well , he 's certainly got the right name for it , 
  i made the comment fully aware of the fact that the word caliph appears twice in the qur ` an . 
  i 'm not the one being ignorant here , please read the context and demonstrate to me how it says that * humanity must establish a caliphate from nothing * . 
  it 's not in the religion anywhere , it 's not in the sunnah , and it 's not how allah 's previous religions have worked either . 
  a caliph is a successor . 
  we had a chain of succession from our prophet . 
  who would this new chain of succession start from ? 
  it seems to me you still have no idea how caliph actually translates , what the mechanisms of caliphates are , or what the root meaning is ... like the author of this article , if you actually knew what you were talking about in the first place ( i.e. 
  understood the language and history ) , it would help . 
  what 's the sufi equivalent of christianity ? 
  go back , if it happens again tell one of the other staff there to let him know that you 'll report him to his manager if he does n't stop . 
  alternately , you might find some way to get back at him with your own little personal jabs . 
  it may be that he is not doing it in a mean-spirited way , but that 's just his way of connecting - expecting you to reciprocate . 
  it 's not something which is good adab , but i 've definitely had that happen before with non-muslims . 
  also , see if you ca n't find a muslim establishment to give your money to if you want tea . 
  it 's much better that it stays inside the community if possible , especially if there 's a halal place around . 
  tea is basically pure profit , so it would be good if you made it go somewhere better than mcds . 
  you might find it useful to give them some idea of your own faith ( e.g. 
  christian , jew , agnostic , atheist , spiritualist , etc. ), 
  and ask them how the faiths are similar and what the view is on your own faith . 
  other questions perhaps what is your favourite part of the qur ` an , or what parts of islam 's influence have become part of your culture without you knowing it ( e.g. 
  principle that all men are created equal , but there are many more ) . 
  if you have any questions of a controversial nature feel free to ask those too , but do so in a respectful , quiet , and private way .
