  you need both , and they need to be separate people . 
  i think disrupt ( 1x8 ) was the best overall . 
  for pied piper , the company - i.e. 
  if you wanted to get each character 's personality overall in one episode , that would be the best episode to watch . 
  i would have a look at these instead : https://www.syncthing.net/ http://getsync.com, 
   compression-as-a-service makes no sense, 
  it may make sense as a pre-cdn service , provided that a web-based player could be provided that allows higher quality video playback , for example ... 
  damn , that 's some wasteful packaging for a donut ... 
  salam , welcome to our community . 
  if you 're looking for a better translation of the qur ` an , try the one by mas abdel haleem . 
  i would also recommend * listening * to qur ` anic recitation in arabic with parallel english text ... 
  it helps you to appreciate the poetic nature of the text . 
  there 's a free app called iquran which does this on ios and android , which i would highly recommend , or you can go to http://quran.com and hit play . 
  if you struggle reading it cover to cover , i would start with surah 1 , then surahs 68-114 , then go back and read surahs 2-67 . 
  this is a very loose approximation of [ chronological ordering ] ( http://tanzil.net/wiki/revelation_order ) that is a pretty normal way of reading it for the first few times . 
  the qur ` an is structured using ' [ ring composition ] ( http://www.csmonitor.com/commentary/upfront-blog/2012/0928/reading-the-quran-in-a-new-way ) ' , sort of like a ` memory palace ' , it is designed to be remembered in its entirety ... but it can be daunting for the first few reads if you do n't enter the right place . 
  i would also suggest looking at lectures/videos by hamza yusuf ( introductory spiritual ) , and nouman ali khan ( introductory doctrinal ) . 
  as a buddhist you may also find sufism/sufi teachings quite appealing ... maybe take a look at the penguin translation of rumi 's masnavi book 1 - `` spiritual verses '' . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't have any questions on zen buddhism . 
  i have got a few buddhist friends who have already answered everything i might care to ask , 
  10 % until the board meets ... 
  no , that 's not how islam works at all ... 
  perhaps the world 's second largest religion has some diversity of views and complexity in it ? 
  lol muslims have led muslim countries for hundreds of years . 
  wtf . 
  about half of the femaile mps in british parliament are muslims from majority muslim electorates . 
  that 's like 98 % . 
  in islamic law , it is permissible for a state to execute , but it was very rare until 1921 , and there have been plenty of gays prior . 
  what happened is that the saudi government ( backed by the uk ) which has no actual religious lineage/authority ( the king of jordan has that ) compensated for that by adopting and spreading bizarre fundamentalism across the muslim world . 
  so while the rest of the world modernised , the islamic world funded by oil money , adopted extreme christian conservative values based on textualism , which actually were n't even historically muslim values and are n't backed by the historical practice of the religion at all . 
  now we have this incoherent proto-islamic philosophy as an enemy of islam ( it kills more muslims than anyone else ) and the west . 
  haha look at pakistan . 
  do you know how much honor killing and bs goes on in that country ? 
  you think people will actually ever tell you what they think in that country ? 
  muslims are the most terrorised by terrorists , because the terrorists have coopted their governments . 
  look how osama was hid by their own special forces . 
  well , death only applies if the person does not disavow what they did . 
  i believe this is almost universal in islamic death penalties . 
  so it is only really for people * actively * protesting . 
  the rest get corporeal punishment . 
  in all cases actual punishment was rarely carried out , as the severe punishments ( including for perjury ) resulted in a reduction in the reliance on a judiciary for selling disputes, 
  we might just be too slow ... 
  this is what i 'm betting on . 
  picked up an rx 480 at retail today . 
  should have waited for vendor designs , yeah , but i 'm sick of waiting with my hd 5750 , the reviewers were not unanimous , and the concept that this could have passed qc and all the manufacturing checks while being a real problem is basically laughable . 
  made sure i bought a gigabyte board , just to be safe . 
  wattman should really help to keep all of this under control . 
  the 390 has no hdmi 2.0 , fwiw . 
  this and general driver/etc longevity is what clinched the new model for me . 
  i do n't overclock anyway . 
   now you 're just being pedantic . 
  [ ... ] it 's irrelevant . 
  that 's total bullshit . 
  we 're talking about assessing whether this single line is truthful or not . 
  i do n't agree with the tone of either of you two , but that is * clearly * not pedantry . 
  it 's a big difference . 
  as someone who is currently writing this on an rx480x with no possible way of knowing whether the card is running with in spec , i may know it 's certified right now ... what i do n't know is whether it 's operating withing pci-e specifications . 
  fortunately i do n't care about this rig ( i5 750 ) , but if i did ... 
  i would not have plugged this thing in . 
  sigh . 
  time for another hung parliament . 
  loved costello 's response to this on ch9 ... `` not surprised . 
  this is the bloke who took his son to the milk bar to get him a pie ... * before * footy training . '', 
  7-eleven social media team : 1, 
  ubuntu server lts is an easy starter os if you do n't know much about linux and sysadmin . 
  plenty of guidance on getting it working . 
  i know some will suggest a hypervisor such as esxi , but i think you * may * find the concepts and required knowledge to get that working a bit tricky to deal with to get started ( e.g. 
  configuring virtual network switch , etc ) . 
  ubuntu server lts can be configured to run vms using kvm later on , and a single non-virtualized server is a great starting point . 
  of course , you could install esxi and install ubuntu as a virtual machine on that , if you like ... 
  but if you ca n't get that working , just start with ubuntu . 
  if you 're just looking to experiment with linux for the moment , you could start experimenting in the cloud for free . 
  [ amazon aws ] ( https://aws.amazon.com/free/ ) offers 1 year free for one micro-server and some basic infrastructure . 
  or you could create an ubuntu bootable usb key ... or use http://virtualbox.org to create a virtual machine on your everyday pc/mac/xyz , then install linux on that . 
  you can migrate those machines to your server later if you like . 
  that 'll be a bunch of them . 
  the rest are just miffed that abbott ( who was basically their man ) was knifed , and they 're out voting further to the right because they 've decided that the liberals do n't represent them anymore . 
  the uae is the most western-friendly and international gulf state . 
  dubai is massive international trade city , with a global population . 
  this is not some backwards desert dictatorship ... 
  the uae even has a space programme . 
  there are as many people wearing suits as wearing thawbs there . 
  there are shops in the malls so racy that they made me ( an australian ) blush . 
  it 's not a perfect country by any means , but it 's not some backwater . 
  this is practical advice , not a smear . 
  if you do n't believe me and you live in the usa , try wearing a thawb for a day and see what sort of reaction you get . 
   they 've been waiting for her or someone like her to come back all these years . 
  but she never went anywhere ? 
  she 's run 10 times ... 
  i think the biggest change in her is that she changed her primary policy thrust from pro-white to anti-islam . 
  but i think the larger factor is the anti-turnbull vote . 
  pretty much any of these ( free shipping on all ) http://www.gearbest.com/computer-peripherals-c_11905/, 
  zoho docs is open ? 
  what happens when they just open the application ? 
  where ? 
  i think you mean swift and shift . 
  youtube - linus tech tips , eli the computer guy, 
  podcasts - reply all , twit.tv network ( in rapid decline unfortunately ), 
  tbh progress and interesting things in the tech industry have slowed to a crawl since all the harvard/princeton graduates and the children of the monied elites turned up ( after having destroyed the it industry in 2000 , trade , war , and wall street between 02-10 , they 're now back in silicon valley for a second round ) . 
  until the next purge of the fatuous dreams of the ill-educated , it 's going to be all bluster and bullshit for the next few years .
