  australian-born muslim here , my father is a white convert , a scot with lineage dating back to the 1000s . 
  how can integration be a problem when islam is to christianity as christianity is to judaism ? 
  it 's just the latest version of christianity , it comes from the same place and has basically the same ideals at its heart . 
  islam is the world 's largest and fastest growing religious tradition , and a lot of that is conversion . 
  australia has one of the world 's largest muslim populations right above it ( indonesia ) , and that country is doing ok ... you guys are closer to those people than me ( in melbourne ) . 
  i suggest reading the wikipedia page on islam . 
  although it 's still written from a non-muslim pov , it 's probably way less biased than his sources ( there is a lot of misinformation online ) and way more interesting . 
  suggest fighting his misconceptions with real facts : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam / https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpcbfxtdoi8, 
  also for people who insist wars are caused by religion ( specifically islam ) , always good to point them at this for some perspective : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_and_anthropogenic_disasters_by_death_toll, 
  if you want to understand what muslims believe , then there are plenty of mainstream introductions in the side-bar . 
  i would also say that we have what we believe to be a miracle in the qur ` an in arabic recitation - the literal word of god , unmodified for 1400 years . 
  qur ` an is only a small book , and only needs to be heard to touch the heart , if the heart is open to it . 
  you can listen at http://quran.com by pressing the play button - i recommend starting by listening to [ chapter ( surah ) 1 ] ( http://quran.com/1 ) ( the most important surah - our `` lord 's prayer '' ) , and then making your way to [ surah 96 ] ( http://quran.com/96 ) ( first revelation ) , and listening from there until 114 . 
  you can read along with the translation if you like , but i would recommend just listening at first . 
  there is also an old movie called `` the message '' which outlines the story of our prophet ( saws ) if you 're interested in understanding our earliest history . 
  muslim here : here 's a suggestion , how about the rightful rulers of that land , placed there by the prophet himself , who ruled that land until the 1920s - the hashemites ? 
  the universally respected king of jordan and/or his associates - reinstate the sharif of makkah https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharif_of_mecca, 
  `` be conscious of allah wherever you are . 
  follow the bad deed with a good one to erase it , and engage others with beautiful character . '', 
  we also have `` turn the other cheek '' ( luke 6:29 ) . 
  the vast majority consider the bible to be a useful secondary source text , we do understand that it is not all corruption and we benefit from the wisdom in it . 
  our religion is not limited to one book . 
  you 'll find , for example , that muslims practice luke 6:30 more than most other peoples . 
  pray with sincerity , patience , and regularity - for guidance to the truth . 
  try all methods from all religions you 've learned from as long as they do n't ascribe partners to allah swt , but do it with pure intention to be guided to ultimate truth . 
  in islamic prayer i 'd recommend including quran 109 , 112 , 113 , and/or 114 . 
  also just recommend listening to qur ` an with an open heart , especially in order of revelation . 
  tell that to israel . 
  look , you 're talking about a holy land here , there is * no * way there 's going to be a secular government there . 
  muslims will not allow it . 
  * you * may want secular government . 
  so have it for yourself . 
  but do n't go all imperial on us . 
  we have a right to self-determination . 
  i am giving you a solution that has popular support . 
  if you insist on trying to impose governments without popular support , then you will continue to create `` beautiful beacons of democracy '' like the governments of iraq , afghanistan , egypt , and the gulf . 
  it 's time to remove the powers you 've placed there , and allow self-determination to rebuild the region . 
  the * only * people who have legitimate claim to rule that land in the eyes of muslims are the hashemites . 
  they run modern constitutional monarchies , with parliaments . 
  if you have a problem with that , go ` fix it ' in the uk first . 
  the king of jordan is an exemplary modern world leader . 
  you do n't have to believe me , just look him up and see for yourself . 
  neither do i , but i do care about what our prophet ( pbuh ) said , as do 1.6 billion other muslims - all of whom consider his life and his actions to be a template for perfection of character and devotion . 
  the meaning is that we are * all * designed to be god 's viceregent on earth . 
  it has nothing to do with governance . 
  you should look up the traditional arabic meaning of calipha . 
  do n't spread his ignorance , and pray for him , or if you 're non-religious , meditate . 
  thanks for taking an interest . 
  it looks like people have already given you links to what you requested . 
  it would mean a lot if you listened to the parallel arabic/english , as the arabic has meaning for the heart - you do n't have to understand the words to understand the beauty of the poetry . 
  if you were to do this , i would recommend starting at surah 1 , 96 , and then 68 to 114 . 
  these chapters are the ones which really touch the heart and have the most mystical aspect to them . 
  from the point of view of a non-muslim trying to get some introduction , it might make more sense to start with ** yusuf estes ** , as the above mentioned are * very * detailed . 
   have we not expanded your breast for you ( oh muhammed ) , and removed the burden which weighed on your back . 
  and we raised your remembrance . 
  surely , with every hardship comes ease . 
  undoubtedly , with every hardship comes ease . 
  so when you are done with your work , stand for worship , and direct your longing to your sustainer . 
  the beauty of the arabic is incredibly calming , and has got me through some hard times . 
  i do n't speak arabic at all . 
  i have played those bits of qur ` an to christians and believers in other faiths and they have told me that they feel something in their hearts when they hear it , one listens to it regularly when she ca n't sleep or is stressed out , although like me she does n't understand arabic at all . 
  it does n't work for everyone , but all i can do is say [ listen ] ( http://quran.com/96 ) and hear it . 
  i find that sort of hypothesising to be condescending . 
  if you tried it and do n't agree , share your experience . 
  if you do n't have any experience , either get some , or accept your own ignorance of the experience . 
  please do n't assume we 're all fools just because you 've come to different conclusions about the nature of reality . 
  it may well be that some religion somewhere is right , and you dismiss it because of this attitude about faith and people - if you 're a genuine seeker of the truth , then you owe it to yourself to be attentive in that pursuit . 
  if you 're not interested in spiritual experiences , then at least examine your own intent in studying our religion . 
  the qur ` an is the perfectly preserved poetry of god . 
  these are perfect words , the intricacy of the language is not even understood by those who speak arabic . 
  the reason people mix up arab and islam is that if you understand arabic and hear qur ` an with an even slightly open heart , it is undeniable . 
  it makes shakespeare sound like an amateur fan-fiction writer , even when talking about tax law . 
  most muslims are not arab and do n't understand arabic , but they do understand qur ` an . 
  all i 'm suggesting is to experiment listening to it uninterrupted by translation . 
  it seems to me it would n't be a big deal , i 'm literally suggesting less than 5 minutes of listening to something nearly a quarter of the earth 's population reveres as the word of god . 
  just to see if you feel something in the heart , and want to listen to more . 
  our religion has an intellectual basis , but it extends also to the heart . 
  if you 're really interested in understanding us , going beyond intellectual understanding alone can be very helpful . 
  get your mind on allah and off dunya . 
  do dhikr . 
  we are in this life to be witnesses to allah , and to find and follow his path . 
  we 're not here to gain social standing or make friends . 
  do n't worry about what others do - bear witness that allah is ultimately in control . 
  focus on your awareness of this . 
  once you 've done that , the path for your action will grab you , like a firm hand on your shoulder - a clear instruction . 
  follow that fearlessly , and continue to witness . 
  you realise you 're in / r/islam right ? 
  advising to violence . 
  this is definitely not sunnah . 
  i am absolutely sure about that . 
  look at the incident of the death of the prophet 's second son abdullah , and how his uncle abu lahab treated him . 
  is that not more of an insult than this ? 
  do n't confuse insult to ego with shirk . 
  if you find someone insulting your ego offensive , then you may be committing shirk yourself . 
  if you are abd , what does it matter if one of allah 's creatures calls you names ? 
  it 's not a belief taken seriously because qur ` an itself advises against quranism ; but it is a point of view sometimes held by some uninformed muslims , including myself when i first got interested in my religion and started reading qur ` an . 
  it was a helpful point of view to have at the time , because it allowed me to question some cultural elements in my religion which were not accurate and were actually holding me back from taking islam seriously . 
  i could n't do the story justice , but i suggest looking at a tafsir of sura kauthar . 
  i recently heard the [ podcast version here ] ( http://podcast.bayyinah.com/?s=kauthar ) , which was great . 
  long story short , abu lahab took advantage of the death of our prophet 's ( saws ) second son to boastfully make fun of the prophet for not having a lineage - the man laughed in our prophet 's face at the death of his child .
