  if you 're reading a translation , you 're relying on scholarly interpretation . 
  if you 're reading tafseer or seerah , you 're relying on scholarly interpretation , and if you 're not doing those things , then i doubt you 'll get a clear understanding of islam . 
  this `` i 'm doing it by myself approach '' is the problem you 're having , remember ? 
  allah has made our religion easy , but you must understand that it is possible for you to make it difficult for yourself , if you insist on it ... and if you insist on * yourself * . 
  wisdom is passed down in ways beyond hadith and qur ` an . 
  our prophet himself , on allah 's command , * started * the scholarly tradition in islam as part of our religion . 
  he trained the first scholars ( sahaba ) and housed the first fakirs/sufis ( ahl as suffa ) . 
  to ignore these traditions would be an act which has no basis in qur ` an and sunnah . 
  rumi was probably the most respected scholar of his age , and nobody really has disagreed with much of what he said . 
  there is some controversy over what his followers started to do , but there is n't really any controversy over him ( except among some very modern fundamentalist fringes ) . 
  his work is not scholarly , it 's very much poetic , and i would hazard to say that apart from qur ` an and books of hadith , his masnavi is probably one of the most cited books ever when it comes to understanding islam and spiritual growth generally . 
  i do n't disagree with the idea that it is important to have a strong understanding of qur ` an and sunnah . 
  i am just trying to help with the problem you say you 're having . 
  it is a pretty common problem . 
  rumi is n't the only one who talks about it , if you trust others , you should seek out their talks about it ... ( e.g. 
  [ nouman ali khan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtjwtmjboke ) ) but you should n't fear ladders . 
  fear allah , and recognize that life is short , and so we all need to help each-other in our deen . 
  the yakuza might have something different to say about that ... 
  the japanese are masters of generating facades to make westerners happy with them , while in reality they carry on with their own ways . 
  [ keiretsu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/keiretsu ) / zaibatsu are a great example of this in action , and are merely the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the * real * japanese power structure . 
  well , that 's probably where we differ . 
  i do n't think what you did was improper , and i do n't think what she did was improper ... 
  i think she was trying to prompt exactly this sort of dialogue , and i think this sort of dialogue is a good thing because it encourages peace , understanding , and mutual respect . 
  i am a white muslim , son of a convert , and i love interacting with my white christian friends . 
  we believe in the same god , and we have the same basic principles . 
  the sorts of disagreements we have are no larger than the sorts of disagreements that christians have with each-other , we are so similar you could frankly basically consider us another type of christian - like mormons , orthodox christians , messianic jews , or something . 
  we tend to be pretty devout , but i do n't see that as a problem especially in america . 
  when it comes to immigrants , obviously they bring their own cultures with them , and immigration requires assimilation . 
  there is a problem in that they tend to mix in the practice of their religion with the practice of their ( often barbaric ) cultures . 
  this is something we can tackle without assuming that the religion is the actual problem , because i can tell you from my own personal experience , there is nothing really fundamentally problematic about this religion itself . 
  the ideology is not the problem , the misconceptions , localised cultural practices , and the political problems are . 
  after 9/11 was really just a lot of flag waving , obviously it 's getting worse over time ... 
  you seem to have some very strange ideas about tasawuuf . 
  tasawuuf is a key part of islam . 
  the naqshbandi are about as mainstream turuq as you can get . 
  yes , there are some different practices out there , there are many different groups and i 'm sure there 's some weird stuff said in masjid halaqas too . 
  to dismiss them * all * in the way that you are doing is * itself * not islamic . 
  what you 're doing is an egocentric `` i know better '' approach - this is not the way to practice islam . 
  rumi is not in * any * way controversial , he is basic reading . 
  like i said , he was the most respected scholar of his age . 
  al-ghazali also engaged in significant works related to tasawuuf . 
  neither are making up anything , they merely explain the inner dimensions of the religion . 
  i 'd challenge you to find any mainstream elder scholar who has condemned either rumi or tasawuuf . 
  rumi is definitely recommended reading by prominent sheikhs like [ hamza yusuf ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ha2_wrzyjo ) . 
  yes nak , qadhi and green are daa'ihs , and their focus is rightly on shariah as they call to islam , but they 'd never tell you that that is * all * of the religion . 
  there is imaan , and shariah is an important foundation , but foundations exist to be built on . 
  to suggest any of this is controversial is completely against the vast majority of mainstream islamic opinion , sunni or shia . 
  the way you are talking about `` sufism '' is actually a recent orientalist invention . 
  there is no real division , all of this is just a part of islam and always has been . 
  you 've said yourself that you 'd like to learn from me . 
  to have this hard-line attitude with people who you consider to have knowledge ? 
  this is * very * dangerous . 
  the prophet rebuked people who acted this way . 
  look at the assumptions you 've made about me , with no knowledge . 
  i even linked you to a video from nak who you know and trust , and yet still somehow it has n't opened you up to see how you 're behaving ... 
  if this continues , you will find yourself coming up against problems in your islam . 
  there is absolutely no point in a barren foundation , even if it 's well layed . 
  if you do n't seek the divine , why would you even bother with the religion ? 
  one needs to feel it . 
  if you entered into islam for intentions of social acceptance , because of some political grievance , because of discrimination or some desire for knowledge of practice , and not to * get to know and understand and ultimately __ serve your creator __ * , then the time has come for you to take a step back now , and look at your intentions . 
  intentions are everything in islam . 
  refocus your intention . 
  shift it from ` islam the religion ' , to allah , your creator . 
  making him pleased with you . 
  understanding how . 
  do you really think citations , laws , fatwahs - these are really everything you need to help you in this quest ? 
  if so , i fear you may have managed to read the noble qur ` an and sunnah without understanding its message at all . 
  to suggest rumi makes a mockery of islam is ignorant , has no basis , and disrespectful towards hundreds of millions of muslims . 
  your tone has become disrespectful as your ego seeks to discredit me , because it fears a resolution to your problem . 
  i 'd suggest you stop attending those halaqas if you 're going to use them in this manner , as you will have no benefit from them if you use them in the way you just have . 
  that much should have been obvious from the nak video i linked to earlier ... 
   you 've claimed that my approach to learn the basics of my religion from its 2 most prominent and authoritative sources is me being egocentric . 
  where ? 
  i claimed your dismissal of everything else is egocentric . 
   i 'd like to advise you from what i have learned from you . 
  did i ask for it ? 
  do you really imagine i do n't already know what you 're telling me ? 
  why would you ask me for advice if you think so lowly of me ? 
   yasir qadhi 's rank is not that of a da'ih , he is a scholar . 
  yup , i know he 's also a scholar . 
  he 's a good one , too , if a bit young . 
  qadhi and yusuf have similar ranks . 
  i would point this is an error you made initially . 
  did n't see any reason to argue , as he is a daa'ih . 
   i 'm not dismissing sufi'ism just some practices i have seen . 
  and who put you in a position to dismiss other people 's faith like this ? 
  are n't you supposed to make 70 excuses for your brothers and sisters ? 
  you ca n't spare a few ? 
   i see sufi'ism as only one branch of a what it means to be a muslim . 
  as i said , so do sufis . 
  the concept of ` sufism ' even has an english suffix in it ... 
  sigh . 
   i feel that you could have been more supportive in my quest of seeking islam from the authentic traditions, 
  as i said before ... 
  i am not supportive of * anyone * who rejects guidance to allah on a personal quest to seek islam for the sake of islam . 
  the goal must be to seek allah , through the wisdom and rahma of the diverse practice of islam . 
  the idea of seeking the practice of islam itself ? 
  this is a very severe , and very dangerous form of misguidance . 
  this is the path of hypocrisy , and this is the path to a barren foundation . 
  seek allah .
