  yet our prophet did n't punch him , did n't attack him , in fact he was always respectful to his enemies . 
  this surah was revealed to him to console him and to ease his grief . 
  the seerah is full of stories of his compassion to enemies who are way more offensive than anything we deal with today . 
  the man who urinated in the masjid is another of many examples . 
  nah , just stock rom . 
  nah , led is red . 
  should be working . 
  i have a usb voltmeter ( like [ this ] ( http://www.amazon.com/abovetek%c2%ae-usb-voltage-current-multimeter/dp/b00icr1ub6 ) ) and can confirm it works with my tronsmart qc 2.0 charger . 
  check ` settings  battery & power saving  battery usage ' for estimated charge time to confirm , also make sure you use a high quality cable . 
  note that to avoid damaging the battery , the charge slows down once you hit around 60-70 % . 
  they do n't . 
  this one is drunk . 
  yup . 
  jesus was a semitic man with a beard , wearing long flowing robe and sandals , who used to salute people by saying `` salem aleichem '' ( aramaic for `` peace be unto you '' ) , he prayed with his [ face on the ground ] ( https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=matthew+26:39 ) , and his mother wore a headscarf . 
  if you walked past either him or his mother on the street today , you 'd think they were muslims . 
  they also like to talk about themselves in the third person . 
  dude , you just described an issue that probably applies to 90 % of your users . 
  except they probably type less . 
  computers make it incredibly easy to lose all sense of perspective . 
  i 'd say even a small biz should have 2 levels of credential management : some cloud-hosted thing like lastpass containing logins for driver download websites , software reg keys , privileged users , and the like , and an air-gapped netbook running keepass for your core secrets : certs , secret q/as , core admin passwords . 
  netbook should be kept offline and on an encyrypted ssd with a locked bios , ideally with a weird os , and backed up ` often enough ' . 
   basically - you should be ashamed and need to grow up . 
  one of the key insights in islamic mysticism ( sufism ) , as well as buddhism , christian monastic tradition , and basically all world religions - is that * you reflect yourself in other people . 
  if you have either a criticism or a compliment - whether it be of an individual or a quarter of the earth 's population , it probably applies more to * you * than it does to * them * . 
  if you 're relying on dawkins for a level-headed discussion on religion , again , that says more about you than it does about religion . 
  to find one weird point about an otherwise modern society and use that to dismiss a society - that 's what the islamic extremists do . 
  do you really think i could n't find some weird practice to criticise australia with if i had a different cultural frame ? 
  even if we 're just talking about women in the military ... are you familiar with our current ( quite serious ) problems on that issue in particular ? 
  i 'd bet a decent chuck of / r/australia has actually been to malaysia or indonesia and seen it for themselves . 
  many may actually be migrants from those countries . 
  have you actually seen it ? 
  or are you just trying to justify your hatred by citing people who sell enablement of hatred ? 
  a reasoned and well-cited debate definitely does n't sound like this . 
  people and nations are not children to be spoken down to . 
  this ` angrily telling societies what to do ' business has a name and a history associated with it ... 
  but more to the point , if you want a fact-based debate , then start with conversation , not opinions . 
   that [ is so ] . 
  and whoever responds [ to injustice ] with the equivalent of that with which he was harmed and then is tyrannized - allah will surely aid him . 
  indeed , allah is pardoning and forgiving . 
  please do n't quote partially brother . 
  the answer is in the full ayah . 
  clearly it is allowed , but not encouraged . 
  the best immunisation against bullshit is general knowledge . 
  so spread general knowledge of the religion instead of arguing against misinformation . 
  ignore the bs , or even accept that it may be so for the purposes of your discussion - just get past it , and carry on talking about the reality of the religion . 
  this is the sort of advice given to politicians and media advisers - talk past the question , and get the message of a basic level of knowledge out there . 
  for example : ( bla bla bla misinformation ) oh ok , that 's interesting that you know that . 
  here 's what i know . 
  it really is nearly the same religion as christianity . 
  arabic-speaking christians pray to allah , and the word in aramaic for god was allah [ ] ( / swt ) . 
  jesus [ ] ( / pbuh ) used to say `` salem aleichem '' ( peace be to you ) , wear white flowing robes , he used to pray with his head to the floor , and his mother wore a headscarf . 
  mary has a chapter in the qur ` an . 
  islam says it 's a continuation of the same religion , they have a day of judgement and a gabriel and everything . 
  there 's more than a billion people who believe in it . 
  what do you think of that ? 
  btw i never heard of ali dawah but islamic preachers do n't dispute amongst each-other much , so most likely he is ok . you might find yusuf estes , hamza yusuf , nouman ali khan , or the deen show good starting points . 
  there are plenty of resources in the side-bar . 
  thank you for your interest . 
  peace . 
  welcome to our community . 
  thank you for your interest , may god reward it and fulfil it and expand your knowledge and guide you to the truth . 
  i 'm no theologan so ca n't be much help , but i would suggest having a quick browse of the resources in the sidebar , as while they are introductory , some may be interesting to you . 
  broadly speaking my understanding is that the sort of theological differences that exist in christianity are not emphasised as much in islam , as our differences tend to be over different things , and the broader definitions in islam are more widely agreed upon . 
  the areas of emphasis and the landscape of our theological study are therefore going to be somewhat different . 
  i wish you the best in your studies and hope you find them fulfilling . 
  also , mammoths . 
  because allah sees and knows all , even the things that you do n't know , confession is not the main point . 
  the main thing is ` tawbah ' , which loosely translated is ` turning away ' . 
  to repent , you ask for forgiveness and then do n't repeat the act . 
  dua ( supplication , asking god ) does not have to be done in arabic , and can be done after the usual arabic prayers in whatever language you speak best . 
  allah knows all and obviously knows all languages , the reason we use arabic to pray is that he gave us particular prayers in arabic , but he speaks every language and knows what is in your heart , so do n't worry - just let your actions and your words be sincere , 
  have a look at ionic framework , xaramin , and kody . 
  swift ? 
   he said he would leave me if i became muslim, 
  if he thinks about you in this way , then does he truly love you ? 
  does he truly respect you as a person ? 
  can someone who truly loves and admires and elevates another person * really * think like this about them ? 
  this is a complete lack of respect for you , your independence , and your integrity . 
  i hope he has a good think about what he 's saying , because clearly there is a major problem with * any * relationship where something like this could be said over any issue . 
  with regards to the lifestyle changes , do n't try to do them out of an attempt to fit in , or out of fear - that is not sustainable because it is not real . 
  do them when you feel * real * commitment and love for allah , so much so that they seem like almost trivial commitments . 
  coming to islam does take time , if you rush it , it can be insincere . 
  read/hear qur ` an , learn , and have that islam and imaan in your heart . 
  do n't scheme , ask allah . 
  that will give you the strength . 
  with regards to the advice of others saying `` make arrangements if he leaves you '' , the arrangement you should make is to put your faith and trust in allah , keep your eyes and heart open , and keep yourself centred and on the path of truth . 
  if allah has called you to islam , whatever happens is his will . 
  so , take whatever benefit you can from it , and be thankful that you have been selected for this difficult path - the rewards are beyond imagining . 
  tu vuo fa l'americano, 
  icelandic rap is also pretty funny . 
  if that 's the case , why did n't anyone ask her to just sit down ? 
  she complied with whatever she was requested to do . 
  why do people imagine that the transition to democracy should be instantaneous , when it is not even their own history ? 
  people should read their own histories ... 
  it takes generations of limited democracy for it to become mature enough to be a sole governing principle . 
  these things ca n't be enforced overnight . 
  the uk * had * a parliament when the us revolution happened ... and you 're talking about a region which has thousands of years of history of * not * being a democracy , do you really expect them to start off full speed ? 
  even france had napoleon . 
  what you see in others may also be in yourself . 
  be patient with people .
