  respond to what is bad with what is good . 
  i 'm sorry about the tone you 've received from our community , but you must understand that from our perspective , this is n't reasonable . 
  western culture has * become * the de-facto global culture . 
  in china , they 're building replicas of paris , rome , and london . 
  the release of hollywood movies literally create queues in africa . 
  there are trains in japan ( the hermit kingdom ) designed to look like american cartoons . 
  the chinese seem to make more of an effort on christmas than the americans do . 
  i watched star trek in dubai , i 've never seen a dubai film in us cinemas . 
  it seems kind of silly to suggest that western culture is on the * decline * , although if you 're suggesting it 's lost integrity to corruption then i agree - but that 's more a matter of western culture loosing coherence and shared faith . 
  with regard to the white race , i can only respond with what our prophet taught ( and indeed was the first in history to ever teach ) : there is no difference in the eyes of god between a black man and a white man , each has a soul , and each is equally capable . 
  different people and cultures excel in different things , and this is so we can learn from each-other . 
  while islam has affirmed evolution from earliest days , we do believe in the equal value all of people , under the law , and under god . 
  we also believe in diversity . 
  as the son of a white convert who had 4 kids , i wonder whether i am more likely to have more children than you or not ... 
  it would be interesting to see the statistics . 
  the qur ` an certainly affirms that godless societies decline quickly in population , and this is evident in the current state of europe . 
  i do think it is important for cultures to learn from each-other . 
  western culture has a lot to teach the rest of the world , and the rest of the world has a lot to teach western culture . 
  muslims certainly need to go back to its roots of learning from other cultures and focusing on personal growth , and veer strongly away from ` islamofacism ' - i.e. 
  this impulse to tell others what to do/think/believe , and i hope the muslims and the europeans can look past bigotry and learn from the good parts of each-other . 
  certainly european culture has problems such as low birth rates which muslims do n't have , and muslims have problems such as intolerance which europeans do n't have , and problems with corruption and integrity which both sides have - i see no reason why a bit of cultural exchange could n't benefit everyone . 
  all i can say is that i hope you meet some real muslims who change your opinion about this religion . 
  it seems to me perfectly reasonable that you would think this way about muslims judging by the news reports , but please keep in mind that there are treacherous people in the media whose interest is in creating wars , fear , and conflicts . 
  if you were to understand the extent to which the entire current situation is prophecised in our 1400 year old texts ( even down to the name and description ( and a condemnation ) of ` daesh ' , and criticisms of the tv media ) , it might explain to you why our position is how it is - we 're attempting to follow instructions from on high here , and they 're not easy . 
  brother , if you 're going to dismiss those people like that , they * will * destroy you , and you will probably deserve it . 
  ignorance needs da ` wah , not dismissal . 
  i would suggest that first , you must respect your parents ' wishes . 
  i know it 's hard , but it is necessary to respect your parents concern for you , even if it is imagined . 
  they may be misinformed , but they are forbidding things out of care for you . 
  your muslim friends should understand the need to keep your contact limited and a bit secret , just so your parents do n't freak out . 
  second , i suggest you learn about islam so that you can challenge misinformation that you hear and have a very respectful , informed , and accurate discussion - when the opportunity arrives to do so . 
  hopefully in time , they will change their way of thinking . 
  i 'd suggest looking in our sidebar or reading wikipedia for information . 
  even just understanding the [ demographics and basic history ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpcbfxtdoi8 ) can be really helpful in fighting ignorance and humanizing people . 
  if you miss your friends , you can also discuss that with them honestly - it also helps to humanize them . 
  maybe they can also tell you their experiences that led to this advice ... 
  i would n't want your friendship with anyone to destroy trust between parent and child . 
  friends come and go , but that relationship is permanent , and you are indebted to them in ways you ca n't imagine - so be honest with them if you can . 
  if you 're a believer in god ( or even if you 're not sure ) , i would suggest also praying directly to god , for your family to be guided towards truth and understanding and pleasing god in the way that he likes best . 
  no problem , it is easy to say , very difficult to do !, 
  i struggle with it too ... what i do is to try to take the ` i ' out of it , and call on al-haleem to dress you in that attribute , and practice sabr . 
  allah 's mercy encompasses his anger , and we can only ask for that too . 
  personally , i seek refuge in allah and call on his incredible attributes through dhikr . 
  i repeat : `` ya-haleem '' , and salawat , and qur ` an ( [ 4 quls ] ( https://islamicknowledge2all.wordpress.com/2012/02/19/four-qul/ ) ) , and remember allah [ ] ( / swt ) and the day of judgement , and be careful that i do n't cause people to bear witness against me . 
  w'salaam , sorry about that . 
  i 'm always fiddling with my posts : s, 
  i learned all this from the naqshbandi tariqat , who if you 're interested tend to put a lot of video content here : http://sufilive.com and http://saltanat.org, 
  i was instructed to repeat 100 times ya-haleem while facing the kaaba , and added the other bits myself depending on the situation and what seems appropriate . 
  i do this , but i also sometimes recite ya-haleem in-situ when i feel anger , until i feel relaxed . 
  i do n't count . 
  i seek to witness myself receiving that blessing , and when i feel i have had enough , then i stop and i am grateful so i do some salawat . 
  sometimes it has taken me weeks to fix my errors , sometimes it can be a second or two of intention , and sometimes i find myself doing it prior to entering stressful situations . 
  the salawat is just `` allahumma salli ` ala muhammadin wa ` ala aali muhammadin wa sallim . 
  '' , suggested by grand sheikh daghestani . 
  edit : to respond to your edit , seperating the ` i ' , seperating the ego - read rumi . 
  in english , the penguin translation `` spiritual verses '' , of masnavi book 1 and audiobook of same name are excellent . 
  also , i did n't respond because formulating a good response is tricky . 
  i mean , she sort of did have an agenda , but it was just to demonstrate something , it was sort of a social experiment to test what a trump presidency might be like , and the results were pretty scary ... 
  i 'm glad she had the courage to do it . 
  insha'allah i 'd like to visit the us before jan 20 , 2017 . 
  i have some friends in silicon valley i 'd like to meet at hq at least once , and i want to see zaytuna college . 
  salaam alaikum , may allah reward you and guide you . 
  i 'd say it 's the best one i 've read ... well chosen !, 
  but i would also suggest downloading the iquran app or going to http://quran.com , and ` listening along ' reading the english whilst hearing the arabic . 
  the rhythmic poetry of the arabic is stunning , and the translation helps you appreciate it . 
  if you struggle with the length of al-baraqah ( ch 2 ) , i would suggest skipping 2-67 , reading surah ( chapter ) 96 , then 68 to 114 , and then reading 2-67 * later * . 
  this is a common method of reading qur ` an for the first time . 
  it eases getting used to qur ` anic rhertoric , partially because it 's close to order of revelation . 
  it introduces things like ring composition and trilateral roots in digestible ways , and the later and smaller chapters are the ones that many muslims have memorised for prayers ( although a decent amount have memorised the whole book ) . 
  if your translation contains tafseer ( per-surah context ) , then strongly advise reading those too . 
  alhamdullilah , i 'm glad i could answer . 
  the description ` sufi ' basically means ` soft ' , and is bestowed upon the successful murid ( student ) by those that observe and are inspired by the softness and truth of that person 's islam . 
  we should all aspire to be considered as beacons of islam in our own way . 
  insha'allah we are all students of allah 's path . 
  i really would recommend rumi for a better understanding of this journey . 
  each of our journeys may start out differently , and our contributions are different , but insha'allah they all are for the same goal . 
  rumi 's story of the physician and the king is instructive when it comes to this ... 
  i think reading the masnavi is basically a must when it comes to this sort of stuff . 
  edit : everything . 
  agreed . 
  qur ` an and sunnah are not just the bedrock of our religion , but they are so profound , you can spend a lifetime trying to understand even one line of al-fatihah . 
  there are levels upon levels of understanding , so to seek the perspective of others is valuable in our own growth . 
  we must not allow our ego to block us off from learning from the experience of others , and we must assume that there are those of us who are far better in our islam than we are . 
  the reason i bring up rumi is that he is particularly expressive with his understandings in * particular * on the difficulty you mention , the elimination of the ' i am ' , the ego . 
  his analogies furthered my understanding of qur ` an and sunnah , and in particular al-fatihah , understanding of which is basically the key to the problem you 've identitifed . 
  insha'allah you will find your way one way or another , but the ego is a difficult beast to tame , the key is to seek help , and seek refuge in allah . 
  edit : btw in particular i find this one parable coming to mind ... 
  i hope you do n't mind me sharing it . 
   * the beloved *, 
   one went to the door of the beloved and knocked . 
   a voice asked : ` who is there ? ', 
  he answered : ` it is i. ', 
   the voice said : ` there is no room here for both of us . ', 
   the door remained shut . 
   after a year of solitude and deprivation, 
   this man returned to the door of the beloved . 
   he knocked . 
   a voice from within asked : ` who is there ? ', 
   the man said : ` it is thou . ', 
   the door was opened for him .
