   i 'm not sure if you do n't support this endevour or you think it 's a waste of time . 
  `` verily '' , i questioned your intention in doing so , if you are still carrying out conversations with people you respect in this way . 
  if you talk with so little sincerity that you can turn around and attack someone like this , and then blame * them * , using islamic words as conversational weapons . 
  you had to ask me three times to even engage in this conversation . 
  that may give you some idea of what i think is a waste of time . 
  may allah forgive me for my own hesitance . 
   may al-haleem allow us to not seek guidance that is the best . 
  please reconsider this du'a . 
  may allah increase in you your love for him , so that your own actions contain taqwah and adab , and may your sincerity serve you in serving him , and not his deen . 
  allah does n't need his deen . 
  we are in need of it , for the sake of pleasing him . 
  which of us are not fakirs when it comes to him . 
  may we both be pleasing to him insha'allah . 
  what a beautiful response ~ ~ sister . ~ ~ brother . 
   i wanted to also understand your thoughts on certain things that some sufis practice and say . 
  i was fairly surprised to not find your take on these questions . 
  how am i to understand these things with out asking the brother who associates with the group . 
  if that is the case , then these are my thoughts . 
  what are thoughts , if not distractions ? 
  allah is one . 
  this deen is under the protection of allah . 
  the sufis have taught me many valuable things by their examples and their words , as have the daa'ihs , and the scholars , and you too . 
  i do n't understand the wisdom in all of them , but all of these are allah 's creations , and they are all serving him , and i seek the elements that serve him to overwhelm me . 
  love is overwhelming , not balanced , but longing . 
  when anything is done or said in contradiction to qur ` an and sunnah , by the mercy of allah it hurts my heart and i feel an urge to turn away from it . 
  the sole source of these incidents is shaytan ar rajeem , and he interferes with all faith , and interferes with people of faith , may allah curse him and continue to protect us . 
  i trust in allah to protect me from misguidance , and learn from all muslims and do n't discriminate against anyone . 
  i only discriminated against those who discriminate , and even then now i realize that those people are also a part of fulfilling this deen . 
  i found your questions to be insulting to me . 
  you brought out my ego and attacked it . 
  thank you for this . 
  i apologize for what was hurtful or ignorant in my responses . 
  whoops sorry , you mentioned hijab ( i think ? ), 
  so i just assumed ... 
   i found it troubling that a muslim would denounce an intrinsic part of islam , the external and law , in order to just talk about love ( internal ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're supposed to find it troubling . 
  the point of the poetry is to provoke that sort of thought , and to remind you that sharia is a means to an end . 
  obedience is fine , but it is only enough to get by . 
  he 's talking about ` the wine of love ' , i think - he 's saying that when you are truly in love with allah , your actions become automatic . 
  it 's a sort of shadowing of the story of khidr - http://quran.com/18/65-82 i think the problem you may be having is that sufis assume competence in sharia , and you 're assuming they do n't . 
  with regards to the rest ( and actually even that new point ) , i have already answered these questions in the previous post . 
  it is not our place to judge these things , and it 's allah 's role to protect this deen , not yours . 
  if you take that role and start judging , then you are assigning yourself as a partner with allah . 
  islam does n't leave room for this sort of discussion . 
  you must accept every muslim as a sincere muslim without question . 
  including your qur ` an teacher , and including me . 
  there are tariqat , and they are a source of wisdom that hundreds of millions of muslims subscribe to . 
  if it 's not for you then alhamdulillah , but to criticize and talk like this is not good . 
  it is absolutely not our place to judge each-other like this , it is not our place to concern ourselves with the inner state of others . 
  that is how we obliterate these labels ` sufi ' , ` shia ' , ` sunni ' , ` salafi ' etc. 
  how can you talk about eliminating labels when using them yourself to put down others ? 
  i looked through your post history and discovered i think that they are indians , right ? 
  racism is unfortunately baked in with hinduism , and that whole structure of the indian caste/class system and society . 
  your parents are probably trying very hard to eliminate that , but it is really a fundamental and very strong part of the culture . 
  it will probably take a few generations to go . 
  you may find it interesting to read about the treatment of dalits and muslims in india throughout history to give you some understanding of your own culture 's background on this side . 
  your parents sound like pretty normal well-meaning indian migrants to me . 
  it may even be confronting for them to see an entire system * not * ordered around race and mob law . 
  please be patient with them , you do n't know where they 're coming from , and to be honest , they 're probably doing all of this for you . 
  they probably want to see you excel , but do n't know what that will look like yet . 
  if you give them time and show them slowly , with respect , i am confident they will pick it up . 
  salaam alaykum , i am in eastern suburbs of melbourne and there are plenty of mosques out here , any of which would welcome your interest . 
  i 'd say just walk up before a prayer time ( ideally before jummah ) , and talk to anyone outside the mosque who looks friendly . 
  try google maps , and probably look for the bigger/non-ethnically affiliated mosques  . 
  there are so many muslims in melbourne !, 
  large communities in areas in and surrounding dandenong in particular , as well as up in the north of melbourne . 
  malcontent whining youth leaves home town , survives plane crash , remains a malcontent whining youth , falls in love , commits a fairly serious assault and starts whining again . 
  this happens all the time . 
  why fake it . 
  demographically , most english-speaking atheists are ex-christians . 
  the vocal ones will usually have some critique of christianity that they feel their old community needs to know about , so it 's not that surprising that christian subreddits feel the heat ... that said , atheists definitely attack muslims . 
  they 've brigaded this subreddit a few times . 
  they tend to know practically nothing about islam though . 
   are people from me and maghreb ready to see women in bikini and gay parades ? 
  why do you think they would n't be ? 
  i avoid these things out of modesty and personal conviction , but do you imagine every last one of us is some sort of political activist ? 
  if i choose to live in a country then islam tells me to be decent . 
  to get used to the country i 'm in , and respect and abide by and even uphold its laws . 
  i have strict standards for myself but i do n't see why that means i should n't be allowed in ... 
  isolationism and ignorance go hand-in-hand . 
  if europeans want isolationism then they should expect the decline of their civilizations . 
  if you want to always look back at your history , then your present state will always be worse . 
  pride is the enemy of growth , and growth is the backbone of modern economies . 
  if you want growth , take opportunities , write new histories , become better people . 
  europe is faced with a choice - fight isolationism , or devolve back into the dark ages ... 
  this is not a problem with the immigrants , a quarter of the earth 's population is muslim . 
  you 're investigating an excuse for european cultural issues , and it 's not a valid one anywhere else in the world . 
  this is a cultural issue in post-war europe . 
  do you want to progress , or look back ? 
  pride is a luxury that nobody can afford right now . 
  well , tbh , when there 's some major news event , `` christians '' , `` jews '' , and `` hindus '' all do that to us too . 
  it 's not only atheists that have that sort of hate towards us . 
  more often than not , it 's nationalists of one type or another . 
  it should n't really be a surprise to anyone that there is a lot of hatred towards muslims out there right now ... 
  any citations ? 
  this will have a pretty isolating effect on muslim kids in those schools . 
  pretty poor way to promote integration . 
  ... and here 's the other chart : http://chartsbin.com/view/557, 
  i was explaining why i wanted his help to be more ethical about meat/dairy/etc consumption . 
  i have been working on reducing consumption generally as much as possible for myself .
