it is in the middle of the original article :  the countries that voted against were angola , argentina , armenia , belarus , bolivia , botswana , brazil , chile , china , cyprus , congo , cuba , ecuador , eritrea , ethiopia , georgia , guatemala , guinea , india , indonesia , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , lebanon , morocco , mauritius , mozambique , mexico , myanmar , namibia , nicaragua , uganda , palestine , paraguay , philippines , syria , moldova , the democratic republic of congo , people 's democratic republic of lao , people 's democratic republic of ( north ) korea , the russian federation , serbia , slovakia , south africa , south sudan , spain , sri lanka , suriname , uruguay , venezuela , zimbabwe . 
   those who abstained included algeria , bangladesh , barbuda , bhutan , bosnia-herzegovina , burundi , cameroon , comoros , egypt , greece , guinea-bissau , jamaica , japan , kenya , mali , nepal , nigeria , peru , poland , central african republic , the republic of ( south ) korea , romania , saint vincent and the grenadines , seychelles , singapore , trinidad and tobago , tunisia , vietnam , zambia . 
   the countries in favor were afghanistan , albania , germany , andorra , saudi arabia , australia , austria , bahamas , bahrain , belgium , belize , benin , brunei , bulgaria , burkina faso , canada , costa rica , ivory coast , croatia , denmark , djibouti , el salvador , uae , estonia , macedonia , fiji , finland , france , gabon , gambia , ghana , grenada , guinea , guyana , haiti , honduras , hungary , cook islands , solomon islands , iceland , ireland , italy , jordan , kuwait , lesotho , latvia , liberia , libya , lithuania , luxembourg , malaysia , malawi , malta , monaco , montenegro , nauru , niger , norway , new zealand , oman , pakistan , palau , panama , papua new guinea , the netherlands , portugal , qatar , the dominican republic , the czech republic , tanzania , the united kingdom , rwanda , saint lucia , saint kitts and nevis , san marino , samoa , senegal , sierra leone , slovenia , somalia , sudan , sweden , switzerland , chad , thailand , east timor , togo , tonga , turkey , tuvalu , vanuatu , yemen . 
   arguing for belize being somehow more valuable allies than argentina and india . 
  i do n't even ... 
  i never said that at all . 
  where did i say they are `` more valuable allies '' ? 
  how do you even quantify `` valuableness '' ? 
  i just stated that they are a member of the british commonwealth under british influence and are more likely to vote `` yes '' . 
  india has been great allies with the russians for a long time . 
  the west dropped the ball on that one . 
  india was a member of the non-aligned movement too . 
  as for argentina , they fought the british in a war over the falklands not too long ago . 
  they were also one of the nations in south america to not really be affected by the good neighbor policy and were cozy with the axis powers . 
  they have been hostile to the british for some time . 
   then what where you trying to say in the first place by listing no and yes countries ? 
  what were you trying to prove . 
  my counter-argument refers to the size of countries , and the fact is that the 10 , 11 countries i counted contain more than a half of the world 's population . 
  i never argued that at all . 
  this was never about size . 
  you were the one who mentioned size . 
  if you go back and read my original comment i included iceland , denmark , belize , new zealand , and kuwait . 
  those are all small nations . 
  i did n't originally say : germany , uk , france , italy , australia , canada . 
  why would i include kuwait , a tiny middle eastern nation if i was arguing about size ? 
  as i said to another commenter and constantly repeated to you , the countries in the yes column have political situations/turmoil which discourages them from voting for kosovo . 
  the other nations who voted no are generally antagonistic to the west . 
   so all those pacific and caribbean non-countries who were once colonized are the west . 
  if you have queen elizabeth on your money that 's it . 
  ok , good to know . 
  if you have the head of state of another nation on your money , it is likely they have high influence with you . 
  yes , the commonwealth influences politics . 
  are you actually arguing against that ? 
  nope . 
  i was wrong belize being peaceful , but it is still under heavily under british influence and it is no surprise that it voted `` yes '' . 
  spain , as stated from the source , is voting `` no '' because its political situation . 
  i was wrong about an aspect of belize but it did not contradict what i said . 
  interesting , i guess i was wrong about belize . 
  it seems the gang violence has spilled into belize and caused the murder rate to more than double within a few years . 
  i guess i was wrong about the peaceful aspect of belize , it has been awhile since i have been there . 
   wealthiest countries in the world wealth does not necessarily equal a stable political situation , but that is irrelevant because : [ spain opposes kosovo because of the separatist groups in its country . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spain%27s_reaction_to_the_2008_kosovo_declaration_of_independence )  spain 's reaction to the 2008 kosovo declaration of independence is one of non-recognition , mainly due to concerns about the implications for its own territory . 
  although it has given indications that its stance may change , increasing political tensions in catalonia under the government of artur mas makes it unlikely that spain will soften its current position . 
   the regions of catalonia and the basque country are the only two spanish territories that do recognise kosovo ,, 
   so that 's 4 + let 's say canada and aus . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  but anyway that was your argument in the first place , not mine . 
  i just proved you wrong . 
  you did n't prove anyone wrong . 
  of the top 25 economies : 5 did n't or could n't vote 8 voted no 12 voted yes your argument about `` size '' determining the vote is absolutely wrong . 
   friends with the west belize was settled by the british , was under military protection of the british , has an official language of english , has queen elizabeth on its money , and is a member of the british commonwealth . 
  that 's the west i 'm talking about . 
   you did n't answer how is belize more stable than spain . 
  that was an edit you added later that i answered in a separate reply, 
   edit : are you really saying that the political situation in belize is more stable than in spain ? 
  damn . 
  one of spain 's provinces just voted to secede . 
  there are plenty of separatist groups and there is widespread political corruption . 
  ~ ~ belize is a pretty peaceful ~ ~ place mostly based on tourism . 
  is there some political turmoil there i 'm unaware of ? 
   i was pointing out that the no countries are much bigger and more relevant in every possible way than the yes countries well , not really . 
  both lists have small and big nations in them . 
  the yes column includes some of the largest economies in the world , like france , germany , the uk , and italy so i do n't really think you can say that at all . 
  in fact , pretty much all of western europe and northern europe ( even switzerland and portugal ) - spain voted `` yes '' . 
  if the vast majority of europe votes yes , you ca n't make that sweeping statement . 
  the founding members of the un that serve on the security council , the founders of the eu , and the founders of nato are not `` less relevant '' . 
   more precisely usa . 
  lol , just lol . 
  you 're not the center of universe , you know that right ? 
  i never mentioned the us to you at all . 
  the us ca n't even vote in unesco , so i do n't know what you are talking about . 
  i do n't have a dog in this fight at all , but it is interesting to see the way the serbians are treating everyone in this thread . 
  the west and nato includes more than the us , surely you know that . 
  many of the small island countries in the `` yes '' column are members of the british commonwealth , for example . 
  you are from serbia , which is interesting . 
  let 's go through this : south africa : semi-unstable political situation although i do n't know why they would vote this way argentina : antagonist to the west and unstable political situation russia : antagonist to the west china : antagonist to the west indonesia : pretty good friends with the west , not sure why they would vote this way philippines : pretty good friends with the west , not sure why they would vote this way mexico : unstable political situation spain : unstable political situation india : sympathetic to russia yes column belize : settled by british , ~ ~ peaceful ~ ~ , friends with the west various small nations in africa and pacific : small , mostly stable , some western influence ( it does n't really say much to me which way these guys vote , that 's why i focused on the bigger countries ), 
  my point with spain was that the political situation inside the country is unstable . 
  i was indirectly referring to the separatists movements by saying that ( the catalonia vote is # 3 on / r/europe 's front page ) . 
  i agree with you . 
  i should have been more clear , but obviously i did n't want to type a book . 
  i generalized a lot . 
   about the other countries ; you can not simply judge and say they voted ` no ' because they are a crappy country in your opinion . 
  it 's not because they are `` crappy '' . 
  it is because they are non-aligned with the standard western countries or have unstable political situations . 
  that is why i referenced nato when referring to albania . 
   they could be voting to please someone ( perhaps like armenia following russia 's vote ) once again , i agree with you . 
  that 's why i mentioned armenia being a former soviet state . 
  they are within russia 's sphere of influence . 
  i also pointed out that the middle eastern nations who voted yes have their politics heavily influenced by the west ( pakistan , afghanistan , saudi arabia , etc. ), 
  i do n't have a dog in this fight and my country does n't even have voting privileges in unesco . 
  i just thought it was interesting that many antagonists to the west and unstable nations voted against this . 
  your great country of the netherlands also voted `` yes '' . 
  i 'm sure i 'll be downvoted into oblivion by the angry serbs on here who are also downvoting the people from kosovo . 
  eh , my list is a more fair assessment , but even your list * still * makes it obvious . 
   the no 's were countries like : spain , slovakia , serbia , brazil , armenia , russia , chile . 
  spain is undergoing a very difficult political situation and is dealing with widespread corruption . 
  it is the least stable western european nation . 
  slovakia - fair enough . 
  serbia is obviously going to oppose this , so i do n't know why you would include it as a counterpoint . 
  brazil is a struggling south american `` republic '' .
