in reality there are countless exceptions to the single market that are bespoke for each nation . 
  i find it strange that this compromise is the one the eu draws the line at . 
  those countries get special exceptions because they are in the eu , just like the uk got special exceptions . 
  however there is no reason to make a special exception to a non-member for the benefit of that non-member over the entire eu . 
   i prefer not to think of trump , the fact that he has so much support genuinely terrifies me . 
  it genuinely terrifies a lot of people . 
  so at least you 've got company . 
  why would you assume that ? 
  do you have any evidence whatsoever that the us was behind the coup attempt ? 
  it seems like they are making moves towards it . 
  the mayor of ankara even claimed that the russian jet that was shot down was done so by gulenists trying to separate the countries . 
   on july 19 a turkish official told journalists , `` two pilots who were part of the operation to down the russian su-24 in november 2015 are in custody . ''  `` that incident [ the downing of the russian plane ] was orchestrated by a pilot who belongs to the parallel state , '' he said . 
  `` i say this one hundred percent . 
  we were not voicing this before , we were gulping this down ... but , now i say this , as melih gokcek , these rascals caused the rift between russia and us . '' [ source ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2016/07/coup-attempt-clears-way-for-turkish-russian-rapprochement/ ), 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  the us does n't really need to keep nukes in turkey , but it does need to keep the strategic alliance with turkey going . 
  as long as turkey is a member of nato it greatly hinders russia 's ability to project power into the mediterranean should any conflict break out . 
  that was just in rouen though . 
  is n't this going on throughout france ? 
   paying for the damages in full . 
  can you even put a price on that for damages to pay ? 
  a 5,000 year old carving is priceless . 
  so media that does n't agree with your opinion can be shut down because you do n't like them ? 
  it 's not like they were taking part in the coup . 
  it 's just an excuse to shut down any opposition . 
  besides , `` gulenists ? '', 
  show me the proof that the coup even had gulen behind it , never mind that they `` belonged to the ` gulenists . ', 
  that will happen more once linux starts supporting directx 11 . 
  source ? 
  unless you 're talking about the select few out of the thousands and thousands that are fleeing into europe . 
   for instance we \u00b4 ve decided in 2008 i think it was that ukraine and georgia will become nato members in the near future that 's not true . 
  georgia was looking into nato membership and nato was sending signals that it would look into a partnership . 
  the ukraine one is totally false . 
  ukraine was looking into making closer ties with the eu rather than advance financial relations with russia . 
  that 's when russia stepped in and essentially bribed the president into the russian deal over the eu one , then mass protests broke out and you know the rest . 
   because the world peace relies on the `` mutual assured destruction '' of both blocks . 
  no , the threat of nuclear war was potentially minimized because of the idea of mad . 
  if anything , having missile shields around the globe would protect the globe from russian nuclear weapons , however those systems are n't anywhere near capable enough to actually stop every russian icbm . 
   the `` transition of power '' obama spoke of in ukraine would \u00b4 ve meant the end of russia \u00b4 s military port . 
  a change of power in damaskus would have taken away russia \u00b4 s ally in north africa . 
  and ? 
  you act like state 's do n't constantly try to sway other nations into their best interests . 
  why do you think russia funds le pen ? 
  and russia today ? 
   but we \u00b4 re doing so by pushing russia in a corner and we shouldn \u00b4 t be surprised if they push back . 
  the fact that russia would rather be a regional hegemony is what is standing in the way more than anything . 
  rather than embrace it 's european counterparts , it pushes back against them because they still have a distrust of nato and the united states . 
  it 's not nato 's or the us ' fault that countries actively seek to join nato on their own . 
  it 's not like nato comes up to countries and actively tries to recruit them . 
  millions of poor committing millions of crimes ? 
  you mean in comparison to the large number of residents , and most of those crimes being of the non-violent nature ? 
   the mexican cartels the mexican cartels come from mexico and into the united states often illegally . 
  they are n't their own communities . 
   black ghettos are really nice integrated and there are plenty of black people who do n't live in ghettos . 
  just because citizens might choose to surround themselves with others like them does n't mean they are n't americans still . 
  black culture has merged with american culture many times . 
  the same is true for mexican culture , italian culture , japanese culture . 
  why is there absolutely zero chance ? 
  it 's worked well in the united states and canada . 
   `` had enough of experts '' this is one of my favorite quotes that people use to recognize how little they understand anything of what they are talking about . 
  climate change ? 
  97 % of scientists agree that it 's happening and that human 's are involved on some level ? 
  `` i 've had enough of these experts who just want more funding money . '', 
  immediately know that you should just dismiss them , but you ca n't because their vote can essentially cancel out yours . 
  ignorance and intolerance are like cancer . 
  just look at the us election for another example . 
  if you guys keep working at completing the flag , the road will either encircle it , be under it , or something creative i 'm sure . 
  it seems a lot of people are n't looking at the threads and just working with / r/ainbowroad on their own . 
  we 've asked people not to interfere , but it 's probably going to take time to catch on . 
  i imagine duolingo would be enough to participate in society , where you would pick up and learn the rest through work , school , etc. 
  certainly not fluently , but a basic grasping of understanding and using the language . 
  `` damn immigrants , coming here and stealing our language and making up new slang words and mixing their foods with our pure foods ! '', 
  ftfy for what will we will likely hear at some point in the near future from some prominent politician . 
  considering there 's no standards anymore . 
  corrected . 
  it 's still early here . 
  there is worlds of difference between actively preventing something and actively obsessing over something . 
  how is it a security danger that someone from scotland can visit say , brussels * , berlin , rome , madrid , and libson all without a passport exactly ? 
  is there some secret danger from those belgian * citizens ? 
  or is it the spanish citizens travelling to italy * that are the real danger ? 
  new york city alone also has a population of 8.5 million , not including tourists , out-of-city employees , and illegal immigrants ( i only mention this last one because a city like nyc is bound to have a large enough number that it would significantly effect population if counted ) . 
  and it 's all packed into a much smaller area than sweden . 
  although sweden also has a population of about one million more people , so ... 
  if i remember right , i believe even new york city would rank 25th or 30th by itself . 
  2012 * they still wear track suits . 
   it 's not an occupation . 
  it 's certainly blockaded , and for reasons which i deem incredibly valid , but that 's up to each person . 
  that 's not an occupation . 
  you do n't get to misuse terms interchangeably like that . 
  remember how i said it was asinine ? 
  are you claiming that the sea is n't considered territory now ? 
  blocking off trade is n't still an occupation even though a military ** literally ** occupying and governing part of the territory ? 
   it 's convenient that you can claim that because you 're called out on your ignorance it hurts your fee fees and hence why you wo n't retort . 
  i what ? 
  i wo n't retort yet you 're responding to my post ? 
  and was that after you tried to insult me , along with the others you seem to feel the need to do in every other post ? 
  the level of maturity and well thought-out logic is astounding . 
   gaza is factually not occupied gaza is still under a complete blockade . 
  full stop . 
  the fact that you can try to argue that it still not under an occupation when territory is under military control and supervision is asinine .
