  france will invite dutch scientists to sort out some dykes . 
  it looks like the uk will seek an exception , and the eu should grant it . 
  my apologies for the snark . 
  several people thought i was deprecating the amount involved , whereas i was n't making any comment but merely trying to put it in perspective . 
  yeah i 'm more gaelic than gallic , but whatevs . 
  whatever you say , good sir dummy . 
  yeah i have n't read the article yet but it was linked to on one of the uk subs : https://www.byline.com/column/67/article/1777, 
  is that rees mogg 's plan ? 
  you said it buddy . 
   it 's not an upcoming crisis or anything but it 's an unfortunate trend . 
  also a concern for basic stuff like housing . 
  the more atomized our family structures become , the greater our need for separate units of accommodation . 
  agreed , and that 's why i am concerned about the number . 
  however , life is n't always simple and forcing people to stay together could also lead to negative outcomes for the children . 
  i 'd be more concerned about [ this stat ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/birthsdeathsandmarriages/livebirths/bulletins/birthsummarytablesenglandandwales/2016 ) :  the percentage of babies born outside of marriage or civil partnership in 2016 was 48 % ; of these , two-thirds had parents who lived together . 
  suggesting that 1 child in 6 will be raised in a single-parent household . 
  i 've nothing against single parents , but it 's difficult to raise a child by oneself . 
  very nice collage . 
  just do n't withdraw from euratom . 
  bloody ideology trumping good sense . 
  lol , white knighting much ? 
  avast sir , ye have wounded me to the very quick !, 
  go fuck yourself . 
  i responded that way to / u/historybuffamerican because it was the third time someone had said the same thing , viz that it was a substantial amount of money . 
  but nice white knighting all the same . 
  good job . 
   yet somehow we are suddenly this no mark little isolationist island because we decided the eu is n't for us . 
  did you read the article ? 
  it 's speculative , obviously , but it makes some important points about your political leaders . 
  may is caught between a rock and a hard place at the moment . 
  even worse , they might have katie hopkins on board !, 
   there is a finite amount of bitcoin in circulation and a finite amount to be mined . 
  this is a huge distinction between bitcoin and a ponzi scheme that 's an interesting distinction , but bitcoin is designed to be sub-divisible to the \u03bcbtc level , representing a millionth of a bitcoin . 
  if you say so . 
  if you say so . 
  a ponzi scheme uses money from new investors to pay earlier investors . 
   investing in bitcoin is pretty blatant that you are hoping someone in the future will pay you more than you are currently buying at . 
  that 's not a ponzi scheme , that 's just simple investing . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's speculative investment . 
  simple investing involves buying a stock or a bond with some expected return . 
  for example , i invest in a company because i expect it to be profitable in the future and pay dividends . 
  i have a belief that the company will produce something that can be sold profitably . 
  speculation involves buying something with the expectation that that thing can be sold at a higher price . 
  i do n't have any opinion on the thing , except that the price will rise . 
   anyone who works with blockchain will always have respect ( or trust ) in it . 
  three years, 
   while doing minimal research as usual . 
  i 've been reading about bitcoin for years . 
  you 've missed the key word in my post - ` intrinsic ' . 
  there 's nothing except adoption that distinguishes bitcoin from a host of other crypto-currencies . 
   everyone buying bitcoin realizes that it 's price depends on someone down the line wanting to pay more for it than you did you 're basically saying that the price of bitcoin should always rise ? 
  ( wanting to pay more for it ) that 's not a normal behaviour for a currency . 
   investing in a decentralized and distributed ledger which is an idea largely gaining traction in the finance sector . 
  there are plenty of reasons why distributed ledgers are interesting but bitcoin is n't a key component . 
  why would you invest in a distributed ledger ? 
   so yeah calling bitcoin a ponzi scheme when it is blatantly obvious why it 's price fluctuates is the equivalent of blowing air out of your ass and the fact that it has that many upvotes says a lot about this sub . 
  sorry to rain on your tirade , but you have n't explained why people buy bitcoin other than to say that its price must always rise . 
  if you say so . 
  blockchain is very interesting , but it does n't depend on bitcoin . 
   blockchain is not an application . 
  blockchain is a programming concept . 
  er no , it 's both . 
  blockchain is used to describe distributed ledger applications . 
  it 's moved beyond the concept stage and has an existence separately from bitcoin . 
   bitcoin is an application of the blockchain concept . 
  no , bitcoin includes an application of the blockchain concept , along with a host of concepts around exchange . 
   to attack the chain nobody said anything about attacking the chain ? 
   so yes , possible , and it 's also possible that peoples decide overnight that they actually do n't like gold that much . 
  or that they develop more confidence in another distributed system of transaction . 
   that 's ... well still globally wrong . 
  normally i wait between posts to contradict myself . 
  but you 've jumped right in with your next sentence ...  a blockchain is just a programming concept , but yes , a very interesting one , with indeed many more and more important application than just bitcoin . 
  the bitcoin infrastructure is interesting of course , but it 's not necessarily tied to bitcoin and there 's no reason it could n't be used to maintain some other public ledger . 
  bitcoin 's greatest strength is its history , but i do n't think that 's a sufficient condition for it to continue unchallenged . 
  okay you mean the `` r/europe '' attitude . 
  i thought you meant public opinion . 
  carry on so . 
  no it has n't . 
  blockchain is a very interesting application , and it 's much more important than bitcoin . 
   lol those prices . 
  modern f16 's alone cost far more than $ 16m i wrote 19m , rather than 16m . 
  from here : http://www.af.mil/about-us/fact-sheets/display/article/104505/f-16-fighting-falcon/ unit cost : f-16a / b , $ 14.6 million ( fiscal 98 constant dollars ) ; f-16c / d , $ 18.8 million ( fiscal 98 constant dollars ) 19m in 1998 dollars would be about 28m in 2016 . 
  so mea culpa . 
  lol, 
   there is an idiot higher that rehash the same tired old circlejerk about `` ponzi scheme '' stating that bitcoin has no intrinsic value . 
  lol . 
  fuck you and your passive aggressive commenting . 
  you misread my comment anyway . 
   material removed from service . 
  you could have clarified that before i went window shopping . 
  think about my search history ... 
  with all these scientists , france is gon na have the best climate !, 
  yeah fair enough . 
  he started on the right and drifted further to the right over time . 
  there 's nothing intrinsic to bitcoin to distinguish it from a ponzi scheme . 
  the one good brother in the kaczynski clan . 
  in that case i agree :-), 
   it 's more than you think . 
  you have no idea what i think .
