  there is an enormous body of research into the role of expectations in economic performance . 
  it 's central to multiple theories of behaviour . 
  have you thought your main point through ? 
  if experts ' warnings were rejected , why are people becoming more pessimistic ? 
  i 've never denied that there are opportunities with brexit , but i continue to see the costs outweighing the benefits . 
  those groups who most strongly favoured brexit will be the ones who benefit least from it . 
  you may joke about it , but it 's clear from the british election survey that the greatest support for brexit is among the least educated and least well-off members of british society . 
  what do they have to look forward to ? 
  they 're already seeing wage growth taper off and inflation rise , and pessimism about the economy is on the rise despite a decent performance in 2h 2016 . 
  a free trade deal with china wo n't mean much to these people - even if the uk can get decent terms . 
  food producers expect serious difficulties when the uk pulls out of the single market . 
  food prices will rise in the short term from the declining value of sterling and in the longer term from additional administration costs . 
  and this is without any tariffs being introduced . 
  the biggest categories of uk food imports from the eu are perishables - fruit , veg , dairy , eggs - for fairly obvious reasons . 
  some of these can be sourced more cheaply outside the eu , but the cost of transport is very heavy at least in the current fuel price environment . 
  there 's an opportunity for british agriculture to reinvent itself and for more of the uk 's food to be produced locally ( currently about 50 % ) . 
  but from what i understand there 's little appetite among the uk unemployed to work on farms , so migrant labour is brought in to do the harvests . 
  they 'll be in short supply unless some sort of deal can be worked out , so local food supply is problematic too . 
  perhaps you did , but now you 're writing things like :  ... the eu single market is n't that important and businesses can be highly succesful and competitive on wto rules . 
  ...  this sub has actually made me feel entirely less european and has pushed me from a reluctant remainer to a staunch brexiteer . 
  and you 're seeking validation for your position on brexit . 
  is that a dyson dc43h in your pocket , or are you just pleased to see him ? 
  he 's one commentator out of many . 
  i understand that you 're seeking validation for your position on brexit , but i would n't get too excited just because dyson 's view aligns with yours . 
  he 's a successful businessman , sure . 
  lol at the dollar signs in your eyes ( ^ ^ $ \u035c\u0296 ^ ^ $ ) oh he 's so rich and dreamy !, 
  i must worship him !, 
   you mean a succesful business person with a nuanced understanding of international trade and regulation was in favour of brexit !? 
  no , i said ** james dyson ** has been campaigning against the eu for years . 
  you must know him , serial `` innovator '' who likes big engines in vacuum cleaners . 
  he 's like the shit version of steve jobs . 
   but r/europe told me only poor , uneducated working class folk backed brexit ... 
  unfortunately dyson did n't back the poor , uneducated working class folk of britain . 
  sterling is a bargain now in fairness . 
  i 'm thinking of importing a bike from the uk . 
  even with additional transport costs i can save about 80 euro . 
  they bought harrods there a few years back from al fayed . 
  also own the shard and good chunks of sainsburys and barclays . 
  [ the trend is worth considering ] ( http://i2.cdn.turner.com/money/dam/assets/170324132100-brexit-pessimism-780x439.jpg ) : 10 % of people switched from optimism to pessimism since last july , and this despite continued buoyancy in the uk economy - especially consumer spending - in the second half of last year . 
  as the time to trigger art 50 has approached , more people have become worried about the economic effects . 
  now we see increased inflation ( jumped to 2.3 % ) without any increase in interest rates ( yet ) . 
  i expect the increasing pessimism around brexit 's economic effects to continue for at least another quarter , possibly two . 
  the communists are n't killing 18 year old kids . 
  fuck these far-right thugs . 
   this is what ~ ~ experienced business people are ~ ~ a leading campaigner for brexit is saying . 
  dyson has been campaigning against the eu for donkey 's years . 
  he still wo n't be able to sell 50mw vacuum cleaners in europe , poor chap . 
   the vast majority of funding for ( socialist and left wing ) causes comes from jewish sources citation needed or gtfo . 
  were your hands in your lap when you wrote that ? 
   support for leaving the eu was a striking 75 % among those who lacked qualifications but just 27 % among those who had achieved the highest level of education -- a difference of nearly 50 percentage points . 
  that 's a large difference . 
  error installing sense of humour module . 
  abort , retry , fail ? 
  interesting body language in that [ photo ] ( https://static01.nyt.com/images/2017/03/25/world/25lepen/25lepen-master768.jpg ) . 
  le pen has her hands clasped in supplication . 
  beneath the table we see her knees slightly bent , in a quasi-kneeling gesture . 
  she is close to the table , her head is somewhat bowed and she 's leaning slightly forward , eager and attentive to her interlocutor . 
  putin is further from the table . 
  he 's almost leaning back , recoiling , from the other party . 
  he is aloof , distant , perhaps even reticent . 
  his hands are crossed in his lap , perhaps subconsciously protecting his testicles ? 
  is there a scots gaelic equivalent of [ * pl\u00e1m\u00e1s * ] ( https://stancarey.wordpress.com/2010/09/20/plamas/ ) i wonder . 
  i would n't say `` never '' but certainly this is the best opportunity for the next several decades . 
  key points from the french document : the french presidential and german federal elections provide an opportunity to re-launch the european project . 
  three priorities : * reinforce the euro zone * put prosperity at the center of the european project * protect the citizenry and promote an ambitious foreign policy, 
  good job accessorizing those boots with the dino outfit . 
  this would be very harsh for some of my british friends who live in france but are either paid in or have major savings in sterling . 
   enjoy the decline . 
  will there be bread ? 
  and circuses ? 
  and ... orgies ? 
  count me in !, 
  okay fair enough :-), 
   i 'm an acolyte of farage odd choice of word , but whatever floats your boat . 
  happy birthday to eu happy birthday to eu eu look like a loose-federation-of-nation-states-cooperating-or-competing-depending-on-the-circumstances and you smell like one too !, 
  m\u00e9doc produces some great wines , among the best in the bordeaux region . 
  i try to buy a small case or two per year and i 'm very rarely disappointed . 
  if you like a medium to robust red , i 'd certainly recommend m\u00e9doc . 
  roubaix is also home to [ la piscine ] ( http://www.roubaix-lapiscine.com/ ) , a truly lovely art museum . 
  it 's also the destination of my favourite cycling event paris-roubaix or l'enfer du nord . 
   would you apply this same nuance to islamic terrorism ? 
  do you know what nuance means ? 
  i never said anything about fucking nuance . 
  i have family and friends in northern ireland who lived there through the troubles . 
  i visited a lot in the 70s-90s . 
  in contrast , i 've never visited saudi arabia , for example , or palestine . 
  are you about to hit me with some moral argument ? 
  go ahead and do it . 
  do n't waste your time drawing false parallels . 
  there were murderers , and those complicit in murder , on all sides of the conflict . 
  people can keep reopening these old wounds or they can look forward . 
  given how intractable the ni situation looked even in the early 90s , i 'm amazed at how much progress has been made . 
  attacks on catholic homes by armed loyalist mobs . 
  repeated failures by the london government to address rampant sectarianism and discrimination in northern ireland . 
  de facto second-class citizenship based upon religion . 
  collusion between british armed forces and loyalist paramilitaries . 
  the state sanctioned killing or beating of catholics who dared to campaign for civil rights . 
  [ he 's still in jail apparently . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/abu-izzadeen-not-london-attacker-brother-mistaken-alive-still-in-prison-a7644626.html ), 
  * ethnicity *  an ethnic group or ethnicity is a category of people who identify with each other based on similarities , such as common ancestral , language , social , cultural or national experiences .
