  the brand of radical islam that these guys bought into is truly a death cult . 
   solution ? 
  well i suggest we all leave i honestly believe that the paris attacks would have happened anyway , even if france had zero involvement in syria . 
  the attackers used intervention in syria as a useful explanation because they ca n't explain that they 're motivated primarily by nihilism . 
  they knew that their action would n't result in french withdrawal , but they went through with it anyway . 
  many of these guys were not particularly religious , but they buy into a ` clash of civilizations ' theme between islam and the west , and they 're prepared to die in order to drive a further wedge between their coreligionists and other european citizens . 
   these are smart people and not some religious dumbs that you would like to believe . 
  the smart ones do n't commit suicide . 
   the trick is to find their path of logic , and understand it ) reasons behind their attacks , motives , and beliefs . 
  find it , and you can begin dismantling it . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  the ch attacks in paris can be explained by ch 's publishing of cartoons of muhammed , and generalized hatred of jews . 
  but where does that get us ? 
  we wo n't ban freedom of speech , and jews will remain valued members of french society . 
  the kouachi brothers claimed allegiance to al qaeda in the arabian peninsula , coulibaly claimed allegiance to isis . 
  the kouachis said they do n't kill women , coulibaly 's first victim was a woman . 
  what did the ch attacks achieve ? 
  a hardening of french attitudes towards radical islam , greater mistrust of french muslims , more surveillance . 
  the paris attacks in november were claimed to be ( a ) punishment for france 's intervention in syria and ( b ) some sort of divine retribution for western lifestyles . 
  the main results were increased french intervention in syria and a crackdown on french islamists . 
  on top of this we 're left with a state of emergency that is going on and on , and a government that 's prepared to surrender liberties in the name of combating terrorism . 
  the purpose of terrorists is to make life as uncomfortable as possible for as many civilians as possible . 
  they could attack brussels or ghent or bruges . 
  there may be some symbolic reason to attack brussels , but there 's little logic to it aside from spreading terror . 
   is there any other reason to bomb brussels ? 
  they 're terrorists and regularly on a suicide mission . 
  there 's very little logic to what they do . 
  til i thought it might be consistent , but i could n't find a breton reference to confirm . 
  i 'm fairly sure the bbc reported on it on friday . 
  looks like welsh has a similar [ set up ] ( https://en.m.wikibooks.org/wiki/welsh/useful_phrases ), 
   france is better without them and should be prepared to , unfortunantly , face them either at home or in another land . 
  yes , france is better off without these people who are infatuated with death , but take away their french passports before they leave . 
  no point in making it too easy for them to come back and attack us . 
  the fighters had a wage cut in january i think , so there should be a strike soon . 
   is it just me or does russiatoday have a tendency to invite a lot of has been politicians this article is based on an i-t\u00e9l\u00e9 interview . 
  it 's part of the canal + group . 
  i would n't write off sarko as a has-been just yet . 
  february polls put him regaining some support for the presidential nomination , even though jupp\u00e9 is still ahead . 
  i mean that whole foods is expensive relative to the other u.s. grocers . 
  germany is significantly cheaper than france for groceries , probably cheaper than uk as well . 
  infrastructure issue ;-), 
  probably a fair comparison . 
   by treating the afd as untouchable lepers , elites inadvertently help to boost the party 's martyr-like status with its supporters further . 
  from their own point of view , it is a counterproductive strategy . 
  this is similar to the dynamic in the u.s. , where trump can use his treatment by the media and mainstream republicans as a way to position himself as an `` outsider '' and to reinforce his core support . 
  the problem in the u.s. , as i expect in germany , is that nobody in the established parties is trying to engage with trump 's ( afd 's ) supporters to win them over . 
  left to her own devices , her highness duchess beatrix of oldenburg will quickly embarrass herself : [ when she was asked on her facebook page on saturday whether german border guards should use weapons against illegal female refugees with children , she answered with a clear `` yes . 
  '' ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/afd-deputy-backpedals-on-shooting-at-refugee-children/a-19015194 ), 
  if we can say there 's a european normalized culture , russia is perhaps closer to that norm than turkey . 
  but i do n't think russia wants to join any regional grouping where russia would not be the dominant power . 
  in contrast , turkey wants greater cooperation with the eu . 
  is turkey a good candidate for eu membership ? 
  not under the current regime , but it 's in everyone 's interest to view it as something to work towards . 
  yes , the food at whole foods is generally good , but relatively it 's very expensive . 
   how can one fail so bad at making bread ... [ chorleywood bread process ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chorleywood_bread_process ), 
   the author of the article does n't seem to know what he actually wants from the eu . 
  agreed , he 's all over the place . 
  either the piece has been edited down to make little sense , or he 's conflating a myriad of issues in a sort of brainstorming on the deal with turkey . 
  it could be june or july though it 's not certain . 
  in any case , these were separate announcements . 
  here 's a selection of dates announced over the years : autumn 2011 summer 2012 mid 2013 before the general election may 2015 not before the ge may 2015 june or july 2016 after the referendum, 
  i read somewhere that police were contacted by someone who said abdeslam was looking for a hideout in molenbeek . 
  * according to a source close to the inquiry , the police received a call from someone saying they 'd been contacted by some who said he was salah abdeslam and asking for a hideout . 
   keep in mind he fled paris after others killed themselves , as well . 
  he may have [ abandoned his suicide vest ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/paris-attacks-suicide-vest_us_5653d247e4b0258edb32c507 ) in paris . 
  death is too good for him . 
  i would expect he 'll be tried in france ? 
   police chief at the scene confirms two injured arrested , one is abdeslam that 's made my day . 
  hope the fucker rots in jail for life . 
  he will get some attention of course , but he 'll hopefully spend a lot of long and lonely years staring at a prison wall . 
  i really hope they 've got him alive . 
  i hope they capture this fucker alive . 
  i think for a lot of people the biggest influence was having a family member or friend who came out as gay . 
  i 've discussed with many older people who would have been quite homophobic 20 years ago , their attitude now is much more relaxed and they want to allow everyone a chance at happiness . 
  one factor has been the loss of moral authority by the catholic church in the wake of various pedophilia scandals , but even the right-wing catholics are somewhat tolerant toward homosexuality these days . 
  in what way can you be ` oriented ' towards yourself ? 
  perhaps you mean some form of sexual narcissism ? 
  you can be oriented towards men , or you can be oriented towards women , or you can be oriented towards both , but i do n't see how you can be oriented towards yourself ? 
  you 've got to wonder how really stupid these guys are if they think they can have a ` secret ' group on facebook . 
   sexual orientation is attraction to a different sex , gender if you prefer , which leads to sexual reproduction . 
  no the concept refers to the sex or gender that a person is attracted to ( oriented towards ) . 
  people in ireland changed their perspective really quickly . 
  of course it is . 
  otherwise there 's no reason to use the term `` orientation '' . 
  what do you think `` orientation '' means in this context , if not direction ? 
  if everyone was straight , there 'd be no such concept as `` sexual orientation '' . 
  for op : [ irish americans -- do n't be bullied out of `` st. patty 's day '' ] ( http://www.irishcentral.com/opinion/others/irish-americans--dont-be-bullied-out-of-st-pattys-day.html ) ;-), 
  prisons act as [ recruitment centers ] ( http://www.criminaljusticedegreehub.com/10-most-dangerous-prison-gangs/ ) , whether it 's for radical islam or some other ideology or allegiance . 
  i though japan had taken top spot already ? 
  now i 'm thirsty ... 
  st patrick invented the shamrock shake and sold the recipe to the clan mcdonald who brought it to the u.s. 
  in the early years , these shakes were delivered throughout u.s. cities in wagons , which came to be known as `` paddywagons '' after st patrick . 
  that other abomination of a word is used to describe the form of a beefburger . 
  i live some distance outside paris proper but go into the city a few times a week . 
  the people i know are continuing as normal . 
  there was an initial shock after the attacks in november , but things have settled down . 
  people who did n't go into paris much still do n't go in much ; people who go in regularly still go in regularly . 
  most people i 've discussed it with recognize that the likelihood of being caught up in a terrorist attack remains vanishingly small . 
  two extremely high profile incidents last year may give a false impression from a distance ; it really is a very safe city . 
  paris is always going to be a high-profile target - look at the history of attacks throughout the 70s , 80s , 90s .
