  i 'd say hello to them when i 'd see them . 
  one day in october they disappeared - no sign of them and i could n't figure it out . 
  then they reappeared in april - same three guys , drinking their same cheap beer and panhandling . 
  i asked what had happened to them , and they 'd gone south for the winter to live on the coast :-), 
  it depends on your social circle . 
  growing up i used to hang out with lads whose main ambition was to leave school and go on social welfare . 
  this was the example they got from their fathers . 
  i had a very different example set for me , and i 've probably claimed a total of two months of welfare since i got my first formal job 30 years ago . 
  a life of ease and relative poverty is not for me , but i know people who are happy enough with it . 
  potentially less sharing of information among eu and non-eu enforcement agencies . 
  sharing is already a mess , but if britain leaves it 'll become worse from their perspective . 
  the uk checks the passports of everyone entering via legal routes . 
  if someone is flagged in their system , they 'll get stopped . 
  if someone is n't flagged , they wo n't be stopped , but it 's even less likely someone would be flagged if brexit goes ahead . 
  i 'm amazed that sms can be really `` untraceable '' . 
  i read about this video elsewhere . 
   this is a side of the paris attackers that has never been seen before . 
  and it 's not really one i need to see . 
  so they went clubbing some months before they got involved in a murderous attack - does that change anything ? 
  i 'm sure most if not all terrorists have enjoyed a night out at some point in their lives , but it does n't make any difference to their acts of terrorism . 
  we have plenty of accounts of the abdeslam brothers ' lives ( small time drug dealers , lazy , wasted opportunities , enjoyed partying before being radicalised ) ; i 'm not sure this video adds anything . 
   i am stoked in a sad way sad ? 
  using this sequence of events as leverage for flemish independence is quite simply callous . 
   you loyalist pig . 
  first time i 've been called that . 
  i agree non-brits are stakeholders ; i just think that anyone commenting from outside the uk will provoke negative as well as positive reactions . 
  the french economy minister said that if brexit happens , migrants will no longer camp in calais to try to get into britain . 
  in the uk press this was reported as `` france threatens to ship migrants to dover !!! '', 
  i half expect that inda 's comments will be represented as `` ira threatens to take up arms again !!! '', 
  i know inda means well , but i think non-brits should keep schtum on the brexit question . 
  the bellows of ` foreign interference ' from the tory press are deafening , and they 'll invariably twist the comments to represent the speaker in the worst possible light . 
  let the brits work it out for themselves . 
   slightly larger balls in italian police stations . 
  strange definition of `` larger balls '' . 
  obviously they should have questioned abdeslam more in belgium , but it was n't lack of courage that deterred them . 
  unless you think it takes courage to question a prisoner ? 
  with friends like these ... what a poxy , nasty article . 
  a search for identity can be wrapped up in adventure . 
  i 'm not sure these guys are really missing identity so much as seeking adventure . 
  well , the vests used by the guys in belgium were a type of nail bomb . 
  but normally a nail bomb uses lower grade explosive with lots of shrapnel to wreak havoc . 
  you can make a nail bomb in a fairly clunky way ( think pipe bomb ) but a suicide vest has to be handled very carefully if you want to avoid premature extinction . 
  it certainly looks like the captured terrorists could be turning over their accomplices very quickly . 
  longest title ever ? 
  this timetable is very , er , timely for me . 
  i had lunch with a spanish colleague in paris yesterday . 
  we got to lunch late , around 13:20 and the staff were already starting to clear . 
  my colleague was shocked , saying that lunch would just be beginning in spain . 
  their promotional material looks like a video game . 
   it was not because that they were just another poor `` belgians '' living in a bad neighborhood or the `` victims of society '' . 
  on this part we agree . 
  they both had opportunities ( trained electrician and trained mechanic , i think ) but they did n't take advantage of them . 
  isis is interested first and foremost in power . 
  it offers excitement and easy answers to young men who are alienated by modernity . 
  the brand of islam that isis promotes has similarities with apocalyptic christianity , but is obviously more violent and fundamentalist . 
  it 's also reminiscent of various cults . 
  nevertheless , i do n't think it 's religion that attracted the abdeslam brothers ; i think it was adventure . 
  a cult leader out to make as much money for himself as possible . 
   would you be able to back it up with some source ? 
  the abdeslam brothers ran a bar . 
  both drank alcohol and had little interest in religion . 
  they were interested in isis though . 
  you 'll find a few similar examples among the other paris attackers . 
  edit : here 's a [ bbc article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-35890960 )  one friend of the brothers who used to hang out there told me he would regularly see brahim abdeslam `` watching is videos , with a joint in one hand , and a beer in another '' . 
  he said brahim would spout off radical statements but that no-one took him seriously . 
  apparently salah used to frequent gay bars in brussels and other clientele thought he was a rent boy . 
  username checks out . 
   in december , a married couple were convicted of plotting a suicide bombing to coincide with the 10th anniversary of the london transportation system attacks . 
  authorities were alerted to their plans after they posted tweets asking which sites they should bomb . 
  like something out of four lions . 
  nobody is disputing the danger posed by radical preachers . 
  people are questioning the wisdom of closing down the mosque . 
  there are three imams at this mosque . 
  its capacity is 2500 people . 
  it was built at a cost of 3 million pounds in the early 1980s . 
  for the statements of one imam , you 're prepared to shut down the whole thing ? 
  yeah i saw the shells , but the gun itself does n't look right . 
  you 're probably correct . 
   you obviously do not see it this way . . 
  i think it 's a very stupid thing to say , but `` hate speech '' has a strict legal definition and this is what makes it a chargeable offense . 
  i 've no problem with the guy being charged , but i 'm not sure that he can be . 
  is there really an ak47 in the video ? 
  i had to stop watching because they 're too stupid , but all i saw at the start were a pistol for firing blanks and an air rifle . 
   only saw what looked like a starting pistol , a shotgun of some kind and a 9mm . 
  starting pistol at the beginning , then an air rifle . 
  did n't see a shotgun or a 9mm but those kids were too spasmo to watch for any length of time . 
  you 're advocating collective punishment for some idiot 's statements on a social media platform . 
  his congregation was not with him when he made the statements . 
  they were n't in a position to stop him . 
  can you explain to me where the `` hate speech '' was in this case ? 
  whiskey ( note the ` e ' before the ` y ' ) originated in ireland . 
  why alienate the entire congregation ? 
  better off putting in someone sensible . 
  the ` speech ' occurred on whats app , anyway . 
  those who have dual nationality will probably lose their french nationality and be deported after release . 
  for those who have only one nationality i 'm not sure . 
  the french parliament has n't been able to agree on this question . 
  here 's the guy : [ thwarted paris plot linked to deadly brussels isis cell ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/paris-terror-plot-reda-kriket-abdelhamid-abaaoud-brussels-attacks-isis-cell/ )  the man taken into custody was reda kriket , who was convicted in absentia in july 2015 in belgium for recruiting isis members along with abdelhamid abaaoud , one of the leaders of the nov. 13 , 2015 , paris attacks that left 130 people dead . 
  in his particular case , he 's going to jail for 10 years for recruiting in belgium , then he 'll go to jail for plotting an attack in france . 
  with a bit of luck , he wo n't see daylight for 20 years , after which time he might have his french citizenship revoked .
