  as an immigrant in france , i 'd like to say a grand merci to everyone who transferred their vote to macron after their preferred candidate was eliminated . 
  she promises jobs in the places that have been badly hit by unemployment . 
  this is part of her recent success - attracting votes in former socialist and communist strongholds using economic protectionist arguments . 
  i do n't think may will consider them because of immigration concerns . 
  it 's not just the socialists . 
  fillon supporters have also abstained . 
   the uk will get a model similar to ~ ~ swiss , norwegian or ~ ~ canadian it 's not ** bad ** per se , just sub-optimal and more expensive for both parties . 
  edit : baffled at the downvotes ? 
  who thinks this is n't an accurate prediction ? 
  we need to be wary of people like macron with his detailed economic plan , appealing to the logical , rational thought processes of his supporters , instead of playing on their emotions and fears to provoke an over-the-top reaction . 
  if we 're not careful it might mean the end of vitriolic , shouty debates to be replaced by calm and respectful discussions . 
  which ones ? 
  the old guard who need a time machine to reinstate some imaginary france that might never have really existed , or the more recent supporters who buy into her barmy economic nationalism ? 
  you say :  the underlying issues she was going to solve are only going to get worse . 
  but what issues was she going to solve ? 
  you think she would fix things - what things ? 
  she would drop out of the euro for some sort of dual currency system , but such systems are generally a very bad idea . 
  france would still have all of its debt in euro , and external trade would be in euro , so the only difference would be that internally people would use a ` franc nouveau ' . 
  this would be more or less inflationary , depending on the central bank , but it 's not like it 'd be some magic bullet that would give the government unlimited internal resources . 
  mlp was dreadfully vague on her monetary policy , to the extent that i doubted she understood herself what she was proposing . 
  what else ? 
  she 'd tax foreigners ' employment contracts , reduce the retirement age , increase welfare benefits , and cut income tax . 
  so the new franc would have to be inflationary - otherwise where does all this free money come from ? 
  she 'd also recruit 15000 more police officers - paid in new francs i suppose - to reduce crime . 
  she promised to deport illegal immigrants - again , this costs money . 
  what 's she going to solve , according to you ? 
   this is what happens when you dismiss millions of people , they 'll go out and vote for the likes of macron . 
  yes , i think all the abuse hurled at them just made them more entrenched . 
  they became more committed to their centrist , pragmatic ways in all the sturm und drang of the election cycle . 
  you could only hope . 
   the [ idea ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/b876b6534b1b1daf900917a6d6c51cc34651bbd4/0_0_2902_1743/master/2902.jpg?w=300&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=4aca98700ff6731a31c285308c8e4086 ) in fairness , the guy at the very front of that queue looks dodgy as fuck . 
   tell me how terrorists are going to throw in the gauntlet * thrown in the towel ( to give up ) * throw down the gauntlet ( to challenge )  anyone studying the reality can see it how it really is . 
  brought to you by the department of redundancy department . 
  usually spelled `` connacht '' unless you 're a brit . 
  it 's very entertaining . 
  the main camera angle for his speech had him framed by the louvre pyramid . 
  very illuminati and the tinfoil hat brigade will have a field day . 
  marion marechal would be even worse in a debate . 
  french voters expect a politician to be serious and coherent , marine failed badly on wednesday but marion would be even worse . 
  cheers bro !, 
  macron aiming for that difficult role : a gracious winner . 
  he 's quite good . 
  came here to say that . 
  mlp appears to have lost support after wednesday 's debate . 
  she performed poorly . 
  the fn should consider replacing her . 
  is this the rothschild muslim terrorists like ? 
  67 % would be very welcome . 
  can see that spelling mistaikes and random capitalisation remain a good marker for crazy political views . 
  interesting read . 
  thanks op !, 
  you self-identify as alt right , your account is a day old . 
  yeah let 's have a discussion !, 
  i 'm sure i have a lot to gain from such an exchange . 
  the more intelligent terrorists tend to avoid capture and death . 
  a suicide bomber might decide to kill himself because it will further a cause , or his family will get money , or he 'll avenge some wrong . 
  this may be a rational calculation , but the act itself - of blowing oneself up for some uncertain future outcome - is by definition irrational . 
  was i harassing someone ? 
  i do hope they found a safe space to retreat to . 
   after ww2 , we were completely shut out of the world order . 
  did we attempt to cling onto our place as a superpower ? 
  not really . 
  we wound down the empire , and resigned ourselves to being just another country . 
  not entirely . 
  you resumed your nuclear program and became the third country to successfully develop and test a nuclear weapon . 
  that 's not becoming ` just another country ' . 
  they 've failed to control it despite promises that they would . 
   the french electoral commission would probably have been ok with the media destroying her . 
  that 's a big assumption . 
  why do you think that ? 
  do you have grounds to impugn the integrity of the french electoral commission ? 
  why do the documents need to be examined and considered by the public ? 
  i 'm sure they will be , but i do n't understand the `` need '' . 
  they were acquired illegally . 
  we assume innocence unless there 's reason to do otherwise , and people have some right to privacy . 
  you did n't burst any bubble . 
  i do n't give a fuck how many languages you speak or pretend to speak . 
  you 're a failure . 
  yep . 
  i went to see it in the late 80s when it finally got a cinematic release . 
  it had already been available on vhs , since the early 80s i guess . 
  i ca n't do better than the first tweet quoted in the article :  funniest part of #macronleaks is the us alt-right , who ca n't read french , spending time on misinterpreting mundane documents . 
   -- marcel d\u00e9 ( @marceld10 ) may 5 , 2017 we really are seeing the vast extent of alt right stupidity in this election . 
  if these fucks were n't so toxic they 'd be a great source of comedy . 
  poxy stupid nazi dopey bunch of retards . 
  in my mind they 're like lego figure size flags . 
  very glad he 's in custody . 
   investigators found a usb key with a video clip of the man pleading allegiance to isis should be `` pledging '' i expect . 
   small isis flags were found on his person and in his car which was parked near the military base . 
  why small flags i wonder ? 
  yeah that 's pretty cool op !, 
  you 're arguing both sides of the same point ? 
  maybe s/he is n't a very good consultant ? 
   unless something is done about the issues which led to her being in the final two of the presidential race , then she 'll be back in 2022 and will win . 
  you do n't specify what those issues are , but i think she made it to the final two mainly because fillon was a poor choice by lr . 
  her final share of the vote was only 3.4 % above what she got in 2012 . 
  in contrast , fillon was over 7 % down on what sarko got in 2012 . 
  she has a long way to go to win in 2022 , and a repeat of the debate performance wo n't help her . 
  from what i 've heard anecdotally , some fillon supporters who were wavering towards the fn were so appalled at her behavior that they 've switched to macron . 
  this appears to be supported by the latest polling .
