  where did you get that from ? 
   `` no deal for britain is better than a bad deal for britain , '' she said . 
  suggesting that all the eu has to offer is something that 's a little bit better than wto rules . 
  mlp has toned down the frexit stuff recently . 
  she 's talking reform rather than leave . 
  in fairness france is pessimistic about most things . 
  and israel wants ? 
  some very interesting data . 
  brexit vote as a proxy for english nationalism seems well supported , as does the older generation selling out the younger . 
  nostalgia for the past is also strong with the leave voters . 
  force for good/ill detail is fascinating too . 
  bit thin on detail tbh . 
   more of a ` one nation ' conservatism she talks the one nation talk , but as yet there 's not much to suggest she 'll follow through on policy . 
  edit : if you 're going to down vote , at least follow through with some detail , bashful tories . 
  any explanation for the big variation in some countries between '14 and ' 15 ? 
  romania , hungary , italy , germany , france , and hr ( ? ), 
  all show significant increase . 
  poland shows a significant decrease . 
  what 's the story here ? 
  weather conditions ? 
   nato and georgia were both meant to join nato . 
  come again ? 
   though , i believe it was the european powers who objected , not the us . 
  who said the us objected ? 
  i 'm guessing the shortfall is made through spending cuts . 
  tories are gon na tory , y' know . 
  it 's interesting to think that a 4 % difference in a non-binding referendum may drastically shift the power distribution of uk society away from normal people and towards corporations and the very rich . 
  did i miss a new rule that we have to discuss this same report once a week ? 
  seriously , this is maybe the fourth time this has been posted . 
  yeah i 'm wondering how this all suits may 's plans to go hard brexit tomorrow . 
  she 'll threaten to do a singapore if the eu wo n't cut a nice trade deal . 
  massive deregulation and tax cuts , erosion of workers ' rights , dismantling health and welfare . 
  removing stormont from the equation simplifies the destruction of ni by direct rule . 
  direct rule was in place four times last decade : * for over three months starting in february 2000 , * twice briefly in august and september of 2001 * from october 2002 until the spring of 2007 it 's what happens when sf and the biggest unionist party ca n't work together . 
   british direct action will do more harm than anything else . 
  but it 's unavoidable if sf and the dup ca n't find a way to collaborate in the executive . 
  it 's too late now , but the secretary for ni should have called foster to task and told her to stand aside while an inquiry was conducted into cash for ash . 
  she has brazened it out up to now because she knows that the tories want to ensure the dup 's westminster votes on brexit . 
  if there 's no executive in stormont , direct rule from westminster fills the gap . 
  if sf wo n't work with foster , and the dup wo n't drop her , there 'll be a stalemate . 
  if there 's no executive in stormont , direct rule from westminster fills the gap . 
  if sf wo n't work with foster , and the dup wo n't drop her , there 'll be a stalemate . 
  no , it 's very unlikely . 
  it 's unlikely there 'll be a big change - maybe a few less [ dup ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_unionist_party ) seats and a few more [ uup ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ulster_unionist_party ) seats . 
  it 's a power-sharing executive by design . 
  the biggest change might be that the democratic unionist party might lose some seats . 
   the secretary of state for northern ireland did interviews all about it this weekend . 
  true , after ignoring it for several weeks . 
   there do n't appear to be clear rules that will apply to the uk 's scenario once it has triggered article 50 let 's back this up a little . 
  do you accept that the uk ca n't begin negotiating on saturday ? 
   the rules on negotiating ftas relate to those member states that are staying in the eu , to me it seems obvious that they do n't make sense for countries that are leaving the eu . 
  [ here 's a more robust analysis ] ( https://www.socialeurope.eu/2016/07/negotiating-trade-deals-brexit/ ) . 
   trade policy is one of the union 's longest-standing exclusive competences . 
  ... where a competence is exclusive , to cite the treaties , `` only the union may legislate and adopt legally binding acts , the member states being able to do so themselves only if so empowered by the union or for the implementation of union acts '' . 
  ...  the member states are bound by the obligation of sincere cooperation to `` refrain from any measure which could jeopardise the attainment of the union 's objectives '' and this means that where eu competence is exclusive they should not engage in making even non-binding proposals , where such proposals may lead to legally binding measures which would affect eu rules . 
  ...  the period between article 50 notification and withdrawal is more complex . 
  here , a change of status has taken place . 
  although still a member state and under obligations of cooperation , the procedure for withdrawal will have been set in motion and a withdrawal agreement will be under negotiation . 
  part of this agreement will likely be designed to ensure a smooth legal transition for those international accords binding the uk by virtue of eu participation , as well as the future of so-called ` mixed ' agreements , to which both eu and member states are parties , in particular those where the uk is a party as an eu member state ( such as the free trade agreement with the republic of korea ) . 
  it is in the interest of both the eu and the uk to ensure clarity in discussions with third country partners . 
  this implies both that the future withdrawal of the uk should not be ignored in the eu 's own trade relations and that the uk will need to discuss future relations and the management of the transition with the eu 's existing ( and future uk ) trade partners . 
  ...  these discussions would be exploratory and not formal negotiations ; in practice the uk will not be able to negotiate the details that matter in new trade agreements , especially on services , until its future relationship with the eu is clear . 
  i 've understood differently from [ this article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36684876 ) :  under eu law , the bloc can not negotiate a separate trade deal with one of its own members , as rules have to apply to all member states equally . 
   similarly , individual member states can not make trade deals with third countries on their own . 
  if it begins negotiating on saturday , the uk will be in breach of eu law . 
  even to begin negotiating after triggering article 50 , the uk will have to make the case that its legal status has irrevocably changed compared to other member states . 
   american health insurance providers already do this . 
  how efficient is the american system ? 
  i thought the uk had to leave the eu before it began negotiating new trade deals ? 
  some of the background to this : the [ renewable heat incentive scandal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/renewable_heat_incentive_scandal ) ( cash for ash ) concerns a scheme to promote renewable energy , overseen by arlene foster ( northern ireland first minister ) when she was minister at the department of enterprise trade and investment . 
  the scheme offered # 1.60 for every # 1 spent on heating from renewable sources , but insufficient controls were in place with the result that applicants began heating spaces that had never previously been heated ( e.g. 
  cattle sheds ) in order to earn the 60 % premium . 
  the majority of the assembly have been calling on foster to quit as first minister , or at least to stand aside while an investigation is carried out . 
  she 's refused and finally martin mcguinness ( deputy first minister ) and sinn f\u00e9in have brought the executive down . 
  unfortunately , the british government is so obsessed with brexit that little or no attention is being paid to what 's been going on in northern ireland . 
  negotiations can begin in april 2019 ? 
  i guess an agreement could be in place for trump 's second term ... 
   no free healthcare for smokers/fatties why stop there ? 
  an inexpensive screening process would weed out some others . 
  exclude those with a family history of heart problems , or cancer , or alzheimer 's . 
  lots of savings to be had . 
  if nato is obsolete , i guess there 's no problem with ukraine joining ? 
   calls for boycotts of the musician beata kozidrak for sharing their video to her song one sure fire way to ensure that a song gets a lot more attention is for it to be banned . 
  you must be great fun at parties . 
   this entire sub lol . 
  thanks . 
  was n't clear on what you meant by `` national level '' . 
  any example ? 
   it is not , apparently , an isolated case . 
  does this mean that , ahem , the jam scam is spreading ? 
   minor question , what is with the irish ? 
  great bunch of lads . 
  no , you specify the rule as follows : - priority to fill jobs will be given to people who have been on the unemployment register for three months or more . 
  this does n't explicitly favour people of a specific eu nationality ; it favours people who are present in the administrative system . 
  the majority of these are likely to be austrian nationals ( if you 're a young irish person and find yourself unemployed in austria , you 'd probably go home after a couple of months without any job ) , but in theory the priority is available to any eu citizen who meets the 3 + month unemployment requirement . 
  the ecj might find the law invalid if the commission brought a case , but that takes a few years and in the meanwhile kern has bolstered his party support by `` prioritizing austrians '' . 
  [ bit more detail here . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/austria-to-propose-plans-for-businesses-to-hire-local-workers-ahead-of-other-eu-citizens/a-37102115 )  the most eye-catching of kern 's proposals were his calls for the eu to allow austrian employers to give priority to local candidates before other eu citizens . 
   `` that means - only if there is no suitable unemployed person in the country can ( a job ) be given to new arrivals without restriction , '' kern 's plan read . 
  the proposal singles out migrants from eastern europe , countries he accused of `` exporting their joblessness to austria . '',
