  the situation is pretty dire in france . 
  many smaller grocers do n't even stock fresh milk . 
  people living within a five-mile radius of the pfizer plant are at it like rabbits due to airborne particles of viagra and contamination of the groundwater . 
  still waiting for your statistics . 
   someone can vote , and also fail to integrate . 
  voting is engaging in the political process . 
  it 's an aspect of integration with society . 
  abstaining is an act of separation from society . 
  in fact there 's one quotation ( using a  ) and two usages of quotation marks around phrases . 
  the poster i was responding to also used quotation marks around a phrase . 
  you can read about such usage here : [ scare quotes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scare_quotes ) nothing funny at all . 
  it 's common usage . 
  try to describe it . 
  should an inner-city youth , third-generation descendant of immigrants , be a member of his or her labour club or tory branch ? 
  what 's the pull factor ? 
  why would s/he engage ? 
  political activity is very much inherited , for a range of reasons , or it arises from social or work milieux . 
  there 's a clear political class in the uk . 
  how can one avoid stagnation and sclerosis of the political pipeline without external groups that advocate greater participation ? 
  it 's not clear to me how one can complain about lack of integration on the one hand , then chastise efforts to engage immigrants politically on the other . 
  i agree the poster is shit , but if you look at this organisation 's work over 20 years , it 's clear that they seek to widen the franchise . 
  maybe on brexit they were too partisan , but brexit is not the be all and end all . 
  your criticism of obv as a professional victim group is unwarranted , imo . 
  produced by saatchi & saatchi afaik . 
   because they already are one of the most active voting groups . 
  do you have stats on that ? 
  this obv organisation predates blm by 20 years by the way . 
  i 'm interested in how ethnic minority youth in britain are on the one hand `` failing to integrate '' while on the other hand `` undeserving of efforts to encourage political participation '' ... 
   the whole premise of organising a separate ` black vote ' is backwards and socially harmful . 
  answering this one separately . 
  the premise is not a ** separate black vote ** . 
  the premise is voter registration . 
  edit : before you downvote , [ have a look at the obv website ] ( http://www.obv.org.uk/about-us/objectives ) to understand what their goals are . 
   i do n't think ethnic minorities need encouragement to vote anymore than white british people do . 
  leaving aside the poster for a moment and focusing on this . 
  do you complain about the integration of immigrants to uk society ? 
  do you feel 2nd or 3rd generation descendants of immigrants are too separate from society or are living too much in enclaves ? 
  to summarise , and let 's drop all the north american stuff , you 're saying that operation black vote , an organisation supported by john major , is a professional victim group ? 
  you 're saying that there 's no reason to encourage members of ethnic minorities in the uk to engage with the political process by , for example , registering to vote . 
   the xixth century the xxth century . 
  i like how the graph uses green after a certain point because , y' know , it 's okay to be a * bit rapey * , just not * too rapey * . 
  seriously who came up with the colour scheme op ? 
  it 's proportional . 
  if i go to a different office * within * france i get charged more than my colleagues there . 
  the subsidy is based on being attached to the canteen concerned . 
  orsay is compact , focused , and very manageable in an afternoon . 
  the louvre is sprawling , diverse , and you could easily spend three days there . 
  i love both , but prefer to bring visitors to orsay because it 's more manageable . 
  oops , yeah . 
  this is where it was : http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-40655843  on the brexit `` divorce bill '' for example , i 'm told the expectation across whitehall is that it will be somewhere between 30 and 50 billion euros . 
   because it 's a public discussion and i do n't whatever i want buddy you do n't what whatever you want ? 
  you tagged me , you 're clearly desperate for my attention , so what 's bugging you ? 
   you are giving yourself way too much credit/importance triggered little man . 
  you drip pomposity from every phrase . 
   i merely back him up when he said you were a moron but why bother your arse when the discussion was hours before and had nothing to do with you ? 
  you 're trying to pick a fight - you tagged me so i could see your post . 
  either you just randomly throw insults around , or i hurt your feels at some point . 
  which is it ? 
   you can keep going if you have nothing better to do of your day . 
  prepositions is hard , huh ? 
  i 'll do whatever i want buddy . 
   the tails of the income distribution do n't compete at all . 
  in some places they do . 
  compare central london 50 years ago and today . 
  omg !, 
  you had a point to make ? 
  i thought you were just being a mong . 
  why get involved ? 
  did i hurt your feelings somehow ? 
  not sure what you mean by unilateral ? 
  the requirements for such a suspension are detailed in the article :  a motion to suspend poland 's voting rights would then need to win the support of member states under the eu 's system of qualified majority voting . 
  two-thirds of the european parliament would also need to give its consent . 
  someone said recently ( kuenssberg , maybe ? ), 
  that a figure of ~ ~ 30m-50m ~ ~ 30bn-50bn is generally accepted in whitehall . 
  very weird dynamic in the british cabinet at the moment . 
  deep divisions with no leadership and davis trying to negotiate without a common position . 
  there is no plaice in the eu for such codology . 
  please let minnow when batter legislation is enacted . 
  sending less fishy fishsticks solely to eastern consumers is a bass act . 
  they would n't put up with this in finland !, 
  i 'm sure the companies concerned are left floundering to excuse their action , but let 's face it any excuse is pollocks . 
  let 's hope that after herring the report the eu will mullet over and take action . 
  seems a bit harsh for people who plan a two-parent family but whose circumstances change . 
  i 'd rather offer education/training bursaries to young women who do n't sprog up before age 20 or 21 . 
  you 're late to the party . 
  is your mum restricting your internet access again ? 
  what if they 're married and the dad is a fuckwit ? 
  but more generally , how do you prevent single parenthood at a societal level ? 
  my friend 's partner died when their kids were very small . 
  he would 've been a great dad , but he passed away . 
  what does one do then ? 
  the mother is working every hour to provide a decent home . 
  she might never meet someone with whom she can establish a relationship . 
  her kids are growing up a bit dodgy because she 's not always there for them . 
  it 's all around difficult but without some heavy handed state intervention i do n't see how to make it better . 
  bibi wants to give europe lessons on establishing enduring polities ? 
  an israeli wants to speak out against immigration to a foreign land ? 
  c'mon people , get a grip . 
  i 'll probably give up posting as a result . 
  how do you plan to stop it ?
