  money gets passed around to fund terrorist attacks - the guys who survive get to spend what money remains . 
  he was trying to warn us about the machines . 
  there 's a good british comedy called ` four lions ' on this theme . 
  functionally it has some similarities . 
  saying `` it 's the same '' is quite simply wrong . 
  i do n't know what you hope to achieve by drawing some equivalence here , but you 're wrong . 
  rotherham went on for over a decade and included abduction , rape , torture and sex trafficking of children . 
  i 'm not belittling what went on on nye in cologne , but it 's nowhere near as serious . 
  the ones who commit suicide/get killed yes . 
  the guys managing them are n't though . 
  it reminds me of the guy who drove his car at some soldiers recently in south east france . 
  he survived but is in hospital . 
  maybe the crazies are all coming out at once . 
  no , i do n't think he was very smart . 
  wearing an apparent explosives vest is an invitation to be shot asap . 
  armed only with a knife ? 
  i guess so , but he 'd want to be damn stupid . 
  is pepper spray legal in germany ? 
  at the risk of repeating myself , i 'll refer back to the quotation i posted above . 
  one german guy got himself between a group of older foreign men and the younger women . 
  he did n't have to start a fight , just tell them to back off . 
  the young women got away . 
  groups of guys who hassle women are cowards - stand up to them and they 'll think twice . 
  suicide by cop . 
  ahmed can take his chances because my kumpels g\u00fcnther and horst have got my back . 
  but we are wandering into the hypothetical - the point is that we should n't let shit like this go down before our eyes without doing something . 
  the police can only do so much and everyone needs to be aware of what 's going on around them . 
  i 'm not arguing for militias , just common decency . 
  reading about the guys who 've attacked france , they seem to be motivated as much by adrenalin-seeking and nihilism as anything else . 
  if they were n't reacting to strikes on isis , they 'd be reacting to french intervention in mali , or french policy on palestine , or french arms sales to saudi arabia , or french love of champagne and good food . 
  i agree with corbyn that we should look at the causes of terrorism , but i still think these guys were looking for a way to kill themselves while taking others with them . 
  if they could n't explain it by french air strikes , they 'd have found another excuse . 
  it seems to be always possible to find some young men to kill others in the name of a cause . 
  the stupider ones get sent on suicide missions . 
  love this . 
  make noise . 
  phone the police . 
  get in between one or two of them and their targets . 
  call on other people to help . 
  what do you propose ? 
  keep walking past with your head down ? 
  civilized and polite society does n't happen without effort . 
   this is rotherham all over again in fairness rotherham was more serious abuse and went on for a lot longer . 
  while merkel 's stance on refugees is likely to encourage britons to vote to leave the eu . 
  the accounts i 've read do n't suggest there 's a single group of 1000 aggressors , but many many smaller groups . 
  see here : [ cologne attacks : ` women were screaming ' ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35248765 )  i saw a group of older foreign men go up to a group of younger girls ( they looked under 18 ) in the underground train and started pushing them around and touching them , and the girls stumbled near to the train tracks . 
  but thankfully a german man stood up and defended them , so the girls were able to run away . 
  you see harassment then intervene if you can ; if not find some people who can . 
  not just a police rethink . 
  everyone needs to be more aware of their surroundings and what 's going on in crowded areas . 
  if someone is assaulting someone else , intervene or find someone who can intervene . 
  i 'm not sure my liberalism = your liberals . 
  i think the major news publications did defend the value that they base their profession on . 
  your problem is that they did n't defend it the way you wanted them to . 
  i agree to some extent - personally i 'd have published the ch covers as i think bild am sonntag did in germany . 
  but i recognize that this is just my response and that major newspapers ' reactions are not always going to be the same as mine . 
  this does n't mean that they 've abandoned free speech . 
  the pen award is the `` freedom of speech establishment '' recognizing ch for its stance . 
  if o'neill 's thesis was true , the award would have gone to someone else . 
  this view that all liberals were apologists for islamism is just lazy . 
  [ libre belgique ] ( http://www.lalibre.be/actu/belgique/attentats-de-paris-bouzid-et-kayal-controlaient-les-assaillants-depuis-bruxelles-568c15e43570ed3894f23e1e ) has something about two coordinators . 
  ( my quick translation of the first para ) : investigators believe ` bouzid ' and ` kayal ' controlled the assailants from brussels . 
  belgian investigators are almost certain they 've identified the two people based in belgium with whom the paris attackers exchanged sms messages for a long time during the evening of november 13th 2015 . 
  it 's not a surprise : these are two men who 've been sought since december 4th , according to a source close to the inquiry . 
  i think syringes were found the aparthotel where salah abdesalam rented rooms . 
  yeah , really for fuck 's sake what the fuck is that about ? 
  this is a selective reading of the situation . 
  there was some victim blaming in the wake of the ch killings , but there was also plenty of robust defense of liberal traditions . 
  some people complained about the pen awards , but plenty of others supported the decision . 
  and guess what ? 
  within liberalism there is space for differences of opinion , unlike among the more dogmatic traditions . 
  o'neill wants the sky to be falling down , but it 's just rain . 
  ireland still has [ anti-blasphemy law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blasphemy_law_in_the_republic_of_ireland ) on the books , despite promises to hold a referendum to abolish it . 
  there were [ concerns ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/feb/05/charlie-hebdo-ireland-blasphemy-law-image-of-prophet ) about the sale of the ch survivors ' issue , but i do n't think anything came of it . 
  agency name checks out :-), 
  a good number seem to come from former british colonies so they have english as a second language . 
  others have family or friends already in the uk . 
  the british economy is normally better than the french from a jobs point of view , so migrants are more likely to pick up work either formally or casually . 
  another reason i 've seen is that the lack of id card requirement in britain means it 's easier to live under the radar . 
  it 's probably a combination of factors , but there 's definitely a big pull toward mainland britain . 
  i 've seen some of these guys being interviewed with bad injuries after they fell trying to climb the fences around the port or tunnel . 
  the [ olive tree of vouves ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/8487677.jpg ) and its [ dedicated museum ] ( http://www.olivemuseumvouves.com/pages.aspx?id=2&amp;lang=en ) . 
  the [ llangernyw yew ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/03/the_llangernyw_yew.jpg ) . 
  i 'd be worried about a big group . 
  the migrants in calais are getting more organized . 
  it maybe only a matter of time before a large number - hundreds or people - storms the fences around the tunnel and forces their way through . 
  in addition to language : family , lack of id card requirement means more possibility to live under the radar , larger informal employment sector . 
   furthermore it would be in france 's interest to accept this . 
  it would prevent camps of people sitting in legal limbo like at calais . 
  the french government has tried to resettle people from calais in other parts of france , but very few of them ( about 10 % ) will accept to apply for asylum in france . 
  they really want to get to britain , so they refuse to apply or they apply and then disappear . 
  a few of them , maybe 30 , accepted to be resettled inside france last year , but that 's less than 1 % of the total . 
  security is huge and very expensive around calais , but people will find a way through . 
  804 nationwide afaik . 
  i 'd expect fewer than 50 inside paris . 
  thanks for that link - interesting cover of a brassens classic . 
  not sure that `` god '' is exclusively catholic ? 
  should belong to all the monotheistic religions ? 
  charlie hebdo pandering to the pantheists and animists as usual . 
  who the hell sends e-mails containing ` account continued approval ' requests on december 27th with a one week response time ?
