  again i 'd note that i 'm not arguing for circumcision . 
  i 'm simply pointing out * why * it might have emerged as a cultural norm in ancient times . 
   genocide of british people is finally conning to an end . 
  conning is exactly right . 
  uk trade balance is certainly looking better , and will probably continue to improve . 
  i 'll console myself with that thought when i miss chatting with my friend in the autumn ;-), 
  may 's vainglorious bid for a supermajority has caused brexit to turn into an even greater debacle than before . 
   how do you feel today ? 
  i 'm a bit sad because i found out from a friend this morning that she 's returning to north america , partly as a result of brexit . 
  she lives in france but works for a uk company , and her salary has taken a serious hit with the decline of sterling . 
  she 's fed up with the uncertainty and feels this is a good time for her to make the move . 
  we have [ overbeck 's own words  ( http://italiaundgermania.blogspot.fr/ )  `` italia and germania are both somewhat elements , that on one hand , confront each other with a foreign presence , but however my mission is now to melt them into one . 
  it is on one hand a tribute to the homeland and on the other , a charm of everything beautiful and lordly , for which i am thankful to enjoy presently '', 
  germania going in for the kiss but italia is n't sure she wants to take it to the next level . 
   the un can fuck off and disappear for all i care . 
  too edgy for me . 
   hiv is a very recent disease yeah i 'm aware of that , what i wrote was :   assuming such virii have emerged in the past -----  circumcision performed outside of a medical environment will not lead to more fatalities i dunno that there 's that many fatalities . 
  the jews were practicing it thousands of years ago and it does n't make sense to continue a practice that costs you male children . 
   marginal improvement in hiv transmission rates will prevent . 
  it 's better than marginal - the who is saying approximately 60 %, 
  fuck off , i was providing a reason why circumcision might have emerged in the past . 
  i 'm not fucking arguing for it now . 
  it 's also not a `` bunch of shit '' . 
  here 's the world health organization : [ there is compelling evidence that male circumcision reduces the risk of heterosexually acquired hiv infection in men by approximately 60 % . 
  three randomized controlled trials have shown that male circumcision provided by well trained health professionals in properly equipped settings is safe . 
  who/unaids recommendations emphasize that male circumcision should be considered an efficacious intervention for hiv prevention in countries and regions with heterosexual epidemics , high hiv and low male circumcision prevalence . 
  ] ( http://www.who.int/hiv/topics/malecircumcision/en/ ), 
  there 's some evidence circumcision reduces hiv transmission , so at certain times , assuming such virii have emerged in the past , circumcision as a cultural norm may have been reproductively selective . 
  edit : dopey downvoting monkeys , the world health organization agrees with me . 
  ah y' know there 's nothing like treating a veruca to make you conscious of the overall state of your foot . 
  interesting !, 
  til . 
  alain is also a breton name , meaning either fox or deer , if i recall correctly . 
  bless you my child . 
   a total of 1,363 british nationals submitted a completed dossier last year , a figure that compares with 385 applications in 2015 , according to the interior ministry , a 254 percent rise from one year to the next . 
  would be interesting to see a per-month breakdown - presumably the big increase is from july-december . 
  i know several british nationals who own property in france and have begun the process to acquire french citizenship * just in case * . 
  they have little faith in the british government looking out for their interests , so those who meet the criteria to become french are doing so . 
  the big question : does alain jupp\u00e9 support their struggle ? 
  that would be an ecumenical matter . 
  some people do . 
  it was probably more common in the last century , but afaik irish people have the right to register in their anglicised or irish name . 
  some people call me by the irish version of my name rather than what 's on my birth cert because the names are interchangeable . 
  yes !, 
  you spelled it better than i would 've . 
  but because she 's a woman it 'd be n\u00ed sh\u00failleabh\u00e1in ( knee hoolawaun ) , because n\u00ed is sort of `` daughter of '' and certain vowel sounds affect the spelling of succeeding words ( lentition , maybe ? 
  it 's such an amazing coincidence that they found people with such appropriate names to use as the examples !, 
  well i would n't kick her out of bed for eating tayto . 
   dup are n't officially sectarian though . 
  the gfa is clear on what the different communities are and what interests need to be balanced in order to ensure * rigorous impartiality * . 
  the dup clearly represents one set of interests . 
  that 's unambiguous in their name and their principles . 
  sectarianism is n't just about religion . 
  already ni politics are moving to the extremes - only dup and sf won seats in the latest westminster elections , so the ` moderate ' voices ( sdlp , alliance ) are completely absent . 
  this tory/dup deal is going to harden attitudes even further , imo . 
  edit : check out [ sammy wilson 's bio ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sammy_wilson_ ( politician \\ ) ) for an idea of dup mp calibre . 
  i had [ aoibheann n\u00ed bhroin ] ( http://cdn-01.independent.ie/life/travel/article31582916.ece/04da1/autocrop/w620/passport%20card.jpg ) when i last renewed my passport , but when i went to look for a picture , she seems to have some competition with [ lauren o'sullivan ] ( http://aws-cdn-01.shemazing.ie/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/getmediafile_4.png ) aoibheann n\u00ed bhroin is a very irish name ; lauren o'sullivan is less so . 
  elizabeth alexandra mary of the house saxe-coburg and gotha ( duchy of saxe-coburg and gotha , belgium , portugal , bulgaria , united kingdom ) , of which the parent house was house of wettin ( belgium , bulgaria , germany , latvia , lithuania , poland , portugal ) . 
  she 's very european :-), 
   eu intend to confer rights equivalent to eu citizens very interesting . 
  i know a lot of people affected by this . 
   to be fair , there are benefits to both sides for holding talks in private . 
  one side has a single party , the other side has 27 parties . 
  private talks were simply unrealistic . 
  well done belgian security force !, 
  we do n't know the exact nature of the challenge , but it 's likely to be based on the sectarian nature of the dup . 
  the point is not that no party from ni could join the govt , but that no * sectarian * party could . 
  so any party with cross community support is okay . 
  in fact , the challenge might even be more subtle in arguing that the british govt should not be beholden to a sectarian party , i.e. 
  no depending on them to attain a majority . 
   acceptance of this challenge by the court would effectively throw basic principles of representative democracy out of the window . 
  it would mean that certain people , no matter how they vote , can not be in government . 
  acceptance of the challenge by the court simply means that the court accepts there 's a need for judicial review . 
  it does n't mean anything else . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` no matter how they vote '' . 
  if the judicial review finds that the coalition is in breach of the gfa , the government will have to either abandon the coalition or abandon the gfa . 
   this is not just unconstitutional in what way is it unconstitutional ? 
   not the first time anti-brexit camp demonstrates their hatred for democratic process , and probably not the last lol . 
  either the coalition is in breach of the gfa or it 's not . 
  it 's nothing to do with hatred for democratic process . 
  why do you think this is the anti-brexit camp ? 
   who 's never really had a proper job both cleese and juncker studied law , but neither ever worked as a lawyer afaik . 
  yeah , him and many others since 2001 . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  people have been droning on about the death of europe since the turn of this century . 
  it 's a regular cottage industry for fuck 's sake . 
  i get the feeling murray missed the ( migrant ) boat on this one . 
  if he 'd published 10 months ago he 'd have been hailed as a genius ; now it just seems like a rehashing of various talking points that have been covered in great detail already . 
   french police said they arrested nine eritreans found aboard one of the blockaded lorries . 
  try them for reckless endangerment . 
  every time these blockades happen the people responsible should be caught and put on trial . 
  i think the eu should be as accommodating as possible while still respecting its own principles . 
  this is n't taking a ** hard line ** , it 's simply being consistent . 
  a hard line would be the other option in the survey ( not compromise at all ) , for which support is perhaps 15 % -20 % ,, 
   scenarios where self-proclaimed doctors of various religious or cultural groups will instead perform the circumcision unfortunately this happens already , even though legal circumcision is available in sanitary conditions . 
  for example , [ this unpleasant case ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2013/04/07/health/new-york-neonatal-herpes/index.html ) . 
   `` it 's [ the current year ] ... '' and where are the flying cars !?!, 
  i was promised flying cars !, 
  make it an elective surgery that young adult men can avail of at age 18 . 
  ban for kids outside certain defined medical reasons .
