  no wonder john hurt passed away last week . 
  the world can only have one caligula at a time . 
  but what has changed is that britain will no longer be , as friedman put it in the original 2012 article , * enmeshed in europe * . 
  in fact options have been reduced rather than retained . 
  for some years now there 's been a tacit alliance between north american anti-islam campaigners and the european far right . 
  they attend each other 's events and promote each other 's websites and so on . 
  this has led to some splits in the us anti-islam groups because some people refuse to have anything to do with fascists . 
  however , there are still plenty of hard-right islamophobes in the us who vocally support the israeli hawks and are content to ally with old-school european fascists . 
  it 's bizarre , but i do n't expect logical consistency from such people . 
   the idea that a certain leader is in power should be irrelevant should be yes , but look at how turkey 's bid has been set back of late . 
  fair enough . 
  i merely linked to it because i 've seen the list mentioned a few times recently and there 's a certain similarity with eco 's list . 
   while ~ ~ q ~ ~ control hunts for the mole ftfy, 
   i meant `` employment opportunities in places other than the uk '' . 
  yes , i expect so . 
   not `` global trade efficiency '' . 
  no , the uk secession is going to reduce global trade efficiency , at least on the 10 year horizon . 
  i 've been thinking about this article a lot recently . 
  there 's also this list from lawrence britt : [ fourteen defining characteristics of fascism ] ( http://www.rense.com/general37/char.htm ), 
  my thoughts are with their families . 
  might be changing my dentist . 
  details here : http://www.guedelon.fr/en/how-can-i-participate_95.html, 
  i went a few years ago . 
  it 's impressive . 
  one of my kids will go back this year with school . 
  i might try to get there in the summer too . 
  that 's bollocks i 'm afraid . 
  that 's an unpleasant thing to wish for . 
  i have friends and family in the uk . 
  yeah that 's what i understood it to be . 
  yeah and he said it on tv so that should help convince trump . 
  but really , they should be sending this guy against isis if he 's felix fucking leiter . 
  how the fuck does this eejit think he brought down the soviet union ? 
   i helped bring down the soviet union lol . 
  if i was able to name any previous us ambassadors to the eu , this might concern me . 
  but i ca n't . 
  i looked up their names - do n't recognize a single one of them . 
  the megalithic ireland site puts it at about 1900 years old but built on an existing hillfort :  the stone fort is believed to have been built in the 1st century , on the site of an early iron age ( c 500 bc ) multivallate hillfort . 
  the outline of the mostly-eroded ramparts , or earthen banks , can be seen below the fort . 
  the hillfort is one of only 5 irish sites marked on ptolemy of alexandria 's 2nd century map of the world . 
  from the 5th to 12th century ad it served as the royal seat of the ui neill , ruler of the fifth of ulster , which extended from tyrone to donegal and beyond partly destroyed in 1101 by murtagh o\u2019brien , then ruler of the fifth of munster , in retaliation for the ui neill 's destruction of his royal seat at kincora . 
  o\u2019brien reportedly ordered his soldiers to each take a stone from the fort so that grianan would be reduced to a ruin . 
  grainan was restored between 1874 and 1879 by dr. walter bernard , a derry antiquarian . 
  an unequivocal mandate . 
   we have the opportunity to lead , together , again right after that is this part :  she is expected to tell lawmakers that the ** us and uk together `` made the modern world . 
  '' **  `` the institutions upon which that world relies were ** so often conceived or inspired by our two nations working together ** , '' she is due to say . 
  i think it 's a fair headline . 
  edit : itv news commentator who was at her speech gave the same `` lead the world '' line . 
   may will travel to philadelphia thursday to * become the first serving foreign leader from outside the us * to speak at the annual congressional republican retreat . 
  wtf ? 
  there are too many words there . 
  `` the first serving foreign leader to speak ... '' `` the first serving leader from outside the us ... '' has n't trump accused cnn of being fake news ? 
   if may betrays us on migration , minority ethnic brexiters will switch sides yeah , but by then it 's going to be too late i expect . 
  there 's been a bit too much `` britain is bursting at the seams '' rhetoric for may to suddenly allow a big uptick in visas from commonwealth countries . 
  lol . 
  i 'll say whatever i damn please thank you very much . 
  it was n't a comment ; it was a question . 
  [ and the uk ? 
  ] ( http://oilprice.com/latest-energy-news/world-news/russia-almost-doubles-gas-exports-to-the-uk.html ) [ does it buy oil and gas from putin ? 
  ] ( http://visual.ons.gov.uk/uk-energy-how-much-what-type-and-where-from/ ), 
   you seem to imply that you subscribe to the ... oh so you 're one of those guys who makes allegations based on appearances without evidence ? 
  well , albert was born in germany but his ( cousin ? 
  second cousin ? ), 
  victoria was born in england , iirc . 
  phil the greek was born in corfu . 
  just hope nobody tells donny that phil is an immigrant . 
   better than the lies you wrote previously what ? 
  you 're mixing me up with someone else a chara . 
  i wrote that before your edit . 
  lol . 
   what you totally failed to do is link this to russia it 's like i can see the spittle forming on the edges of your mouth ... 
  no , helsunki !, 
  i dunno , what are you accusing me of exactly ? 
   hell , ask louis xiv how `` la france c'est moi '' turned out for him ... fine for him . 
  he was on the throne for 72 years . 
  it was louis xvi who lost his head . 
  no , he died of gangrene at the age of 76 . 
   she 's a representative of french people and she can have the courtesy to let people know ahead of time that she 's planning to visit with her entourage . 
   it 's all just a pr stunt to create this exact headline . 
  and that , ladies and gentlemen , is how the fn stays in the headlines . 
  when gina miller mounted her legal challenge , did you think it would succeed ? 
  luxembourg is cool if you have n't been there . 
  there 's an old fortress on the maginot line that 's been turned into a hotel . 
  some friends stayed there , but i ca n't remember the name :(, 
   we will see what she achieves ... 
  i wo n't hold my breath . 
   since when is uk kissing putin ? 
  the day after may pays homage to trump ? 
   the country is even ready to put the queen within grabbing distance of america 's helmsman : plans are afoot for a summer state visit , in which mr trump reportedly wants the monarch to watch him golf at balmoral , her scottish estate . 
  for shame britain , for shame . 
   slightly different definitions of left and right in the uk that does n't make the economist `` left wing '' . 
  it promotes free trade , liberal policies , globalization , free movement of goods , service , capital , people , and so on . 
  the only thing reason you 're calling it left wing is because it opposed and continues to oppose brexit . 
  has it occurred to you that the economist and financial times might both still be right wing publications that simply have a different perspective on brexit ? 
   the left-wing press yeah , should be called * the ecommunist * , amirite ? 
  it 's just a throwaway comment - malloch makes me think of malloc , but i 'm allocating zero memory to him . 
  quite simply mantes la jolie is n't a ghetto . 
  there 's a public housing development there that they might be referring to , but the town itself is fine . 
   the immigrant ghetto mantes-la-jolie did the article in polish really say this ? 
  [ yes ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-wpse9bmpay4/uwrt0jjubsi/aaaaaaaaajg/3p7noavrmsa/s1600/thatcher2.jpg ),
