  good laugh . 
   always pick cholera over plague words to live by . 
   on topic : if what they say about leadsom being a religious nutjob , it 's very scary . 
  from the telegraph :  [ mrs leadsom says : `` i am a very committed christian . 
  i think my values and everything i do is driven by that . 
  it 's very important to me . 
  i actually study the bible in parliament with a group of colleagues and i do go to church but i am not a regular . 
  there 's the cross party christians in parliament group and there are various bible studies groups , which i find incredibly helpful . '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/02/andrea-leadsom-interview-thatcher-god-and-why-i-should-be-prime/ )  does she pray often ? 
  `` i do pray a lot - all the time - mostly for support and doing the right thing . 
  that 's what i really want -- to be seen as principled and honourable and not the opposite ; to do the right thing . '' but , y' know , if the uk is as fucked as some of the doomsayers predict , maybe prayer is the best approach ? 
  leadsom has very very little experience for a pm . 
  i know thatcher had n't a huge amount of high-profile experience before 1975 , but she did have more than leadsom . 
  perhaps less than you think . 
   classified as foreign citizens by this study . 
  lol , controversial , 
  what 's the story with derry , tyrone , fermanagh , and armagh in northern ireland ? 
  i presume these are locals who have chosen irish nationality ? 
  yeah me too . 
  i was really hoping they 'd get through . 
  seemed to have lost the fire they played with in quarter final . 
  people who live in the desert , like bedouins and tuaregs . 
  in fact , most canvas tents are n't waterproof but are water resistant . 
  they become wet , but so long as you stay away from the fabric the water does n't enter the tent . 
  this is why you do n't leave things against the edges of a canvas tent . 
  it 's his wife sarah vine . 
  i think the point is that gove has killed off his friends ( cameron and johnson ) with her encouragement . 
  the really scary part for me is that blair still considers his actions justified and still considers himself a religious person . 
   brexit has not just been wonderful for the uk , are you from the future ? 
  sneaking into bulgaria is the new extreme sport . 
  waterproof tents , ideally . 
  it 's coming on, 
  [ chilcot report : findings at a glance ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-36721645 ) lowlights : * the uk chose to join the invasion of iraq before the peaceful options for disarmament had been exhausted . 
  military action at that time was not a last resort . 
  * there was no imminent threat from saddam hussein . 
  * judgements about the severity of threat posed by iraq 's weapons of mass destruction - known as wmd - were presented with a certainty that was not justified . 
  * the invasion began on 20 march 2003 but not until 13 march did then attorney general lord goldsmith advise there was on balance a secure legal basis for military action . 
  apart from no 10 's response to his letter on 14 march , no formal record was made of that decision and the precise grounds on which it was made remain unclear . 
  * the uk 's actions undermined the authority of the united nations security council . 
  * despite explicit warnings , the consequences of the invasion were underestimated . 
  the planning and preparations for iraq after saddam hussein were `` wholly inadequate '' . 
  * the government failed to achieve the stated objectives it had set itself in iraq . 
  * the report sets out lessons to be learned : it found mr blair overestimated his ability to influence us decisions on iraq ; and the uk 's relationship with the us does not require unconditional support . 
  yes , they 're not running around flailing their arms like the rest of the british establishment . 
  and for this they get all the points . 
  my wife is worried carney will be the next to resign , but i think he 's made of sterner stuff , being hiberno-canadian and all . 
   shift their import dependency away from the eu . 
  if the euro and sterling are both weakening relative to other currencies , sterling becomes more dependent on the eu rather than less . 
  i guess you need to take your pleasure where you find it . 
  got ta hand it to him . 
  he 's been playing the long con and he 's played it perfectly . 
   dont pretend i am somehow willing it to happen lol . 
  no , you 'll just be extra smug when it does though . 
  so he 's picked up some support ? 
  he was at a 5 % approval rating last time i checked . 
  unfortunately , nigel and boris did a runner with the 350 million . 
   they seem to never be going anywhere , though ? 
  maybe germany now ? 
   do n't blame the man for taking free money that 's put in front of him . 
  like the collection boxes in churches , amirite ? 
  so the brexit vote was primarily frustrated internationalists expressing their dissatisfaction at letting in too many europeans and not enough people from other places ? 
  or paddy power . 
   nicola sturgeon and mark carney they 've both been impressive and shown a good level of competence . 
  i hope the remaining seven stay in syria and are buried there with their asshole comrades . 
  does this mean that the uk political establishment has failed to reassure the markets that a sensible exit deal will be worked out in a timely manner to allay uncertainties ? 
   he wants to change the system going forward . 
  but one of the main points of brexit is that eu citizens lose their right to live and work in the uk . 
  you ca n't just change this for future migrants - exiting the eu means changing things for current migrants . 
  how was this not clear during the campaign ? 
  if the uk abandons free movement but it wants to keep existing eu citizens who work there , it will need to find some arrangement for them ( visas , citizenship if they 've been there long enough ) . 
   because we wanted to leave . 
  is it really that hard to understand ? 
  it is very hard to understand why someone who campaigns to leave the eu largely on the grounds that free movement is unacceptable , can then turn around and say `` do n't make this about people who 've moved country '' . 
   the leave campaigners are insisting that they do n't want to use eu citizens as bargaining chips like it or not , if free movement is unacceptable to leave campaigners , eu citizens necessarily become bargaining chips . 
   all prominent leave campaigners stated that eu nationals should be allowed to stay . 
  all prominent leave campaigners could state that the moon is made of cheese but that does n't make it so . 
   the euro-tunnel was built on that agreement . 
  no , the tunnel was built before the agreement . 
  i looked at the headline and thought `` maybe that 's not so bad - gone from 5 % to 10 % or something like that . '', 
  but  the number of businesses pessimistic about the economy over the next twelve months jumped to 49 percent in the week following the referendum from 25 percent is quite disturbing . 
  in the uk , we are entering what 's traditionally the [ `` silly season '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silly_season ) , where parliament closes and there 's not a lot of `` news '' . 
  of course this year the silly season is deadly serious , and there are new political developments every day . 
   brokenshire , answering an urgent question from the labour mp gisela stuart -- herself a prominent brexit supporter -- said it would be `` unwise '' for the government to guarantee anything without reciprocal assurances about the status of the 1.2 million uk nationals living elsewhere in the eu . 
   stuart condemned the government stance , saying it was `` deeply , deeply offensive '' to deny millions of people the right to plan their lives for the next couple of years . 
  `` people are not bargaining chips , '' she said . 
  well for fuck 's sake gisela , why did n't you think about this before campaigning to leave ? 
  pretending that this is a surprise is `` deeply , deeply offensive '' . 
   a company owned by the french government . 
  [ nope ] ( http://www.eurotunnelgroup.com/uk/shareholders-and-investors/key-figures/shareholder-analysis/ ) you may be thinking of eurostar , which is half owned by the sncf if i recall correctly . 
  it 's easier to control eurostar than the ferries . 
  the `` zeal of the newly converted '' is the description i 'm familiar with . 
  perhaps close to `` plus royaliste que le roi '' ? 
  the good old * drawbridge approach * to immigration . 
  i 've a few english friends in france who are doing the same . 
  others are checking out their irish ancestry . 
   some may argue that carswell if he became leader would be better for the image of the party as well . 
  maybe , but the core support probably do n't want carswell because he 's opposed to the sort of things that attracted them to farage ( race baiting , migration scares , etc ) . 
  it 's a bit like the bojo situation - some people who voted brexit wanted boris but now they have gove or may . 
  other people who voted brexit wanted nigel * but they 'll possibly end up with carswell . 
  * wanted nigel in the sense that they supported ukip based on his leadership . 
  jeremy corbyn is the high sparrow .
