  basically , they want to advertise their opinions but only to people who agree with their opinions . 
  it 's a bit like joining one of the hive mind subs on reddit . 
  they are signalling to other fuckheads but not to the public at large . 
  it 's hidden communication . 
  it 's like masonic handshakes for mouth-breathing scumbags . 
  the [ adl keeps a database ] ( http://www.adl.org/combating-hate/hate-on-display/summary-view.html?hate_symbol_category=numeric-hate-symbols#.wc8j03rq490 ) . 
  are you suggesting that russia did n't try to influence the us election ? 
  i 'm always amazed at how `` brave '' anti-semites and neo-fascists have to hide behind these codes , like 88 and such nonsense . 
   scotland 's senior law officer , the lord advocate , is being invited by the supreme court justices to address the court on the relevance of points of scots law , so far as they do not form part of the law of england and wales . 
  that 's very good . 
  no matter which way the decision goes , it 's important that any legal differences under scottish law be explored . 
  how easy it is to explain things when we can simply attribute power or blame to one group . 
  because you want a town to look like it 's called `` leper '' in english ? 
  it tastes gritty . 
  also the age profile - if there are more men aged 18-35 in the cohort , there 'll be more crime . 
  taxing diesel on the same terms as gasoline would be a start . 
  the pollution in paris is terrible at certain times of the year . 
  ps : cheers !, 
  next up on your favourite great british cheeses : monterey jack !, 
  i take your point , but her speech was perceived as `` hard brexit '' both at home and abroad . 
  good . 
  now a bit more action on diesel in the paris region would be very welcome . 
   belgian prime minister charles michel on sept. 27 , may subtly softened the message  oct. 2 speech to the conservative party ... `` hard brexit '' *  oct. 27 ... she said she had assured japanese carmaker nissan may 's changing vocabulary signals shift towards whatever she thinks her current audience wants to hear . 
  \\* she did n't actually say `` hard brexit '' , but her speech was understood to indicate this . 
  ah yeah , it is really . 
  lolling at how you ignore the main actor in the scenario . 
  here ya go : ireland and the uk have a deal within the eu . 
  the uk is abandoning that deal by leaving the eu . 
  the eu is not fucking ireland over ; the uk is . 
  contact the british cheese board . 
  edit : lmao - brewers gold is irish !, 
   some other eu country 's do stand to take a significant hit as a result of the uk leaving . 
  apart from ireland , who else ? 
  and what is ireland supposed to do ? 
  go join britain in a new customs union ? 
  why bother with that , if ireland 's already in a much bigger customs union ? 
  the eu is n't going to fuck ireland over ; britain is going to fuck ireland over by leaving the eu . 
  here you go , this is the [ british cheese board ] ( http://www.britishcheese.com/cheese ) 's list : british brie british camembert caerphilly cheddar cheshire cornish yarg derby double gloucester lancashire parmesan red leicester shropshire blue stilton wensleydale white stilton then we have the list of `` other cheeses '' : ashdown foresters beacon blue blacksticks blue blue vinney and dorset blue british protected name cheeses burland green buxton blue capricorn goats cheese charlton chatel chevington cheviot coquetdale cornish blue dovedale duddleswell garstang blue gevrik gruyere halloumi hereford hop kidderton ash low fat cheeses northumberland paneer parlick fell red fox redesdale reduced fat cheeses ricotta sage derby shropshire red slipcote st giles staffordshire organic cheese sussex charmer swaledale cheese and swaledale ewes cheese village green west country goats cheese whitehaven i make that 55 ? 
  either the british cheese board is missing 695 varieties of cheese , or the definition of `` variety '' is questionable and inside the category of `` cheddar '' , there 's 100 variants . 
  yeah , i saw that article , but compare a supermarket in france to a supermarket in the uk and you 'll see the genuine difference in selection . 
  oh yeah i 'm a big fan of chutney , and i do like many british cheeses , but the range does n't compare to france or italy . 
   our selection of other cheeses as equally as good as those found in france nope . 
   1 : there is also a medieval english cookbook titled `` the forme of cury '' , dating to 1390 . 
  [ cury = cuire = to cook . 
  ] ( http://www.menumagazine.co.uk/book/curryhistory.html ) it seems `` curry '' is very much english because it 's a generic word that describes cooked things that came to be applied to indian-style dishes . 
  for many people , * control of laws * is a proxy for immigration . 
  it 's the polite way of saying `` i do n't want any more immigrants . '', 
  if i get 119 people together , and we all chip in 1000 quid , could cameron just sit still while we make fun of him for an hour ? 
  mainly because he was born in new york , but also because the yanks do n't have as much of a social class obsession as the brits , so he might have grown up to be a more serious person . 
   you have to question if it 's an act . 
  i think he 's lazy and clownish but with a good level of basic intelligence . 
  he 's had things too easy for too long by virtue of his natural ability and his privileged upbringing . 
  he 's learned to coast through life with a minimum of effort . 
  i doubt he 's been challenged intellectually since university ( he only got a ii.i by the way ) , and we know he was fired from his first journalistic job for falsifying a quotation ( another sign of laziness ) . 
  it 's possible that eton ruined him , as this is where he learned to play the upper class buffoon . 
  had he gone to a decent and challenging u.s. high school he could have turned out quite different . 
  i saw this guy on newsnight and he seems competent and lacking in bullshit . 
  he sees the outcome of brexit as lose/lose for both the uk and eu , but he thinks it 's inevitable given the course decided by the uk government . 
  i 'm not a fan , but johnson is clearly very intelligent . 
  he wastes it , imo , by acting like a clown most of the time . 
  nevertheless , he won a scholarship to eton and a scholarship to oxford . 
   we ca n't possibly have two posts with the same sentiment it 's not the same `` sentiment '' . 
  a sentiment is a matter of opinion or perspective . 
  you offered a correction , but obviously you had n't read the other comments or you 'd have seen that it had already been corrected ( in a less supercilious way ) , and that i 'd already acknowledged the correction . 
  you ca n't claim an imaginary moral high ground of * having read the article * , if you then fail to read other comments . 
   it was quite clear if you actually read the article . 
  i did read the article . 
  was n't that clear at all , especially when you already have a usage for `` three line '' in parliamentary terms . 
  anyway , / u/chaosodin had already pointed this out an hour ago . 
  now that was quite clear if you actually read the comments . 
  wow !, 
  it 's a remarkably ambiguous description in that case . 
   thanks for clarifying !, 
  uk politics are quite personality-driven . 
  single seat constituencies with a majoritarian ( first past the post ) voting system . 
  edit : in fact three line bill means it 's only three lines of text , making my stuff below somewhat beside the point . 
  ------ here 's some more explanation of `` three line '' from the [ uk parliament website ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/about/mps-and-lords/principal/whips/ ) : a party `` whip '' is a parliamentarian who is appointed by his/her party to organize party business . 
  one of their responsibilities is making sure the maximum number of their party members vote , and vote the way their party wants . 
  every week , whips send out a circular ( called ` the whip ' ) to their mps or lords detailing upcoming parliamentary business . 
  special attention is paid to divisions ( where members vote on debates ) , which are ranked in order of importance by the number of times they are underlined . 
  ** three-line whips ** important divisions are underlined three times - a ` three-line whip ' - and normally apply to major events like the second readings of significant bills . 
  defying a three-line whip is very serious , and has occasionally resulted in the whip being withdrawn from an mp or lord . 
  this means that the member is effectively expelled from their party ( but keeps their seat ) and must sit as an independent until the whip is restored . 
  ------ basically if any tory votes against the bill , they face expulsion from the party . 
   why admonishing cruel treatment to greece ? 
  not sure you 're saying what you think you 're saying with that one . 
  personally , i want the same deal as the one promised to nissan ;-), 
  yes , in my opinion . 
  i 'm not saying anything * should * happen . 
  the discussion concerns analogies between us and eu federal/state forces and it 's theoretical on the eu side . 
  i 'm simply clarifying that an individual us state can refuse to instruct its national guard to do something . 
  the federal government can of course take control , but that 's a later step . 
  similarly , with a hypothetical eu army , it 's possible that individual states would refuse to send troops to a given conflict . 
  then it depends on the powers of the eu federal government as to whether forces are obliged ( federalized ) or not . 
  i do n't think that 's the most sensible approach , but it is a possibility . 
  it 's mentioned here : http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/confidential-memo-reveals-irish-view-of-uk-brexit-ministers-1.2866559 note that it 's 2nd or 3rd hand at best . 
  leaked paper was the times afaik . 
  it 's about half treason ( 52 % ) and about half in service of his/her country ( 48 % ) . 
  so yeah it kind of cancels itself out . 
  allegedly liam fox has been saying that the eu will have compensate trading partners if the uk drops out of the single market .
