  be grand . 
  agreed . 
  it 's ghoulish . 
  anyone know what the charge was ? 
  i 'd have thought that enlisting in a foreign army/militia could carry a heavier sentence . 
  is there a specific charge related to the photos ? 
   copies were also found on the phone of ladjevardi 's mother fucking hell . 
  what a thing for a mother to witness . 
  but perhaps she 's proud of raising a homicidal maniac . 
   likely engaged there 's the problem . 
  if you ca n't prove it in court , you ca n't sentence him for it . 
   it is very unusual when a left wing party that gets most of the islamic vote does however i 'm not so sure . 
  many french muslims feel ties to north africa , but there are n't that many who 'd feel close ties to the current turkish government . 
  there 's more than one dimension to the `` islamic vote '' and i would n't think most north africans would care if the ps criticises the turkish administration . 
  the poll was the day after the nice attack . 
  people responded right after reading or hearing about the atrocity . 
  but how is the eu hindering the uk 's ability to trigger art 50 ? 
  i thought the delay was on the ui side because if a shortage of trade negotiators . 
   i do find it funny that the eu being unorganized and bureaucratic is hindering it at the moment . 
  what ? 
  teresa may has been telling merkel that the uk needs more time . 
  a pram , a buggy , something you put an infant or toddler in . 
  this guy had lost any spark of humanity he 'd ever had . 
  this depth of nihilism is what scares me the most . 
  takes a special type of ` radical ' to mow down children with a 20-ton truck . 
  fucker ran over pushchairs . 
  interesting idea . 
  financial incentives seem to have been used for palestinian suicide bombers . 
  i suppose his family could be watched for any sudden `` windfall '' . 
  france is resolutely la\u00efque in a way that most other countries are not . 
  the queen is still head of the anglican church , for example , while germany funds religion through taxation . 
  the us , despite its claims to the contrary , is intrinsically religious : it 's difficult for a politician to be an atheist in america . 
  sturgeon :  if it proves not to be possible to fully protect scotland 's interests through the uk process then the prime minister knows that a second independence referendum is of course on the table . 
  may 's spokesperson :  `` and with regard to a second referendum , the prime minister 's view is that we have already had a referendum . 
  it was legal , and fair , and the result was decisive . '' were they at the same meeting ? 
  because france represents a successful * post-religious society * and that is what isis fears the most . 
  okay . 
  my thanks to you and the other mods . 
  i know you work in the best interests of the forum . 
  i 'm sorry if i come across strong against fuckers who spout religious hatred but that 's just me . 
  peace out, 
  shalam leat a bhuachaill beo or whatever the fuck i 'm supposed to say as a muslim who 's fervently defending my religion you big fecking eejit . 
  as a matter of interest , did someone report me ? 
  i seldom downvote unless it 's really irrelevant . 
  i like robust conversation . 
  well , here 's the thing : i have a defensible position . 
  that is , france does not collect religious data to avoid a repeat of what happened in the early 1940s . 
  this is based in fact . 
  these people that i am arguing with are claiming that the policy is for another reason . 
  this is a position based in their own religious prejudice . 
  it 's not the same prejudice as the one that influenced the decision in france , but it 's not that far away . 
  if you ca n't see the difference between my position and the position that 's being proposed by my interlocutors , then perhaps i should just feck off . 
  lol . 
  you 're wronger than you could imagine . 
  are you even old enough to have internet access ? 
  fair enough . 
  explain why what i said was more `` personal '' than what the other poster said , and you may be onto something . 
  i respond in kind . 
  that 's all . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  you speculated why something is done , i gave you an explanation , now you 're heading off on some tangent that , quite frankly , i 'm too tired to follow . 
  you 've clearly got an agenda to further and you 're using this atrocity to do so . 
  i 'll sign off now as i do n't want to have that discussion while i 'm still trying to follow up on colleagues in nice . 
  historically it 's to stop jews being targeted . 
   large holdings far away from its own native land . 
  if you take antarctica out of it , the holdings are tiny . 
  it 's amusing because the [ first dictionary definition ] ( https://www.google.fr/search?q=define:imperial&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=k56iv5xgkcijamlasnaj ) i find gives `` britain 's imperial past '' as an example of usage . 
  i 'll take `` post-imperial state '' , but yes of course i 'll contest `` imperial state '' . 
  imperial state ? 
  some interviewer asked bojo if he was bothered by cameron 's 1st class honours degree ( bojo got a 2.1 ) . 
  he replied that he 'd only be bothered if cameron had studied greats instead of ppe . 
  anyway , bojo is n't thick but he clearly lacks discipline . 
  he 's also a little too infatuated with himself . 
  he was fired from his first newspaper job for faking a source , iirc . 
  give him a peerage , then he can be in cabinet without winning a constituency . 
   so much for the veneer of the club of friends . 
   the eu is a nest of rats and we want no part of it . 
  lol , because some randomer on the internet articulates eu policy , and you in turn decide uk policy . 
  it seems some voters thought they were voting that current immigrants to uk would leave . 
  i 've read multiple variants of this `` you 're going to have to go home '' story . 
  obviously this antipathy towards immigrants was simmering below the surface before , but now the xenophobes feel they have tacit support of the majority so they are letting loose their bile . 
  for shame . 
  cameron humiliated him first . 
   until jfk was elected , many did n't consider themselves american . 
  this works both ways . 
  even after jfk was elected many americans did n't think a catholic could be trusted . 
  anti-catholicism was rife in us politics for a long time . 
  `` describe the craic in the isle of man ? '', 
  mighty b. ninety c. grand, 
  good point , [ a pomeranian ] ( http://animalia-life.com/data_images/pomeranian/pomeranian8.jpg ) would be difficult to refuse at the negotiating table . 
  yeah , it 's not very difficult though . 
  i think elementary school level . 
  they 're also expected to answer some questions about french culture and history afaik . 
  yeah , my british friends in france are doing the same . 
  most of them have been here five years already , so they just have to do the ( challenging ) paperwork . 
  others are looking up family trees searching for an irish granny . 
  by rights the job should go to a russian , no ? 
  they 'll just eat all the cakes they ca n't export . 
   and fom is a secondary issue . 
  it 's a founding principle .
