  he suggests waiting until the french election in the spring or even the german one in september . 
  yet mrs may might not be allowed to wait by her own party , let alone by fellow eu leaders eager to get brexit out of the way before the european elections in mid-2019 . 
  the phoney war may soon turn hotter . 
  oh dear god no !, 
  burn it with fire !, 
  in fairness , he did threaten this before the referendum . 
  but given that it 's o'leary it 's probably a mixture of his ego , blatant attention seeking , kite flying , and some modicum of truth . 
   easyjet has a subsidiary based out of switzerland for swiss flights . 
  as far as i recall , one of the easyjet nice -  paris flights uses a plane that 's just done zurich -  nice . 
  does this mean the swiss subsidiary `` shares '' planes with the parent company ? 
  kinnock brought the party back from the extremes of michael foot 's 1983 manifesto . 
  he took on the trotskyites within labour and won . 
  smith dramatically transformed the relationship with the trades unions . 
  kinnock began the process to replace clause iv , which finally happened under blair . 
  these are deep reforms of the party that kept it viable when it looked like it could be eclipsed by the sdp/liberals . 
  blair was successful in elections , but only because kinnock and smith had done the heavy lifting inside the party . 
  not everything should be described as a `` meme '' ; some things are explanations . 
   blair did something right by moving the party towards the center . 
  that was more neil kinnock and john smith . 
  blair just reaped the benefits of electoral success . 
  i 'd disagree with the french one : sometimes people will take time to correct you very loudly while a crowd gathers around to point and laugh at the foreigner who speaks funny . 
  / r/totallynotrobots, 
  some of the would-be jihadis are remarkably dumb . 
  do n't forget that guy who shot himself in the foot after killing a woman he 'd stolen a car from . 
  he was being managed by one of the guys involved in managing the bataclan/sdf attacks . 
  must have been amazing looking when it was first completed . 
   i sincerely smell bs there . 
  it looks like anyone could have written pretty much anything . 
  there was a web form to submit opinions/responses . 
  nice photo op !, 
  some interesting information on the [ encyclowiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_columb's_cathedral ) :  the original site of the diocesan cathedral was in templmore ( irish : an teampalll m\u00f3r or `` the big church '' ) . 
  due to the violence of the nine years ' war ( irish chieftains against english crown ) , the church was destroyed . 
  it was first damaged by an accidental explosion on 24 april 1568 , the church having been appropriated for the storage of gunpowder . 
   st columb 's is the first cathedral to be built by the anglican church after the reformation in the british isles and the first non-rc cathedral to be built in europe . 
   i think most people from dublin , ~ ~ british isles ~ ~ celtic archipelago ftfy . 
   is n't the objection to hollande that he put in place economic reforms it 's more complicated . 
  the platform on which he was elected did n't mention any of these reforms , so people who initially supported him feel betrayed . 
  even before these reforms he was performing badly in the polls . 
  people who never supported him have little reason to change their minds , as his presidency has been lackluster at best . 
  many people might once have been tolerant of hollande , but he 's burned any good will he had with sloppy handling of issues like childrens ' allowance , stripping nationality of terrorists , etc. 
   it 's a bit hard to find something substantial in the article . 
  there 's only one substantive point :  finance as an area in which competing jurisdictions can provide important advantages to both customers and firms and he 's taken this from his colleague at the cei . 
  this is a puff piece in forbes to promote his colleague 's article on the cei website . 
  [ competitive enterprise institute ] ( http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/competitive_enterprise_institute ), 
  in somogyorszag maybe . 
  i have irish nationality and citizenship , but i am entitled to apply for french citizenship having lived here long enough . 
  my wife has us nationality but irish citizenship . 
   it 's not a well-definable thing . 
  this is going full circle to my original point :  nationality has a dual meaning : there 's a legal definition and a cultural definition . 
  the legal definition is central to notions of citizenship . 
  good . 
  everyone is going to be disappointed . 
  nice one , [ dave ] ( http://i2.irishmirror.ie/incoming/article7650543.ece/alternates/s615b/david-cameron.jpg ) !, 
  very mature . 
   ( from the article , crosses are wrong , but its apparently ok to wear muslim dress ) nope . 
  the christian kids ca n't wear crosses inside school . 
  and the muslim kids ca n't wear headscarves inside school either . 
  the christian mothers can wear crosses when they 're dropping off their kids to school . 
  some vigilantes have decided that muslim mothers ca n't wear headscarves when they 're dropping off their kids . 
  i 'm not calling you a retard , just agreeing with you that isis is winning . 
  but yes i know that tunisia is where a lot of carthage was . 
  the carthaginians also controlled corsica for several centuries prior to the punic wars . 
  lol , is this a playground ? 
  lol , this place is going full-blown retard . 
  the ban has been in place for years . 
  this story is about vigilantes harassing mothers who were dropping their kids off at school . 
  it 's only banter . 
  the `` french '' people is an invention of the state . 
  ask the bretons , the basques , the alsatians , the occitanians ...  no that 's citizenship you 're talking about . 
  no , nationality is generally considered linked to soil or blood ( born in a place or descended from someone born in a place ) . 
  citizenship is mostly granted based on nationality , but it may also derive from other conditions - living in a place for seven years , investing a lot of money , etc. 
  more like a wish list based on discussions with japanese companies . 
  some of the foreign investors must be quite cheesed off , especially recent ones . 
  ** come build your factory in britain ** * educated workforce * proud manufacturing tradition * access to eu market * developed infrastructure and supply chain * tea and crumpets ... 
  yes yes !, 
  let 's invest !, 
  roll on 2016 ... er , that thing we said about access to the eu markets ... well , here 's the thing ... we promised a referendum , but it was just banter really , and nobody was supposed to go for it ... 
  except that ... er ... 
  they did, 
   i do not agree with them passing up women who are just getting their kids to school though . 
  seems a bit wrong . 
  in that case you do n't agree with the action . 
  there 's already a law against overt religious displays in the school . 
  this is a bunch of people harassing women who are dropping off kindergarten age kids . 
  nationality is conferred by a state normally based on either blood or soil , sometimes a combination of both . 
  states are generally not founded on the basis of nationality but on the basis of controllable areas or defensible areas . 
  the concept of nationality itself is intrinsically linked to the development of nation states from the 18th century onward . 
  reminds me of this : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/holy_cross_dispute, 
  picking on a few women who are trying to drop their kids off at school ? 
  this is shameful . 
  edit : down voting me without explaining why this is not shameful just proves how cowardly you are . 
  lol , i was joking about the athletes . 
  he does look like he 's on steroids though . 
  nationality has an awful lot to do with citizenship . 
  in many cases , it 's on the basis of nationality that citizenship is granted or recognised . 
  i saw footage of him at g20 last night and his face was looking very smooth and puffy . 
  sort of appearance that long term steroid abusers develop . 
  i guess this maybe a good sign though - he would n't expect russian athletes to do something he would n't do himself . 
  nationality has a dual meaning : there 's a legal definition and a cultural definition . 
  the legal definition concerns one 's citizenship , the cultural definition concerns one 's heritage and perhaps ethnicity .
