  seems to be a major source of economic migrants , but politically it 's quite stable at the moment afaik . 
  at the very least , people should be processed at their point of entry to the eu . 
  if they can prove they 're coming from a war zone , they can proceed . 
  if they ca n't , they do n't enter the eu . 
  probably half of the technical papers i read these days concern tools and strategies for processing and analyzing large quantities of data . 
  it seems everyone is collecting terabytes of information and trying to figure out ways to exploit it . 
  and yet we have that tunisian suicide-by-cop guy wandering around europe with 20 different identities ? 
  in his case , he should probably have been in psychiatric care , but several of the paris attackers were on suspected extremist lists and nevertheless passed under the radar . 
  hopefully europol has access to the data it needs , and can recruit the right people to process those data effectively . 
  the seven-day week seems to have come from the continental celts who got it from the romans . 
  old irish has : diu luna ( moon ) diu mart ( mars ) diu iath ( meaning uncertain ) diu eathamon ( meaning uncertain ) diu triach ( meaning uncertain ) diu satur ( saturn ) diu srol ( sun ), 
   the word for week is the same as the word for the number seven similar in irish - * seachtain * ( week ) derives from * seacht * ( seven ) . 
  irish days of the week are very much derived from the christian/monastic tradition : d\u00e9 luain ( from latin lunae - moon ) d\u00e9 mairt ( from latin martis - mars ) d\u00e9 c\u00e9adaoin ( first day of fasting ) d\u00e9ardaoin ( day between fasts ) d\u00e9 haoine ( fasting day ) d\u00e9 sathairn ( from latin saturni - saturn ) d\u00e9 domhnaigh ( from latin dominicus - lord 's day ) i think there was a minor fast on wednesdays and a major fast on fridays . 
  there are some antivaxxers in france afaik . 
   that does n't mean they have to make it particularly easy my point is that most people do n't control how easy or hard it is to identify them . 
  that 's controlled by various actors including the state , isps , and online services . 
  as such , people need to be aware that what they say on twitter or facebook is very much in the public sphere and might be traced back to them . 
   poland has europe 's most segmented , inefficient farming sector and all they 're going to do is make the problem even worse ?!, 
  any data on how close ( or far ) poland is to self-sufficiency in agriculture ? 
   while in the newspaper you 're probably one of maybe five people who get interviewed , so your voice carries more weight . 
  yes , good point . 
  i had n't thought about that . 
   it ca n't be worse than what you 've apparently ran away from . 
  exactly . 
  i reckon the people living in tents in calais would change places with them in a heartbeat . 
   one of those comes with the cover of pseudo-anonymity it 's demonstrably not anonymous though . 
  twitter in particular is interesting with respect to the ` real name ' system . 
  their policy is that tying a handle to a real identity is not necessary , but verified accounts for celebs are obviously a major draw for the service . 
   the idea that to express an opinion you need to be fully and readily identifiable is pretty problematic you may be correct about expressing opinion , but what about calling on people to act a certain way ? 
  should a call to arms be attached to an identity ? 
  french police did visit people who expressed support for the ch killers . 
  some young guy got put in jail over tweeting support for isis recently . 
  i 'm not saying that the dutch police are justified , simply that people need to be more aware that what they tweet/post on facebook is being read by more than their immediate circle . 
  people have a weird sense that they can say whatever they like on twitter , but it 's increasingly clear that 's not the case . 
  every few weeks we get a story about someone being brought to court over their tweeting . 
   `` why ca n't we say what we think ? '', 
  asks kim ( 33 ) from kaatsheuvel . 
  she does n't want her last name in the newspaper . 
  there 's a disconnect between what people think they can say on twitter and what they 're prepared to say in a newspaper ( or perhaps in the town square ) . 
   the visit took about twenty minutes and the police acted in a very authoritarian way , according to van wouw . 
  since he has felt limited in his freedom . 
  `` when i post something on facebook , i do realize that the police is possibly reading what i write . '', 
  not to put too fine a point on it , but `` duh '' !, 
  the police are possibly reading it , facebook is definitely storing it , google might be indexing it . 
  your future potential employers will probably have access to it . 
  do n't tweet or post stuff on facebook that you would n't say in public . 
  yes here 's an [ etymological list of the county names ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/etymological_list_of_counties_of_ireland ) ( in many cases same as city ) . 
  no surprise . 
  medecins sans frontieres set up a presence in the jungle last june i think , but they are very understaffed and can only deal with immediate problems . 
  the nearest medical centre is 8 km away , which is easy if you have a car but not so easy on foot . 
  it seemed obvious that the guys at the bataclan at least had trained with automatic weapons . 
  apart from that , i 'm not sure it makes much difference if these guys were in syria and iraq elsewhere - most of them had legitimate european passports and entered europe legally . 
  even if some did n't have european passports , i 'm guessing that isis have the means to acquire same , either forgeries or from their fallen henchmen . 
  we can do a much better job of tracking would-be jihadis , but we ca n't make europe impregnable , especially as we 're producing plenty of homegrown extremists . 
  i do n't see `` local crime news '' listed as off-topic ? 
  i 'm glad germany does this . 
  it 's important that everyone pays into a system that benefits them , whether it 's refugees cashing in some of their valuables , or jobseekers paying social insurance out of their allowance . 
  otherwise we create this idea that paying taxes and social charges is for ` other people ' , not for everyone . 
  yes , i agree . 
  it 's the attention seeking that i think the jihadis and the westboro baptists have in common . 
  they 're trolls , basically , though instead of doing it online they get in people 's faces . 
  watched this last week . 
  the guys made me think of the westboro baptists - do anything for attention , including baiting other muslims and beating on elders outside a mosque . 
  this is violent , childish egotism - one of the guys even said that he `` feels important '' because his passport has been taken by police so he ca n't travel . 
  these guys appeal to disaffected youths by promising easy answers to difficult questions and by making the youths feel special . 
  the guy who 'd gone off to join isis ( with his unfortunate wife and kids ) was idolised by the would-be jihadis back home , even though one suspects they wo n't rush to join him because they 'd probably be killed if they did . 
  my conclusion : it 's a death cult designed to appeal to people 's egotism . 
  for the moment it appears to be a bunch of nobodies plus nigel farage . 
  i grew up with gaelic handball ( outdoor courts mostly ) and i played the `` other '' handball sometimes in school . 
  we called it `` olympic handball '' to differentiate it . 
  our pe teacher was keen on it . 
  so he 's tunisian finally ? 
  i think he was registered in france two years ago as moroccan . 
  europe is going to have get a whole lot better at identifying and tracking migrants and refugees . 
  interview with [ the artist ] ( http://thumbnails.cbc.ca/maven_legacy/thumbnails/13/385/asithappens_20160121_39984_uploaded.mp3 ) ( mp3 ) . 
  ( to the tune of [ * corn circles * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slxlkrpxd4i ) by the waterboys ) snow penis is somebody playing a trick ? 
  snow penis pixies , witches , hoaxers take your pick throw a few theories out there who drew this massive dick ? 
  could n't the first three shots have gone into the tires ? 
  i 'd guess the home office can put a stay on the fulfillment of the tribunal 's order while the appeal is in process . 
  yes , understood . 
  this will encourage more migrants/refugees to go to the camps around calais and dunkirk . 
  leaving the eu wo n't make any difference per se : the uk would have to repudiate the echr and potentially the undhr . 
  probably it 's simpler for a higher court to find that this tribunal is wrong . 
  the home office is appealing . 
  ( edit : typo ), 
  does this mean that ukrainians come to poland to fill jobs that would otherwise be unfilled because poles have left poland to go to other parts of the eu ? 
  i 've never understood the location of `` a '' in azerty . 
  `` q '' is the second least frequent letter in english text , so whoever designed azerty decided to replace it with the third most frequent letter in french text ? 
  they were having a laugh . 
  exactly , because the state [ only registered the harp with soundbox facing right ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/culture/state-feared-guinness-objections-over-plan-to-make-harp-logo-a-trademark-1.1637930 ) to avoid objections from guinness . 
   because the irish are always living in the past says john shelby ... ;-), 
  she 's somewhat similar to depictions of [ britannia ] ( http://www.hansvanlemmen.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/29-britannia-on-liverpool-town-hall.jpg ) . 
  i 'm not sure what the inspiration is , but her helmet looks greek rather than roman . 
  i doubt it will make a jot of difference . 
  mass surveillance has become so firmly established that it 'll take a lot more than an echr judgment to start dismantling . 
  i said that anti-israel sentiment results in attacks on jews . 
  here 's the op 's link :  gensing wrote about a `` wave of hatred '' at the `` hate-filled demonstrations against the gaza war '' in 2014 . 
  an israeli couple were attacked during that period . 
  take it up with the author of the report . 
  here 's [ a picture ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/matthewsammon/450981568/ ) of the statue the coin depicts .
