   if you ca n't interact with 3d space . 
  smh . 
  edit : i never said a human was n't better . 
  i was noting that there are already inroads into the cleaning and gardening domains . 
   also , your statement is ridiculous ...  feeding pigs other pigs ? 
  perhaps ... make up your mind . 
  it 's either possible or it 's ridiculous . 
   we do n't develop creutzfeldt-jakob disease just by eating meat . 
  people have developed cjd from eating meat . 
   pigs eating beef that is n't infected will not just randomly develop a prion disease . 
  i never said they would . 
  nice attempt to attribute something to me that i did n't say . 
  perhaps you think that growth hormones will help you physically . 
  sorry you do n't have clue . 
   hold people of a different era to todays standard . 
  fuck that . 
  phil the greek was considered a liability in the 1980s . 
   `` if you stay here much longer , you will go home with slitty eyes . '', 
  to 21-year-old british student simon kerby during a visit to china in 1986 . 
   `` a few years ago , everybody was saying we must have more leisure , everyone 's working too much . 
  now that everybody 's got more leisure time they are complaining they are unemployed . 
  people do n't seem to make up their minds what they want . '', 
  a man of the people shares insight into the recession that gripped britain in 1981 . 
   how else can you describe eh , you can simply say that one is more to your taste than the other ? 
  or that one is more traditional and conservative than the other ? 
  there are plenty of words out there that do n't have a pseudo-moral component . 
   since pigs are omnivores perhaps best not to feed animals to other animals ... bse and all that . 
  imports about 30 % . 
  mmmmmm yummy growth hormones . 
   maybe that 's the problem ? 
  what 's the problem ? 
  that the terrorists are n't winning ? 
  why do you support terrorists ? 
  no not really . 
  they generally operate on a 2d plane while moving in 3d space . 
  they can avoid obstacles , for example . 
   the missing 10 % is being able to cope with unanticipated changes . 
  i 'm not sure there are that many unanticipated changes . 
  delivery truck loading/unloading is already highly optimized , so a `` surprise '' will affect a human in the same way as it affects a machine . 
  for route planning , navigation systems are already reactive with alternate routes when there 's an accident . 
  i know a ups delivery guy and he 's fairly certain that his entire job could be performed by an intelligent truck plus a drone for the final 10 metres . 
   humans are going to tolerate errors made by other humans more yes , this i agree with . 
  ^ ^ ^ happy ^ ^ ^ cake ^ ^ ^ day !, 
   there 's already a lack of long haul truckers honestly it 's an anti-social job that could be better performed by machines . 
  there needs to be some discussion of protocols , but there 's nothing to stop it happening in the next decade afaics . 
   the problem with jobs like these is that ai can get 90 % as a human , tops . 
  i do n't understand where you get 90 % from . 
  automated drone delivery is already conceivable , though for logistical reasons it probably wo n't happen on a very large scale . 
  there 's no technological barrier to an automated truck-based delivery system either . 
  what 's the missing 10 % ? 
  it 's not a `` wrong package '' story , because that happens all the time with humans and the problematic is the same . 
   there exist no robots capable of operating at our level in 3 dimensional space . 
  it is cheaper to create humans . 
  yes , for the time being . 
  but already in the list you 've given , automation is making inroads : vacuuming robots and lawn-mowing robots are now consumer products . 
  there 's apparently a stair-climbing vacuuming robot in development . 
  give it 40 years and let 's see where we are then . 
  moreover , robots can bring a precision to 3d space that is difficult for humans to match . 
  as more polyvalent robotic systems become available , assembly line jobs for humans will become more and more technical . 
  jobs will be based on ensuring the smooth functioning of the line , rather than performing a discrete task . 
   boston dynamics is attempting to build machines which walk . 
  there are plenty of machines that do a good job at walking , but to be honest there are much more efficient ways of moving from point a to point b. 
  check the jobs i mentioned . 
  the only possibly customer-facing one is delivery . 
  i did n't list hairdressers , for example , as i think they 'll remain . 
  far over the misty mountains cold to dungeons dark and caverns old we must away , ere break of day to claim our long-forgotten gold, 
  yeah . 
  will take over the ps local machinery , and eventually merge with or become the new ps . 
  election for new monarch . 
  may versus liz . 
   blue collar jobs are quite safe . 
  do you expect long-haul truckers to be around in 40 years ? 
  what about ups delivery people ? 
  mcdonald 's burger flippers ? 
  i agree that a lot of white-collar jobs will be automated , but there 's also going to be a whole load of blue-collar jobs that simply disappear . 
  edit : missing a word, 
   / r/le _ pen is a sub made by people from / r/the _ donald , my goodness / r/le _ pen is like the home for broken , crappy , and retarded memes . 
  it 's been predicted she could get a third of m\u00e9lenchon 's supporters . 
  plus she spoke a lot about some of his key themes last night ; she was clearly trying to attract their interest . 
   may is playing you . 
  this times 100 . 
  and judging by some of the comments on here , you 'd think she 's a virtuoso . 
  nothing that 's been said recently is much different to what 's been said in the past . 
  it 's just now that she wants the voters to feel a stronger need to rally around the ( tory ) flag . 
  visit the pandas at zooparc beauval ? 
   `` all of these acts have been deliberately timed to affect the result of the general election that will take place on 8 june . '', 
  this is hilarious . 
  let 's consider the context : * the uk government had control over the timing of article 50 . 
  * theresa may had control over the timing of the general election . 
  she did n't have to call one . 
  now , mrs may announces that the eu is timing actions to affect the ge that she called , voluntarily and without any need to do so . 
  she is engineering a dispute with the eu in order to create a sense among the british people that they are besieged and under threat , and they need her strong and stable leadership . 
  i 've said it before - this is her falklands war , and she will use it in any way she can to shore up support . 
  i hope the british people do n't fall for her blatant manipulation . 
   the uk ( at least through the press * , government etc ) now sees the eu as a group of bullies trying to extort us for even more of our money than they already have done . 
  the uk press presents uk/eu relations in a sensational way . 
  the pro-leave press depicts relations in as confrontational a way as possible ; the pro-remain press depict things in as doom-mongering a way as possible . 
  the end result is the same - uk readers are confronted with a constant barrage of bad-sounding news vis a vis the eu . 
   i voted to remain , but frankly the behaviour i 've seen so far from the eu is leading me to think we might have been right to leave . 
  i think you 've already identified the source of the problem - the way this is presented in the press * .
