   muspratt is entirely wrong about `` presumption of continuance '' yes he 's clearly on uncomfortably thin ice with that line of questioning . 
  explain what he means by `` i do n't want to go against david cameron '' in that case ? 
  watch the interview . 
  he says `` i did not want to do anything ... 
  i did not want to go against david cameron and the government . '', 
  this is a clear acknowledgement that his position undermines cameron . 
  he has written both pro and anti eu articles recently . 
  this is from the bbc coverage :  `` the last thing i wanted was to go against david cameron or the government ... because i want a better deal for the people of this country . '', 
   he described his decision as `` agonizingly difficult '' . 
  according to chris gibson on twitter :  a loyal tory insider told me re #boris `` everyone knows he is really pro-european so what he is doing is about pure political calculation . '', 
  if he really had the uncertainty he claims to have had about the issue , he should n't campaign either way . 
  he 's acknowledged himself that his position will undermine cameron . 
  johnson is now the highest profile tory in the out camp . 
  if he actively campaigns he 's going to do so in clear opposition to his party leader . 
  that 's potentially months of discordance between two high profile tories . 
  politically , it 's about johnson going up against osbourne with cameron as collateral damage . 
  of course , it remains to be seen how active johnson 's support for out will be . 
  this is a serious stab in the back for cameron , but i suppose bojo is more concerned about defeating osbourne in the eventual leadership battle . 
   most of them come from eritrea , somali and nigeria they 'll probably mostly be trying to get to uk . 
  i think ideas of ethnicity are hard to pin down . 
  if i look at my immediate circle , i have several french friends who fulfill most definitions of frenchness ( e.g. 
  catholic upbringing , francophone parents and schooling , steeped in traditional frenchness ) except for their skin colour or place of birth . 
  culturally these people are what i 'd consider ` franco-francais ' , by which i mean seriously french , but ethnically they might be considered otherwise . 
  what i would expect is that 99 % + of people in a european country should sign up to the ideals of that country . 
  as an immigrant myself i 'm not too bothered about notions of ethnicity . 
  in the current economic context , germany and france may find more common ground without benelux , or at least without ne and lux . 
  was reading that in january this year . 
  his knowledge of history was awe-inspiring . 
  he was also unashamedly clever in a period when intelligence is not very fashionable . 
  we wo n't see his like again . 
  http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/news/uk/article4646332.ece on my phone so it 's difficult to paste links . 
  compared to the 1980s , when i was a teenager : * people are living longer , * they 're healthier , * the environment is cleaner * technology is vastly better * technology is much more affordable * food is better * food is cheaper * clothes are cheaper * entertainment is better * entertainment is cheaper * transport is better and cheaper * heating and insulation are more efficient the only ` need ' that is significantly more expensive is shelter . 
  my physical and material needs and wants are met more easily and at lower cost than in the 1980s . 
  you have no idea , do you ? 
  you do n't understand how to rate people 's circumstance outside of median income . 
  i remind you of my question :  are most and more people materially better off now than in 50-80 ? 
  tell me ? 
  my horses are happy enough thanks . 
   this is absolutely not true . 
  job lost in 50-80 were transfered to shitty jobs that do n't pay much ( clerks , distribution , call centers etc ) are most and more people materially better off now than in 50-80 ? 
  hey , you 've decided how this all pans out . 
  your notions are exaggerated , but it 's not worthwhile to discuss with someone who has already made up their mind . 
  i do n't doubt the potential for ai and robotics . 
  i doubt the emergence of a massively indolent society . 
  people will find new jobs to do . 
  i know the arguments . 
  i 've been working in ai and machine learning related areas for over 15 years . 
  i realise the potential though i 'd note that people find it difficult to trust machines for certain jobs , even when they 're demonstrably better . 
  but like i said earlier , jobs become obsolete and we find new jobs . 
  i 'm amazed at this mantra that robotics will replace every job . 
  futurists were saying the same thing in the 1970s , predicting a new ` leisure society ' in the 90s and early 00s where we 'd all work two days and take five days off . 
  instead we ended up working longer hours than our parents . 
  mechanization , automation , and other technologies have always supplanted jobs , and we 've always found other jobs to do instead of them . 
  i do n't see why robotics should be any different . 
   we dont really see any reasonable qol grow in africa while the continent population is going to rise substantially . 
  there 's been progress in reducing poverty in africa but population growth has meant that more people in total live in poverty . 
  the poverty rate has decreased from 56 % in 1990 to 43 % in 2012 , but the total number of people in poverty has increased in line with increases in the overall population . 
   all of this is just more positive publicity for her , now the banks are against her , she 's the perfect anti-system candidate . 
  yes , anytime you read a news article about the fn , think about it as a piece of advertising . 
   there is no guarantee that brits living and working in the eu are somehow a monolithic remain voting bloc no , but it 's good to think that they get a say in their own future . 
   the dublin accent is ~ ~ woeful ~ ~ woegious . 
  will british pensioners who live in france , spain , and portugal be allowed a postal ballot ? 
  oh , and the tens of thousands in the republic of ireland ? 
  despite the rhetoric , the fn has never been too concerned about loyalty to france . 
  they 're in the tradition of the petainists , the collaborationists , and the oas . 
  i think it was more that ex-wealthy european families sold them to newly wealthy american families or museums . 
  dedicated museums and art galleries developed out of private collections from the late 1700s onwards . 
  to be honest , the ( british media ) article linked to makes it sound like the french government and police are persecuting the migrants . 
   the kurds -- attacked by saddam , attacked by the turks , attacked by the iranians , attacked by isis -- they are here too . 
  just before i arrived they were attacked again , this time by the french police ( i.e. 
  the french police = = saddam hussein , or isis , or something )  the french police now watch over no-man 's land from their vans -- occasionally firing a tear gas round into the camp seemingly out of boredom . 
  whether through spite or ignorance a number of the tear gas rounds have landed in the family area of the camp ( french police are either stupid or venal - they 're shooting tear gas at children . ), 
   the french government have built a camp within a camp ... surrounded by a wire fence . 
  the containers are precisely spaced out with military precision on a neatly gravelled surface . 
  they are pristine white , and everthing is clean , ordered , almost militarily precise . 
  ( hint : he wants to conjure up the image of concentration camps ) and according to you the french are n't doing enough . 
  there 's no pleasing the uk on this one , eh ? 
  occasionally some apply in france , but mostly they do n't want to . 
  they have some reason to want to be in england ( family , language , friends ) and they refuse to apply in france . 
   why do i get the feeling that everyone blames the uk for the jungle ? 
  er no , everyone blames france , including you apparently . 
  the containers are certainly an improvement on the tents , especially with temperatures dropping below freezing at night . 
  but what to call it ? 
   not only is it annoying but it 's a pretty pervasive attitude to spread . 
  his point is a good one : french banks can be painfully obtuse in distinguishing good credit risks from bad credit risks . 
  some of the stories i 've heard from colleagues looking for refinancing and friends starting businesses would make you weep . 
  hopefully the publicity will bring this guy to the attention of a reasonable investor . 
  there should be plenty of money in rueil-malmaison for a decent restaurant . 
   how will this avoid neighbours voting for each other ? 
  exussr etc. 
  it wo n't but there might be clear differences between jury voting and public voting . 
   and will getting the scores now take twice as long ? 
  edit : probably only 8 % longer because all tele-votes will be combined and announced in one sequence after the jury votes . 
  you 're right , it does n't make any sense . 
  the way the data is presented is fucked up . 
  [ the original poll ] ( https://louisdore311.cartodb.com/viz/3c62f552-d57a-11e5-8446-0e5db1731f59/public_map ) had more detail . 
  for example france : does n't matter = 32 % , net remain = 32 % , prefer leave = 10 % , strongly prefer leave = 8 % , prefer remain = 27 % , strongly prefer remain = 23 % so you 've 68 % of people expressing a preference . 
  of those 50 % want britain to stay and 18 % want britain to leave . 
  so the net remain is calculated at 32 % . 
  lithuania : does n't matter : 16 % , net remain : 73 % , prefer leave : 2 % , prefer remain : 45 % , strongly prefer leave : 3 % , strongly prefer remain : 33 %,
