  ~ ~ rehabilitation ~ ~ retalibanation ? 
  nice one . 
  hope the people carrying them get locked up for a long time . 
   it taught you to be kind of presentable , follow a schedule , deal with authority figures i 've a couple of male relatives who have never managed to hold down a steady job . 
  one is in his 30s and the other his early 40s . 
  two big problems for them have been following a schedule and dealing effectively with authority figures . 
  i agree that if they 'd learned this earlier things could have turned out differently for them . 
  there was an [ rt documentary ] ( https://rtd.rt.com/films/dead-end-the-calais-crisis/# ) that included some interviews with local people ( also with some migrants ) . 
  here 's [ another one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncqqi4hlkeu ) from the same organization that published the interview on this thread . 
  maybe if he allowed priests to marry and have children he 'd be in a position to lecture the rest of us about producing more kids . 
  otherwise he can go beatify himself . 
  going to send this on to my brother-in-law , might be useful for his son . 
  thanks again !, 
  thanks , i did n't know it extended to great-grandchildren . 
   it can also be extended by registering at irish embassy before your children are born . 
  is that the case ? 
  i have irish-american relatives who 've taken passports based on grandparent right , but i do n't think they can pass this to their children . 
  is n't this isis trolling the fn ? 
  if i wanted to plan an assault against the french green party , the last thing i 'd do is tip them off by identifying them as ` chosen targets ' in my terrorism newsletter . 
  the predictable result is that the supposed targets request protection and therefore become more difficult to attack . 
  there is some immigration yes . 
  here 's a study from 10 years ago : http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/latin-american-immigration-southern-europe for more recent data , i 'd try eurostat . 
  what a strange story . 
  i suppose there are ferries from poland to sweden ? 
  seems like a bit of a trek to attack asylum seekers though . 
  would n't germany be closer ? 
  ah okay thanks . 
  what 's a ` sex ratio turnaround ' ? 
  it sounds a little kinky . 
  employment opportunities ? 
   to wit , the police man executed on the ground by the hebdo attackers was a french police officer who was a muslim . 
   the people who killed him ? 
   they conceived of themselves as muslim before anything else . 
  i 'm somewhat in agreement , though i 'd argue that they conceived of themselves as a * special type * of muslim . 
  the kouachi brothers were n't particularly observant before their radicalization . 
  amedy coulibaly was probably even less so . 
  we see the same pattern among many of the fuckers who attacked paris last november : youth delinquents , non-observant muslims who become radicalized quite quickly . 
  i 've read somewhere that it 's probably easier to turn non-observant muslims into terrorists , because they can be fed a very specific view of islam and they do n't have the religious ( cultural ) background to contradict their teachers/controllers . 
   i am saying that in the scope of a person 's culture being primarily islamic they will be in conflict with `` the west '' . 
  insofar as * islamic * means the representation of islam that is being pushed by fundamentalists , you 'd be right . 
  this is exactly the point that lucas is making in the interview - those who seek to promote culture clash between islam and the west need a stark contrast without room for nuance . 
  the fundamentalist version of islam is the one that is shoved in our faces to provoke exactly the clash that is desired . 
   we can historically say the west has a culture that is a result of the secularization and reduction in strength of polity of what was once called `` christendom '' you see more homogeneity among western nations than i do , and less heterogenity among so-called islamic nations . 
  how long has this western secularization been in place ? 
  has it been achieved throughout the former `` christendom '' ? 
  how should we view malaysia and indonesia , both democracies of significantly longer standing than many countries of the former christendom ? 
  what about pakistan ? 
  is tunisian culture interchangeable with saudi arabian or kuwaiti culture ? 
  i think one of the key points of the interview is that there are extremists on both sides . 
   it is urgent that the left finally hears us , before the clash between xenophobic extreme right and extreme muslim fundamentalist right becomes unmanageable in europe, 
  ** for fear of being accused of islamophobia , are european leaders , according to you , trying to abdicate the principle of equality between men and women ? 
  ** everywhere , governments are willing to sell the rights of women to achieve social peace with the reactionary forces that bring them into question . 
  just look at the time that france , to appease the christian right , changed its natalist 1920 law [ against incitement to abortion and contraceptive practices , ed ] and accept the reproductive rights [ free choice of contraception , sexuality , marriage ... ed ] . 
  today , fundamentalists have almost managed to establish the idea that islam is them , they are the only legitimate representatives and anyone who opposes their supposedly religious rantings therefore attack islam . 
  the term `` islamophobia '' illustrates their strategy : dare to contradict me and i accuse you of hating islam . 
  they have also managed to impose the word `` sharia '' ( meaning of `` islamic law '' in the singular ) , while there are hundreds of different laws , even contradictory . 
  the unthinking adoption of concepts forged by fundamentalists to spread their doctrine in europe is very worrying . 
  in the name of anti-imperialism and anti-racism , the european left abandons the anti-fundamentalists in muslim countries as well as those anti-fundamentalists who have immigrated to europe . 
  now we need the left to prevent the recovery of our protests by the extreme xenophobic right , who dream of transforming our denunciation of fundamentalism in an attack against islam , resulting in possible pogroms against suspected muslims . 
  ** some muslims equate any free femininity to a form of prostitution . 
  it is far from president nasser in the 1950s , publicly mocking the muslim brotherhood who wanted to impose the veil egyptian women ... ** it is not islam that is in question - nasser was a good muslim and secular at the time of his rise to power - but a far-right political force that 's disguised as a religious movement . 
  other extreme right movements have also advocated the control of women and their sexuality , or even their political exploitation . 
  i think of the restrictive policies on contraception by the catholic right in franco 's spain or of the request of `` overproduction '' made of women by nazi germany and mussolini 's italy . 
  the army of the serbian orthodox fundamentalists practiced the same program of systematic impregnation of bosnian women as daech soldiers practice on yazidi women , or those of the gia on algerian women . 
  control of women 's sexuality ( and draconian sanction of recalcitrants ) is a reliable indicator of the extreme right kind of political movements . 
  their rise to power is explained in part by the political cowardice of those who observe the climb while hoping they will not be themselves affected . 
  ** in muslim regimes , is it power itself that confirms the inferiority of women ... ** yes , and in others , they have a lot of rights !, 
  in the muslim world there is an infinite variety of laws , all supposedly in accordance with islam . 
  here , women can become head of state , judge , taxi driver , have equal rights with men in marriage [ the prime minister of bangladesh is also a woman , sheikh hasina , ed ] . 
  there , they are fully subject , forcibly married in childhood [ like saudi arabia , ed ] . 
  this makes it clear that the so-called muslim laws are made by men , reactionary political powers using religious justification to serve their interests . 
  ** can we talk in cologne a `` clash of cultures '' , with all the risks of political recovery that imply ? 
  ** in our country , fundamentalists label `` kaffir '' ( `` infidel '' ) every citizen - muslim , secular , or atheist - who refuses the imprisonment and the enslavement of women , the killing of unbelievers , the theocratic state . 
  they feel they have the right and duty to exterminate them physically - just as the notion of untermensch ( `` subhuman '' ) allowed the nazis to justify the extermination of jews , communists , gays , roma or the mentally deficient . 
  ali belhadj , deputy chairman of the islamic front of salvation in algeria , announced before the 1992 elections that if the fis won , he would stand no further and said : `` when you have the law of god , why would we need the laws of men ? 
  we must kill all infidels . '', 
  democrats , understand that it says : you are disbelievers opposed to the law of god , you deserve death . 
  the concept of culture clash between islam and the west is unscientific : there is no single muslim culture , common to several continents , in countries with completely different levels of economic , social , cultural development ... 
  this homogenization under the banner of `` their '' islam is the fundamentalist program , but fortunately they are still far from having imposed it everywhere . 
  i would rather speak of a clash between fascists and antifascists . 
  in europe or in so-called muslim countries , feminists and progressive forces defend women 's rights and oppose the theocratic fundamentalist project . 
  in algeria , the daily popular resistance to armed fundamentalists - women on the front line - prevented at a cost of hundreds of thousands of victims in the 1990s , the accession to power of the fis and the gia . 
  i know women 's organizations all over the place that fight for their rights against muslim fundamentalists and who want secular states regardless of their personal faith from pakistan to algeria , afghanistan , mali , sudan , iran , from bosnia to uzbekistan . 
  in europe and north america , it is women whose families are from so-called muslim countries who are at the head of most secular feminist organizations . 
  they have good reason to defend secularism , as they - or their close relatives - often have first-hand experience of what it means to live under the fundamentalist boot . 
  all these feminists , these progressives deserve to be supported by their counterparts in europe . 
  it is this alliance that must be achieved . 
  ** marieme helie lucas ** 1950 teacher for twelve years in epistemology and methodology in the social sciences at the university of algiers . 
  1984 creation of the international network wluml ( women living under muslim laws ) . 
  2005 creation of siawi network ( secularism is a women 's issue ) . 
  2014 branch collective work * the struggle for secularism in europe and north america : women from migrant descent facing the rise of fundamentalism * currently being translated to french . 
  translation : after cologne , the algerian sociologist marieme helie lucas warns that assaults against women reflect the rise of islamic fundamentalism , which is nothing but a new form of extreme right . 
  cologne , december 31 : hundreds of women surrounded , assaulted , raped sometimes , by men in groups , mostly immigrants . 
  similar scenes took place in sweden , austria , also in germany . 
  each time , the police and media started by suppressing information . 
  hide the offense to avoid being accused of racism ? 
  denounce a `` clash of cultures '' and clearly sexist islam in the explosive atmosphere of the waves of migrants and pressures of communitarianism ? 
  the discomfort is palpable , there are many amalgams . 
  and silence is unforgivable . 
  we should identify in these attacks targeting women `` a harbinger of the rise of fundamentalism , '' said the algerian sociologist marieme helie lucas , founder in 2005 of the international network secularism is a women 's issue ( siawi ) .
