  fascinating article , thanks !, 
  speak for yourself mate . 
  i have plenty of kids . 
  this piece was commissioned by the scottish national portrait gallery . 
  it 's by a mercury prize winning group called young fathers . 
  you may not like the content , but you ca n't dissociate it from the snpg . 
  this piece was commissioned by the scottish national portrait gallery . 
  it 's by a mercury prize winning group called young fathers . 
  you may not like the content , but you ca n't dissociate it from the snpg . 
  lol . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=nothing+in+this+part+shall+be+read+or+given+effect+in+a+way+which+prohibits+or+restricts+discussion ), 
  first , you 'd have to show that his words are intended to stir up racial hatred . 
  is there a call to arms ? 
  does he urge others to have the same views as he does ? 
  is he talking about the living or just the dead . 
  second , you 'd have to show that his speech is n't covered by protected clauses , such as the following in england and wales :  nothing in this part shall be read or given effect in a way which prohibits or restricts discussion , criticism or expressions of antipathy , dislike , ridicule , insult or abuse of particular religions or the beliefs or practices of their adherents , or of any other belief system or the beliefs or practices of its adherents , or proselytising or urging adherents of a different religion or belief system to cease practising their religion or belief system . 
  subjective descriptions of a person 's actions or behaviour , however abhorrent , crass or objectionable , may not be considered an attempt to spread hate unless the motive is clearly defined as such . 
  you may not like what he says - i 'm not keen on it myself - but that does n't make it hate speech , which has a legal definition . 
  just as i do n't accept the overuse of accusations of racism , i do n't accept the overuse of accusations of hate speech . 
  eight days later ... and ? 
  do you mean parliament should n't always be sovereign ? 
  halving in three years ? 
  lol . 
  he 's addressing a portrait . 
  what parts of what he says are `` hate speech '' ? 
  edit : it 's also not some `` random '' outsider . 
  the piece was produced by an edinburgh based hip-hop group called young father . 
  they were invited by the snpg . 
  no it paints everyone as questioning when under existential threat . 
  i do n't agree with the perspective , but it has a long history from ancient greece to pascal 's wager and beyond . 
   russia actually has a relatively higher percentage of self-declared non-religious people but we 're discussing a sudden halving of that percentage . 
  that 's what 's interesting . 
  no it 's not hate speech . 
  you could put any working class scot in there asking basically the same questions . 
  what relevance have most of the population of the snpg to today 's world ? 
  billy connolly and robbie coltrane are probably the most recognisable subjects in the gallery . 
  however , i 'm not sure it achieves any purpose , except to emphasise the inherent elitism of portraiture as an art form for much of history . 
  at a basic level it has this discussion going on r/europe , even if most of it is anxious people getting on their high horses about uppity rap artists without bothering to look at the context . 
  if they had n't made this video , would you have known about the snpg 's new exhibition ? 
  yeah yeah i read that part . 
  the lulzsec case :  mckinnon and love are not the only britons to have been arrested for hacking the us government . 
  in 2011 , a group called lulzsec , short for ` laughing at your security ' , claimed to have knocked the cia 's website offline , hacked the us air force , and leaked emails and passwords from the us senate in 2011 . 
  the nhs and news international were also victims . 
   around a dozen people were arrested for the lulzsec hacks globally in a collaboration between the fbi and uk police . 
  four were based in the uk : ryan cleary , jake davis , mustafa al-bassam and ryan ackroyd . 
  the us did n't seek extradition of the four british lulzsec members , and they were convicted in the uk . 
  cleary received the longest sentence -- two years and eight months -- after pleading guilty to six charges including hacking into the pentagon . 
  it seems the crucial difference is that the us did n't seek extradition in the lulzsec case , maybe because mckinnon was taking so long . 
  looks like theresa may has given up a piece of executive sovereignty that could 've allowed this case to be tried in england . 
  you stole it from primary school kids , huh . 
  oh right , it 's because asperger 's sounds kind of like * ass burgers * . 
  gosh that 's so witty . 
  what 's that old saying ? 
  there are no atheists in ~ ~ foxholes ~ ~ russia ? 
  edit : for the downvoters who do n't bother to discuss , here 's the explanation : the ` no atheists in foxholes ' idea is that people find religion when undergoing existential stress . 
  either people in russia feel that it 's no longer safe to be considered atheists , or there 's a big deception going on in the collection of statistics . 
  either way , it 's not a good sign . 
  i think viktor might have a crush on donald . 
   the eu 's actions caused the uk to leave which actions ? 
  if the lolsec hackers who were based in the uk got tried and imprisoned in the uk , why could n't the same happen to this guy ? 
  on \u00cele de la cit\u00e9 at the corner of the [ conciergerie ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/conciergerie ) . 
  five to ten years will see the agri sector turning round . 
  currently it 's about 40 % exports to uk , 30 % rest of eu , and 30 % rest of world . 
  it 's not unreasonable to expect that five years after brexit it 'll be 30 % uk , 40 % eu , and 30 % rest of world . 
  i would n't say brexit is good for irish agriculture , but i do n't think it 'll be a disaster except for a few sectors that were overexposed to exchange rates anyway . 
  really ? 
  that seems a bit clever to have been me . 
  i probably stole it from someone else . 
  some gombeen former irish ambassador bloke has been hawking an irexit fantasy . 
  he 's being bankrolled by a british `` think tank '' . 
  mad enough to elect bertie as taoiseach three times though . 
  aka * the minister for finance who did n't have a bank account ... *, 
   delaying the talks by trying to sneak in elements of the so-called `` phase two '' negotiations on trade and future relations . 
  that sounds exactly like they 're making it up as they go along . 
   rees-mogg for pm . 
  because instead of going back to a pre-1970s context , britain should go back to the 1890s ? 
  tourists in paris should be more wary of pickpockets than terrorists . 
  men - do n't leave your wallet in an external pocket ; women - keep your bag closed and attached ( to you or to something like a chair leg ) . 
  i meet several people a year who 've had their stuff taken through carelessness . 
  i think tk red lemonade is uniquely irish ? 
  never seen it anywhere else . 
  alt right attention whoring on the high seas goes awry ? 
  who 'd have predicted that one ? 
  my local carrefour has been trying to sell flavoured mascarpone and perhaps ricotta in a can , made by one of the big italian dairy chains . 
  they have n't been selling well as they 're always reduced price . 
  that 's can-embert and roque-spurt to be precise . 
  1789 : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/declaration_of_the_rights_of_man_and_of_the_citizen 1791 : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/rights_of_man, 
  not sure if serious ? 
  i thought you 'd need their passport to tell whether someone 's british ? 
  definitely murky . 
  i 'm not sure how to describe it now that brackish is n't an option ... :-) a bit like canal water but faster flowing . 
  you would n't drink litres of it but if you swallow a bit it wo n't harm you . 
  if you 've been swimming in a lake it 's probably the closest analogy . 
   an effort to undermine their faith i do n't think that 's what it is . 
  i think it 's an effort to practice their faith differently . 
  not sure norskeeurope was saying `` forgive and forget '' . 
  it 's just possible that someone who got out of isis alive might decide that a quiet life is preferable . 
  it 's not an unlikely outcome , imo . 
  we should n't underestimate isis , but we also should n't imagine that they 're somehow superhuman . 
   its worth remembering that eu was found on conservative ideals and by quite conservative people .
