  it 's mostly the clitoral hood . 
  did n't cameron say he 'd trigger article 50 `` the day after '' the result was known ? 
  west ham or aston villa ? 
  cazeneuve 's position is looking more and more precarious . 
  i 'd read that the killer sent a big sum of money to family in tunisia recently - like 130k euro . 
  i wonder if he got paid in advance for his ` mission ' ... fair play to franck the airport worker ( guardian story ) - i 'd read references before but had n't realised he climbed up to the cab of the truck . 
   i fear the simplifiers will win the vote . 
  the simplifiers are winning quite a lot at the moment . 
  there 's a strong anti-intellectual trend in politics , especially in the anglosphere but also elsewhere in europe . 
  it 's a pity . 
  goldsmith belonged in a bond movie with a persian cat on his lap . 
  i know !, 
  what bloody moron came up with that ? 
   explain the high levels ... no , i do n't need to explain anything . 
  i 've explained why your earlier statement was not supported by evidence . 
  that 's what i was discussing . 
  you have a problem with blacks and asians ( and central and eastern europeans , apparently ) - i 'm not here to dissuade you from your problem . 
  i corrected your claim that the data you presented `` showed '' something . 
  you appear to have finally accepted that correction , but now you want to discuss something else . 
  i do n't , so goodbye . 
  the uncertainty is not good for anyone , uk included , but to be honest the timing of the referendum was very poor . 
  holding the poll just before the holiday season was crazy . 
  good luck !, 
  having grown up in a society ( irish ) where religion dominated politics i can observe two things : 1 . 
  it 's not very fun . 
  it can change quickly so there is always hope . 
  i expect you will consider this `` technicalities '' , but i 'll explain it anyway . 
  you results show that black britons are * more likely to be suspects * in sexual assault cases . 
  overall , your data show that black people are disproportionately represented in suspect figures . 
  what your data do n't show is what you originally claimed , i.e. 
  that white people commit less crime per capita . 
  that 's why i disagreed with you , and i still do . 
  what you claim might be true , but you do n't have the data to prove it . 
  it would be better to look at conviction data rather than suspect data , but you still have the problem that blacks and asians are disproportionately stopped and searched by police . 
  if a white guy and a black guy separately go out one afternoon carrying stolen property , the black guy is more likely to get caught simply because he 's more likely to be searched . 
  until the rate of stop and search is roughly equal , it 's going to be impossible to make statements along the lines of `` x ethnic group commits proportionately more/less crime than y ethnic group '' . 
  everything you know about these places you 've learned from the internet ? 
  you 've never visited any of them to form your own opinion ? 
  edit : i 'm guessing you just learn it all from the internet . 
  in that case , look up daniel pipes . 
  he used to spout the same stuff about no go areas near paris , but then he actually visited a supposed no go area and retracted what he 'd said before . 
  also , ` sensitive urban zone ' is a bureaucratic definition that means there is higher than average poverty . 
  it 's nothing to do with religion . 
  moreover , you 're confusing ` islamification ' with drug dealing . 
  as with any big european city , there are places around paris where drug dealers congregate . 
  these areas are hostile to the police , but they 're not very ` islamic ' . 
  there are plenty of africans involved in the drug trade , but they would n't be regular attendees at the mosque . 
  my second child was born in roubaix . 
  i visited frequently and never saw any trouble . 
  i regularly visit seine-saint-denis ; never seen any trouble there either . 
  edit : you can learn a little about [ clos saint-lazare ] ( http://reportersdemonquartier.blogspot.fr/2012/11/le-clos-saint-lazare-daujourdhuiet-de.html ) from the kids who live there . 
  but it 's in french . 
  4.695713854 x 10 ^ -4 i think . 
  seems like a good system . 
   26,083 sexual assaults perpetrated by white people in a population of 55,546,400 white people gives us a sexual assault per capita of ' 4.695713854 ^ -4 ' so if i round to the nearest ` whole person ' , that 's 5 sexual assaults per capita using your numbers ? 
   there is a parallel muslim society . 
  no there is n't . 
  it 's good that he has his sport to focus on . 
   mourad has decided that he will continue to love his brother while at the same time scorning him as a murderer . 
  but he does n't yet know if that will work . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't know either . 
   oh do n't try and dismiss it all on technicalities lol . 
  you do n't understand statistics , do you ? 
  he 's staked his political future on getting unemployment figures down . 
  you 're presenting data on `` suspects '' not convictions . 
  you 're failing to account for volume of crime - when you want to make a statement ` per capita ' , you really need to work out the numbers . 
  finally , from your own home office link :  in 2011/12 , a person aged ten or older ( the age of criminal responsibility ) , who self-identified as belonging to the black ethnic group was six times more likely than a white person to be stopped and searched under section 1 ( s1 ) of the police and criminal evidence act 1984 and other legislation in england and wales ; persons from the asian or mixed ethnic group were just over two times more likely to be stopped and searched than a white person . 
  the obvious one here is drugs - there 's no reason to think that black or asian youths do more or less drugs than white youths , but if you 're more likely to be stopped and searched , you 're more likely to be caught . 
  use * fewer * when referring to people - 16m fewer people and 60 % fewer londoners . 
   i 'm in bundoran surfing ? 
   this is a problem because white people commit less crime per capita * as shown here . 
  that shows nothing of the sort . 
  i think it started with about 20 people the first night and then escalated last night . 
  probably a mix of people who knew him and are genuinely outraged and hooligans who just enjoy rioting . 
  the police say the guy had a heart condition - his family and friends do n't believe them . 
   people starting in 97 had to pay fees wow , you dodged a bullet there . 
  primary and higher level degrees i think . 
  val d'oise is a big area . 
  the town where this is happening , beaumont-sur-oise , seems unremarkable . 
  i 've read different versions of what happened , but anyway it seems this 24 year old was arrested and died quite quickly in custody - either on the way to the station or soon after he arrived at the station . 
  he probably thought he was a muslim . 
  what 's the qualifying factor ? 
  odd . 
  me too but no request for my location . 
  i 've no idea . 
  are you on a mobile device ? 
   the guy was n't a muslim he had a muslim background , and he grew a beard shortly before the attack . 
  he told friends [ `` the significance of the beard is religious '' ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/18/nice-attack-premeditated-mohamed-lahouaiej-bouhlel-beard-prosecutor ) . 
  his internet search history shows he watched beheading videos , searched for news about the orlando shooting , etc. 
  his actions seem clearly inspired by violent islamism , even if he was not an observant muslim himself . 
  bottom line is probably that he was a violent nihilistic psychopath who settled on isis as his reason for killing lots of people and ultimately himself . 
  anyway , isis does n't give a fuck how many muslims they kill , or how many muslims their supporters kill . 
  they want carnage and mayhem . 
  link is broken now but this looks like a good old-fashioned purge of political opponents . 
  academics are a flight risk if allowed to travel outside turkey . 
   all the hate against those of us that were pro-eu is coming out i 'm not seeing this hate . 
  just people saying the fairly obvious `` we do n't know the future situation , so we go with other european research partners rather than uk partners '' . 
  the biggest problem is n't that the uk voted to leave , the biggest problem is that nobody had a plan and uncertainty is bad for long-term projects . 
  if the uk had voted to leave but there was a predictable outcome , people would get on with it , but with no predictable outcome , the uk is getting shut out for the time being .
