  i 'm not saying it 's a big amount or a small amount . 
  i 'm saying what percentage it represents . 
  disappointed no [ bollock dagger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bollock_dagger ) . 
   the eu should ... come up with an efficiency cap . 
  an efficiency cap or an efficiency floor ? 
  really ? 
  leopard 2 costs about $ 5.74 m -  $ 775m minehunter ? 
  maybe $ 10m -  $ 40m dc 10 -  $ 136m f16 $ 19m -  $ 380m already we 're at over $ 1000 million without paying for the minor things , the patrol boats , the logistics ships , and the patriot battery ( about 4m for the launcher , but then almost 3m per missile ) . 
  no , i calculated that from the military budget based on the stockholm international peace research institute 2017 fact sheet ( for 2016 ) sipri military expenditure database . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures ) you can do it too . 
   $ 850 million seems like a very steep cut it 's about 1.5 % on 2016 figures, 
  huh , til that pierre de villiers is the brother of [ philippe de villiers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philippe_de_villiers ) , founder of puy du fou and right-wing politician . 
  the labour party needs to ally with some sane tories and bring this government down . 
  it 's completely incompetent . 
  this makes sense if uk plans selling into the single market . 
  megawattage hoovers here we come !, 
  is ted kaczynski their older brother ? 
   if that claim is correct , then voters should favor a five-year moratorium on immigration over permanent restrictions on immigration starting in five years . 
  in theory perhaps , but that choice was never on the table . 
  the uk government had multiple options to control immigration from the rest of the eu , but it chose not to exercise them . 
  the tories ( and may as home secretary ) repeatedly promised to get immigration under 100k people , and repeatedly failed to do so . 
  in addition , given that a government last 5 years maximum , you 'd have to assume perfect trust in government for voters to choose permanent restrictions in 5 years time versus a 5-year moratorium now . 
  what happens if a different party gets elected next time ? 
  channel 4 in the uk will soon show a mini-series called [ the state ] ( http://www.channel4.com/info/press/news/channel-4-reveals-first-look-at-the-state ) , based on stories like this one . 
  look at it this way , may had an overall majority when she took over as leader . 
  she gambled that in order to strengthen her position , but she lost . 
  now she runs a minority government that 's beset by infighting and disagreement . 
  within the gamut of opinion on brexit , there are those who think brexit is probably a bad idea but were willing to keep schtum and see how it turned out . 
  what they see now is a minority government in disarray , that ca n't agree on a common strategy , and that does n't seem to have done its homework . 
  their position has hence changed from `` wait and see '' to `` let 's block this because it 's going to turn out horribly '' . 
   i have a hard time believing that most britons selected a brexit position primarily based on a three to five year timeline . 
  what do you think `` regain control over borders '' means ? 
  it 's not a 20-30 year timeline ; it 's intended to happen quickly . 
  the brexit voters driven by issues of immigration and border control are not looking even 10 years down the road - they want immigration reduced as soon as possible . 
   uk membership in the eu is a long-term decision . 
  like , maybe hundreds of years . 
  very few people take a perspective over decades , never mind centuries . 
  they 're interested in their short-term economic position , and perhaps the medium-term position of their families . 
   what 's the worst that they can do , negotiate a horrible deal ? 
  leave with no deal and no preparation , causing several years of economic chaos . 
   then the next government can renegotiate . 
  from a weakened position . 
   may was never going to personally design the brexit plan you have n't been paying attention to the cabinet infighting . 
   i do n't see how the current government would greatly change anyone 's mind on brexit . 
  i mean , they just are n't very important on how the bulk of the aftermath of brexit goes . 
  in the three to five year period , which is what matters to most people , they are crucially important . 
  open in a private browser . 
  i think a lot of people who were taking a ` wait and see ' attitude are now becoming nervous . 
  this is n't because brexit is necessarily a bad outcome for the uk , but because the current government does not inspire any faith . 
  may is a dead woman walking , and her cabinet is hugely divided over what sort of deal the uk wants from europe . 
  last weekend three separate newspapers ran stories against hammond , the finance minister , because he 's a cautious guy who wants to protect jobs and investment . 
  as such , he 's considered a stumbling block to a hard brexit , and at least five separate cabinet members briefed against him ( anonymously ) to the newspapers . 
  it 's a shitstorm with no sign of improving in the near future , but the clock is ticking . 
   pis outplayed every opponent with that . 
  smart move . 
   first announce great and controversial plan for chnging the law ...  pull back on plans and go with the plan you had in mind from the beginning ( much less controvertial ) . 
  i get the impression this is a strategy pis has used before , but i ca n't remember the details . 
  did something similar happen last year ? 
   also the beaten close to death is wrong even by what the facebook video says , as the victims did n't need any surgery . 
  if anything it looks like a broken nose . 
  my thoughts on seeing the picture . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/left-libertarianism there 's a long tradition of left-wing libertarianism . 
  it 's not all hayek and rand . 
  [ brexit talks resume : get down to business , david davis urges ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-40627328 ) and , er , a few hours later ... [ david davis returns from brexit talks after lightning brussels trip ] ( https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:dqrs3qxaapij:https://www.ft.com/content/a11de5ea-6ae5-11e7-b9c7-15af748b60d0+&amp;cd=4&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=fr ), 
  visited in the early 90s . 
  lovely town . 
   our leaders have been very generous and conciliatory on this point you 're clearly trying to troll me but i 'm not taking the bait . 
   i think it 's very unhelpful that the europeans are making this the up front number one priority in this way . 
  the uk has made a unilateral decision , and now the eu must bend over backwards to accommodate that ? 
  that 's not how the real world works i 'm afraid . 
  trade negotiations and agreements are about building trust between the different parties . 
   the money question should be trivial to settle : britain pays the usual tribute required by the treaties until those treaties cease to apply , then stops . 
  no , that 's not reasonable . 
  the uk signed up to fund certain programs that will continue after brexit . 
  the funding for these programs must also be taken in to account . 
  the uk government accepts this already , and it 's not rocket science to work out a figure . 
  unfortunately , it 's been turned into a political issue instead of remaining an administrative one . 
   once we know broadly what the future arrangement will look like the uk government is still divided over that the future arrangement will look like . 
  the knives are out for the chancellor and the pm seems to have lost all authority over her cabinet . 
  i do n't understand what all these neigh-sayers have against horse meat ? 
  seriously guys , why the long faces ? 
  if i can summarize the current status : 1 . 
  when exit happens on 2nd anniversary of art 50 triggering , there 'll be no debts between uk and eu . 
  uk chose when to trigger art 50 . 
  timing was determined by uk govt . 
  uk govt chose to hold snap election rather than prepare for negotiations . 
  eu has been clear all along that exit bill has to be defined first , because of ( 1 ) . 
  on the one hand you 're saying that debts will cease to exist in march 2019 , but on the other hand you 're complaining that the eu wants to calculate and settle the debt before march 2019 . 
  by your own reasoning this is exactly what the eu and uk should be doing . 
  meanwhile you imply that it 's somehow the eu 's fault that there 's no progress in negotiations , even though the timetable has been under the control of the uk government . 
   other than under those treaties , what does britain owe europe or europe owe britain ? ', 
  britain owes europe its ongoing funding commitments ; europe owes britain its investments in certain european institutions . 
  it is quite simple . 
   but i think the europeans will insist on making it a point of contention all the same !, 
  because you 're too focused on this side issue and overlooking items of far greater importance . 
  the `` exit bill '' is political theatre for the consumption of the uk audience . 
  you should be more concerned about your government 's lack of preparedness for the negotiations . 
  yes , but mlp is a revisionist . 
   the status of eu citizens living in britain and british citizens living in the eu . 
  this is the toughest .
