   cameron should be hung . 
  it 's `` hanged '' when referring to a person . 
  not quite sure why , though obviously there 's the use of ` hung ' to refer to size . 
  yes , those useless bloody experts who warned about this happening . 
  who needs them , eh ? 
  he 's political editor for sky news . 
  sky is owned by rupert murdoch and would generally be considered pro-tory . 
  i doubt he 's making this up . 
  yes number 10 meaning the pm 's office . 
  it honestly feels like the rivalry between cameron and johnson has taken precedence over any other issue . 
  here 's [ the video of the sky news segment ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hne-yhr7ujc ) . 
  who is threatening ` punishment ' ? 
  european leaders want the uk to get on with the job , but i have n't seen any calls to punish the uk . 
  a deal like norway 's would be welcomed by the eu , i 'm sure , but i think the british people would be upset ( free movement continues , still paying membership fees , but now no say in policy ) . 
   to be honest i do n't think bojo has much of an idea what he 's talking about . 
  he does n't know what he can deliver , and he wo n't know for some time . 
  cameron has shafted him by refusing to negotiate the exit . 
   why pay for workers to come and keep wages artificially low ? 
  to avoid inflationary spirals . 
   any action against british expats will be met with action against eu expats . 
  the ball is in britain 's court in terms of what they 'll accept as a post-brexit status . 
  this confrontational language is childish . 
   you fuck ours , we fuck yours it 's more likely to be * if britain refuses free movement , eu workers will have to leave britain , and british workers ( and pensioners ) in eu will have to leave eu countries . 
  * the ball is in britain 's court in terms of whether they 'll accept some deal like norway 's or switzerland 's . 
  ** britain is sailing into a storm with no one at the wheel ** by bagehot it was a troubling exchange . 
  on live television faisal islam , the political editor of skynews , was recounting a conversation with a pro-brexit conservative mp . 
  `` i said to him : ` where 's the plan ? 
  can we see the brexit plan now ? ' [ the mp replied  ` there is no plan . 
  the leave campaign do n't have a post-brexit plan ... number 10 should have had a plan . ''' the camera cut to anna botting , the anchor , horror chasing across her face . 
  for a couple of seconds they were both silent , as the point sunk in . 
  `` do n't know what to say to that , actually , '' she replied , looking down at the desk . 
  then she cut to a commercial break . 
  sixty hours have gone by since a puffy-eyed david cameron appeared outside 10 downing street and announced his resignation . 
  the pound has tumbled . 
  investment decisions have been suspended ; already firms talk of moving operations overseas . 
  britain 's eu commissioner has resigned . 
  sensitive political acts -- the chilcot report 's publication , decisions on a new london airport runway and the renewal of britain 's nuclear deterrent -- are looming . 
  european leaders are shuttling about the continent meeting and discussing what to do next . 
  those more sympathetic to britain are looking for signs from london of how they can usefully influence discussions . 
  at home mounting evidence suggests a spike in racist and xenophobic attacks on immigrants . 
  scotland is heading for another independence referendum . 
  northern ireland 's peace settlement may hang by a thread . 
  but at the top of british politics , a vacuum yawns wide . 
  the phones are ringing , but no one is picking up . 
  mr cameron has said nothing since friday morning . 
  george osborne , the chancellor of the exchequer , has been silent . 
  ( this afternoon i texted several of his advisers to ask whether he would make a statement before the markets open tomorrow . 
  as i write this i have received no replies . ), 
  the prime minister 's loyalist allies in westminster and in the media are largely mute . 
  apart from ashen-faced , mumbled statements from the vote leave headquarters on friday , boris johnson and michael gove have also ducked the limelight ; mr johnson is meeting friends and allies today , june 26th , at his house near oxford in what are believed to be talks about his impending leadership bid . 
  neither seems to have the foggiest as to what should happen next . 
  today mr gove 's wife committed to facebook the hope that `` clever people '' might offer to `` lend their advice and expertise . '' and mr johnson 's sister , rachel , tweeted : `` everyone keeps saying ` we are where we are ' but nobody seems to have the slightest clue where that is . '' ordinarily the opposition might take advantage of the vacuum : calling on the government to act , offering its own proposals , venturing a framework . 
  but labour has turned in on itself , a parade of shadow ministers resigning this afternoon in what seems to be a concerted coup attempt against jeremy corbyn , the party 's useless leader . 
  in a meeting tomorrow tom watson , the party 's deputy leader , is expected to call on mr corbyn to quit . 
  of the need for stability and leadership following thursday 's vote the party has little to say . 
  no one seems capable of stepping forward and offering reassurance . 
  the leavers , who disagreed on what brexit should look like , do not think it is their responsibility to set out a path . 
  they reckon that falls to number 10 ( where they have appeared in public , it has mostly been to discard the very pledges on which they won the referendum ) . 
  number 10 , however , seems to have done little planning for this eventuality . 
  it seems transfixed by the unfolding chaos ; reluctant to formulate answers to the brexiteers ' unanswered questions . 
  as mr cameron reportedly told aides on june 24th when explaining his decision to resign : `` why should i do all the hard shit ? '' this could go on for a while . 
  the conservative leadership contest will last until at least early october , perhaps longer . 
  it may be almost as long until labour has a new chief , and even then he or she may be a caretaker . 
  the new prime minister could call a general election . 
  it might be more than half a year until britain has a leader capable of addressing the myriad crises now engulfing it . 
  the country does not have that kind of time . 
  despite arguments for patience from continental anglophiles , including angela merkel , the insistence that britain immediately invoke article 50 of the lisbon treaty , launching exit negotiations that can last no longer than two years , is hardening . 
  soon it may be a consensus . 
  britain could be thrust into talks under a lame-duck leader with no clear notion of what brexit should look like or mandate to negotiate . 
  all against a background of intensifying economic turmoil and increasingly ugly divides on britain 's streets . 
  the country is sailing into a storm . 
  and no one is at the wheel . 
  bullies are basically cowards but love to be in a majority . 
  when they 're in a minority , they keep their vitriol to themselves , but now they think they 're in a majority , it 's open season on foreigners . 
  take care of yourselves people in britain , especially if you look or sound somewhat ` foreign ' . 
   recessions do n't come announced . 
  recessions have a clear technical definition , and the uk was not showing signs of entering recession in q1 2016 . 
  and nothin ' ai n't worth nothin ' but it 's free . 
   if the spanish cause problems we will retaliate . 
  lol . 
  the count has hardly finished and already you 're preparing for war with europe . 
  future existence of both the uk and the eu is in doubt . 
  the uk is probably in deeper trouble . 
  they 'll have to take a softly softly approach , but there 's a majority in ni that want to remain in the eu , and some sort of alliance with roi is a good way to approach that . 
   we probably should change our overly generous citizenship laws . 
  but think of the football team !, 
  fair play to them . 
  it 's a decent magazine if a little superficial and narrow minded . 
  it 's lighthearted discussion of an eu myth that kent has to become part of france . 
  but go ahead and drink cava and i 'll have the champagne . 
    there are good agrophysics reason for champagne to annex kent . 
   champagne can only be made in champagne . 
  which is exactly why champagne should annex kent ... 
   eu wants kent to be part of france . 
  there are good agrophysics reason for champagne to annex kent . 
  taittinger is already [ buying up land there ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/dec/09/champagne-taittinger-to-produce-english-sparkling-wine-in-kent ) . 
   people living in southern and central england today typically share about 40 % of their dna with the french , 11 % with the danes and 9 % with the belgians , [ the study of more than 2,000 people found ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/mar/18/genetic-study-30-percent-white-british-dna-german-ancestry ) . 
   ...  `` [ our results ] suggest that at least 20 % of the genetic makeup in this area is from anglo-saxon migrants , and that there was mixing , '', 
  okay i think i understand now . 
  you mean that if billy bragg was n't billy bragg , then he could be tommy robinson .
