   i think europe is doomed . 
  they wo n't win . 
  good . 
  i hope this leads to more arrests, 
  arrested = / = charged charged = / = convicted convicted = / = punished he 's potentially a lunatic - who harasses strangers in the street and then boasts about it on social media ? 
  police may just caution him . 
  glad i shaved off my beard in that case . 
  can get 5 litre bottles of acetone in hardware stores - it 's great for cleaning paint brushes . 
  ammonium nitrate is a common fertiliser , not sure how easy it is to buy in bulk . 
  but not going to damage a nuclear plant with these stocks . 
   the footage with `` dozens of hours '' of the movements of belgium 's nuclear boss was seized during an anti-terrorist raid in the apartment of another suspect belonging to the same terror cell , mohammed bakkali . 
  that 's odd . 
  what was the plan ? 
  kidnap the guy and make him hand over all the plutonium ? 
   worse still : now he 's not talking , because apparently he 's kept 2 cells away from mehdi nemmouche , who did have a tv in his cell , and kept him up to date and ordered him to stop talking oh ffs . 
  yes , that 's part of what i meant although i realize i did n't say it  no foreign funding , funding only from the national population ( whether by tax or by voluntary contribution ) , and some certification method for preachers/imams . 
  my own view is that mandatory minimums sentences are necessary in cases involving major injuries or loss of life . 
  after the minimum sentence has been served , the prisoner can apply for a review of their situation but without any guarantees . 
  i 'd pitch 30 years as a reasonable minimum in a serious terrorism case , on the basis that people mostly calm down in their late 40s and 50s . 
  essentially these people need to be taken out of society until such time as they can do no further harm ; if that means renewing a 30 year sentence for 10 years or even indefinitely , so be it . 
  excellent idea . 
  but do n't we then risk mars becoming like australia ? 
  well , europe is dealing with the fallout from iraq war ii : a new type of quasi-nation that gives even less of a fuck than regular rogue nations and openly funds terrorism in europe . 
  thanks america !, 
  after the attacks of brussels , a new debate arose on the best response to criminal acts of terrorism . 
  even before the tragic attacks of 22 march , it was nathalie kosciusko-morizet who on monday launched the idea of an `` effective life '' for perpetrators of terrorist attacks , while the reform of the deprivation of nationality has mired , and while abdeslam salah had been arrested . 
  manuel valls was open to increasing punishment or even to consider the idea . 
  questioned by the member for the essonne manuel valls said he had `` no problem to consider '' this track . 
  a sign of openness confirmed wednesday morning on europe 1 , premier saying he had `` no doubt that the convictions '' for terrorism `` are even heavier . '', 
  the prime minister has seen mounting opposition to this track . 
  `` it 's worth lingering death , in the end , that element '' ( life without parole ) , told lci the leader of ps members of the assembly , bruno le roux . 
  he concluded that `` we should have a sentence of long safety ( 22 years now , ed ) with a capacity of radicalization , rehabilitation . '', 
  the boss of the ps deputies also stressed deprivation of nationality `` he also takes penalties very clear in terms of citizenship , revocation ( ... ) , which would be a protection tool is one . '', 
  this stance has earned him being accused of idealism from the boss of the lr group in the senate : mr. 
  le roux `` appears again out of step with reality , '' responded bruno retailleau . 
  `` the idealism still lives on of the left . '' '', 
  the real life deserves debate and deserves examination , `` said bruno le maire , like nkm a candidate in the primaries for the right for 2017 . 
  same story from eric ciotti : '' it is unthinkable to imagine that these people can get out of jail tomorrow , because they always present a risk , `` he argued wednesday . 
  the proposal for an `` effective life '' comes as the senate majority to the right , just change the required constitutional amendments by fran\u00e7ois hollande after the november attacks and adopted by the assembly , thus jeopardizing the chances of the meet congress . 
  senators limited deprivation of nationality only to dual nationals , arguing not want to create stateless , where the assembly had extended to all the french , on the grounds of not wanting to discriminate . 
  but senate focus on binational occurred a few days after the arrest of salah french abdeslam , which is therefore theoretically more concerned by the measure . 
  what the law says life imprisonment exists in france . 
  under the current state of the law before a special court of assizes , a man convicted of a terrorist crime liable to life imprisonment collateralised period of twenty-two years , after which he may request sentence reduction or early release , with no guarantee of obtaining satisfaction . 
  this measure is however not the most severe penalty under the criminal code . 
  this provides that the safety penalty may be increased to thirty years in the case of murder of a minor under fifteen years preceded or accompanied by torture and barbarous acts . 
  a 2011 law , the government initiative of nicolas sarkozy and fran\u00e7ois fillon , has extended this possibility to cases of murder of a police officer , policeman or magistrate in the exercise or because of his duties . 
  even more severe , the act provides that the court may choose , by special decision to deprive the condemned measures attached to a safety period . 
  in this case , it may make no parole application or remission and life seems `` effective '' . 
  except that , according to the criminal procedure code , the court of enforcement of sentences may still grant measures ( suspension , reduction of sentence , parole ) ... after thirty years of years of incarceration . 
  the penalty for a criminal terrorist is , on paper , less heavy . 
  but an amendment to the criminal bill voted on first reading by the assembly now provides the same device for the most serious terrorist crimes . 
  the text should be considered in public session in the senate as of 29 march . 
  the european convention on human rights prohibits his side all perpetuity `` without review ` or ' chance of expanding . '', 
  the united kingdom has already been convicted on this theme . 
  edit : some of the worst parts of auto translate . 
  sorry it 's still not great quality ( i 'm on my phone ) . 
  what ? 
  i express skepticism over 200 youths rioting . 
  we arrive at a place where you admit that the number was far fewer , and still you continue ? 
  you 've got an agenda here and i 've lost interest since i was proven right ( viz . 
  200 youths rioting is exaggeration ) . 
  cheerio . 
  i dunno about the us guys criticising the belgians . 
  how long have they been staring at that iphone wondering how to unlock it ? 
   either there are loads of suspects like this yes there are . 
  the number of ` suspected radicals ' is over 8000 , with serious cases between 1500 and 2000 if i remember correctly . 
  i do n't think mostefai resurfaced in france after the warnings from turkey . 
  he may have been elsewhere or in france under an assumed identity . 
  there are plenty of ways to express quantities over 10 in french without resorting to terms that customarily represent quantities under 5 . 
   i know you can `` understand '' things in such a way as to commit the nirvana fallacy , leading to a straw man fallacy , but you probably should n't . 
  very simply i gave you an approximate translation . 
  you did n't offer me an alternate translation . 
  instead you 've departed on some tangential argumentation theory , suggesting that you 're someone who spends a lot of time arguing on the internet . 
  either you 're showing off or you 're obfuscating . 
  perhaps both . 
   bourgouis elaborated elsewhere :  ...  http://newsmonkey.be/article/64926  so he 's backed off the 200 number . 
  in that case , we 're simply back to where i started . 
  `` i 'm skeptical of the 200 '' number . 
   it does n't absolve the remainder of the group and it does n't mean there was , as you initially claimed : `` a crowd gathered with a few troublemakers but most people just watching the police operation '' i stated what i saw on the video . 
  if you read the thread the context is clear . 
   i 'll take the leader of the flemish government , geert bourgeois ' word for it that something really bad happened and it was n't filmed , perhaps unwittingly , perhaps deliberately . 
  was he there ? 
   there 's smoke , there 's fire , and now we wait for video . 
  * checks watch * it 's been five days by the way . 
  you ca n't redefine `` several '' to mean `` 20 '' . 
  try again . 
   it does n't have to be all 200 throwing stuff . 
  it can be 20 doing the work with 180 doing the back-up , just like hooligans , and it would be more than bad already . 
  are you sure you 're quoting me the right part ? 
  this is the tv station saying they were n't trying to conceal anything ; they 're not supporting bourgeois 's claim of 200 youths . 
  i 'd understand this as * two hundred young people of immigrant origin grouping together to pelt our police with stones and bottles . 
  * this is in contrast to the newspaper report of `` several '' people . 
   be careful about statements you make now , make sure they comport with the article quoted before . 
  why ? 
  here 's a belgian newspaper : [ plusieurs personnes ont lanc\u00e9 des bouteilles et des pierres sur des policiers ] ( http://www.lacapitale.be/1516931/article/2016-03-18/jets-de-bouteilles-sur-les-policiers-attroupements-de-jeunes-on-craint-des-emeut ) : ** several people ** threw bottles or stones at the police . 
  it goes on to say that riots were feared on friday night , but they did n't materialise . 
  again , i 'm not saying it did n't happen . 
  i 'm just surprised there is n't more video evidence given that there is some recording of the police operation and of something being thrown , but there are very few people involved in throwing things . 
  * ] ( http://www.lacapitale.be/1516931/article/2016-03-18/jets-de-bouteilles-sur-les-policiers-attroupements-de-jeunes-on-craint-des-emeut ) : several people threw bottles or stones at the police . 
  it goes on to say that riots were feared on friday night , but they did n't materialise .
