  the ones who have been in europe since birth were educated , they were given opportunities to study or to learn skills , they were kept healthy by a national health system . 
  they were given a fucking truckload more opportunities than they 'd have had in the country of their parents ' origin . 
  but a liberal democracy is a liberal democracy and people ca n't be forced to have certain opinions or beliefs . 
  and that 's what this is about - it 's not `` assimilation '' but `` indoctrination '' , it 's about these guys believing the bullshit that isis propagates . 
  west european countries have failed to * indoctrinate * these people , and isis has succeeded . 
  just heard that he was filling in for the regular priest who was taking a holiday . 
  the main parties were either against the change ( conservatives ) or had no official position ( labour ) . 
  the proposed av system was not different enough . 
  turnout was low - most people did n't care . 
   you rather some gunman shoot up some school somewhere seriously ? 
  you 're asking if i want my kid 's school to be shot up ? 
  smh . 
  yes , i think they attacked morning prayers , so in theory he could 've been back on his parent 's sofa by noon . 
  if only the judge could have anticipated that someone might commit a terrorist act before lunch . 
   it would be peculiar if there was enough time for evidence to exist anyway . 
  yes , it 's way too early . 
  i do n't know why this comment is `` controversial '' - people are weird about downvoting . 
   mr juncker denied that he was taking a harsh stance he 's simply taking a logical stance and one that is fair to other eea/efta participants . 
   reportedly , one of the two assailants under electronic bracelet had judicially-authorized leave on mornings 8.30h-12 .30 h. 
  unbelievable . 
  yes , it 's an apocalyptic cult with strange beliefs about a final battle :  for certain true believers -- the kind who long for epic good-versus-evil battles -- visions of apocalyptic bloodbaths fulfill a deep psychological need . 
  of the islamic state supporters i met , musa cerantonio , the australian , expressed the deepest interest in the apocalypse and how the remaining days of the islamic state -- and the world -- might look . 
  parts of that prediction are original to him , and do not yet have the status of doctrine . 
  but other parts are based on mainstream sunni sources and appear all over the islamic state 's propaganda . 
  these include the belief that there will be only 12 legitimate caliphs , and baghdadi is the eighth ; that the armies of rome will mass to meet the armies of islam in northern syria ; and that islam 's final showdown with an anti-messiah will occur in jerusalem after a period of renewed islamic conquest . 
   the islamic state has attached great importance to the syrian city of dabiq , near aleppo . 
  it named its propaganda magazine after the town , and celebrated madly when ( at great cost ) it conquered dabiq 's strategically unimportant plains . 
  it is here , the prophet reportedly said , that the armies of rome will set up their camp . 
  the armies of islam will meet them , and dabiq will be rome 's waterloo or its antietam . 
  source : [ what isis really wants ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ ), 
  there are causal inter-relationships here though . 
  if i 'm pissed off with my lot in life , i may be attracted to jihad , then start watching is propaganda , then start getting desensitized to atrocities . 
  i begin hanging out with like-minded would-be jihadis , they introduce me to ketamine , i watch more is propaganda , take more drugs , watch more propaganda . 
  slowly but surely i 'll ruin my mental health with this shit . 
  maybe i started out with an anger management problem but i nurtured it until it grew into a full-on psychosis . 
  facial hair up next . 
  they 'll still have 1 to 3 meat-based workers though , demanding wages and toilet breaks . 
  it 's far from robotopia . 
  it was also supposed to happen already :  the 25,000 stores are set to be completed throughout the united states by the end of 2015 . 
  this makes me think the claim was somewhat exaggerated . 
   including pretending to be or acting like a human being hold on , you expect machines will be better than humans at * pretending to be or acting like humans * ? 
  i think by definition that wo n't be possible . 
   seems you just do n't understand the issue then . 
  i do . 
  i should clarify with respect to food : in 20 to 40 years , you can be served by robots at mcdonalds , and i fully expect you will be , but when you go out for a romantic dinner , or even a business dinner , i expect you 'll be served by a person . 
  people are social creatures and already show a preference for human contact over automated systems . 
  human service may become a luxury item , but it will persist . 
   robotics and computer intelligence will beat humans at any given task . 
  i think robotics and computer intelligence will beat humans at predictable tasks . 
  the current state of machine learning has not convinced me that `` computer ingenuity '' will be easy to master . 
  in any case , it comes down to cost and maintenance . 
  to produce and maintain a `` plumbing robot '' that can deal with every single possible job that might arise will be more expensive than to employ a human . 
  like i said earlier , robots will perform a wide range of standard plumbing jobs , but there will be human plumbers available for the unique jobs . 
  i 'm not , and unfortunately it 's nothing new to see armed guards outside synagogues and jewish schools in paris . 
   doing complex plumbing if they 're better at it then a human is . 
  the difficulty with complex plumbing is that every job can be unique and i do n't expect robots to be better at it . 
  similarly with certain types of dentistry . 
   there is no reason to think there will be exceptions . 
  i think you 're making the mistake of assuming your own current preferences are universal in a weird act of wishful thinking . 
   putting soldiers on the streets in visible positions may have helped calm public fears , quite honestly they do n't calm my fears ; they make me feel more anxious . 
  we 've had patrols outside my kids ' school since last november . 
  they 're nice people but i 'd rather not have anyone standing around a primary school with an assault rifle . 
   the robot that provides a company 's security and audits its accounts at the same time this one made me giggle . 
  caught fiddling your expense claims ? 
  securoaccountsbot will beat the shit out of you !, 
   machines are going to end up doing every job eventually . 
  machines will end up being capable of doing every job eventually ; whether or not we let them will be up to us . 
  i expect that people will decide they prefer having food and drinks served by other people , for example , so restaurants and bars will continue to employ meat-based workers . 
  probably there 'll be a mix of human and robotic staff in many enterprises , so a standard plumbing job could be performed by a robot , but a more complex one will require some human intervention . 
  hague is using this issue as a political rallying cry for the right wing , without showing much depth of understanding . 
  his `` suggestions '' are run-of-the-mill stuff that we 've seen from the tories repeatedly over the last 30 years ( enterprise zones , tax relief , etc ) . 
  i 'm waiting for a political party to adopt asimov 's three laws into their manifesto :-), 
  this seems crazy . 
  why not continue paying on previous agreements but warn recipients that nothing is certain after 24 months ? 
  get the companies and organisations that are being funded to sign a mou stating that they recognise things may change in 2019 . 
  it 's pointless to renege on funding that should be able to continue for two years - that period could be make or break for several start up companies . 
  the remindmebot says :  i will be messaging you on 2020-07-25 15:17:56 utc to remind you of this link . 
   she sounds rather fanatic , melanie phillips that is . 
  oh i know . 
  not saying it 's anything other than the most popular bet at the moment . 
   the largest proportion of a population of a european nation in france . 
  this still does n't make sense to me . 
  are you missing words in that sentence ? 
  why not simply say `` the muslim population in france is the largest such population among the european nations '' , assuming that 's what you 're trying to convey . 
  edit : lol , downvoted because i 'm asking someone to explain an incoherent sentence ? 
  a petty and somewhat ghoulish piece with little to recommend it . 
   a stratum which tellingly represents the largest portion of the population of a european nation in france what 's that supposed to mean ? 
  are you really suggesting muslims make up the largest portion of the population in france ? 
   to me it looks that triggering 1st half of 2017 is the consensus all around . 
  sky has [ opened a book ] ( https://www.skybet.com/politics/european-politics/event/19451469 ) and the first quarter of 2017 seems to be the most popular bet at the moment . 
   this was one of the lies of the remain campaign . 
  so cameron was lying when he said he 'd trigger art 50 immediately ? 
  why would he lie about that ? 
  to what benefit ? 
  [ nigel farage is in favour of triggering it now . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuccxffvgau ) is he lying to the british people ? 
  he 's not `` former '' because he failed to trigger article 50 ; he 's `` former '' because he made the dumbest political miscalculation in a generation . 
  your former pm had promised to trigger article 50 as soon as possible after a leave vote . 
   by then we will have a new position outside the eu and i can guarantee you it will be a really good position that favors the uk and embarrasses the eu . 
  just save this comment and be reminded of it in a few years time .
