where do these losers come from and why are n't their relatives and friends stopping them from going full retard ? 
  some of them get stopped , but others go deeper and deeper down the rabbit hole until they cut off their family and friends and only communicate with those who share their beliefs . 
  i watched the documentary yesterday and the thing that amazes me most about these guys is their complete and absolute nihilism . 
  they do n't value anything except their stupid death cult . 
  they should have hopes and dreams about their future lives but they 're stuck in this mental trap where they dream only about committing atrocities and dying . 
  it 's seriously fucked up . 
  if , like me , you 're having a sense of deja vu , here 's one from 9 days ago with different results : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4gbit6/japanese_stereotypes_of_european_countries_based/ and here 's an independent article about a foreign policy article about the same image : http://indy100.independent.co.uk/article/the-japanese-stereotype-map-of-europe--bjgqciprrzb, 
   both britain and japan were imperialist nations with the exception of some islands , japan was imperial for a relatively short period . 
  its imperial experience is probably closer to that of germany than that of britain . 
  try it . 
  you 'll never look back . 
  lots of asparagus at the market in france . 
  also artichokes and cucumbers . 
  asparagus : saute lightly in olive oil and garlic . 
  do n't overcook or it will become too soft - you want to keep a little crispness in the bite . 
  artichokes : steam ( or microwave in a small amount of water ) . 
  eat the hearts chopped up with pasta in a tomato sauce . 
  eat the leaves with some sort of dipping sauce , either tomato or sour cream . 
  cucumber : a salad with tomatoes and feta normally . 
  this is a good illustration of why it 's preferable to catch these guys alive . 
  abrini must have given up the names of these supporters in england during interrogation . 
  edit : mistake in title : they were in court in london , but they 're from birmingham . 
  i 'm guessing that you do n't have very strict enforcement of planning laws for residential property ? 
   the beggars in front of the supermarket started at 7 am and left around 8 pm . 
  that 's 11 hours , every day 13 hours , unless they take a 2-hour lunch break ? 
  i 'm going to need a buddy movie style cop comedy starring roberto begnini , jackie chan , and of course the eternal city . 
  somebody get on this stat . 
  brave guy . 
  fascinating piece . 
  if that 's what you think is happening , you should get in on the leave action . 
  decent payout to be had . 
  no , they reflect people 's expectations of something occurring . 
  if odds are lengthening for event a , more people are betting against event a happening . 
  betting markets are n't infallible , but they 're often more reliable than opinion polls . 
  interesting . 
  i 've been watching ladbrokes and their odds on leave have gone from 35 % 18 days ago , to 33 % 8 days ago , to 31 % ( well , 30.7 % ) today . 
  i do n't know where you live , but in france the prime minister has been pretty open about islam in society . 
  it has n't hurt his popularity as far as i can see . 
  two couples with five children between them , aged six or under . 
  i wonder what happens to their unfortunate kids . 
  taken into care by the italian authorities ? 
  really ? 
  i think a 5 % increase is a remarkably modest increase in the wake of multiple very high profile acts of terrorism committed in the name of islam . 
  i take this survey as evidence of impressive sangfroid among the french population . 
  in spite of last year 's attacks , the number of people who think islam poses a threat to national identity has only moved 5 % since 2010 . 
   but people still can not talk openly about this issue for fear is being called racists . 
  is n't that exactly the opposite of what the article is about ? 
  the poll asked people how they feel about islam , and they responded . 
  yet you 're saying people ca n't talk about how they feel about islam ? 
  yeah sorry man but my muslim overlords have forbidden me to discuss eurabia on the internet . 
  we 're so oppressed by the evil caliphate . 
   i didnt delete anything . 
   frankly you 're acting out like a child  edit : oh the eurabia comment  not sure if i deleted that but it is gone when i log out . 
  rightyo . 
  i 'm the one who is acting like a child . 
  sorry mate , you 've lost my attention . 
  either you 're a liar . 
  or you just ca n't internet . 
  which is it ? 
  by the way , as soon as you use a shortcut term like ` eurabia ' , i know that you 're an idiot . 
  you said ` never ' , i gave an example that i remember . 
  go fix history to comply with your batshit narrative . 
  of course the moderate left has repeatedly purged the extreme left . 
  do you know nothing ? 
  lol at the guy who deletes his own comments . 
  grow a pair dude . 
  x-post to / r/dataisugly perhaps ? 
  i would n't put too much faith in anything these guys say . 
  they 're mental cases as far as i 'm concerned . 
   her friend mr wilders nobody in france cares much about wilders , so his stance on israel is irrelevant . 
  everyone knows le pen p\u00e8re , so his anti-semitism is very relevant . 
   the left never purged its radicals . 
  read about the expulsion of labour 's `` militant tendency '' in the 1980s . 
  and a happy [ bealtaine ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/beltane ) to you . 
   no matter how much they deny it , the party is rotten . 
  i agree . 
  but the high profile individual associated with fn who is most likely to remind us of its anti-semitic past is jmlp . 
  they can expel him and disown him , but in the public perception he will always be a major part of the fn . 
  he 's a loose cannon , unlike the carefully selected , media-genic ( if vacuous ) younger generation . 
  her biggest problem is her dad , who ca n't be trusted to stay `` on message '' concerning jews . 
  if she was serious about moving her party away from its anti-semitic roots , she would do a full rebranding : new name , full rearticulation of policies , full renewal of membership . 
  but she has n't done this because she wants to keep the old guard on board ( that 's where a lot if the funding is ) while broadening her church to include other groups . 
  this leads one to conclude that she can not be trusted . 
  these are guys who will riot whenever possible , trying to recreate 1968 . 
   do you think the eu gives you a better quality of life ? 
  eu ( and eec ) social legislation has been largely a force for good in my opinion . 
  we may forget some of the changes that have been brought about by membership , but they 're socially very significant . 
   should eu citizens be able to settle in other eu countries if they do n't have a job or enough money to live on ? 
  if someone has a realistic chance of getting a job , they should be facilitated in applying for it . 
  i do n't think it 's ever been possible for someone to set up residence in another country without any means of self-support . 
  that 's shitty . 
  i love the basque flag . 
   you need to define your values in order to defend them . 
  secularism is very high on my list of values . 
  freedom of thought is also very high . 
  both of these are opposed to the line that iben thranholm pushes . 
   people need values , family values , to fight extreme islam ... if we have only democracy , we will loose in order to fight an ideology , we all must subscribe to another ideology ? 
  this is getting exciting . 
  i 'd prefer if britain stayed , but i also enjoy disruption and chaos so it would be cool if the vote is for ` exit ' . 
  i 'm reminded of the [ two dublin lads ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/keith-byrne-stowaway-who-made-headlines-now-back-in-north-dublin-1.639860 ) who made it from ireland to new york back in the 1980s .
