  what an amazing place !, 
   why did n't it just go up after the great famine was done ? 
  there was a major societal shift away from subdividing farm holdings toward a consolidation into larger holdings . 
  prior to the 1850s , multiple children could inherit a small plot of land ( it 's possible to feed a family on a small area if you plant potatoes and get two harvests a year , which is possible in ireland due to mild climate and latitude ) . 
  after the famine , a single child would inherit and the others were expected to leave - emigrating , marrying elswhere , moving to the city , joining the clergy . 
   was this catholic vs protestant stat true back then ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
   women who married in england in the 1860s bore an average of more than six children [ source ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3865739/ ), 
   you seriously need to re-access your priorities . 
  yes fellow human !, 
  beginning sequence to re-access priorities module . 
  / r/totallynotrobots, 
  celtic archipelago, 
  fair enough . 
  in that case i should probably point out that your mother was a hamster and your father smelled of elderberries . 
  okay so what you 're seeing is high incidence or a greater propensity . 
  when you used the term pattern i thought you had something more elaborate in mind . 
  in which case what the fuck do you think you 're adding to the discussion ? 
  if they 've explained it adequately , per you , there 's no need for you to weigh in unless you 're just here for the ad hominems ? 
  yeah that 's helpful . 
  if it 's so clear then show me the pattern . 
  do n't just claim i 've some deficiency . 
  never heard of it but i looked it up and it sounds like it 's worth checking out . 
  groupthink :-), 
   we only spent 700 $ for both trips per person , but whatever . 
  family of four , plus accommodation . 
  [ everybody knows that the dice are loaded ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lin-a2ltelg ), 
   perpetrators are now more often than not of a similar background do you mean specifically iraqis or just a muslim or a refugee background ? 
  i 've unfortunately read about several of these incidents over the past few years in various countries in europe - including the whole selfie photos/filming - but i had n't noticed a specific pattern . 
  edit : the fuck with the downvotes ? 
  i 'm trying to discuss this ffs . 
  raises the question : has fillon been a stalking horse for jupp\u00e9 all along ? 
  i guess not , given the selection method , but it would be a political masterstroke if someone had planned this . 
  orban has had a short train line built beside his home town . 
  it 's a vanity project , completely useless except as a tourism curiosity , but it gives orban the chance to play train engineer a couple of times a year . 
  edit : who 's downvoting this ? 
  here 's the story : http://cosmopublic.eu/report/pm-orb-n-s-useless-train-line-hungarian-conspiracy-theories-and-budapest-gay-pride/  hungarian prime minister viktor orb\u00e1n ( fidesz party ) invested over 2 million euros of eu funding for connecting the two villages alcs\u00fatdoboz and felcs\u00fat , where he grew up , with a vintage train line . 
  the development of felcs\u00fat is a pet project of orb\u00e1n . 
  during his tenure as pm , several building projects were initiated in the village . 
  now , the pm is facing heavy accusations . 
  his government maintained that 2,500 to 7,500 people would use the train line daily but only 30 passengers have been using it in the first month of operation . 
  the european union funded 80 per cent of the project and is going to investigate after benedek j\u00e1vor , member of the hungarian opposition party dialogue for hungary ( pm ) , has reported the case to the anti-corruption division of the eu . 
  what 's the pattern ? 
  the us travel press has been reporting [ a decline in interest ] ( http://www.frommers.com/tips/miscellaneous/the-travel-press-is-reporting-the-trump-slump-a-devastating-drop-in-tourism-to-the-united-states ) in the us as a destination . 
  certainly the seemingly erratic implementation of visa requirements is not reassuring when thinking about spending several thousand euro on a trip to the us . 
  in fairness it 's more than autocorrect that makes that sentence incoherent . 
  that 's handy for the national sports teams : no need to sing and no chance of being criticised for not singing . 
   the ulster really want northern ireland to remain desperate that 's desperate man , desperate . 
  -- winston churchill , whose father did much to ensure the seriousness of that quarrel : `` i decided some time ago that if the g.o.m. 
  * went for home rule , the orange card would be the one to play . 
  please god it may turn out the ace of trumps and not the two . '', 
  * grand old man , a reference to gladstone, 
  great summary , thanks !, 
  that could be enough to ruin the business at this time of year . 
  oh it looks better most of the time . 
  google got there on a grey day but montpellier has something like 220 days of sun per year . 
  great photo and taken at a perfect time !, 
  are you standing on this [ raised terrace ] ( https://www.google.fr/maps/@43.6076034,3.8962828,3a,75y,11.62h,75.76t/data=!3m11!1e1!3m9!1s-wzaoiu8xc0q%2fwlxj7yblvwi%2faaaaaaaavoc%2fu19_gwlklhmtp9rjmn2d31htgfeuts4iaclib!2e4!3e11!6s%2f%2flh3.googleusercontent.com%2f-wzaoiu8xc0q%2fwlxj7yblvwi%2faaaaaaaavoc%2fu19_gwlklhmtp9rjmn2d31htgfeuts4iaclib%2fw203-h100-k-no-pi-0-ya1.315977-ro-0-fo100%2f!7i7776!8i3888!9m2!1b1!2i46 ) ? 
  this decade represents an amazing turnaround for the tories . 
  from being obliged to go into coalition in 2010 , to being a shoo-in majority government in 2020 unless they make a complete pig 's ear of brexit . 
  and even if they do fuck up brexit , it probably wo n't be very obvious by 2020 . 
  many external factors have helped - lib dem collapse after coalition , labour collapse in scotland , labour continued problems under corbyn - but the tories look like they 'll have the upper hand for a long time to come . 
   i would be delighted if more of the state secondary education sector in the uk aspired to this . 
  i do hope you 're encouraging your political contacts in the conservative party to increase funding for state secondary schools ? 
   i repeat that it is always a shame when bright people are not challenged in their education . 
  i find it a shame that less bright people with wealthy parents gain an advantage over their brighter peers , based not on their achievements but on the achievements or financial resources of their predecessors . 
  i consider that inconsistent with the principles of a meritocratic society , do you ? 
   the best way , in my view , to maintain meritocracy is through rigorous and academic education . 
  that 's equally accessible to all members of society based upon ability rather than parental resources ? 
   but i think that education in much of the uk is improving in recent years . 
  your universities are certainly becoming more expensive ... 
   i read what you first wrote wrongly . 
  and what i second wrote as well . 
  i was quite clear about wealth inequality . 
   i assumed that both you and the labour party would be more interested in income inequality . 
  i am more interested in wealth inequality because this is the more worrying trend . 
  it 's also an issue that politicians have been reluctant to address for generations . 
  i think the labour party should look at it , because the tories certainly wo n't . 
  i 'm a strong believer in meritocracy , and wealth inequality combined with other barriers to social mobility spell disaster for meritocratic systems . 
   i do n't think 40 and 50 year olds in the uk do face particular job insecurity . 
  we will see . 
  [ thanks !, 
   two automated terminals at the maasvlakte 2 harbor complex in rotterdam began operation in 2015 , with ships being unloaded remotely from control rooms and containers moving around the port on driverless trucks . 
  steady income , decent standard of living , peaceful life -  generally vote for establishment parties . 
  unemployed or fear unemployment , standard of living dropping , worried about rising crime ( whether real or media reported ) -  vote for radical parties . 
    you confuse `` income '' with `` wealth '' , which is what we were discussing . 
   i think in terms of the labour party 's message , it is hard for them to argue about inequality when income inequality is falling . 
  woah there . 
  i said `` wealth disparity is increasing '' . 
  you said `` no wealth disparity is decreasing '' . 
  i said `` yes it is , here 's evidence . '', 
  you said `` i have evidence that something else is decreasing . '', 
  i said `` that 's not the same thing . 
  we were discussing wealth '' . 
  now you say `` aha !, 
  but we should have been discussing this other thing ! '', 
  seriously ? 
  just admit you were wrong . 
   for most people precariousness is not a concern for people at a certain stage of their life , precariousness is not a major concern . 
  we see this in the [ age profile of the immigrants we 're discussing ] ( http://bruegel.org/2016/06/what-is-the-age-profile-of-uk-immigrants/ ) .
