   i would actually argue some of the employment rights from the eu actually undermine human rights ( as defined by me ) . 
  well if you 're going to use your own definition of human rights , you can argue anything you please . 
  you do realise the echr is n't an eu institution ? 
  look at the history of employment rights and you 'll find the positive impact of the ec/eu . 
   voters loved voting for thatcher . 
  almost 44 % of voters . 
  benevolence - easy enough to look it up so i wo n't give you a definition . 
  it 's interesting that you think i 'm saying that the uk is incapable of self-governance , when in fact i 'm referring to a period of time when specific groups felt completely abandoned by the government , to the extent that they held parties when the pm of the time died . 
  maybe you 're right . 
  maybe this is a clear sign that the uk needs more regional devolution to avoid a repeat of such societal rupture . 
   this argument i find a poor one . 
  fair enough , but you do profess a lot of faith in the willingness and ability of the uk government to act in the best interest of all of the people and not just those areas they rely on for votes . 
  other people , perhaps from scotland or other parts of the uk , do n't share your faith and optimism . 
  as such , it has been useful for the uk to be party to a larger entity that concerns itself with social issues . 
  you may genuinely believe in the benevolence of a tory government , but not all your compatriots share that view . 
  the progressiveness of certain european legislation was important for the uk historically , and continued membership provided a bulwark against the possible stripping away of rights at the expense of the poorer members of society and to the benefit of the wealthier members of society . 
  thus , turkey 's membership of the eu is both desirable and undesirable - a schr\u00f6dingeresque membership status - with the determinant being whether the uk is also a member . 
  reminds me of groucho marx saying he would n't want to join any club that would have him as a member . 
  are you saying that you do n't admire his hypocrisy per se , but rather the panache with which he delivers his hypocrisy ? 
  there 's a good summary here : http://researchbriefings.files.parliament.uk/documents/cbp-7213/cbp-7213.pdf i think what directly affects most people is employment law , but there 's also been an impact on environmental , human rights , consumer , justice , and energy policies . 
  really ? 
  i see a huge impact . 
  johnson used turkey 's accession as a threat to promote brexit . 
  it 's a bit like having one 's cake and eating it i suppose . 
  he made an excellent tv ad promoting turkey 's bid to join the eu . 
  spoke really well , waxed lyrical about the ancient ties between turkey and europe . 
  then when he campaigned for brexit he warned of the millions of turks queueing up to enter britain if turkey joined . 
  now recently as foreign secretary he 's said that the uk supports turkey 's bid to join the eu . 
  aye , he 's a wonderful speaker . 
  and if you do n't like the opinions he expresses this week , do n't worry !, 
  just wait a few weeks and he 's sure to have another set of opinions !, 
  one of the tragedies of the brexit referendum , imo , is that there was so little emphasis on the wonderful social legislation that ec/eu membership brought to the uk . 
  i 've no idea as to the extent of inter-ethnic weddings . 
  tribalat 's original article is here : http://www.commentaire.fr/pdf/tempo/126%20pdf/18-tribalat_art126.pdf ( 2005 version ) the definition used is roughly the same as yours ( `` foreign origin '' if one parent was an immigrant ) . 
  immigrant = / = refugee . 
  no it 's not . 
  if by european ` origin ' we mean ` ancestry ' , some of the 60 % are of partially european ancestry . 
  if by ` origin ' we mean ` place they come from ' , the young people concerned were probably mostly born in france . 
  look for a fight most likely . 
  agreed , but there are pubs in antrim and tyrone that i would n't go into ( southern irish accent ) , and my nordie friends have warned me to avoid . 
  this is still the case 18 years after the gfa . 
   that means that according to the demographer mich\u00e8le tribalat , more than 60 % of the young inhabitants of sevran are no european origin . 
  no , it means that 60 % of young people have at least one parent who is of non-european origin . 
   do n't attribute to me your ideas of what an islamophobe ... what ? 
  i was questioning your impression of sectarianism in ni , not your islamophobia/philia . 
   i made the opposite claim , that there is a divide . 
  fair enough . 
  this part confused me :  it 's the best it 's ever really been at situation-wise ,, 
  i welcome your link to another source of information . 
  it 's an area with high unemployment , high poverty rate , not much job generating economic activity . 
  often post industrial areas where there were jobs but they dried up . 
  you do n't think there are bars in ireland where you 'll be advised to leave if you speak with a southern accent ? 
  30 % in 2012 : https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sevran, 
   unfortunately the latter can never be discussed in today 's pc world , that 's balls . 
  i see people spouting this stuff all the time . 
  i 'd even discuss it with you . 
  here 's my first question : how does one design an objective , culturally unbiased test of intelligence ? 
  second question : what do iq tests measure , at the most basic level ? 
  no , she 's vaingloriously seeking to protect the interest of brits abroad . 
  from her point of view , these are expats ( or emigrants ) . 
  you might consider them immigrants , but her performance is as a * defender of expats * . 
  sorry but i ca n't make sense of your vignette . 
  may has been told repeatedly and as nauseam that negotiations start after article 50 has been triggered . 
  it 's completely disingenuous of her to try to raise this issue and she knows that it wo n't be discussed . 
  it 's posturing , plain and simple . 
  finally some decent analysis !, 
   this is basically the definition of selection bias no , that would depend on the circumstances in which the classes are offered . 
  if the classes are difficult to attend , there 'll be significant selection bias ; if they 're easy , it will be less . 
  if the classes are obligatory for refugees , there should n't be any bias . 
   the hot topic is whether the recent influx of refugees are able to integrate . 
  how long do you think integration takes ? 
  this can only be posturing by may . 
  the eu line has been clear all along about no negotiation until art 50 is triggered . 
  she 's doing this to portray herself as the champion of expats who is at the mercy of the other leaders . 
  it 's just for appearance 's sake ; she knew the outcome before she raised the issue . 
  it 's the artist 's claim that the irish people are restraining the ipp out of ` loyalty ' to john bull . 
  this may be referring to the ipp 's reduced number of seats in the previous general election ( down 7 i think , to 70-odd from 80-odd ) . 
  the ipp 's reduced numbers was more to do with personality issues than a waning in support for home rule , but the artist wants to suggest that the ipp is out of touch . 
  not french but i live here . 
  no , it does n't affect my everyday life . 
  i see armed soldiers patrolling around my kids ' school and elsewhere , and sometimes i have to open my bag going into a building . 
  that 's it basically . 
  in terms of general civil liberties , it 's more difficult for citizens to assemble , for example to protest government policy . 
  it 's most likely to affect someone whom the police suspect of criminal or terrorist activity . 
  it 's much easier for the security services to put individuals under surveillance and to invade their privacy or raid their premises . 
  everything is temporary . 
  the borders can be closed and people asked to stay indoors ( like in the aftermath of the november 2015 attacks ) . 
  i 'm not sure there 's a specific other `` state '' , just extra measures on top of the state of emergency . 
  oh i agree that the artist is simply using the shape of the island . 
  the point is that ulster is indiscernible from the rest of the country . 
  this predates the mass organising of unionists by about 12 years . 
  ulster is somewhat distinct at this point but ipp candidates are winning in armagh and tyrone while unionist candidates are elected in other parts of the country . 
  no , that 's not it . 
  the text reads `` the nationalist section in ireland takes this opportunity to vent her abuse upon him ( john bull ) , but is restrained by the loyalty of the people . '', 
  the depiction suggests it 's galway and clare that are restraining the rest of the country ; we do n't see any separate representation of ulster . 
  in fact , the reference is probably to the irish parliamentary party both condemning the second boer war and deliberately obstructing the business of parliament . 
  there 's a much more legible version at the library of congress [ here ] ( https://www.loc.gov/resource/g5701s.ct002860/ ), 
  good stuff . 
  the more of these fuckers that can be caught the better . 
  yes but also for young people .
