  the anarchists are n't proposing any better option that 's within their capacity to grant . 
  the last time i heard about them they were storming a ferry , now they 're disrupting an operation that will see the residents of the jungle housed in the run up to winter . 
  what is being proposed by the french govt very simply is an inherently superior option . 
    there 's a set of abilities in the human brain that ca n't be reproduced by ai  are you sure about that ? 
   that sounds like wishful thinking to me . 
  i does sound somewhat wishful i agree , but i 'm not saying `` never '' , just not yet . 
  some of my colleagues work in these areas so i 'm somewhat aware of current progress and the remaining limitations . 
  at a very basic level , we are unable to strictly define intelligence in humans , so it 's difficult to teach it to machines . 
  we are limited on the conceptual side by our lack of understanding of the human brain . 
  the `` leaps '' we require are not just technological , but biochemical and even philosophical . 
  on the technical side we are still limited but less likely to be in the future ( quantum computers will help enormously ) . 
   before they 're allowed to have political opinions ? 
  these are n't just opinions but to answer your question , most historical notions of citizenship in a democracy depend on having skin in the game . 
  what these people propose to do is to disrupt an operation that 's designed to regularise the situation of the people in the camp . 
  here 's what sucks : calais is a clusterfuck for everyone - refugees , locals , police , politicians . 
  now we 're finally at a stage when the govt takes decisive action and these anarchists want to block it ? 
  they want to prolong the misery of everyone - refugees included - in calais ? 
  fuck that shit . 
   oh look , they want others to move in it 's more than that though . 
  they want to interfere with a standard procedure for asylum application . 
  they 're setting themselves up as the arbiters of immigration to the uk . 
  what gives them the right to overrule the policy decisions of the uk and french governments plus the eu ? 
   you 're just attempting to set up some incredibly cheap and dumb `` gotcha '' no , my point is that in order for them to be in a position to decide who gets to live where , they should have some skin in the game . 
  otherwise they 're just thugs . 
   a human brain will be available for $ 1000 in computing performance ...  we 're talking about reasoning/logic . 
  yes , but nevertheless limited to what we can instruct the machine to learn . 
  there 's a set of abilities in the human brain that ca n't be reproduced by ai and there 's a leap of some kind that needs to happen before it can be . 
  we might choose not to make this leap , as it will call into question our role as essentially inferior entities . 
  [ french military or customs officials ] ( http://www.maltatoday.com.mt/news/national/70876/aviation_incident_malta_airport#.wa37g3pi890 ) on an anti-human-trafficking operation . 
  they 're planning to disrupt the dismantling of the camp because they do n't think the migrants/asylum seekers should follow normal procedures . 
  presumably their view is that the migrants/asylum seekers should be allowed into the uk . 
  so why not give up their place for them ? 
   let him receive medical care in one of the european hospitals medical care is always a great way to expose hypocrisy . 
  not just that . 
  russia appears to have electricity too !, 
  they 're taking a more comprehensive approach than previously . 
  there 's an overview here : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/creditcom/how-do-credit-scores-work_b_1723362.html  for example , `` france , portugal , spain and the nordic countries have historically only reported negative information , '' says lythgoe . 
  though he does note , `` it 's changing slowly . '' my understanding is that there 's a database of bad debtor individuals that 's shared within europe . 
  there 's also some collaboration between the rating agencies that exist . 
   why has n't the eu made any steps into creating a unified creating rating system ? 
  because credit scoring exists in very few countries in the eu . 
  more generally , there 's a binary view of customers - good risk/bad risk - and there 's some data on bad debtors that 's shared within europe . 
  i am pleased for the residents of calais who have had to put up with this for too long . 
  may they rest in peace . 
  by the way , the article clearly says `` no european official on board '' . 
  shit 's getting serious now . 
  it 's all fun and games until some monarch loses a cool million . 
  [ yola language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forth_and_bargy_dialect ), 
  yes pretty sure it 's a john deere . 
  poster is concerned about self-determination when it suits his/her purposes . 
  there 's p\u00e8re fouettard in france , literally the ` father whipper ' . 
  i would guess that piet used to hit kids but recently he is depicted as a more friendly character . 
  thank goodness they 're going to put so much more money into the nhs !, 
  krampus sounds a little similar to zwarte piet in the netherlands ? 
  he puts naughty children in a sack i think . 
  edit : there 's a wikipedia page dedicated to st nicholas 's companions : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/companions_of_saint_nicholas, 
  it 's like a dirty sanchez but with cups of tea . 
  yes , just like the self determination of the 95 % of gibraltar residents who voted to remain in the eu . 
  the headline made me wonder if `` brexit '' might enter common parlance as an unpleasant punishment . 
  * if i ever find the fucker who crashed into my car , i 'll brexit him so hard he 'll be eating his dinner through a straw !, 
  * * a fight broke out in the bar and one guy was completely brexited . 
  loss of passporting rights could be more expensive than any tariffs though . 
  uk will have to apply to join wto i think ? 
  edit : no , uk is a member already in its own right , as well as being included in eu . 
  thanks . 
  on phone so i did n't look it up . 
  lol . 
  i take no pleasure in the uk suffering , but if some companies relocate to paris my employer will benefit and so will i. i feel sorry for the uk ; i 'm somewhat incredulous about the vote . 
  but i have no wish to see the uk economy deteriorate because i have family and many friends in britain . 
   down 27 % from q2 wow . 
  that 's impressive . 
  this will be an interesting few years . 
  so the japanese carmakers can build cars in britain and then ship them half the way around the world for sale in north america or the antipodes ? 
  yeah i 'm not gon na hold my breath for that one . 
  the behemoth of the uk electorate has already outmanoeuvred the city of london corp. 
  bonus caps are eu-wide , not france specific . 
  stat safe londoners !, 
  the uk will halve its tax take on a gamble that companies will relocate there in order to benefit from lower corp tax while losing free access to the eu ? 
  this does n't make much sense to be honest . 
   yeah man , brussels will force it by using their magical brussels-powers . 
  brussels muscles !, 
  yeah . 
  i am thinking about building a small place for my kids in the back garden ( it 's a large area ) but i guess i should plan on laundry facilities . 
  is n't bojo fluent ? 
  he can take the lead . 
   economists cook it up by mixing all kinds of stuff . 
  this is correct . 
  the `` global innovation index '' is not where one should look for rankings of innovation in technology or manufacturing . 
  it looks at a huge range of other factors . 
  edit : i see someone has downvoted without bothering to explain why . 
  here 's [ the detail ] ( http://www.wipo.int/edocs/pubdocs/en/wipo_pub_gii_2014-annex1.pdf ) :  innovation could be and is more general and horizontal in nature , and includes social innovations and business model innovations as well as technical ones . 
  and here 's the definition the gii uses :  an innovation is the implementation of a new or significantly improved product ( good or service ) , a new process , a new marketing method , or a new organizational method in business practices , workplace organization , or external relations . 
  edit 2 : lol . 
  bunch of tools down voting . 
  * whose * is a possessive . 
  * who 's * is the contraction for * who is * . 
   many of those in charge of france do n't believe in order and lawfulness , they view france and its society as inherently oppressive what ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  those * in charge of france * are the people who decide how oppressive or non-oppressive the regime is . 
  here 's the key line to explain why may said that :  in a brief speech at the end of an eu dinner in brussels , the prime minister said may knows that she 's being sidelined .
