  they 're used by boring people as an excuse to avoid critical thinking . 
   local bodega ( deli for you non new-yorkers ) i always thought ` bodega ' was a corner store , like a grocery store or mini mart . 
   he is the one linking divisive statements to the press but that was just brussels ' gossip last weekend !, 
  i heard theresa may say so in an interview . 
  somehow it transformed itself from ` gossip ' to a deliberate attack on the tory government , just in time to launch the ge campaign . 
  you 're being played . 
  may has to turn the eu into the bad guy in order to shore up support . 
  plus nobody will have the nerve to shoot the lion because [ cecil . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/killing_of_cecil_the_lion ), 
   so basically the author of this text is n't aware of the upcoming elections or has absolutely no clue about politics ? 
  looks like he 's been working in britain for 6 years - he 's done a lot of stuff on bankers in london . 
  i think he 's overstating the case here - theresa may has a public that 's still split about 46/43 for/against brexit , so she has to create a common enemy in europe . 
  the eu politicians understand this too . 
  ukip 's problem has long been that they are rank amateurs . 
   the more than monthly islamic terror attacks ... oh wait , that 's france  get a grip on your shit sense of humour , you ghoul . 
  if nothing else , it will be interesting to see how the next tory government deals with the uk farming lobby . 
  i 'm not sure the free trade advocates are as dominant as you perceive them to be . 
  [ danish butter cookies !!!!!, 
  ] ( https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/91y5ofmfesl._ac_ul320_sr316,320_.jpg ) ( i 've no idea whether danes actually eat these , but they were a staple of my christmases growing up . ), 
  panda diplomacy is a nuanced topic ... we ca n't just see it in black and white . 
   when new zealand removed its subsidies overnight , their farming sector did not collapse , but became more efficient . 
  there 's a bit more to the story than that . 
  the sector has consolidated massively since the 1980s , with perhaps one quarter as many farms in operation now versus ' 84 . 
  the farming sector has also diversified significantly : the number of sheep is down by over 50 % , the number of vineyards has increased sixfold . 
  the dairy industry has been having a very tough time the last few years , with competition from china making it difficult for nz dairy farmers to break even . 
  the nz government did help farmers to either quit the industry or redesign their business plans - it was n't just a removal of subsidies and ` sink or swim ' . 
  my question was whether you consider hormone usage in beef production an acceptable risk , but never mind . 
   as a tax-payer i am against subsidising inefficient economic sectors . 
  yeah , but farmers vote and big cattle farmers tend to support your party , so your opposition might not carry the day . 
  there 'll have to be something to replace the farm payments from brussels , at least in the short term , otherwise the uk farming sector will likely collapse . 
   see you in 20 years when france will be even more fucked up than it already is nah do n't bother coming back . 
  it 's fine really . 
  off you go . 
  you still have n't answer my question . 
  the tariff on beef is about 12 % iirc , but your domestic producers wo n't want it done away with completely , so i 'd expect it to settle around 8 % unless the uk devises some subsidy mechanism for cattle farmers . 
   we will be able to get cheaper brazilian beef how much cheaper do you expect it will be ? 
  do you think the use of growth hormones in beef production is an acceptable risk ? 
   if you think it is a risk , please show me the evidence . 
  https://ec.europa.eu/food/safety/chemical_safety/meat_hormones_en  the former scientific committee on veterinary measures relating to public health ( scvph ) thoroughly re-evaluated the risks to human health from hormone residues in bovine meat and meat products treated with six hormones for growth promotion . 
  in 1999 this independent scientific advisory body concluded that no acceptable daily intake ( adi ) could be established for any of these hormones . 
  for oestradiol 17\u00df it concluded that there is a substantial body of evidence suggesting that oestradiol 17\u00df has to be considered as a complete carcinogen ( exerts both tumour initiating and tumour promoting effects ) and that the data available would not allow a quantitative estimate of the risk . 
  having examined additional scientific data the scvph confirmed its opinion in 2000 and 2002 . 
   based on this scientific opinion , the commission proposed to the european parliament and to the council to amend directive 96/22/ec concerning the prohibition of the use in stockfarming of certain substances having a hormonal or thyrostatic action and of beta-agonists in may 2000 . 
  i think certified hormone-free brazilian beef is fine . 
  that 's what you 'll find currently on the shelves in many eu countries . 
  brazil is already a major exporter to the eu . 
  do you think the use of growth hormones in beef production is an acceptable risk ? 
  more brazilian beef implies greater consumption of growth hormones . 
  you may consider that the use of growth hormones in beef production is an acceptable risk . 
  in this case you should state that instead of going on a tangent about what you think i believe . 
  this consistent 50/50 division is why theresa may has circled the wagons against the eu . 
  it 's far easier to unite the people against a common enemy than to find cause for agreement among themselves . 
   i think this is entirely irrelevant to the discussion sure it is , but i felt the need to make a suggestion about what you think based upon sweet fuck all . 
  did that ever happen to you ? 
  once i get the pension card i can say any outlandish shite i want ? 
  roll on 2050 or whatever it 'll be by then . 
  maybe because she 's not very good ? 
  in 1981 he was 60 - no spring chicken but not pension age . 
   for a drone you would need it , but not for the robots ( lawn mowing and vacuuming ) we were talking about . 
  okay , let 's back up a little . 
  i gave these simply as examples of jobs ( gardening and cleaning ) where automation is making inroads . 
  i did n't say they can replace humans , by the way . 
  you responded with `` they view the world as 2d '' . 
  i agree that they operate on a 2d plane , but i do n't see why this should continue . 
  drones have become ubiquitous and cheap in a very short period of time . 
  they can handle a 3d world , why should n't my robo-vacuum ? 
   only code as complex as needed . 
  i 'd be surprised if anyone is writing original code for these robots , or even for drones at this stage . 
  this sort of stuff should be componentized and licensed by a few different vendors . 
   / r/europe sure is going strong with the anti le pen agenda do you think it 's a conspiracy ? 
    was n't that the tone you were going for when you wrote :  sorry you do n't have clue . 
  yes , but it began with your `` thanks for backing me up '' quoting a very selective part of my statement and without any elaboration . 
   so going from a 2d coding to 3d coding is not more difficult ? 
  no , i 'm saying that sometimes complexity is both necessary and welcome , and we have progressed beyond instructing a turtle to move around a screen . 
  would you program a drone in 2d ? 
   then why bother even stating as much ? 
  because your initial rant was so all over the place and over the top that i felt it necessary to clarify . 
  i made a throwaway observation on your suggestion to feed pigs haggis and fry-ups . 
  you decided to engage with it like i 'd insulted your friends and family . 
  in so doing , you said my statement was both ridiculous and perhaps correct . 
   good luck selling that idea to your boss , by the way . 
  yeah , thanks for the condescension . 
  you have a nice day too . 
   for what advantage ? 
  i see none . 
  step-climbing vacuum cleaners . 
  distinguishing forms of obstacles . 
  lawn mowers that are sensitive/predictive of inclines . 
   it would make the code more difficult by an order of magnitude . 
  [ really ? 
  is it so computationally difficult to begin with ? 
  ] ( https://turtleacademy.com/lessons/en ), 
   that is massively simplistic . 
  er yeah , and it was expressed as a rule of thumb . 
  i was n't trying to get the fucking thing codified . 
   uninfected meat ? 
  no , infected meat of course . 
  nobody ignored the problem . 
  it was discussed during the debate last night . 
    they can avoid obstacles , for example .
