  but , if people refuse to deal with the authorities , what do you do ? 
  i 'm interested in how people think this can be dealt with . 
  ah okay , thanks . 
  so if you report tax-evading eu billionaires to us , we 'll overlook limitations on free movement . 
  i wonder what the uk could offer ... 
   could someone explain to me why there can be no compromise on freedom of movement ? 
  it 's been in there since the treaty of paris ( 1951 ) that set up the european coal and steel community . 
  there have been compromises regarding accession states , but these have been of limited duration . 
  interesting . 
  why does the commission 's timetable decide swiss government 's actions ? 
   this is a meaningless threat but it 's not really a threat ; it 's simply the logical outcome of a leave vote . 
  if you guys do n't want freedom of movement , you ca n't be in the single market and there 'll need to be some other arrangement . 
  there 's a good reason why the swiss govt has n't acted on the referendum yet . 
  and these fuckers get to host the world cup why exactly ? 
  it was truly amazing . 
  i think uefa should have a `` 10 best defensive moves '' as well as a `` 10 best goals '' in order to encourage more kids to think about playing as defenders . 
  that 's funny - on have i got news for you about 10 days ago they mentioned a newspaper had done a piece on `` how fictional characters would vote on leave question '' , and they had basil fawlty down as a definite leave . 
  was n't the rfs already warned or given a preliminary banning from these finals and had to appeal ? 
  i 've no love for the english hooligans but the russians are several levels of fuckhead worse . 
  love it . 
  like i said man , you 're the `` expert '' . 
  of course there are aspects of the organisation that could improved - there should have been greater separation in the stadium last night and more stewards present . 
  but the bottom line is that thugs will be thugs . 
  you can ban bottles in the city centre , and they 'll throw cans at the police instead ( as on thursday night ) or they 'll buy their bottles 10 kilometres away . 
  you can frisk people at the gates , but a smoke bomb in someone 's underwear is unlikely to be detected . 
  the simple fact is that you ca n't organise large events without some exposure to risk . 
  there 's a balance to find between effective policing and making the event less pleasant for the 99 % of fans who are there to watch sport and enjoy themselves . 
  lol . 
  you 're full of shit mate and you 're the one who 's playing a `` security expert '' . 
  i 'm not even french , i just live here . 
  the years i noted are the years when france hosted the tournaments you mentioned . 
  nothing to do with winning , just experience in hosting . 
   did you notice previous euros and world cups ? 
  only 1960 and 1984 for euros . 
  and 1938 and 1998 for world cup . 
  the behavior of certain fans is france 's fault ? 
  england has a serious problem finishing a forward movement . 
  they dominated that game but only scored from a free kick and were stuck at the end . 
  loads of opportunities but no completion . 
  i do n't really give a fuck about isis chants but i wish england and russia fans would calm the fuck down in marseille . 
  fucking arseholes . 
  second goal was lovely . 
  well done wales !, 
  heard from a friend in bordeaux that the welsh fans have been charming so far . 
  out drinking but in good humour and behaving well . 
  take a look at swiss economic growth compared to other oecd during 92-99 , after the swiss rejected the eea in a referendum and before they signed a new treaty with the eu . 
   that 's on them , not us . 
  :-) why yes officer i did steal those goods but the shopkeeper had left them on display outside and they were n't secured . 
  that 's on him not me . 
   it 'd be best if people just ignore the economics as it is too complex for ordinary folks to understand . 
  strangely elitist statement . 
   people assume it 's the fault of the england fans there are more clashes today : [ euro 2016 : england fans in fresh clashes with police ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-36504410 ) the media reports i 've read have said that england fans started throwing stuff at the police and then the police moved in . 
  same reports for last night and this afternoon . 
  there 's an interesting interview with emmanuel todd in [ atlantico ] ( http://www.atlantico.fr/decryptage/emmanuel-todd-fais-somme-que-socialistes-ont-fait-bon-concept-est-violent-et-doux-fois-agit-fascisme-rose-2718343.html ) here 's one part :  ( the commentators on a political discussion show ) were forced to recognize a small problem at the start ; that the socialist party was not elected to break up labor legislation . 
  but what is striking is that they did not see the enormity that this represents for political science . 
  because in fact we are in a systemic breakdown . 
  among the instruments of constitutional law , there is the distinction between the imperative mandate and the representative office . 
  everyone is now agreed that only the representative mandate allows normal functioning of liberal democracies with citizens who vote , who elect representatives who make decisions freely within the general lines preferred by the electors . 
  however , stakeholders do not seem to realize that the current behavior of fran\u00e7ois hollande and the ps suggests the existence of a third mandate ; the `` jemenfoutiste '' ( i do n't give a fuck ) mandate . 
  here , the election becomes a parody , voters vote , but it is understood in the spirit of the great leftist political party that said that the voter has no importance , and therefore the party has the right to do exactly opposite . 
  this is tolerable to the right , like with jacques chirac in 1995 , but with hollande , it 's still more complicated . 
  this is a breaking point . 
  because if there are laws , there is also the spirit of the laws . 
  currently , compliance with the formal constitutional rules blind us to the fact that the spirit of the institutions will is violated . 
  there is a change of mentality in the fifth republic , which means that the electorate no longer counts . 
  what change in attitudes has allowed this distortion ? 
  article 4 of the constitution states that political parties work upon the basis of suffrage , but , in practice , this article has been abolished . 
  that the socialist party participates in the distortion of the vote is a constitutional problem . 
   it is from this framework that we must understand the attitude of abnormal action by the cgt . 
  i think francois hollande and manuel valls are not aware that they are destroying french constitutional law . 
  but i do n't believe either that the cgt is aware of what it represents . 
  martinez was quiet . 
  he said he was defending the employees and the labor code . 
  but the deeper truth is that the cgt is trying to defend the constitution . 
  that 's what 's terrible . 
  you 've just argued up thread :  economics do n't matter . 
  harsh as in they thought ( misguidedly ) that they 're helping their son ; they were following parents ' natural instincts and they 're now in jail . 
  i did n't say it was n't fair . 
   conservative party whips are also consulting mps on whether a minister for europe should be appointed to cabinet as part of a reshuffle that would occur after the referendum , probably in the autumn . 
  that 'd be a nice job for boris . 
  oh i know - i 've lived among them . 
  but if the uk pulls out of the eu , sinn fein will seek a referendum on unification and they might well get it passed . 
  the unionist parties between them might attract 45 % of the electorate , but some of that has to be soft unionism and could prefer to be in a united ireland inside the eu , than an england/wales/ni union outside the eu . 
  i kind of hope that scotland will bail on the uk . 
  if brexit happens and scotland withdraws , i 'm hoping for a united ireland :-), 
  l'equipe has a piece about why the england/russia match is a cause for worry . 
  [ google translate ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=fr&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.lequipe.fr%2ffootball%2factualites%2feuro-2016-pourquoi-le-match-entre-l-angleterre-et-la-russie-a-marseille-inquiete%2f692327&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ) tl ; dr 1 . 
  english fans went on the rampage in marseille during 1998 world cup . 
  both england and russia have a history of hooliganism . 
  counter-productive methods of enforcement by french police provoking more violence . 
  french press is reporting that a group of about 200 english fans started throwing cans at police , who responded with tear gas . 
  one english and one french in policy custody . 
  good article . 
  i think we 're past the time for rational economic arguments though ; most of the discussion recently has been emotionally driven . 
  stone not snow . 
  this is a remarkable achievement :  after only two years scientists found 95 per cent of the gas was captured and converted , far quicker than initial predictions edit : title has been fixed on the independent website . 
   climate change breakthrough as iceland turns carbon dioxide into stone, 
  harsh on the parents but hopefully it 'll encourage people to disassociate themselves from children/relatives who are becoming radicalized . 
  go after the families of jihadis and make it clear there are consequences for aiding and abetting would-be terrorists . 
  predict wise has a similar prediction ( 72:28 ) .
