  a category of people who identify with each other based on similarities ? 
  does this mean albania is a ( 90 % + ) homogeneous population , even though religion is quite distributed ? 
  are you saying that 's the killer ? 
  yes i saw that . 
  i was wondering about the `` preaching in london '' part . 
  define `` homogeneous '' ? 
  a single language ? 
  a single religion ? 
  a single culture ? 
  history of christians in japan also supports this analysis . 
   the killer ( he was known for preaching islamism and terrorism to people in london ) source for that ? 
  it 's not exactly `` on lockdown '' . 
  there are some patrols around and occasionally someone asks to look at your bag in a store . 
  i do n't consider the ira `` good terrorists '' , but i do understand the context that drove them to terrorism . 
  i also ca n't see who was a `` good player '' in ni at the time . 
  there was murder and mayhem from nationalists , from loyalists , and from the british government . 
  i also feel strongly that the past is the past , and we need to get away from constant recriminations in northern ireland in order to move ahead with a peaceful future . 
  unfortunately there 's a certain type of tory , as represented by yesterday 's daily mail cover , who oppose the peace process and refuse to move on . 
   are you saying they were ... fibbing ? 
  no , but there 's a difference between acting alone and planning alone . 
  i 'm fairly sure he was acting alone , but it 's also likely that other people encouraged him . 
   i wonder if they will go after his regular places of worship ? 
  it 's fairly standard afaik . 
  various speculative fiction stories have humans being wiped out by some sort of ai once the computer decides that we 're not particularly useful . 
  i disagree . 
  we will wipe ourselves out though a combination of human intelligence and human stupidity . 
  the overwhelming consensus might be that real gdp per capita will be down , but the [ majority of british millionaires believe that brexit will help them to increase their wealth ] ( http://economia.icaew.com/en/news/march-2017/brexit-benefits-for-millionaire-britons ) . 
  silver lining and all that ... 
  it 'll be interesting to see how `` lone '' he was . 
  five people have been charged with supporting the guy in nice ; at least three of them knew the sort of attack he planned . 
  there 's a story about the naming of the phoenix park in dublin ( maybe the largest enclosed public park in europe , iirc ) . 
  fionn maccumhaill , a legendary irish hero , was said to have been travelling when he stopped at a stream and drank some water . 
  the water was so good , apparently , that he described it as * f\u00edon uisce * , or wine water . 
  this later became corrupted to * phoenix * in english . 
  an alternative story is that the name comes from * fion uisce * ( without the fada on the i ) , which means clear water . 
  not to mention his long collaboration with paul simon . 
  the brits voted cromwell * best ever briton * or some shite a few years back . 
  edit : he was placed 10th in the 100th greatest . 
  biggest killer in ireland until the famine . 
  now ireland 's a very funny place , sir it 's a strange and a troubled land . 
  and the irish are a very funny race , sir every girl 's in the cumann na mban every doggie wears a tri-coloured ribbon tied firmly to its tail and it would n't be surprising if there 'd be another rising [ said the man from the daily mail ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx1cssza1v0 ), 
   finally live under a fully democratic system again they 're getting rid of the house of lords as part of brexit ? 
  and the hereditary head of state ? 
  this brexit strategy is far-reaching indeed !, 
   hopefully we react in london the same as we did after 7/7 . 
  maybe without shooting some poor brazilian dude in the tube . 
  there should be a simple set of rules about what can and ca n't be said . 
  otherwise we set up a feedback loop between extremists being provocative on the one hand and outraged on the other . 
  the alt right in the us has been using this sort of attention seeking to provoke boycotts and demonstrations by the extreme left , with the final result that some poor fucker got shot outside a speech by some dopey gamergate bellend who was making a living as a professional contrarian until he got busted making dumb comments about kiddy fiddling . 
  the two extremes feed off each other - deny them the oxygen of publicity by making some simple rules about speech . 
  edit : lolling that people are downvoting this without engaging in any discussion . 
  you asked for a source . 
  does n't matter a fuck to me buddy . 
  just like the hindu gods have many avatars . 
  here : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/1224611.stm, 
  dunno if anyone said it was useless . 
  he did it yesterday or the before though , yes . 
  yes and also [ this incident ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daallo_airlines_flight_159 ) , which was thankfully not a massively lethal one . 
   the core of the uk 's brexit strategy is to finally be able to chart a globalist course of much more trade agreements outside of the restrictive eu treaties . 
  the core of the uk 's brexit strategy is to be able to limit eu immigration . 
  everything else is secondary . 
   why in the world are rednecks in bumfuckville , alabama hoping for a frexit or hating on brussels ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  some of them are just sad lonely fucks who are bored now because t_d has won and they 're looking for the next campaign . 
  just do n't let him near the manneken pis ... 
  ] ( https://www.spailpin.com/en/t-shirts/female-style-t-shirts/broken-irish-is-better-than-clever-english-fitted-style-t-shirt-detail ) a lot of them would 've been rusty . 
  in the movie version of this scene , tintin wakes up to see the captain warming his buttocks on the fire . 
  tintin tries valiantly to put out the fire using sea water , only for the captain to attempt to douse it with the whisky he 's been drinking . 
  an explosion ensues and we cut to tintin and the captain sitting on an upturned fire-damaged boat . 
  then a plane shows up and captain haddock starts calling for help . 
  the plane opens fire on them ... 
  i buy 2 x 250gr packets per week , shared between my wife and myself ( my kids do n't drink coffee yet ) . 
  plus maybe another 10 per year 250gr of more expensive coffee for occasional treats . 
  plus all of the coffees i get around the place ( maybe 10 espressos per week ) ... 
   certainly if we are talking about malmo , if we try and apply sexual assault proportions based on country of origin [ either from norwegian/danish or finnish statistics ] to the population of the city and the backgrounds of its inhabitants , it 's not an illogical conclusion that the city would see a much higher incident of sexual assault than other cities . 
  but it 's not a conclusion . 
  it 's a testable hypothesis . 
   what about this approach do you disagree my biggest issue is that if we profile based on certain characteristics , we create a self-reinforcing bias . 
  if the police force disproportionately stops and searches young black britons , for example , we should not be surprised if young black britons are disproportionately up on charges for weapons or drugs offenses . 
  it does n't mean that their * rate of offense * is greater , just that their * rate of detection * is greater . 
  take it up with the original poster . 
  in that case your argument becomes somewhat convoluted . 
  you 're saying that if sweden 's sexual assault rate has remained constant in spite of the influx of men from mena then it must be because other populations ( native swedes , people of other origins ) are engaging in fewer sexual assaults than previously . 
  to support this , you use statistics collected in finland for 2010-11 . 
  do you see that you 're engaging in several logical leaps to justify your own preconception ? 
  you 're not making any sense . 
  you made this assertion : if men from mena had not entered sweden then sweden 's rate of sexual assault should have been decreasing based on the * aforementioned statistics * . 
  i asked :  what statistics exactly ? 
  of course it 's possible that we should have seen a decline in the rate of sexual assault , i just want to know what statistics you 're basing this on . 
  but you 've gone off on a tangent about men from mena without answering my question . 
   sweden 's rate of sexual assault should have been decreasing based on the aforementioned statistics . 
  can you entertain that possibility ? 
  of course i can entertain that possibility , but based on what statistics exactly ? 
  what concept of proportion ? 
  you said `` i ca n't imagine how bad it must be now , given recent influx '' , but the link you 'd been referred to had already stated `` it has n't changed in 10 years '' . 
  do you mean that you accept there 's no increase in recent years , but proportions have somehow changed ? 
   i ca n't imagine how bad the situation must actually be in sweden you 've just decided to ignore the link that / u/oppaii posted where the journalist wrote :  to cap it off ; ** the number has not actually risen . 
  ** it seems like it has due to the bigger rape cases ( not migrants , just so you are aware ) , swaying the stats . 
  however , if you look at ` exposure to sexual assault ' , the figure has remained constant for about a decade . 
  does n't fit your imagined narrative , huh ?
