  people worry about loss of national identity , and this is a valid concern . 
  there are serious issues with the euro , especially in certain economies , and although it has survived a major challenge , i would n't be 100 % certain it will last . 
  christianity is probably the most logical because of strong centralisation and the church 's control of education for centuries . 
  but even within christian tradition we find contradictory propositions , many of which led to schisms and heresy . 
  judaism and islam , as decentralised religions , have even more contradictions because local traditions and customs influenced the religion and caused it to diverge . 
  `` do n't know '' is the most defensible position here . 
  it looks like a hard brexit , but with a significant transition period . 
  it seems unlikely that the transition will be over by the time of the next general election . 
  it 's quite possible the election will be fought on details concerning the uk 's future relationship with the eu . 
  i used to enjoy watching people panic buying on the thursday . 
  `` an entire day with no booze sales !, 
  quick buy a few crates of beer ! '', 
  at one point in the late 90s some dublin pubs would open after midnight , but i think that was stopped . 
   it 's been proven as an effective mean of terrorism . 
  if the would-be terrorist has a death wish and is prepared to kill indiscriminately , a heavy vehicle in a crowded space is unfortunately very effective , low barrier to entry terrorism . 
  not particularly logical . 
  i 've never found religion especially logical but ymmv . 
   how 'd anyone justify attacking sweden though ? 
  i 'm not sure there 's any point in looking for a logical rationale underpinning such actions . 
  charlie flanagan would n't be the sharpest knife in the drawer ; i may have to rethink my own position on brexit . 
  son of the notorious anti-semite and conspiracy theorist [ oliver j. 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oliver_j._flanagan ), 
  my thoughts are with her boyfriend , family , and friends . 
  agreed , but one has to wonder whether having the referendum was a good idea . 
  no matter how brexit turns out , it 's going to dominate uk politics for five years , during which time lots of other issues that are important to people will fall by the wayside . 
   here 's a little something from their youtube channel pearse 's lyrics to an old jacobite song ( sea shanty air ) . 
   40 % voted out by that reckoning , brexitref was a tie . 
   despite somewhere like hong kong having much stronger historic links to the uk . 
  when you say `` historic '' you mean `` recent historic '' . the uk was only involved in hong kong for about 150 years . 
  it has been involved in europe throughout history . 
   i 'm just pointing out that their employment contracts may be with the eu and not the uk . 
  some eu/eec jobs have been tied to country of origin to ensure a ` fair ' representation of member states in the bureaucracy . 
  i read this article yesterday and i 'm still shaking my head . 
  it 's simply batshit . 
  no , le pen desperately wants to win . 
   we do n't have worker immunity is an epic phrase . 
  yes he delivered it perfectly too . 
  there 's a disturbing tendency in people to favour strong leadership over honesty . 
  i grew up in ireland with charlie haughey as one of the leaders . 
  speaking to the older generation about him , many of them said basically `` we knew he was crooked , but he was the chieftain so he was entitled to be crooked '' . 
  teenage me was horrified by this , but the older i get the more i see this attitude : people turn a blind eye to dishonesty if the politician is strong or charismatic enough . 
  glad they 're not setting white lines . 
   victim , religious jewish woman , lives alone . 
  i 've read a couple of sources that she lived in the apartment with husband and two kids . 
   people ^ who ^ watched ^ the ^ debate do n't think le pen is convincing , neither has a good program she has a core support of somewhere between 18 % and 25 % of likely voters . 
  if they already have decided to support her , they may not have watched the debate , or they may not care about her performance . 
  judging by the television reports , she was ` destabilized ' a few times . 
  i doubt this will reduce her core support . 
  the current proposal is a hack : provide a ` super pacs ' to replace same sex marriage , but do n't make it retroactive . 
  i 'm not certain that this could pass the conseil d'etat because it will create different status . 
  cool . 
  i remember it from a poem i did for my inter cert ( now junior cert ) . 
   she supports same sex marriage not according to [ her manifesto ] ( http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2017/02/14/frances-marine-le-pen-quietly-pledges-to-end-same-sex-marriage/ ), 
  * cleanliness of heart , strength of limb , and actions according to our words . 
  this sub : https://www.reddit.com/r/place/ allowed people to collaborate on placing a pixel every 5 minutes to create a large picture . 
  it happened over 2 days ( i think ) last weekend . 
  many national subs worked together to do a national flag . 
  r/europe worked on a european flag . 
  i 'd forgotten pegg was in big train . 
  my favourite sketch from that show : [ distracting boss ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qx0r6dsvxau ), 
  went to try to help but it looks like it 's too late . 
  it was n't the eu that excluded mention of gibraltar in the letter . 
  image deleted ? 
  most of the france-based brits whom i know are applying for french citizenship . 
  it 's a slow process but they 'll be sorted before 2019 . 
  eurostar to paris , then tgv to barcelona and ave to madrid : http://www.raileurope-world.com/train-tickets/journeys/article/madrid-paris should be possible in about 14 hours . 
  if this was happening in front of me yes i 'd intervene . 
  certainly would n't stand and watch . 
  oh man i laughed way too hard at the second version !, 
  thanks !, 
   well i 'm not fully sure if the perpetrators of that individual were muslim your posting history shows you 're fairly obsessed with muslims , so i 'm guessing that you are quite sure . 
   there was a group of roughly 10 people that was kicking and punching him , and the rest , another 10 or 20 , were all just around watching . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  nobody intervened ? 
  kid was getting his head kicked in and they just watched ? 
  thanks for answering . 
  i do n't understand how people can choose to live in such conditions , especially when they have the option to apply for asylum in france and get a roof over their heads . 
  but i have n't walked in their shoes ... 
  telegraph is going full retard this weekend i see . 
  her : this brexit causes me concern . 
  it 's vast and there 's so much to learn !, 
  him : you need to have more national pride !, 
  i 'll fire my beans up your backside !, 
  from the article :  gibraltar lobbied very hard to have them specifically mentioned in our letter and it was rejected by dexeu , to the annoyance of the foreign office . 
  the gibraltarian government is feeling very let down . 
  fo blames dexeu and no . 
  10 , and it sounds like dexeu blames spain rather than taking responsibility for it . 
  i just realised that there 's a fucking unicorn on the uk passport !, 
  and aslan is there too !, 
  it looks like they 're fighting over a large container of something , with a crown on top . 
  1m = 1000 , 1mm = 1000 x 1000 = 1000000, 
  it seems to me that the eu is showing solidarity with spain , while the uk is failing to show solidarity with gibraltar ? 
  and now that there 's been a backlash , uk politicians are laying the blame on spanish politicians . 
  rover supports sligo rovers !, 
  :-) [ thanks man ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/leather-united-kingdom-passport-cover/dp/b00eq6q9z4 ), 
  okay , i guess the biggest difference i see is that in france there is no stigma to being an atheist , whereas in the us it 's still treated as a big deal . 
  that said , i do see religion as playing a role in many people 's lives in france . 
  my kids are involved with the scouting movement , and many of the [ scouting organisations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scoutisme_fran%c3%a7ais ) have a religious aspect . 
  i 'm not religious , but i have no problem with my kids being exposed to religious ideas . 
  i encourage them to learn about christianity in particular because it 's central to understanding a lot of european culture .
