  in the space of a day , the schoolgirl became a citizen of the `` caliphate '' . 
  she is greeted on the spot by her future husband , eight years her senior . 
  under the mattress in her room , lea left a farewell letter : `` first of all , i apologize for the many spelling errors . 
  ( ... ) you do n't suspect this , but in 10 hours i will be gone . 
  gone from this country that prevents me from practicing my religion properly in freedom . 
  ( ... ) i have departed for sham , this holy city that is located in syria . 
  ( ... ) i left for a holy land where we will be resurrected on the day of resurrection . 
  i left because my happiness is to make my religion my life and have no constraints . 
  because dad refuses the hijab and you wo n't allow me to stop attending school . '', 
  l\u00e9a does n't know anything about sham - a region that dates back to the golden age of islam , rather than a city - nor her final destination , rakka , nor what to expect in syria : her flight has been controlled remotely . 
  the investigators of the anti-terrorism sub-directorate ( sdat ) and the directorate general of internal security ( rps ) quickly discover that she was in touch on facebook with a `` abu saad al maghrebi , '' a predator of the islamic state who 's originally from nimes ( southern france ) . 
  investigators also realize that l\u00e9a was in touch before leaving with several young women living in france . 
  among them , camille , 15 , enrolled in vocational school , lives in a small town in southern france . 
  neither her father , of algerian origin , nor her mother , from a catholic backaground , are practiticing . 
  eager to wear the full veil and settle in syria , she gradually radicalized herself on the internet . 
  since march 2014 she 's been subject to a ban on leaving the country . 
  at the other end of france , a second contact of l\u00e9a , juliette , 14 , comes from a blended family . 
  from a catholic background , she wears niqab and gloves , just one year after her conversion in a mosque in her region . 
  camille and juliette are interviewed by the police two days after the disappearance of l\u00e9a . 
  they admit being in contact with the girl but deny having encouraged her departure . 
  it 's a police investigation of a new kind . 
  a terrorist case within the confines of childhood , mental manipulation and the malaise of society . 
  the story of a group of girls torn between the troubles of adolescence and the pitfalls of a troubled era . 
  its protagonists are between 14 and 19 years . 
  from different regions of france , they got to know each other on facebook and have never met . 
  from middle class families that are not religious or not very religious , these five young girls found a complete ideology on the internet , a magical piece of software that has all the answers : radical islam . 
  behind their keyboards , they discussed for months with `` recruiters '' from the organization islamic state ( ei ) and together they maintained their deadly delusion . 
  two of them left for syria , the other three planned to commit an attack on french soil . 
  here is the story of their indoctrination . 
  their names and their geographic origins have changed . 
  lol , what a headline . 
  it 's a slowdown in growth , but growth continues . 
   that does n't mean we know everything about what will happen when the uk leaves , but it does mean that the status-quo ( and current direction of travel ) is a better propositin . 
  i do n't understand . 
  do you mean that the status quo is not a better proposition ? 
   but why do that at all when there is only downside for everyone involved . 
  there is downside for the uk ; i 'm not so sure for the eu ; again , we 'd need to consider whether intra-eu trade would replace imports from the uk . 
  the uk 's disadvantage is its distance from alternative suppliers - even applying a tariff to eu goods they might remain competitive relative to goods shipped from the americas , for example . 
  applying a tariff to uk goods entering the eu might make them uncompetitive relative to similar goods sourced inside the eu , however . 
   the eucu does n't preclude the uk from negotiating other agreements in the way eu membership does . 
  afaik , turkey has accepted limitations on its capacity to create external agreements as part of its membership of eucu . 
   i took issue with inextricably i think . . 
  it is n't inextricably linked if the uk can maintain membership outside of the eu . 
  the point being that if membership of the customs union happened at the same time and as a result of membership of the eec , then that is inextricable and will necessitate re-joining the customs union under different terms . 
   that 's largely because there are several approaches and it will depend on the negotiation . 
  okay , so the position is `` let 's vote in favour of this , and we 'll see what happens afterwards '' ? 
   what is turkey paying for access ? 
  good question . 
  i do n't know . 
   are there other export markets that will make up the rather large gap that the uk would leave ? 
  there does n't have to be because it 's not an all-or-nothing situation . 
  tariffs between the eu and uk based on wto levels would still make trade between the two entities efficient and competitive vis a vis the rest of the world . 
  nobody thinks that trade would cease entirely , but it may become 2 % to 3 % more expensive if the uk is outside the customs union . 
  have n't i read some arguments suggesting it may be in the uk 's interest to be outside the customs union anyway ? 
  someone in the leave campaign was saying recently that the uk post-brexit would be able to rapidly set up bilateral trade agreements with the us , with canada , and so on , without the bothersome eu bureaucracy slowing everything down . 
    if uk membership of eucu is inextricably linked to uk membership of eu  that assume that the uk ca n't sign up to the eucu outside of the eu , which is clearly false . 
  woah there , it looks like you 're deliberately taking my words out of context ? 
  i wrote :  if uk membership of eucu is inextricably linked to uk membership of eu , the uk would at least have to join eucu on a different basis after brexit . 
  which is clearly true . 
   do you really see the eu placing barriers between itself and the worlds 5th largest economy ? 
  i honestly do n't know , mostly because the leave campaign can not explain what will happen if brexit is voted . 
  if the uk wo n't contribute anything and expects to join the customs union , i 'd be surprised if the eu countries play ball . 
  certainly switzerland and norway will be rightfully indignant . 
  germany , italy , and france will look at their trade with the uk and decide whether they 'd prefer to give up some uk trade in favour of intra-eu trade . 
  that 's a complex analysis but off the top of my head there are few uk exports that could n't be sourced elsewhere inside the eu . 
   the eucu and eu membership are n't linked in the abstract sense , no , but in the uk 's case they are linked . 
   it seems incredibly unlikely that it 'd result in the uk outside of the customs union why so ? 
  if uk membership of eucu is inextricably linked to uk membership of eu , the uk would at least have to join eucu on a different basis after brexit . 
  if the uk is n't prepared to pay to be a member of the eea , the eu is likely to look for some other quid pro quo from the uk in return for access to the internal market , is n't it ? 
  if the uk wo n't cut a deal ( again john redwood 's position ) , why should the eu provide unrestricted access ? 
  why treat the uk better than norway or switzerland , for example ? 
  the customs union predates the eu certainly , but did the uk join prior to or separately from joining the then eec ? 
  i think that joining the eec brought the uk into the customs union , so membership of the latter was indeed predicated on membership of the former . 
  leaving the eu means all these agreements must be negotiated , at least from what i understand . 
  assuming the uk wo n't pay to be a member of the eea ( at least based on what john redwood has been saying ) , there 'll have to be a separate agreement worked out , wo n't there ? 
  here 's the point of the article : barcelona is ready to receive migrants but the eu interior ministers have not got their shit together to redistribute migrants . 
  it 's not a question of whether migrants `` like '' or `` dislike '' spain , or whether spain has better or worse benefits . 
  it 's a question of the migrants who have already arrived in greece and italy being redistributed among european countries , including spain . 
   also spain is featured in a small tv show ` game of thrones ' , as is ireland , fwiw . 
  threat ? 
  it 's not a threat for goodness sake . 
  it 's just a statement of what 's likely to develop based on what happens currently with airlines . 
  you guys are way too sensitive over this stuff . 
  yes , but it 's the french state rather than the french government . 
  but the point is that passport * checking * may be done by employees of the train company ; passport * control * is done by border police . 
  if the le touquet agreement is ended , passport * control * moves back to britain . 
   since when is the eucu predecated on eu membership ? 
  predicated ? 
  in the uk 's case , i think forever ? 
  or is there a separate agreement that wo n't need to be revisited in the case of brexit ? 
   of course . . and it 'll still be a matter for the french police after leaving the eu too . 
  not when someone successfully walks through the tunnel . 
  but this is getting silly . 
  it 's a shared security concern . 
   i doubt that you really do n't think the end of a customs union will have an impact on the speed at which goods move between britain and france ? 
  i would be astonished if it did n't . 
   religion ? 
  are you $ hiting me ? 
  no , they have applied for recognition as a religion in many countries . 
  and mostly this has been refused .
