  the party spends quite a lot on its public image : good-looking candidates with nice posters , strong and effective social media presence , polished advertising . 
  for roughly equivalent in paris ( 40 minutes from centre , plus metro inside the city ) , i pay 800 euro per year . 
  if you 're going to * prioritise * domestic companies , you might as well simply re-nationalise . 
  too obscure . 
  i think aum had nine failed attacks with biological weapons before they succeeded with sarin , and even that had a much lower death toll than they had sought . 
  they 'd been trying to stage an attack for five years [ source ] ( http://mobile.nytimes.com/1998/05/26/world/sowing-death-a-special-report-how-japan-germ-terror-alerted-world.html ) but failed repeatedly . 
  they also had big financial resources and greater ability to act openly than most would-be terrorists . 
  i 'm not saying such attacks ca n't happen , just that they 're more difficult than many people seem to think . 
  it 's technically difficult to assemble chemical weapons . 
  collecting or generating enough of the agent , then handling the agent , then dispersing the agent - all of these are complex problems and risky endeavours . 
  at each stage the would-be terrorists may be detected or may injure themselves . 
  the likelihood of a major attack succeeding is very small . 
  to mount an effort , you 'd need people with experience in a range of disciplines , including botany/chemistry , large scale lab production , deadly materials storage , and so on . 
  isis may already have some radioactive material with which to build a dirty bomb , but it would be hugely difficult to get that material from syria or iraq to the uk ( or even mainland europe ) without being detected or irradiated . 
  even if it gets to the uk , it 's unlikely to be in sufficient quantity to cause a major contamination . 
  it 'd be more symbolic than deadly . 
  tl ; dr : much lower barrier to entry for opportunistic attacks like those staged in nice and berlin . 
  chemical attacks are complicated and difficult to mount effectively . 
  i 'm sure isis would be willing to stage such an attack ; i 'd question whether they 'd have the resources to make it effective . 
  low tech attacks like in nice and berlin seem much more likely . 
  my thoughts are with the victims and their families . 
  too terrible to contemplate . 
  i do understand but i disagree with your characterisation . 
  why hack the dnc in an election year if not to attempt to influence the election ? 
  anyway , there 's no point in repeating ourselves . 
  okay , if i can summarise my understanding : 1 . 
  you accept that the cia and fbi have stated that the russians engaged in election-related hacking activities . 
  you acknowledge that such activities are de jure illegal . 
  you 're not prepared to say that russia did n't interfere in the election . 
  thus , russia has engaged in illegal activity that relates to the us election , to the extent that this has been noticed by sundry private network monitoring groups in addition to the fbi and cia , but you consider this business as usual ( based on what ? 
  are you a spook ? 
  a us spook ? ) . 
  your disagreement with me is based on my interpretation of existing law and your interpretation of imaginary law . 
  obama is pursuing the correct course of action . 
   if that 's not extremely ironic , then i do n't know what it is . 
  but if you genuinely believe what you 've argued , viz . 
  that the russians have not at all sought to influence the election , it 's not the slightest bit ironic ? 
   britain is the ancient greece to the united states ' rome . 
  a nice analogy and one i have n't seen before . 
  thanks !, 
  `` hacking '' in this context very clearly implies unauthorised access to information and/or systems . 
  it is most certainly not considered ** legitimate ** conduct , though it may be considered predictable conduct . 
  you wrote : ( the intelligence agencies have )  said that russia has been doing ` election-related hacking '  the intelligence agencies agree that they 've done hacking attacks during the election i wrote :  if both the cia and the fbi state unequivocally that russia interfered in the us election process , we are in agreement . 
  i do n't agree . 
  if both the cia and the fbi state unequivocally that russia interfered in the us election process , there should be some response from the us . 
  given that the republicans have benefited from the interference , they probably want the whole issue to die down . 
  obama is forcing their hand and obliging them to do something about foreign interference in the electoral process . 
   the uk has always preferred cooperation with the us yeah , the `` special relationship '' in which each party secretly thinks it 's somehow superior to the other party . 
  it 's an eternal reach-around of condescension . 
  the sanctions are n't really aimed at russia . 
  they 're aimed at painting the republicans into a corner . 
  [ cartoon satire for dummies ] ( https://charliehebdo.fr/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2015/12/luz-version-finale-2.png ), 
   i think there 's more to it , but i have no idea what . 
  a lot of older french people hate the fn because they 're associated with collaborationists and vichy in wwii . 
  young people do n't have the same association - they see a media-genic party that understands how to get their message out on social networks . 
  in addition , young people in britain do n't have the same problems finding work as young people in france . 
  the uk has issues with zero-hour contracts , but france has more serious issues with youth unemployment . 
  this has been going on for years and none of the existing parties have made much progress addressing it . 
  the fn says it will fix the unemployment problem , and many young people think it 's worth giving them a shot at it , given the failures of the other parties . 
   so my question is , is it possible to design an encryption system that is inherently transparent about third party decryption ? 
  yes that should be possible i think . 
  you could use a key-based system where accessing a key is a matter of public record . 
  but terrorist networks wo n't use such a system for any sustained period of time . 
  and the national institute of economic and social research , britain 's longest established independent research institute , should just pack it in and stop conducting research ? 
  it 's a research paper . 
  they 're trying to assess the impact of brexit . 
  why is it late ? 
  the real story here may be that the home office is ill-equipped to start dealing with eu citizens as well as non-eu citizens for residency/citizenship/etc . 
  claims . 
   she can ask for an extra passport ? 
  i do n't think that 's permitted . 
  there 's a short paper from the niesr on [ the economic impact of brexit-induced reductions in migration ] ( http://www.niesr.ac.uk/publications/economic-impact-brexit-induced-reductions-migration#.wgqpanrq490 ) with the following conclusion : * using a methodology broadly analogous to that employed by mainstream economic forecasters to model the impact of brexit-induced reductions in trade on productivity and growth , we also project the impact on per capita gdp and on the wages of those in the low-skilled service sector , particularly strongly impacted by eu migration . 
  the broad scenarios ( not forecasts ) we depict imply that the negative impacts on per capita gdp will be significant , potentially approaching those resulting from reduced trade . 
  by contrast , the increase in low-skilled wages resulting from reduced migration is expected to be , if at all , relatively modest . 
  obviously not , but rather than simply posting a link , would n't it be more interesting to consider whether this manifesto had any impact at the time of its publication ? 
  why did you post it , out of interest ? 
  do you think all of the ideas presented within are still relevant ? 
  have any of the ideas been overtaken by subsequent events ? 
  has there been any implementation of these ideas in europe ? 
  i got it from wikipedia , but other people have provided other sources already . 
  his wikipedia page says the assault was physical : * lieberman located one of the boys in a trailer and hit him in the face . 
  after the boy fell and was injured , lieberman grabbed him by the shirt-collar and arm , took him back to his home in tekoa and threatened that he would attack him again if he returned to nokdim . 
  he was charged with assaulting and threatening him . 
  lieberman was convicted based on his own confession in the context of a plea bargain . 
  this manifesto is old enough to buy alcohol throughout europe . 
   `` this summit 's entire purpose is to undermine the state of israel 's security and tarnish its good name . '', 
  says the guy who was convicted of assaulting a 12-year-old child . 
   how convenient , it is then impossible to prove or deny anything . 
  there 's a fairly obvious reason for it . 
   i posit you desire an appropriate retort to your original post . 
  i do n't care very much to be honest . 
  you had a go at me , as you 're entitled to , and i corrected your english usage . 
  i expressed an opinion , and as you 're aware opinions are like assholes . 
   you present neither examples or sources for anything that might support your argument , wapo article : [ islamic state 's goal : using fear to drive a wedge between muslims and others ] ( https://www.adn.com/nation-world/2016/12/20/islamic-states-goal-using-fear-to-drive-a-wedge-between-muslims-and-others/ ) nymag : [ how terror attacks drive a wedge between muslims and non-muslims in the u.s. ] ( http://nymag.com/scienceofus/2015/12/long-term-divisive-effects-of-terrorism.html ) world military news : [ isis 's goal : using fear to drive a wedge between muslims and others ] ( http://www.worldmilitarynews.com/2016/12/20/isiss-goal-using-fear-to-drive-a-wedge-between-muslims-and-others/ ) new york review of books : [ paris : the war isis wants ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/daily/2015/11/16/paris-attacks-isis-strategy-chaos/ ) i could continue . 
   instead opting for strong wording and vague references to dates that might impress or influence the average skim reader but leave the scrupulous reader wanting . 
  this is an interesting phrase . 
  you point to holes in my argument and then pat yourself on the back for having found them . 
  well done !, 
   the terrorists have not been ambiguous in their actions as to what their goals are . 
  you consider their goals to be simple murder and mayhem ?
