  seriously folks it 's 2017 already . 
  no it 's a lovely place . 
  garden of england . 
  dup insisted on ni being added under kent . 
  davis might be replacing may entirely if rumours are to be believed . 
   making the three coloured fields of the tricolor unequal in size rubs me the wrong way i agree . 
  the colours map to the libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 slogan so they should remain equally sized . 
   michel barnier , has said that he expects the british to finally make their position clearer , for he can not negotiate with himself . 
  the punch line about this statement is that it 'd actually be best for the british if barnier did exactly this . 
  ** in this case they 'd have a representative with a clear view of the scope of the endeavor ** that line gave me a giggle . 
  fair play to the people working through the debris in the tower to find human remains . 
  a very difficult but necessary job . 
  mp is member of parliament . 
  may was looking for a super majority because it would help her against possible rebels inside her own party . 
  among the tories there are some who really would prefer to remain , while there are others who will leave at any cost - even crashing out without a deal . 
  she wanted a strong position to prevent these extremes from possible rebellion against whatever deal she pursues . 
  she failed and now she has to depend on the crazy irish people . 
  it 's a concert venue , is n't it ? 
  lol . 
  so much aggression for a monday morning . 
  stop making daft assumptions about my perspective - i said nothing about european intervention causing ethnic tension . 
  what 's obvious across your three examples is their relatively recent consolidation and their somewhat artificial composition . 
  the political system did not emerge in these places over time in the way that political systems emerged in britain and france . 
  let 's look at your three structures : lebanon has a constitutional measure to try to keep peace between muslims and christians . 
  israel does n't have a systemic arrangement , rather the political parties have formed around ethnic identities . 
  singapore is almost a one-party state , with that party having its origins in leninism . 
  i do n't understand why you include it , as malaysia would probably be a better example . 
   there 's a reason places like israel , lebanon and singapore have the type of government structures they have . 
  because they were formerly administered by britain or france ? 
  words to live by in troubled times . 
  is there evidence of this happening ? 
  were people blocked from escaping by rubbish ? 
  i live near the for\u00eat de fontainebleau : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/forest_of_fontainebleau it 's simply wonderful . 
  bouldering for the young and fit people , and hiking and biking for oldies like me . 
  a benefit of living close to the forest is an amazing biodiversity . 
  i 'm currently watching swallows swoop overhead , feeding on evening insects . 
  pretty soon they 'll be replaced by a few bats who do the same , but a little closer to sundown . 
  m\u00e9lenchon split the french socialists by leaving the ps over hollande 's nomination . 
  blair clearly did n't destroy labour given corbyn 's resurgence . 
  the removal of the radical left in labour also predates blair : it happened under kinnock . 
  trump 's team did very impressive work in key marginal states , but the bulk of his vote was the traditional republican base . 
  trump 's major victory was in the primary . 
  but yeah , it 's still unclear whether macron will be any good . 
  i agree in general , but i 'd give credit to macron for effectively carving a huge chunk of support out of the dominant political parties . 
  in a little over a year he has effectively redrawn french political boundaries . 
  this is a very impressive achievement , though of course he has yet to prove himself as president . 
  wow , how very selective and let 's blame the dead people , eh ? 
  people who eat sushi at home ? 
  wow , is this in finland ? 
  but finns are normally so chill !, 
  my favourite german statesman of the 20th c , mostly because he 's the one i knew the most . 
  some asshole criticised me for this sentiment earlier , but i 'm sorry for herr kohl 's family . 
  and yet you deleted your original comment ? 
  pretty sure it 'll still be better than the us . 
   you 're trying to make a conspiracy out of nothing . 
  no , you selectively quoted her and you made no further comment . 
  you left an edited quotation hanging in the air for me to interpret . 
  do n't try to push blame onto me for reaching obvious conclusions . 
   i sought to add an idea to the thread no you did n't . 
  you presented an inaccurate quotation . 
  if you had followed that up with your own idea , i might accept this excuse , but you did n't . 
   i do , however , believe that someone deserves to be judged for their political beliefs . 
  those judgments should be made without consideration of how they happened to die . 
  sure , i have no problem with that . 
  and perhaps you have a reasonable argument against what cox said , but you certainly have n't presented that argument . 
  as a result , i 'm left with the conclusion that you seek to damn her by selectively quoting her on this , the anniversary of her death . 
  well are n't you the big man ? 
   however , just as she has the freedom to express her opinions , i have the freedom to judge them . 
  and i am going to judge them , regardless of how she died . 
  again , if you have an argument against what she said , you should go ahead and make it instead of hiding behind selective quotations . 
  but just a thought : you might wait until it 's not the anniversary of her death before you get into this . 
  lol . 
   why do you think i have a problem with it ? 
  you selectively quoted a tiny part of her first speech in parliament . 
  it 's odd that you left out the part about irish catholics , is n't it ? 
  you say you found the quotation on some website , but you must 've gone looking for it because you remembered it for some reason . 
  why would you remember it , if you were n't deeply affected by it , or in some way had a problem with it . 
   why do you think i 'm trying to make an argument of some sort ? 
  i 'm just sharing information about a politician 's political positions for people who might be interested . 
  i 'm honestly surprised that you 're getting into this in a thread where people are asked to remember a dead person . 
  what do you want people to conclude , that she somehow deserved to die ? 
  ca n't you find something better to do with your time than starting internet arguments about the legacy of a dead politician who was murdered by a neo-nazi ? 
   i suppose that 's a type of `` signal '' . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  my interpretation of that signal is that you think jo cox somehow `` got what was coming to her '' . 
  fuck that notion , it does n't belong in a democracy . 
   but in any case , jo cox was known to be a vocal supporter of muslims and muslim immigration . 
  apparently irish immigration too . 
  and you have a problem with that ? 
  or you 're just signalling something ? 
   our communities have been deeply enhanced by immigration , be it ** ^ of ^ irish ^ catholics ^ across ^ the ^ constituency ^ or ** of muslims from india or from pakistan . 
  your drive-by comment is ( deliberately ? ), 
  missing the best part , and as an irish catholic i 'm dismayed !, 
  she seemed really sound for a politician . 
  my thoughts are with her family and friends . 
  as in gaelscoil primary , so sort of in between  we 'd have spoken a bit at home , as would a lot of my extended family . 
  yeah , i might earn more in the usa , but i 'd be spending a lot of it paying people to look after my kids . 
  plus i 'd see less of my kids because i 'd have fewer holidays ... hmmm , maybe when they 're teenagers ... 
  grew up speaking mostly english but also irish from a fairly early age . 
  i found working in french really tiring for the first few years .
