  there would n't be so many privileged kids . 
  paris is an interesting case - the wealthiest neighbourhoods have voted fillon , the more middle class ones macron , and the more working class ones ( 19th , 20th ) have voted m\u00e9lenchon . 
  you say that the govt should address fn concerns . 
  you say that one fn concern is excessive immigration . 
  it 's logical to conclude that you think the french govt should limit immigration . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/les-decodeurs/article/2015/10/13/quatre-graphes-qui-dementent-cinq-idees-recues-sur-l-immigration_4788517_4355770.html ) ( in french ) debunks some of the received wisdom on immigration . 
  you can find an english language article called `` some truths about immigration in france '' but i ca n't link to it because it 's * the * * local * which is not permitted as a source here . 
  you 're saying that the french government should limit immigration ? 
   if some weird form of liberal nationalist/identitarian political party is formed , they would rock the entire continent . 
  why would a nationalist/identitarian party operate at an eu level ? 
  the * identitarian * movement seems quite far-right in france . 
   maybe they should address some of that voter bases concerns what concerns should they address , per you ? 
   i 've reached out to the parties and it 's their own fault if they refuse an ama . 
  how did this one come about ? 
  did you reach out to the fn ? 
  or did they contact you ? 
  was it a full moon last night ? 
   and le pen will get closer and closer each election until she wins . 
  you realise that she 's done significantly worse this time than the fn did in the regional elections in 2015 ? 
  when she loses this one , watch out for a power struggle in the fn . 
  because op has an agenda to push ? 
  s/he is disappointed with macron 's victory and wants to undermine macron for the next round . 
  happy cake day btw !, 
  you 're deluded . 
  around where i live there 's a clear divide : busy large towns : m\u00e9lenchon busy medium size towns : macron quiet medium/smaller towns : le pen busy or quiet smaller towns with lots of rich people : fillon, 
  no , but they 'll love that idea . 
  my kids are delighted with macron . 
  no way . 
  donegal is too nice . 
  give them leitrim . 
  looks like it . 
  fascinating . 
  this is clever . 
  it 's a bit like taking just peaks and troughs from a topographic map and using them to fill out the rest of the terrain . 
  the technique is also a great candidate for a learning algorithm . 
  religious hate was n't particularly noticeable . 
  religious mistrust was present but it only turned to hate when it suited the ruling classes . 
  the northern irish divisions were stoked by tories to suit their purposes . 
  look at the history of the orange lodges - they only become a political force when it suits the british government to use them to oppose irish home rule . 
  whenever you see an apparent religious conflict , look beyond to see if there 's a political cause promoting the conflict . 
  there 's only so many hills in paris , and we 're looking at sacr\u00e9 coeur from south east because of where the tower is . 
  anyway , you 're talented and a sport and i think i 'll buy one of your prints . 
   irish monks were the first settlers of iceland . 
  tfw you build a colony but it dies out after one generation because all the settlers are chaste . 
  i think the british aristocracy oppressed irish and british people , including many scots . 
  i do n't think scots planters who arrived in ireland `` oppressed '' the irish . 
  i think they supplanted them . 
  for the individual planters , this was an economic decision and i do n't blame them for wanting a better life . 
  i blame the ruling classes for engaging in social engineering for political ends . 
  :-) sorry man . 
  i do n't know witcher 3, 
  that 's awesome . 
  yes it 's cool . 
  i was wondering if other scandinavian languages had the same as danish . 
  paris looking towards sacr\u00e9 coeur from the east . 
  taken from the parc des buttes chaumont ? 
  [ around here maybe ? 
  ] ( https://www.google.fr/maps/@48.8811224,2.3830391,3a,75y,308.08h,89.32t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1svteel3xdbu84fzpibgnrma!2e0!3e2!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1 ), 
  i remember years back when sarkozy described people in the paris suburbs as `` racailles '' and there was outrage . 
  i thought `` oh he 's just calling them rascals , that 's not so bad '' , but then i looked it up . 
  the words have the same root , but * racaille * is closer to `` rabble '' while `` rascal '' is quite innocuous . 
  not if the * weapon of choice * was sense of humour . 
  you 've clearly never been in dublin the weekend of a ireland/scotland rugby game . 
  oh man i love strange counting systems !, 
  is this just in danish ? 
  they certainly knew more about irish-scottish links than i did . 
  i 've always felt very welcome in scotland , to the extent of drunken glaswegian lads lecturing me on irish history while i nod and smile . 
  yeah , it 's there if anyone asks about it , but most people stop reading after about point 50 . 
  jobs are created when production and consumption are transformed . 
  new forms of job are created with technological shifts . 
  there are many categories of job that exist now that did n't exist when i started working 25 years ago . 
  these new categories ca n't be attributed to an individual , but to the contributions of a multitude of people over time . 
  to say that tim berners lee created the job of webmaster , for example , ignores everything that built up to his innovation , and everything that followed up to the point of a job described as webmaster being occupied . 
  to summarise : only a few magical people create jobs . 
  if immigration is allowed , these magical people wo n't create jobs . 
  therefore ban immigration ? 
  yeah , i 'll stick with regular economic theory thanks . 
  scene : an office in a nondescript building , somewhere in the usa . 
  a young man sits opposite an older one . 
  young man 's internal monologue : `` yay !, 
  i 've got a job with the cia !, 
  i wonder what i 'll be doing ? 
  running a network behind the iron curtain ? 
  training counter insurgency forces in the jungles of south america ? 
  going under deep cover in the middle east ? '', 
  supervisor , pushing a copy of * discipline and punish * across the desk : `` read this pal . 
  you 're our new foucault guy ... '' * fin *, 
  okay let 's say you have a perspective . 
  what useful conclusions or predictions does it provide ? 
  no that ca n't be right . 
  we 've already demonstrated that what he actually did say is ambiguous and open to interpretation . 
  in order to explain the words , you had to add new words ( and concepts ) , which takes us beyond what was actually said . 
  all of your examples come from automotive/engine development . 
  but you also write this :  an typical person absorbs either an natural job or a recently created job . 
  realistically , new engines just replace old engines , and old engines just replaced horses , and horses just replaced people , and people just replaced natural processes . 
  i do n't get see any useful observations emerging from this approach . 
  `` new jobs '' by your definition were created when old engines replaced horses , and jobs were destroyed when horses replaced people ( a few new jobs created too ) , and jobs were created when people replaced natural processes . 
  the innovations that you cite certainly did n't create `` new jobs '' per your own definition . 
   of the 3,200 gay french men the dating app hornet spoke to , one in five said they would be giving marine le pen their vote . 
  meh , there 's some self-selection going on there : 1 .
