  it could work : the dup 's local support in ni will suffer from a hard border because farming will take a severe hit . 
  they can claim a soft brexit is a win for their constituents . 
  the tories can blame the dup for softening the terms . 
  and arlene foster could easily take farage if it comes to a fight . 
  but there 's already been some dodgy money going to the dup brexit campaign , so i do n't expect them to behave in the interests of their voters . 
  it 's simon jenkins ffs . 
  i 'm not sure you can get more `` british establishment '' outside of buckingham palace . 
   we have n't put forward a lot because , as we know , there are differences within the cabinet about the sort of brexit that we are heading for and until those differences are further resolved i think it 's very difficult for us to have a clear position . 
  theresa may 's decision to call an election is at the root of this . 
  she thought she 'd come out with a strengthened position , but she ended up weaker and her cabinet is more divided . 
  the tories really are happy to sacrifice the uk public over internal party bickering . 
  they believe so strongly in their right to rule that in addition to foisting brexit on a divided country , they 're ready to fuck up the negotiations because they ca n't reach agreement among themselves . 
  hopefully they 'll catch the person who encouraged him . 
  that 's going to be a challenge . 
  you 're not doing much for croatian tourism . 
  nice !, 
  brought a smile to my grumpy face . 
  think bigger !, 
  is this a model for brexit ? 
  the uk is a member for 176 days of the year ( 48.2 % ) and is autonomous for the other 189 days of the year . 
  just put the membership days during ski and sun season , sorted . 
  l\u00fanasa ( or lughnasadh ) is the month that begins with the festival of the irish deity [ lugh ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lugh ) . 
  yeah my canadian friends rave about it . 
  i 've yet to have the pleasure but i 'll try this winter . 
  there are a few places in paris that do it . 
  [ jon snow knows nothing ] ( https://youtu.be/d_oaoeyeapk ), 
  [ poutine ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/poutine ) a canadian ... er ... delicacy . 
  fries , cheese curds , and gravy . 
  brrrrrrrrrrrr, 
  he wo n't get to choose though . 
  plus , it 's not like he 's a king or anything . 
  mmmmm so long as [ poutine ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/45/la_banquise_poutine.jpg ) is the answer , i do n't care what the question is . 
  trump favours brinkmanship in every interaction we 've seen so far . 
  the other thing about repeated games is that if players are n't going to hang around , the evolutionarily stable strategy of cooperation ceases to be dominant and defection is almost certain . 
  germany and the other member states are taking a united front in the negotiations . 
  nobody wants the uk to leave without a deal , but then again nobody wants the uk to leave in the first place . 
  all member states recognise that the continued integrity of the eu is worth more than striking short-term deals to appease a single trading partner . 
  i think eu popularity has been steadily increasing since last june . 
  as many brexiteers have told me , no deal just means wto regs . 
  everyone will be a bit worse off , but it 's not the end of the world . 
  certainly it 's not worth dismantling the single market simply to avoid defaulting to wto tariffs between eu and uk . 
  that would be barmy . 
  if that happens it will be illegal . 
  the eu is not going to drop decades of legislation and standards for the sake of the uk . 
  it 's a big market but it 's not that big . 
  the uk will either align with eu standards or stop exporting to the eu . 
  simple as . 
   likely looking at the uk as an easy way into the european market without having to deal with the eu that 's a complete non-starter . 
  anything that goes into the eu via the uk will have to meet the same standards and country of origin rules as if it went directly to the eu . 
  if that 's the case , there 's no point going via the uk . 
  hmmm , it might do , but it depends very much on the form of the crisis . 
  a crisis might also encourage the eurozone to seek a protectionist approach to the negotiations . 
  where would a euro crisis come from , and why would it improve the uk 's negotiating position ? 
  theresa may is in fact the most scintillating and charismatic british leader ever . 
  she had to pretend to be robotic to lose her majority - but she 's also the best ever actress so it was a walk in the park - and this minority government underpins the ` mock chaotic ' strategy of the government . 
  michael gove was on the back benches while he did a deep dive into the negotiating strategy ; now he 's back on cabinet to guide davis et al from the dept of the environment . 
  hammond 's apparent disagreements with bojo are another part of the elaborate plot , and all this talk of replacing may is designed to lull the eu into a false sense of security . 
  or perhaps it really is project chaos . 
   this was like asking the winners of a debating contest to engineer a spaceship . 
  very good analogy . 
  i do wonder sometimes if the apparent disarray of the cabinet is a calculated tactic . 
  kind of a good cop/bad cop/crazy cop/corrupt cop routine . 
  and our chalices . 
  the news should n't give details of mi5 's methodology . 
  mi5 should follow this methodology that i 'm describing on an internet forum . 
  there 's a huge amount of third level education in ireland , and the older universities are very tied into eu level research programmes . 
  i 'm not so sure about the newer institutions . 
  they 're mostly postgrad so they may want certainty about future research prospects . 
  anecdotally , there is a lot of concern among researchers that brexit will cut uk universities out of eu-funded networks and collaborative projects . 
  it might not happen of course , but if i was embarking on a phd , i 'd probably take the cautious route and go for an english speaking programme that 'll remain in the eu . 
  # 23,000 to # 30,000 for oxford , so difference depends on value of sterling . 
   surely you understand the difference being willing to go through pain in order to accomplish something . 
  and actively wanting pain to be inflicted just to `` teach them a lesson '' ? 
  and do n't forget the 50 % of over 65 leave voters who will accept job losses for themselves or family members for the sake of brexit !, 
  they 're not simply prepared to go through pain , they 're willing to have it inflicted on their family !!, 
  how noble !, 
   islimizing what ? 
  you mean islamizing ? 
  borderline ? 
  it 's full-blown retarded !, 
  the headline now reads  ## gay irish prime minister leo varadkar to challenge dup by attending belfast pride but it 's neither ` confront ' nor ` challenge ' to be honest . 
  the dup thrives on bigotry , but varadkar is demonstrating how irrelevant this bigotry is . 
  he 's paying them the appropriate insult by ignoring their antediluvian sensibilities . 
  ## gay irish prime minister leo varadkar to demonstrate irrelevance of dup by attending belfast pride, 
  ~ ~ flags ~ ~ flegs for northern ireland, 
  there are numbers going around whitehall and westminster . 
  they are realistic numbers . 
  this is mostly political theatre . 
  she backtracked dreadfully on some policies during the ge campaign . 
   from that date eu workers moving to the uk will have to register , at least until a permanent post-brexit immigration policy is put in place . 
  it 's a fudge . 
  they are keeping options open at this point . 
  there will be fom with caveats basically . 
  those caveats to be worked out when ukgov has its shit together . 
   i do n't think it 's by chance that the attack in november 2015 ( bataclan etc ) happened there . 
  the information about the attackers is freely available . 
  i do n't think ** any ** were from paris . 
  isis claims they singled out paris because it 's the antithesis of the sort of fundamentalist religious state they want . 
  what 's your explanation ? 
  france hosted the euros last year .
