  radical islamists will find things to take offense at anyway . 
  we should prioritize logically coherent secularism over the possibility of some group taking offense . 
  i 'll happily extend this to christians and jews and buddhists too . 
  a headscarf ban might fuel the fire , but if headscarves were permitted , the people who ** want ** to take offense will find some other reason . 
  this is n't proposing a halfway solution , it 's enforcing a 100-year-old legal doctrine of secularism that 's central to french republicanism . 
  no meaningful change perhaps , but it demonstrates how a european country can in principle enforce secularism in the public sphere without violating a person 's religious freedom . 
  this is a win for european secularism imo . 
  ^ edit : ^ typos, 
  season 2 is being shown on channel 4 in the uk currently . 
  it 's good . 
  very interesting article . 
  i do n't agree with her on much , but it 's clear to me that marine le pen is a talented politician . 
  having met some more traditional fn supporters last year in burgundy ( they were returning from a rally in paris ) , i 'm not sure how they 'd feel about gay comrades . 
  le pen will have a broad church to manage ... 
  * shrug *, 
  i 'm here in paris today . 
  you ? 
  :-) ) oh all right . 
  i 'll collect them this evening . 
  fair play to you . 
  i brought my kids into paris on sunday so they could see that life continues . 
  that 'll take quite a while . 
  you 'd need a lot of faith in your equipment . 
  exactly , these guys under house arrest have links to radical islam , but there 's no evidence that they 've done anything . 
   brits out eu nua, 
  use nails or go home . 
   france 's fn will be buoyed by trump 's win , so we may well see their exit from the union . 
  fn may be buoyed in the short term , but not enough to win the presidency . 
  then it depends on trump 's performance . 
  if his neo-protectionism is a success , the fn may benefit . 
  if it 's a failure , the fn may suffer . 
  rumour is that people are dying to avail of their services . 
  [ these guys ] ( http://www.ccl-ltd.co.uk/cornish-brie.html ) have been selling cornish brie without brexit . 
  it 's quite good . 
  no , tax them !, 
  think of all the ~ ~ pockets they could line ~ ~ public projects they could undertake !, 
  i hope those injured recover quickly . 
  rip those who passed . 
  france does n't control who goes to the uk , no . 
  that 's not the same as controlling its own territory . 
  meanwhile migrants who were already sleeping on the streets in paris are being relocated to my town . 
  red cross is managing the project , as far as i know . 
   did n't they allow some of the migrants to actually go to the uk after all ? 
  `` they '' being the uk , i understand they allowed some under 18s with family in the uk . 
  there was some discussion in the uk press about the under 18s being quite old looking . 
  i agree with that . 
  i do n't see how she can win next year , but '22 will be a different story . 
  geansa\u00eds * are n't anywhere near as good as the scandi noir though . 
  ^ * ^ sweater , ^ jumper , ^ knitted ^ top, 
  nah man america jumped the shark last season with trump getting the republican nomination . 
  never heard of her . 
  does this make it less or more likely to wound your upper palate ? 
  give them parachutes and drop them into the centre of isis 's remaining territory . 
  anyone else think this getup makes the woman look like a letterbox ? 
   manchester-born chris wright set up the epicerie de dienne as a shop-cum-cafe in a remote village in the mountainous cantal region of central france in june . 
   with dienne having less than 200 permanent residents , the self-taught cook was n't expecting crowds . 
  fair play to the guy ; i wish him continued success . 
  the interesting feature to this story is that a good chef can be successful even in a remote part of france if s/he provides quality food . 
   brittany is missing the germany part . 
  people with down syndrome have an extra copy of chromosome 21 . 
  i * think * walkers might even have a marmite flavour of crisps ... 
  quite simply , the choice for pepsico is to weaken sales by making walkers more expensive , or take the hit on profitability because of exchange rate changes . 
  investors understand the latter ; they 'd be more concerned about the former . 
  walkers [ already faces declining sales ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/retailandconsumer/11581694/soaring-snack-sales-spell-the-death-of-the-crisp.html ) so making themselves relatively more expensive than rival brands of locally produced crisps is likely to be a bad decision . 
  given that most of all of the inputs are available in local currency , it is an odd decision by walkers ( pepsico ) to weaken their competitiveness by becoming more expensive than their rivals . 
  some of it was still on the ground around melun when i passed through at lunchtime . 
  cadbury is owned by mondelez ( formerly kraft foods ) and heinz has always been american afaik . 
  [ deleted ] answer to my question was below . 
  swimming majestically along a canal of beer . 
  definitely the same guy with different lighting schemes . 
  he 's lit with a white light when in the uk ; orange light when in the us . 
  fools everyone . 
  not quite tropical . 
  i 'm guessing the range would be about 16 to 24 based on the azores . 
  pretty agreeable , but quite a lot of rainfall . 
  bit odd , given that britain can produce potatoes and vegetable oil . 
  i presume electricity price has n't increased ? 
  packaging and distribution maybe more expensive , but 10 % of the total price ? 
  sounds like gouging . 
  maybe gary lineker gets paid in dollars or euros ? 
  the uk really has gone full frigging retard . 
   is farage back to leading ukip ? 
  `` interim '' leader while the party tears itself apart . 
  i guess the us pre - clearance is the argument for that , though apart from looking at a few empty container repositioning problems i know little about ports . 
  i 've read the 1983 manifesto and it 's quite extreme for a major national party : nationalisation , unilateral nuclear disarmament , brexit , abolition of the house of lords . 
   ukip will never go for economically left wing policies . 
  they are very much economically liberal . 
  ukip did n't really have an economic policy , or much of any platform except leaving the eu . 
  they finally produced a manifesto for the last ge , but the woman who drafted it ( ex tory , quite talented iirc ) has been suspended from the party . 
  ukip 's performance as a `` political party '' is farcical . 
  britons will rediscover their pride in menial labour post-brexit . 
  the idea is to complement rotterdam , which is congested , rather than replace it . 
  i 'd have thought cork would make more sense , but limerick needs the boost this would bring . 
  a type of biscuit ? 
   came uncomfortably close to the charges intended to collapse the tunnel oh holy fuck ... 
  haf\u00fe\u00f3r j\u00fal\u00edus bj\u00f6rnsson would make a fine 2nd row . 
  that was a great game . 
  here it is on youtube if anyone wants to watch : https://youtu.be/9sfyw2drzvg, 
  lol . 
  i 'm saying nothing of the sort .
