  china detonated in 1988 after france in 1980 . 
  the us dropped their program in 1983 . 
  france 's independent program predates all of this . 
  yeah it 'd be a bit of shock if you just happened upon it when out for a stroll :-), 
  what ? 
  both the us and france built neutron bombs . 
  it 's been reduced to twice a year since 2013 . 
  some interesting opportunities for strategic voting . 
  both fillon and macron have a strong interest in facing le pen in the 2nd round . 
  with effective vote management , some portion of fillon 's supporters could be told to vote le pen to make sure she gets to the second round . 
  it 'd be more difficult for macron to attempt this . 
   unless , perhaps , ~ ~ germany ~ ~ russia invades and appoints le pen as imperial ~ ~ commissioner ~ ~ kommissar . 
  bit pessimistic i think . 
  concorde was developed without ec involvement . 
  found on / r/ireland posted by / u/fensterdj a bit of context : there 's a tradition in dublin for working class kids to keep ponies and horses . 
  here 's [ a piece from the late 90s ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/pony-kids-urban-cowboys-1069074.html ) discussing it . 
   it 's happening and that 's all there is to it . 
  quite seriously , i would n't have your confidence . 
  on balance i think it 's likely to happen , but governments fail and may 's majority is n't as watertight as she 'd like it to be . 
  the tories are on 329/650 , with another 9 from the dup + ukip . 
   does the eu even know what kind of trading relationship it wants with the uk in a post-brexit world ? 
  in my opinion , the eu will aim for as open a trading relationship as possible for goods . 
  there will already be additional costs incurred for everyone from the uk being outside the customs union , so i doubt the eu will want tariffs on either side . 
  the subject of services is more tricky , as there are certain financial services that the eu wants to have happen in the eu rather than in london . 
  i 'm not sure how this will pan out . 
  every attempt will be made to ensure that eu/uk citizens already in the uk/eu can remain there . 
  for future travel , i 'd guess a 3-month tourist visa waiver system will apply for eu citizens , and probably the common travel area between the uk and ireland . 
  [ paxman would 've handled that better . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyqnu6ywhr4 ), 
  i do n't see support for your claim . 
   the market is one of the biggest concentrations of industrial and trading power in the world . 
  its has vast resources of skill , experience and inventiveness . 
  skill , experience , and inventiveness . 
  not just goods to be traded then  the aims of the common market are :  to bring together the peoples of europe . 
  how , if not by allowing for freedom of movement ? 
   will parliament lose its power ? 
   no important new policy can be decided in brussels or anywhere else without the consent of a british minister answerable to a british government and british parliament . 
   the top decision-making body in the market is the council of ministers , which is composed of senior ministers representing each of the nine member governments . 
   it is the council of ministers , and not the market 's officials , who take the important decisions . 
  these decisions can be taken only if all the members of the council agree . 
  the minister representing britain can veto any proposal for a new law or a new tax if he considers it to be against british interests . 
  ministers from the other governments have the same right to veto . 
  it 's clear from this that there will be decisions to be taken in the future , i.e. 
  the ec/common market is * going to evolve * . 
   if we say ` no '  britain would no longer have any say in the future ** economic and political ** development of the common market . 
  people were informed that they were voting on more than a free trade agreement . 
  looking at his post wwii statements is enough . 
  his words suggest he was supportive of a european project and britain inside it . 
  i always suspected uncle quentin was some sort of 5th columnist . 
  in his famous zurich speech of 1946 , churchill said , ` we must build a kind of united states of europe . . 
  the structure of the united states of europe , if well and truly built , will be such as to make the material strength of a single state less important . . 
  if at first all the states of europe are not willing or able to join the union , we must nevertheless proceed to assemble and combine those who will and those who can . ' at london 's albert hall , in may 1947 , just a few months after his zurich speech , churchill spoke as chairman and founder of the united europe movement to ` present the idea of a united europe in which our country will play a decisive part . . ' churchill argued that britain and france should be the , ` founder-partners in this movement ' and concluded , ` britain will have to play her full part as a member of the european family ' . 
  in may 1948 churchill said in the opening speech to the congress of europe in holland , that the drive towards a united europe , 's hould be a movement of the people , not parties ' . 
  churchill , who also proposed a european ` charter ' and ` court ' of human rights , continued , ` we aim at the eventual participation of all the peoples throughout the continent whose society and way of life are in accord with the charter of human rights . ' more at http://eu-rope.ideasoneurope.eu/2013/11/10/winston-churchill-a-founder-of-the-european-union/, 
  citation needed . 
  no , you signed up to a community with four fundamental economic freedoms . 
  one of those freedoms is the main reason you 're dropping out . 
  each time i explain the three separate areas that need to be addressed , you make some vague statement about the border . 
  by all means proceed with brexit , but do so without jeopardising the gfa . 
  the hubris of the tories never ceases to amaze me . 
  seriously , you 're sleepwalking into a constitutional crisis . 
  the echr underpins the gfa . 
  may has promised to repudiate the echr . 
  the other parties wo n't work with foster , but she shows no sign of stepping down . 
  either this means direct government from westminster or a change in the power balance in ni , in which case opposition to brexit will ratchet up significantly . 
  once you leave the customs union , a border is unavoidable on both sides . 
  yeah pleasantly surprised . 
   the gilding federation of australia ? 
  it might as well be , for all the attention the british government is giving it :-(, 
  most british people have n't a rashers about the gfa , the echr , or even the ni border implications of exiting the single market . 
  they 're sleepwalking into a constitutional crisis in northern ireland . 
  interesting that you were so involved . 
  you must be very emotionally invested in the whole deal . 
  is this on ideological grounds ? 
  or do you stand to benefit personally/professionally from brexit ? 
  i 'm less surprised now by some of your earlier statements vis a vis reshaping uk society under the cover of brexit . 
   i am incredibly proud of them . 
  that 's nice , though it come across as quite patronising . 
  it 's interesting that you use `` they '' instead of `` we '' , almost as though you were aloof from it all . 
  my thoughts are with their families . 
  i thought they 'd three and a half years to run , taking them post brexit and into the transitional agreement , the new fta , or singapore 2.0 . 
  again with the limited view of social contract = welfare ... have you not read your own liberal philosophers ? 
  i agree that a democracy should allow such changes ; where i disagree is that such changes be brought in surreptitiously hidden by brexit . 
  you want to change the social contract ? 
  fine , get elected on that platform , but do n't use a very narrow majority in a referendum on an external relationship as your justification . 
  that would n't be democratic . 
   you jailed us for facebook posts , now you can get a turn in jail for sedition . 
  lol . 
  i 've caught a live one !, 
  what weird little battle is playing out in your imagination ? 
  who am i that i 'm jailing people for facebook posts ? 
  why am i going to jail for sedition ? 
  are you high ? 
  i care about the uk because i have family and friends there . 
   translation :  \\  muh benefits translation : muh i 'm out of my depth . 
  i understand you 're trying to be funny , but you 'll have to do better than that . 
  a social contract is about a lot more than benefits . 
  it also concerns employment conditions , the relationship between the individual and the state , the treatment of corporations , rights to organise , electoral rules , and so on . 
  the model represented by singapore is not simply a place where people have fewer benefits , but a place where people have fewer rights . 
   according to the article each one percentage point reduction in corporation taxes reduces income for the government by # 2 billion you have a single unified rate of 20 % and this brings in about 44 billion , so a 1 % decrease would reduce revenue by 2.2 billion .
