  i had school french , but spending an entire day in meetings speaking and listening was a big challenge . 
  i 'd come home from days like that with a major headache just from concentrating hard all day . 
  but it gradually got easier and even though my french is far from elegant , i can get by fairly effortlessly these days . 
  aw shucks you guys !, 
  there 's no rush . 
  look it 's lovely outside !, 
   i 'd go eastern europe cheerio !, 
  i was flying over this area regularly in the late 90s and had the privilege to observe the progress on the bridge . 
  it really is an amazing feat of engineering . 
  does she have blossom in her basket ? 
  i love her cape/jacket . 
  i mean what those inside must 've experienced , but whatevs . 
  over 15 years and as little as possible , especially when the weather is nice . 
  i work in software research and development . 
   that 's so dumb though . 
  it 's like renewing marriage vows i guess . 
  i highly recommend france as a place with good work/life balance , decent conditions for raising kids , and really smart colleagues who take pride in their work . 
  the food is excellent , and the weather can be fantastic . 
  i shudder every time i see pictures of that building on fire . 
  unimaginable . 
   today he was demanding that that the government seize properties of the rich that 's completely disingenuous . 
  what he said was :  `` properties must be found , requisitioned if necessary , in order to make sure those residents do get rehoused locally . '', 
  one of my kids pointed out that trump is basically president business : the hair , the tacos , the voice . 
  i thought that was insightful for a 10yo . 
   i do n't believe they are in favor of how the eu has changed since we entered if the eu has changed so much * since you entered * , perhaps the problem is not the eu per se ? 
  it 's only a matter of time before we get # * fully automated *, 
  i 'd guess they 're currently shopping around for the highest bidder , whether on the soft or hard side . 
   maybe they should try google . 
    the government will prioritise securing the freest and most frictionless trade ... 
  the problem with that white paper is that it was published by a * previous * government . 
  you might remember it ? 
  the conservative party had a majority ( albeit small ) and was n't reliant on a bunch of creationist reactionaries to prop it up in parliament . 
   take it or leave it . 
  lol . 
  i 'll take a glass of whatever arlene foster 's having . 
  as will you . 
  but are you penguin ? 
  not your acquaintance , stranger . 
  [ explained here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/don%27t_look_back_in_anger#manchester_arena_bombing )  oasis had formed in manchester , england , in 1991 , and following the manchester arena bombing after an ariana grande concert on may 22 , 2017 -- a terrorist attack that killed 22 people -- the song was used by the people of manchester in remembrance of the victims and to show the city 's spirit . 
  where are they now ? 
  this last season , zidane 's real madrid won : la liga uefa champions league uefa super cup fifa club world cup materazzi 's chennaiyin fc in 2016 came 4th in their group ( of 5 ) in the indian super league ... 
  not everything has to be a detraction ? 
  point 1 is simply pointing out that the delay is on the uk side . 
  point 2 highlight an irony or unintended consequence . 
  i ca n't watch the video right now , but targeting sikh girls strikes me as odd . 
  are n't sikh families usually quite strict and traditional ? 
  in the case of rotherham , my impression was that it was mostly young women from difficult living situations ( foster care , uninterested parent ) who were targeted . 
  i worked at a bmw plant in the late 80s on an assembly line . 
  there was a vending machine in the break room that sold beer , and beer on tap at the cafeteria . 
  some colleagues would have a beer at 1st break , beer with their meal , then a final beer at 2nd break . 
  would work out at 1.5 litres during their working day , never mind what they drank after . 
  not sure if this sort of thing still goes on . 
  thx , have an internet point . 
  mmmm cabbage . 
  friend of mine has a t-shirt that reads * i 'm a savage for bacon and cabbage * . 
  yep , then you end up regulating for the particular and not the general . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  my favourite building to visit . 
   near criminal activity she performed on him and taking advantage of him at a young age . 
  if you 're aware of impropriety with a minor you should contact the police and not make a joke out of it for imaginary internet points . 
  c'mon folks , she 's spent the last few days hanging out the dup for feck 's sake !, 
  you ca n't blame her if she wants to have a bit of a dance now she 's out of the country !, 
  yes , i know a few who 'll go there . 
  :-) the wikipedia rabbit hole, 
  i 'll talk to my kids !, 
   i mean , the pound 's been dropping . 
  i 'd think that if your concern is cost , that you 'd want to be heading to britain . 
  no , the exact risk is that fees of currently ~ 9k per year will treble to ~ 27k per year in 2019 . 
   i never understood why theresa may was so against human rights legislation [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abu_hamza_al-masri ) in particular managed to fight an 8-year battle against deportation . 
  theresa may appears to have taken it personally and would prefer to have human rights legislation that allows her to override principles in certain cases . 
  [ david maxwell fyfe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_maxwell_fyfe,_1st_earl_of_kilmuir ) , a tory politician , was one of the leading members of the committee that drafted the convention . 
  request an extension ? 
  it 's better than crashing out entirely . 
  the election was about more than simply brexit , but the end result is that neither of the big parties has a mandate . 
  like i said in a comment above , your society is deeply divided and it 's hard to see where you can go from here to achieve greater cohesion . 
  after becoming leader , may played the `` us against them '' card a lot in the context of discussion with the eu . 
  this seemed to sway public opinion behind her in the run up to the election , but then people got to see her perform as a campaigner . 
  it turns out she 's a bit of a liability , and she 's now got a massive dissatisfaction rating . 
  europhile mps on both sides are exerting more influence than they could have hoped to before the election , and the tories are looking very wobbly with support from a very ambiguous party of religious fundamentalists . 
  because there 's no clear mandate , it does n't matter that both parties went into the election with a pledge . 
  the tories promised all sorts of shite in their manifesto , but little of it is going to happen now that the dup have them over a barrel . 
  we will see what happens , but i would n't be surprised with some sort of interim arrangement that keeps the uk in something like the eea ( possibly with a deal like liechtenstein 's on volume of immigration ) for 5 years after 2019 . 
   referendum on he results of negotiations under article 50 ? 
  negotiate two scenarios . 
   if the public reject the deal make it binary , like the original question . 
   both manifestos made the pledge and neither won a mandate . 
   britain being 5th or 6th biggest economy in the world is n't really the issue , it is being one of the eus top export destinations ( and vice versa ) that should drive both parties to get the mess sorted asap . 
  in fairness , the eu has been ready to begin work on getting the mess sorted for some time already . 
   britain pushed for the enlargement of the eu and this is a big factor for why britain is now leaving , afaics . 
  did free movement pose much of a problem from 1973-2003 ? 
   people are trying to spin this election as a vote against ~ ~ brexit ~ ~ hard brexit i 'd guess because may specifically set up her tent in the hard brexit camp and then failed to get the strong mandate she sought ? 
  corbyn , on the other hand , said that ' a deal was better than no deal ' , but also failed to get a mandate . 
  the bottom line is that uk society is deeply divided and has been since last june . 
  imo a cross-party team should negotiate options ( hard/soft ) for brexit , then bring these options to a referendum in 18-22 months . 
   between brexit and the pig thing he had had enough i almost feel sorry for him to see his legacy summed up that way ... 
  almost but not quite ... 
   this guy has been in the game for years !, 
  he 's an interdimensional being who travels through time to contest all uk general elections at once . 
  i have anecdotal evidence from a few international schools in the paris area that applications to the uk are down 30 % -50 % on last year . 
  these ( bilingual or trilingual ) students are looking to other eu countries where undergraduate classes are taught in english .
