  these are two different things : * refuse to send . 
  * oblige to come . 
  these are two different things : * refuse to send . 
  * oblige to come . 
   a substantial part of the french lives perennially obsessed with the uk and the us i 'm not so sure about that . 
  there 's strong appreciation of different aspects of british and american culture , but i 've never remarked on an * obsession * with the day-to-day stuff that 's going on in britain or the us . 
   almost all currency in the world are backed up by the usd . 
  what do you think that means in tangible terms ? 
  that there 's a fixed rate of exchange ? 
  when a currency was backed by the gold standard , the government guaranteed that a unit of that currency could be exchanged for a fixed amount of gold . 
  the usd does n't play that role for any * floating * currency . 
  no , but vermont does n't grant citizenship . 
  if the eu federalises to the extent that troops could be sent into a warzone by the eu parliament , it would make a lot of sense to have those troops be members of a specifically eu army , with a command structure that 's separate from national armies . 
  conceivably the governor of vermont could refuse to send the vermont national guard . 
  there 's no quick and easy solution that 's consistent with the values we seek to defend . 
  anyone got an idea of what percentage of jobs this represents ? 
  83k out of 1m would be quite worrying , out of 3m it 'd be less so . 
  pay wall . 
  but i presume from the title that the venezuelans have started shipping people off to concentration camps based on religious identity ? 
  r/europe : `` that 's a very nice parliament building . '', 
  r/iceland : `` aw shucks , this althing ? '', 
  i hope she married elsewhere ? 
  dubh linn ( dark or black pool ) is the origin of dublin . 
  baile \u00c1tha cliath translates as the `` town of the hurdled ford '' . 
  from what i understand , the black pool was at one point on the river liffey and the ford was less than a kilometre away . 
  dubh linn was the name for the viking settlement , and \u00c1th cliath was where a nearby monastic settlement was established . 
  we kept dublin as a name in english , but because there was a pre-existing irish name it was maintained . 
  i read this a few years back : [ male holocaust survivors lived longer than those who escaped europe ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2013/09/male-holocaust-survivors-lived-longer-than-those-who-escaped-europe/279462/ ) more generally , it appears that surviving some period of near starvation can have a very positive contribution to longevity . 
  tehran is a serious party town behind closed doors . 
  truckloads of drugs too . 
   she got the nod probably because she said the kids would be raised muslim same deal with catholics generally . 
  not that they promise to raise the kids muslim , but that they promise to raise them catholic . 
  why just startups ? 
  there are plenty of established companies doing ai projects . 
  i know of a bunch in france , switzerland , and germany . 
   in the netherlands it is a bike maker but of course . 
  if all the lads who are so worried about ethnic changes would simply find a lass to have babies with , they 'd spend less time worried about ethnic changes . 
  but maybe more time changing nappies . 
   you quite literally have no understanding of the situation on the ground . 
  fuck off pal . 
  i grew up in ireland durin the troubles and i 've lived in france for years . 
  i know exactly what 's going on `` on the ground '' . 
   you want to keep society open and liberal ? 
  why then are conservatives openly and gleefully suppressed by the liberals across europe ? 
  that 's your american stuff you 're trying to bring over here . 
  i 'm not interested . 
   how could the islamists possibly win ? 
  by forcing us to change our society . 
  alright so !, 
   my guess is that we will still be dealing with the long tail in another 20 years time . 
  seems realistic but i do n't get why people are alarmed . 
  he also says that the uk is 20 years into it . 
  the islamists have n't won after 20 years ; they wo n't win in another 20 . 
  meanwhile we try to keep society as open and liberal as possible . 
  what will these deals look like , per you ? 
  what trade partners ? 
  what goods traded ? 
  in fruit and vegetables , who will the uk 's main future trading partners be ? 
  cool !, 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  it 's only a burden because it 's on the wrong back ;-), 
  it 's funny because derry is in ireland too ? 
  `` eire '' is a burden or a load to carry . 
  `` a bit cranberry '' ? 
  i do n't know this idiom . 
  yes i 've read several times about quality concerns . 
  we remember him with the greatest honour that we can bestow : a [ brand of chocolates ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/leonidas_ ( chocolate_maker ) ) . 
  china 's steel industry expanded massively for years and is unsustainable in the current domestic chinese slowdown . 
  to try to prop it up , china has been selling steel internationally at very low prices - probably below a realistic cost of production . 
  the eu is refusing to play ball because ( 1 ) it will hurt the eu steel industry and ( 2 ) china needs to address the problem of its own excessively large steel production and not push that problem onto world markets . 
  tl ; dr : brexit is a shitstorm in the centre of a turd tornado surrounded by a hurricane of faeces . 
  i just brought my cat to the vet . 
  he is quite miffed with me . 
  he 's got a sweet af [ european passport ] ( http://www.dogjaunt.com/files/2013/12/cover-4.jpg ) though . 
  is n't poland using some term for calculus ? 
  when i studied this we had the general category of ` calculus ' , that subdivided into ` differentiation ' and ` integration ' . 
  it was a long time ago however . 
  my wife told me about this story . 
  it 's great to see these traditions have been revitalised . 
  she definitely said it to the nurse , who was in tears on live tv . 
  i 'm well aware how callous may is , and how quickly a magic money tree sprouted in norn iron . 
  there 's a user on here / u/trucidator , who was rather proud of the ` magic money tree ' phrase and said that it tested very well in focus groups . 
  have n't seen him post since the election . 
   the mosque is controversial . 
  ms ates has received hundreds of death threats from extremists , mainly from turkey and the arab world . 
  some were sparked by a fake news report on turkish tv , showing pictures of the koran being trodden on in her mosque . 
  in fact , she says , the koran was thrown on the floor and stepped on by the turkish journalists who came to the mosque to film the report . 
  wow , what shitty journalists !, 
  yes , and unfortunately the extremists have the upper hand now because they can simply block any progress in the negotiations and wait for the uk to crash out without a deal . 
  i agree that may bid for autonomy within her own party - a big enough majority that she could plot her own course . 
  do you seriously think the french security forces are n't infiltrating mosques and other muslim groups ? 
  i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  some jihadi groups form around mosques , but some form in prison or elsewhere . 
  some individuals get radicalised on the internet . 
   in custody , he said he wanted to commit `` an attack against a soldier and had been in contact with a member of the jihadist group islamic state who encouraged him to take action , '' a separate source told afp . 
  i sometimes feel sorry for may until i remember her hubris in calling the early election . 
  it seems like she 's trying to find a compromise between the sensible voices like hammond and the scorched earth brexiteers who want to crash out of the eu and bugger the consequences . 
  almost # 800 billion, 
  this is the key point :  the dup should fight for a single market and an open border . 
  for once , it is in a parliamentary position to make a british government listen to it .
