  so brexy it hurts . 
  and i 'm too brexy for milan . 
  too brexy for milan , new york , and japan . 
  i 'm too brexy for your party , too brexy for your party . 
  no way i 'm disco dancing . 
  armed insurrection against hm government ... `` oh i 'll don khaki and pick up a rifle '' ... yeah nige , you 've thought this one through alright . 
  lol no . 
  he will do some cycling training in school but not until next year . 
  thus your experience of the border is based on what you 've read or heard from others . 
  you should read some of the other comments in this thread - the border was significant until the early 90s . 
   if you 're going to moan about the military checkpoints not sure where i was `` moaning '' . 
  you claimed `` there was no hard border until the eu stuck its beak in '' , and i contradicted you . 
  did you ever cross the border in the 70s or 80s or even the early 90s ? 
  i 'm very impressed with macron 's approach so far . 
  marine le pen had a [ similar policy ] ( http://www.lci.fr/elections/debat-second-tour-presidentielle-2017-marine-le-pen-fn-souhaite-taxer-l-embauche-des-salaries-etrangers-mais-que-cache-cette-mesure-2025494.html ) . 
   the military checkpoints were there once irish groups started funding and supplying terrorist organisations murdering uk citizens . 
  lol , passive aggressive much ? 
  let 's be honest here . 
  nobody in britain gave a second thought to the ni border prior to brexyref . 
  now it 's obvious that something has to be done , so the shills seek to deflect blame onto the eu . 
  i remember customs checkpoints and military checkpoints through the 70s and early 80s . 
   i 'd note that there was n't a hard border in ni before the eu got involved what do you mean `` before the eu got involved '' ? 
  before uk and ireland joined the eec ? 
  there was a hard border . 
  i crossed it many times . 
  it 's from living above sea level . 
  it 's a legal requirement for children under 12 to wear a helmet in france since march 22nd this year . 
  i ask my kids to wear them always - my younger son had a crash last year and the helmet probably saved him from a much worse concussion than the one he experienced . 
  who said `` only '' germany benefits ? 
   we move from broad generalised care to data driven individual care with the assistance of machine learning and other statistical models this . 
  already there have been very successful applications of machine learning and related technologies to tailor treatment in , for example , chemotherapy . 
  some really promising results but if the data are n't available ( anonymized of course ) , this will never be as successful as it could be . 
  have you seen who 's in charge in the us of a ? 
  in this case , the bbc is specifically talking about the french right because the french right has been criticizing macron for taking its members . 
   some 170 elected officials from the right were earlier criticised by hundreds of other lawmakers after they signed a statement backing mr macron . 
   one accused mr macron of `` blowing up '' the political landscape . 
  macron said he would do this . 
  it 's in his interest to attract as many supporters on the right as possible because they are likely to do better in the legislative elections than the left . 
  if you bothered to read the article , you might not feel so victimized . 
  i felt unjustifiably proud of myself for understanding the pun in german . 
  okay , so what i 'd generally call a ` consultant ' . 
  i guess there 's no reason not to have them on a zero-hour contract , though i 'm not sure they 'd accept it if they had plenty of demand for their time . 
  out of interest , what jobs pay # 50 + / hr on zero-hour contracts ? 
   inflation , which will return to their target of 2 % within a few years . 
  how will that happen ? 
  the calculation for germany is whether the downward drag on the euro provided by the economically weaker member states is enough of a trade advantage to warrant additional contribution to an eu budget . 
  it 's not beyond human ingenuity to model this trade-off , which presumably is what will happen . 
  all the moralizing is pointless ; this is a question of trade . 
  germany needs the advantages of the euro and is getting them too cheaply at present . 
  and `` dear '' in english can mean both `` expensive '' and `` cherished '' . 
  fair play to him . 
   up to them if they want to release ~ ~ their own ~ ~ ^ israel 's secrets to the russians . 
  yeah it 's not really up to them . 
   only let in when leaks are okay to happen what ? 
  the council leaks all the time . 
  either a team works in complete secrecy and the council will have serious difficulty accepting the deal because there wo n't have been any iterations with the member states , or the deal is worked out publicly . 
  keeping a lid on news from negotiations that involve 27 + 1 countries is impossible . 
   it is very limiting in negotiation-strategies if every single word you say is under public scrutiny . 
  true , but coordinating ` secret ' negotiations among 27 + 1 parties is a fool 's errand . 
  it 's difficult enough to conduct secret negotiations between two parties . 
  the probability of a leak when dealing with 27 + 1 is extremely high . 
  it 's a balance of attracting new voters while keeping the old guard . 
  marion could pull in the old guard in the south east who used to support jmlp , whereas marine is quite focused on the north east ( actually the ` north west ' eu parliament constituency ) . 
  til that jm lp is [ domo-kun ] ( http://hd.wallpaperswide.com/thumbs/domo_kun-t2.jpg ), 
  this explains all those really long extension cords along the french borders with belgium and germany . 
   the military commander , capt. 
  nils mesterton , said later that he believed the demonstrators carried weapons since he heard shots as well as seeing some of the mounted patrol bleeding . 
  ah the classic excuse from a military officer who has opened fire on civilians . 
  the `` protestors were armed '' but then the guns mysteriously disappeared . 
  why do you want to be `` tough on refugees '' ? 
  tough on economic migrants maybe . 
  oh great . 
  these demography threads always turn out to be edifying , polite , well researched , and intelligent, 
   blowing up city centres and massacring civilians ? 
  like the bombs in dublin and monaghan that uk state employees helped to build ? 
   ` progressiveness ' is a failed , fleeting ideology and is being increasingly rejected . 
  lol . 
  most `` progressive '' values of my youth are now enshrined in law through much of europe . 
   the unionists will have to engage in making the long term economic case for the region remaining in the uk yeah , i 'm looking forward to seeing the north antrim dairy farmers ( and dup voters ) get to grips with a post-eu market where westminster does n't care much if at all about them . 
  the might start questioning the wisdom of voting for a party that has effectively sold them out . 
  dude it was katrina from katrina and the waves . 
  she 's american but represented the uk back in the 90s and won eurovision . 
  she also had a bit of success in the 80s with walking on sunshine . 
  i ca n't imagine the depth of cynicism required to attack a healthcare provider . 
  for fuck 's sake what the fuck like ? 
  what 's funny is y' all construe this as cannes being evclusive rather than netflix seeking a lock in . 
  think about it for more than 30 seconds . 
   but in fact you can subscribe , watch the movie and immediately unsubscribe for the price of theatre ticket . 
  plus the cost of my time subscribing and unsubscribing , not to mention the strong possibility that i 'll forget . 
  netflix is betting on some inertia to keep customers subscribed . 
  cannes is refusing to play ball with the netflix honey trap . 
  the room , the display , and the sound system are all aspects of cinematography . 
  so is the experience of watching a movie with a crowd of people . 
  i think the cinema industry has made a real achievement in keeping bricks and mortar buildings going . 
  in fact , this has been partly via streaming initiatives ( opera or ballet being live broadcast ) . 
  i find cinema popcorn to be pretty meh . 
  netflix should make it possible to access cannes short-listed films on a pay-per-view basis , without tying you to the netflix platform . 
  that 's the real story here - netflix wants to lock people in . 
  what happens if hbo , amazon , and hulu do the same ? 
  we end up with half the content at a film festival requiring different streaming subscriptions ?
