   `` fairer '' who decides what is fairer ? 
  there 's a clear definition of what constitutes meritocracy . 
  no need to head off on a red scare tangent . 
   with the end of european union membership , ( greening ) said , it would become an economic necessity to make better use of all young people 's abilities . 
  that would be a very welcome outcome of brexit . 
  let 's hope the tories pay more than lip service to the idea . 
  quite similar here ( south of paris ) . 
  the magnolias and cherry blossom were at their peak last week , the apple blossom and pear blossom are at their best this week , lilacs are visible but have not opened yet . 
    she 'd use it to exert moral pressure on london . 
   which she ca n't do legally what ? 
  of course she can . 
  or are you saying that she ca n't organise a referendum legally ? 
  she 'll just call it something else - like a citizens ' consultation or something . 
   she 's used her last trump card remindme !, 
  18 months . 
  i think she has several more moves planned . 
  organising a referendum ! = declaring independence unilaterally . 
  she 'd use it to exert moral pressure on london . 
  yes . 
  i 'm hoping for some sort of ` special economic zone ' to allow cross-border activity to continue . 
  otherwise the dairy industry is in trouble on both sides of the border . 
  this is the quotation i could find :  `` the negotiations must first clarify how we will disentangle our interlinked relationship , '' the german chancellor said in berlin . 
  `` only when this question is dealt with can we -- hopefully soon after -- begin talking about our future relationship . '' this was interpreted by the uk press as `` merkel refuses may 's request for parallel talks '' , but it could be understood as `` we need to begin exit talks first , agree on the principles , then we can talk about the future '' . 
   anything is better than central planning and the government owning everything . 
  not sure why you 're supporting the fn in that case . 
  they 're significantly more * dirigiste * than the mainstream parties in france . 
   are now mostly treated like shit by the rest of their country . 
  i lived in lille * for several years , but i never got the impression that the rest of france treated lille as badly as the rest of belgium treats wallonia . 
  ( * great city by the way . 
  lovely people . ), 
   different reason but same cause : not enough trust . 
    i have to re-look again about what i posted previously yeah i think it was france asking the us not to spy on france , rather than vice versa . 
  the request will be ignored . 
  sturgeon will reiterate it several times . 
  at some point late next year she 'll say `` enough is enough . 
  we need to organise our own referendum without waiting for permission . '', 
   no , they have no legal ability to do so without the uk government authorising it i reckon sturgeon will go ahead and organise one without westminster 's permission . 
  it 's the logical move . 
  the steep roof lets snow slide off before it builds up and gets so heavy that the roof collapses . 
  and on the 7th day they rested . 
  may he sedition hush , and like a torrent rush , rebellious scots to crush . 
  god save the queen !, 
   dude , there were dozens of attacks a year dozens of attacks on pubs in britain ? 
  no there were n't . 
  you 're explaining the surveillance society in the uk based on incidents in 1974 . 
  but what have you done for me recently ? 
  the continuance of your aristocracy shouts louder than your potted history of rights dispersal among the powerful . 
  i never said a `` unique authority '' , just ~ ~ obsequiousness ~ ~ obedience to authority . 
  you 're saying that some pub bombings in 1974 are the basis for the british public 's acquiescence to being the most heavily monitored people in europe , and about third in the world after north korea and singapore . 
  let 's think about this . 
  when did mass surveillance start ? 
  the telecoms bill of 1984 ( iirc ) . 
  so 10 years after pub bombings that affected two towns in britain . 
  when did mass surveillance get ratcheted up ? 
  off the top of my head there were bills in 1990 , 1996 , 2000 , and 2004 . 
  are you really saying that events in two towns in 1974 made british people compliant with the constant erosion of civil and privacy rights over 1990-2004 ? 
  again , that 's barmy . 
  were you even born in 1974 ? 
  til that germany = `` most continental countries '' . 
  the british lower classes have , by and large , obeyed their betters and they continue to do so . 
  look at your ruling party . 
  have fewer spies ? 
  fucked if i know . 
  do n't really care either . 
   i did n't say `` the second a bombing occurred mass surveillance began '' no , but you very clearly do n't know much about the ira pub bombings if you really think that explains acquiescence to surveillance . 
  brave shopkeeper . 
  hope the cowardly fucks who attacked him get done for attempted murder . 
   we have less of a fear of our government . 
  you also have a stronger tradition of obedience to authority than most continental countries . 
   when you live under the looming threat of your pub being bombed , knowing gchq might be looking at private details does n't seem such a big deal the pub bombings in britain happened in 1974 . 
  mass surveillance did n't really start until the 1980s . 
  if the uk wo n't share , the eu wo n't have a choice . 
  does n't matter if it takes 10 years or 100 years . 
  like i said , it 's a good way to start making gchq irrelevant . 
   a good way to start, 
  amber rudd : an idiot in search of a village . 
  cameron should be remembered for making the tories electable again , for dealing an almost fatal blow to the libdems , and for several socially progressive pieces of legislation . 
  instead , he 's the equivalent of the trojan guy who decided it 'd be a good idea to roll the big wooden horse inside the city gates just before nightfall . 
  seems like a good way to start making british intelligence services less relevant to the rest of europe . 
  some strategically placed explosives around ballyshannon and donegal could become ( mostly ) an island in its own right . 
  no , i mean how will the trade deal for nz butter be better than the current terms with nz ? 
  and does n't the uk produce plenty of butter anyway ? 
  this is the same politician who recently said :  [ it was `` completely unacceptable '' that the government could not read messages protected by end-to-end encryption ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/26/intelligence-services-access-whatsapp-amber-rudd-westminster-attack-encrypted-messaging ) because , y' know , we should be building encryption systems that are accessible to the good guys ... 
   may might try to use the uk 's security engagement in europe as a bargaining chip that would be a very cynical approach , imo . 
  yep , it 's in the current government 's sights . 
  the 0.7 % target is particularly galling to some tories . 
   trade deals will us/can/aus / nz will kick in to help the consumer . 
  what will you trade with the us/can/aus / nz that will help the consumer ? 
  how will the trade deal be better than current terms ? 
   why would european companies be encouraged to buy british gas turbines , chemicals or iron products , if they can get german or french ones , within the common market ? 
  i 've been wondering about this since last june . 
  even without any tariffs , british products will have to be very attractively priced to compete from outside the common market . 
   it 's another example of how london is actually a hostage to incredible freedoms that the european union has granted to its members -- and yet it fails to acknowledge that . 
  i 'd say `` westminster '' rather than `` london '' , because i think that the capital city has acknowledged repeatedly that it benefits from and would prefer to retain eu membership . 
  maybe some younger academics and researchers will leave , depending on how joint research projects with the eu pan out . 
  i 've read about a lot of projects that could be jeopardized if no deal is reached , and for some of the leads on these projects it will make sense to move to an eu location to continue working . 
  reconstruct the gaelic overkingdom of [ d\u00e1l riata ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%c3%a1l_riata ) 2 . 
  ni reunites with roi in eu , taking the rest of d\u00e1l riata with it . 
  mighty craic to be had by all . 
  southern ireland = the people 's republic of cork and the kingdom of kerry .
