  it 's a far cry from 200 . 
  true , but there is a video of the operation and there are lots of people filming with their phones . 
  does n't it seem odd that there 's zero footage of the 200 youths attacking the police ? 
  yes , i 'm aware of his comments as they were discussed on here . 
  at the risk of repeating myself , i 've seen little evidence , just the video that shows a crowd gathered with a few troublemakers but most people just watching the police operation . 
  maybe there were 200 youths attacking police , maybe he 's exaggerating . 
   the two most wanted men in belgium casually walked in a major airport do you mean ibrahim el bakraoui and najim laachraoui ? 
  i 'm not certain laachraoui has been named as being in the airport , just his dna was found on the abandoned explosives ( it 's likely he 's a bomb tech for the group ) . 
  i read that his bomb failed to detonate . 
   were there reports or inquiries into the failings of the government/security services ? 
  yes , there 's some interesting commentary on the report in the [ nyt recently ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/20/world/europe/a-view-of-isiss-evolution-in-new-details-of-paris-attacks.html?_r=0 ) . 
  basically the terrorists have developed better skills over the years and they 've become better at avoiding being tracked . 
  lots of burner telephones to avoid detection , for example . 
  there are multiple obvious issues , some of which might be impossible to deal with : * open borders - abdeslam was able to move all over the continent several times in the run up to the paris attacks . 
  * security failings - people who should have been flagged at borders were not identifieid . 
  * better forged papers used by the terrorists . 
  * too many islamists and not enough security officers to keep track of them . 
  * explosives made with very simple ingredients ; these were volatile explosives but the attackers managed not to kill themselves before they chose to . 
  there 's a bomb-making place in belgium or france that has n't been found yet . 
  * heavy weaponry purchased within eu . 
  * money trail - i have n't seen enough about this and i 'd like to understand more . 
  i do n't understand your point ? 
  the writer states `` nobody will say that immigration and integration pose a problem '' , but in fact lots of people have said that since january 2015 . 
  if you go back to the london and madrid bombings last decade i 'm sure you can find plenty of people who were saying it in the aftermath of those attacks . 
  [ the koala brothers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwmicwtsqzo ) . 
   saudi arabia and qatar both widely fund wahhabism around the islamic world . 
  this is a problem that goes back to the late 1980s and it 's everywhere . 
  to deal with foreign funding of mosques , european countries will have to impose other ways of funding ( a tax on halal food is a suggestion in france ) . 
  they 'll also have to establish a method to ` certify ' imams . 
  it 's unpalatable to have state involvement in religion , but a laissez faire approach is not working . 
   related to islamists . 
  or drugs . 
  i 've seen little evidence of `` 200 people '' throwing things at the police . 
  i 've seen a video that shows about 200 lollygaggers , but only a handful of them are causing trouble . 
  most are simply watching the spectacle . 
  no , she 's a professional commentator/blogger , based in the us . 
  she was a cheerleader for the second iraq war and basically makes her living from being * controversial * . 
  american neo-con commentator who makes a career out of controversy is fed up having her twitter feed populated by sad images and wants tintin to get out there and shoot some muslims . 
  i understand where you 're coming from , but punishing one adult for the actions of another is contrary to our ideas of justice and responsibility . 
  [ dialect versus language . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2014/02/economist-explains-8 ), 
  interesting note in [ the guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2016/mar/23/brussels-attacks-police-search-airport-bomb-suspect-live ) :  ten years ago , us military intelligence officials in iraq identified having a close family member already involved as the greatest predictor of an individual becoming involved in violent militancy , islamic or otherwise . 
   ...  research by new america , a nonpartisan thinktank in the united states , showed that more than a quarter of western fighters have a familial connection to jihad , whether through relatives who are also fighting in syria and iraq , through marriage or through some link to other jihads or terrorist attacks . 
  apart from pissing all over people 's reactions to an atrocity , the writer does n't offer much in the way of suggestions . 
   and the only things that are worth saying wo n't be said . 
  what are those things ? 
  among other things the fact that we are living with the consequences of an immigration and ` integration ' fantasy which should have been abandoned years ago . 
  no , that 's been said ad nauseam . 
  seriously , people have been banging on the immigration and integration drums since the ch attacks . 
  what we 're lacking is concrete proposals . 
  the ingredients for tatp all have household applications . 
  if you bought a lot of them at once , you 'd trigger alarm bells but if you 're patient and build up stocks slowly you could avoid detection . 
  the same is true for nitrogen-based bombs . 
   i barely remember him as pm though . 
  what was his story ? 
  chirac protegee , pm at time of 2nd us invasion of iraq , main opponent of sarkozy for presidential nomination of then ump . 
  he tried to shaft sarko with a forged document showing him involved in arms deals , but it backfired . 
  mostly north african from what i 've seen . 
   somehow i doubt that you can get weapons and explosives that easy the french report on the vests used in the paris attacks indicated the explosive used was [ triacetone triperoxide ( tatp ) ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/20/world/europe/a-view-of-isiss-evolution-in-new-details-of-paris-attacks.html?_r=0 ) which can be made with [ products from a hardware store ] ( http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/systems/munitions/tatp.htm ) . 
  it requires careful handling and time , but there 's no reason it could n't have been manufactured in belgium or france ( the place where it was made is yet to be found ) . 
  he seems to have come to radical islam fairly recently - he was a petty drug dealer before . 
  he 's also spent five months in hiding , so his mental state is possibly fragile enough . 
  go ahead , find out what the requirement is for a referendum in your country , fulfill those requirements , and let the people decide . 
  if they vote in favour of reintroducing the death penalty , and if your country is a member of the eu , it might have to leave because capital punishment is contrary to eu policy . 
  `` flipping the bird '' in us english is known as `` le doigt d'honneur '' ( the finger of honour ) in french . 
  for goodness sake , the `` innocent people '' are dead . 
  killing terrorists after the fact wo n't bring them back . 
  standards and morals are what underpin a judicial system , which is a necessary part of a functioning civil society . 
  changing our judicial system as a knee-jerk reaction to terrorism is allowing the terrorists to win . 
  if you want to bring back the death penalty , fine you can campaign to do so , but do it based on a reasoned argument and a referendum of the people , not based on some fear of or reaction to terrorists . 
  that 's what the terrorists want . 
   ah well , i guess the lives of innocent citizens means less to you than the lives of terrorists . 
  and i guess you 're happy to change your principles , your standards , your morals , and your behaviour because that 's what the terrorists want you to do . 
  you can go ahead and appease them , but i wo n't change my behaviour to suit terrorists . 
  extraordinary rendition followed by death ? 
  personally , i 'd prefer the fuckers rot in jail for decades . 
  we do n't know , and the `` experts '' do n't know either . 
  again , we must resort to speculation . 
  stating unequivocally that it 's `` beyond control '' is difficult to defend . 
  yes and we see which got the headline . 
   the fact that authorities were still failing to contain the wave of violent extremism even after the november paris attacks and subsequent massive manhunt that netted the final paris plotter , salah abdeslam , just five days ago suggested the problem was beyond the security agencies of belgium and its neighbours , experts said . 
  but then other ( the same ? ), 
  experts said :  there was a strong chance that the brussels attacks were carried out by extremists who were on the run after the abdeslam arrest and decided they might as well launch the assault before they were caught . 
  so either the situation is entirely out of control , or the terrorists are running scared and have acted preemptively to avoid being blown by abdeslam . 
  the article contains too much speculation for me . 
   i hope belgians will get some use out of it yes me too . 
  i had friends using it genuinely after the paris attacks but i never noticed it until about a half day later , by which time i 'd heard from them by other means , mostly sms . 
   the facebook security check always felt like a novelty to me . 
  yes it seems like a gimmick but now facebook gets slated if they do n't activate it or activate it late . 
  or perhaps people with sufficient capacity to deal with multiple providers of social media ? 
  yes , but the vikings/normans were n't celts . 
  i guess so though i do n't know to be honest . 
  it was n't a very serious check - just a scanner run over bags , probably to detect large amounts of metal . 
  what represents the green in a margherita ? 
  basil or oregano ? 
  not an insalata caprese ? 
   then i really like our islands regional flags , sicily sicily shares a lot with the [ isle of man ] ( http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/i/im-man29.gif ) . 
  i remember having screening at the entrance in dublin airport up to maybe 15 years ago . 
   ( ch case ) the end result in this case i think , leads us to poverty . 
  i 'm not certain it was poverty so much as a toxic combination of alienation , search for adventure , and nihilism .
