  in common parlance most people would say the eu was founded on liberal ideals . 
   what are the founding principles of the european union ? 
   jo\u00ebl molinier : they represent a set of values held in common by the member states and which they decided to incorporate into the foundations of the union . 
  these values include liberty , democracy , a respect for human rights and basic civil liberties , and rule by law . 
  they are proclaimed in the treaty founding the union , to which the charter of fundamental rights added the dignity of the human being , equality and solidarity . 
  this sort of development should be encouraged , imo . 
  islam needs to adapt to europe and the younger generations are essential to this . 
  in fairness that 's a subeditor 's take on the story . 
  nobody says they 're fighting a phobia in the article . 
  did you read the article ? 
   farmers say that electric fences and fearsome dogs are powerless in the face of the predators and are demanding greater culls . 
  what sort of murderous shower curtains do you have in australia ? 
  why does everything there have to be so dangerous ? 
  not as far as i know . 
  my kids and i swim in the seine about 45k south of paris . 
  the water is somewhat brackish but it 's okay . 
  currents can be strong but there are sections that are shallow and calm . 
  creepy dude . 
  dodgy bunch of unlikely heroes put out their stall as the defenders of europe . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  dublin 's a great town . 
  you 'll love it i hope . 
  you 're asserting that ngos run a taxi service from the waters off africa to europe ? 
  you personally have evidence of this ? 
  do n't know what it is . 
  but i asked you a question . 
  thanks , interesting . 
  yes i agree . 
  i would n't tow a raft with people on board . 
  europe is in what condition ? 
  where do you live that immigration is harshing so much on your buzz ? 
  you subscribe to the ngo taxi service narrative ? 
  the difference is that unicef tries to do something constructive about their single issue . 
  edit : before you downvote , tell me what i 've said that 's untrue ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 'm saying the `` great replacement '' is not happening in a single generation . 
  do you think it is ? 
  at what point does someone become `` european '' . 
  for example , last ve day i attended a ceremony at a french cemetery . 
  there were lots of graves for the wwi war dead , including many algerians , moroccans , and senegalese . 
  let 's say some of these guys had kids in france before they lost their lives . 
  would their kids be european ? 
  what about their grandkids ? 
  great-grandkids ? 
  they could even have great-great-grandkids by now . 
  would they be european ? 
   not wanting mass immigration is whining ? 
  constantly obsessing over immigration is whining , yes . 
   how did you come to that ? 
  by reading identitarian propaganda . 
  are you one ? 
  edit : the alt right pussies are out in force i see . 
  they 're offering to support the libyan coastguard as a recon ship . 
  how is this collecting evidence about ngos ? 
   do you find that position wrong ? 
  i just called it nonsense . 
   and why ? 
  because i have a basic grasp of statistics . 
   which is something you put in my mouth nope . 
  that 's the position taken by the originator of the great replacement nonsense . 
  here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/renaud_camus#the_great_replacement, 
  yeah , reconnaissance then telling the coastguard that there 's a raft at xyz coordinates so the coastguard can escort them back to shore . 
  where 's the evidence collection ? 
  go ahead and show me , using verifiable data , how the european population will be replaced in one generation . 
  state your assumptions clearly . 
  i do n't want some nonsense chart produced by 4chan or the_d ; i want proper data from eurostat and other national bodies . 
  fair enough , thanks . 
   why are n't we already towing the rafts back ? 
  on this specifically , towing a raft in the med would be very dangerous . 
  watch her great replacement video . 
  it 's conspiracy based nonsense . 
   even though i asked for a single piece of evidence an hour ago and you 've yet to provide i 'm amazed at how self-important you are . 
  i answered your request . 
  it might have taken a bit of time , but there are other things going on in the world . 
  although it does share certain features : * whining about other groups . 
  * seeking special treatment for own group . 
  * uncertain relationship to democracy . 
   as if it 's optional to be worried about your country 's future . 
  what the fuck ? 
  you 're saying that if i 'm concerned about my country 's future i have no choice but to watch lauren southern drone on incessantly in her weird canadian cum valley girl accent ? 
   you do n't grab the popcorn before you watch lauren southern . 
  videos ! = entertainment . 
  that 's exceptionally naive . 
  you watch her because she 's pretty and because she talks about subjects you 're preoccupied with . 
  but : * she 's not a demographer * she 's not a successful politician * she is a rabble rouser * she knows exactly what buttons to push to get alt right little boys all hot and bothered . 
   and she 's not a conspiracy nut she promotes conspiracies . 
   i see that you have no problem ruining people 's reputation . 
  i 'm a randomer on the internet . 
  i 'm not going to ruin her reputation for fuck 's sake . 
  edit : i 've just seen your account is an hour old . 
  smh . 
   is that so ? 
  username checks out . 
  where does this happen ? 
   a fan ? 
  is that your way of wording the feelings people lol . 
  no , it 's because he linked to a youtuber for fuck 's sake ...  can i hold that opinion ? 
  hold whatever opinion you want mate , just do n't look for validation from me . 
  back to snowseason ? 
  looks like spring has almost arrived !,
