  he 's such a tool . 
   marie is n't like her father who literally is a nazi cunt , no , but she 's happy to lead the party . 
  she 's a clever politician but basically toxic . 
  telcos throughout europe must be rubbing their hands in gleeful anticipation of a leave vote . 
  they can ratchet up costs for travel to/from the uk . 
   ~ ~ positive ~ ~ media exposure is the number one priority . 
  ftfy . 
  here 's the [ 2016 ranking from reporters without borders ] ( http://rsf.org/en/ranking ) . 
  fair play to the nordics ( yet again ) . 
  it allows one to tell at a glance whether the liquid under discussion is the sweet invigorating nectar of the emerald isle , nutritious and fortifying , or the poisonous bile produced by the scottish imposters from fermented sheep 's stomach and the tears of true irishmen . 
  well at least the winning mozzarella comes from buffalo . 
  just a minor pedantic point : if it 's scotch it 's `` whisky '' , if it 's irish it 's `` whiskey '' . 
  nope . 
  the aussies have obligatory attendance at polling stations too , iirc . 
  you can always spoil your ballot or write in ` none of the above ' . 
  tax is compulsory ; jury duty is compulsory ; why not oblige people to attend a polling station every so often ? 
  so long as the ballot is secret , you 're not obliged to vote . 
  just attend and have your name ticked off . 
  that is all . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  please do n't ever feel you ca n't . 
  really , never feel you ca n't express yourself . 
   arabs have curly/very wavy hair . 
  what ? 
  all of them ? 
   she would n't have identified as black is tunisia she 's from algeria . 
   tunisia also has actual apartheid type segregation she 's from algeria . 
   she 's from tunisia algeria, 
   a record number of people have applied to join the french police force over the past year . 
  defense forces are also up significantly - about a 25 % increase in applications in 2015 versus 2014 . 
  scattershot article that leaves me wondering what i 'm supposed to be scared of . 
  italy ? 
  britain 's exit ? 
  migrants ? 
  greece ? 
  heavy on the shock tactics but light on detail and tangible prediction . 
  funny story about myself : my elder son wanted a toy pushchair when he was maybe two or three years old . 
  my initial internal reaction was `` that 's not a very suitable toy for a boy !, 
  '' , but of course i 'm his dad and i 'd spent plenty of time pushing him around in a pushchair , so he was simply mimicking my behaviour . 
  i take your point about physical differences among trans people . 
  i just find the whole ` society says pink for girls , blue for boys ' thing quite depressing . 
  kids are first and foremost kids - if a boy wants to dress up as a princess , or a girl wants to dress up as a knight , i say let them get on with it . 
   the existence of gender dysphoria in children has been proven extensively i wonder if some of this is because society enforces far ** too much ** gender identity from an early age . 
  society does a dreadful job categorizing kids - girls ca n't play soldiers , boys ca n't play princesses - really ramming this stuff down kids ' throats from about age three . 
  look at the toy section in your nearest supermarket : the division between boys and girls toys is enormous . 
  i know parents of girls who are furious at the way some stuff is marketed . 
  maybe if we did n't insist so much on differentiating what games kids play , we would n't see so much of this gender dysphoria ? 
   even in a maximum security prison he would be killed yeah , he 's not going to last long in general population . 
  at a very basic level it means choices and variety and enjoying the richness of life . 
  i can work in a bunch of different countries . 
  my kids can study in a bunch of different countries . 
  i can eat a huge variety of national dishes . 
  i can listen to traditional music from many places . 
  i 'm irish but living in france for some years now . 
  i speak irish , english , french , a little german and i 'm trying to learn italian . 
  i 've studied and worked in ireland , england , finland , germany , france , belgium , denmark , and the netherlands . 
  i love the fact that i can easily move country to work . 
  i love the choices and the experiences that are open to me as an eu citizen . 
  a president by name of erdogan was suffering from major butthurt again he started proceedin ' against some comedian who questioned his sexual programmin ', 
   the injunction and super injunction are used to silence the press routinely yes , those super injunctions are some crazy shit . 
  i 'd prefer to extend the state of emergency than have the games played in empty stadiums . 
   i have heard that some use fake pork - say made from a mix of chicken and beef , would seem unnecessarily expensive , no ? 
  wow . 
  it 's like a tolkien nerd arguing about some obscure elfish ritual mentioned on one page in the silmarillion . 
  this is what happens when a gay turtle dares to come out ^ ^ of ^ ^ its ^ ^ shell . 
  people are weird ... 
  drugs policy in many countries fits almost exactly the definition of insanity that is often attributed to einstein :  doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . 
   it makes me want to vote to leave to undo the damage . 
  hopefully only one person has been fooled into voting to remain , otherwise you 'll have to start campaigning for leave ;-), 
  yes , it has a similar meaning in statistics . 
  to an anglophone , ` significant part ' and ` small minority ' do n't suggest the same quantity ; they suggest quite different quantities , so perhaps something has been lost in translation as / u/cillerboy suggested . 
  maybe , but it 's a weird representation . 
  it 's easier to fly under the radar in the uk , once you 've got there , but i think the biggest draw must be family and friends already in britain . 
  [ super clap ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/powerlisting/images/d/d7/super-clap.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/640?cb=20130216220901 ), 
   `` i can confirm that there have been endorsements for the attacks , '' michel said in a statement , although this was only from a small minority . 
   `` we must neither generalize nor gloss over this , '' michel said , adding that jambon had not been generalizing . 
   `` a significant part of the muslim community danced following the attacks ... that is the real problem , '' jambon told de standaard . 
  small minority ? 
  significant part ? 
   right thing to do would be to infiltrate those sites , locate , track and monitor those who use them to glorify terrorism , and then go after them . 
  this is also happening on certain select sites . 
  backing exit is johnson 's gamble - if it passes he wins big , but if it does n't he loses . 
  however , he did n't have a choice : he wants to be leader and cameron had pushed him into the wilderness . 
  the tories have repeatedly picked relatively low profile politicians as leader , partly because of their selection method . 
  maggie thatcher was never supposed to become leader , nor was john major , nor was david cameron . 
  none of them were as high profile as bojo is ; they were all compromise candidates . 
  there 's an article by peter hitchens in the daily mail that i ca n't link to . 
  he sets out what he expects bojo 's strategy to be , based on johnson 's own statements . 
  search for `` the eu is our hotel california '' and you should find it . 
  johnson is a politician , first and foremost , of course he 's going to act in whatever way is best for his future political career . 
  he 'd be crazy not to . 
  it 's cute that people think he 's some sort of idealist acting against his own best interest in order to save britain from the maws of the ravening eu bureaucracy ; just like it 's cute when my youngest kid tries to work out how santa gets into apartments that do n't have fireplaces . 
  edit : for the parliamentary party , who choose the leader , mayoral experience is not much compared to home office and treasury . 
  public profile is n't so important either - look at john major . 
  this article by johnson 's biographer explains it : [ the boris backlash ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/uk/2016/02/boris-backlash ) basically johnson has to gain ground on osbourne and may prior to the election to replace cameron who will step down after this term . 
  boris has been mayor of london but has n't held a ministerial portfolio , so he 's at a serious disadvantage compared to the other two . 
  cameron would have given him foreign secretary but it would be too little too late for bojo . 
  hence he 's risking it all on the exit campaign . 
  if it succeeds , he 's set up . 
  if it fails , he 's snookered .
