  but the rate is already due to go down to 19 % in april of this year , and to 17 % in april of 2020 ( at least , this was the plan that osborne set out last year ) . 
  it 's not clear to me how low may is prepared to go . 
   a good chunk the foreign aid budget priti patel is already promising to use the foreign aid budget to [ `` open the door '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/30/britain-to-leverage-11bn-of-foreign-aid-to-build-new-trade-deals/ ) to new trade deals - obviously the aid ca n't be contingent on a trade deal , as that would be * against the rules * . 
  in any case it seems that [ billions in foreign aid already go through british companies ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/9919320/billions-in-foreign-aid-to-go-through-british-companies.html ) . 
  in the particular case of the plantagenets they were from the loire valley . 
  nice place . 
  michael dougan makes the point in a video linked to in another thread that may is threatening to drastically alter the uk social contract . 
  this is something that british people should be concerned about . 
  the tories have previous form in reshaping british society on ideological grounds ; there 's no reason to think they wo n't attempt it again , and brexit gives them a very good excuse for doing so . 
  i know plenty of people who work in singapore - it 's a fine place if you 're in a well-paid job , but it can be quite unpleasant if you 're in a poorly paid job . 
   the uk only has wto membership through the eu . 
  iirc uk has wto membership both individually and as part of eu . 
   what i 'm suggesting is to be make illegal to go to syria/iraq how do you prove that someone has been in syria/iraq ? 
  they do n't get passports stamped . 
  all of this is happening . 
  it 's already illegal to travel to engage in jihad . 
  people have been stopped from traveling and have been caught in turkey . 
  some have been imprisoned on their return . 
  some have been imprisoned before leaving . 
  there are two basic problems : * people do n't travel straight to syria , but to greece or turkey and then onward . 
  * not everyone who travels is known to the security services . 
  those who are monitored can be stopped from traveling , but those who are unknown simply can not . 
  nigel plans his hour on the tower of power . 
  even if le pen wins it 's unlikely she 'll withdraw france from the eu . 
  she has toned down the isolationist rhetoric recently . 
  she 's still promising to drop out of the euro zone , but she 's much more muted about leaving the eu . 
  very early days . 
  fillon was looking unbeatable after his party primary . 
   in france no one i know tells the truth to them should even out in the end then . 
  soros certainly is n't infallible , but i would n't dismiss his views out of hand simply because he funds various causes or made his money out of market manipulation . 
  i reckon he 's quite astute , and his opinion is probably worth considering , even if you decide on balance that he 's wrong . 
  i just puked in my mouth a little looking at that picture . 
  boss of british bank bigs up britain 's banking business ... 
   assuming a favourable deal does n't happen then that is only going to happen to goods we ca n't get from elsewhere . 
  impose tariffs with the uk imposing tariffs in response to goods from the eu but applying a lower tariff or none at all for goods from non-eu nations and we are likely to move to buying them from there . 
  uk prices drop or are maintained , eu businesses lose customers in the worlds fifth richest country . 
  lol at the threatening tone . 
  does every discussion have to be based around threats ? 
  on administration costs , we are simply comparing anecdotes . 
  here 's the quotation :  it is an illusion to suggest that the uk will be permitted to leave the eu but then be free to opt back into the best parts of the european project , for instance by asking for zero tariffs from the single market without accepting the obligations that come with it . 
  he 's not saying that tariffs will necessarily be put in place . 
  he 's saying that * tariff-free access without any obligation * is not going to happen . 
  there 's an important difference . 
  here 's one : http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/2fc7/production/_93213221_china_route_624.png and another : https://www.thesun.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/graphic-train-map-v2.jpg, 
  has someone told boris that he wo n't be punished ? 
  he might be disappointed . 
   i do n't know how you even found that site google . 
   there are no other shared values in europe . 
  quite simply incorrect . 
  [ the values of the union ] ( http://europa.eu/scadplus/constitution/objectives_en.htm ) the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , liberty , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . 
  these values , which are set out in article i-2 , are common to the member states . 
  moreover , the societies of the member states are characterised by pluralism , non-discrimination , tolerance , justice , solidarity and equality between women and men . 
  these values play an important role , especially in two specific cases . 
  firstly , under the procedure for accession set out in article i-58 , any european state wishing to become a member of the union must respect these values in order to be considered eligible for admission . 
  secondly , failure by a member state to respect these values may lead to the suspension of that member state 's rights deriving from membership of the union ( article i-59 ) . 
  [ the values of the union ] ( http://europa.eu/scadplus/constitution/objectives_en.htm ) the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , liberty , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . 
  these values , which are set out in article i-2 , are common to the member states . 
  moreover , the societies of the member states are characterised by pluralism , non-discrimination , tolerance , justice , solidarity and equality between women and men . 
  these values play an important role , especially in two specific cases . 
  firstly , under the procedure for accession set out in article i-58 , any european state wishing to become a member of the union must respect these values in order to be considered eligible for admission . 
  secondly , failure by a member state to respect these values may lead to the suspension of that member state 's rights deriving from membership of the union ( article i-59 ) . 
  in comparison with the existing treaties , the constitution has included new values , notably human dignity , equality , the rights of minorities and the characterization of the values upheld by the societies of the member states . 
  the objectives of the union article i-3 of the constitutional treaty , which covers the internal and external objectives of the union , merges the provisions of the eu treaty and those of the ec treaty . 
  these objectives must guide the union in the defining and implementation of all its policies . 
  the main objectives of the union are now to promote peace , the union 's values and the well-being of its peoples . 
  these general objectives are supplemented by a list of more detailed objectives : * an area of freedom , security and justice without internal frontiers ; * an internal market where competition is free and undistorted ; * sustainable development , based on balanced economic growth and price stability , a highly competitive social market economy , aiming at full employment and social progress , and a high level of protection and improvement of the quality of the environment ; * the promotion of scientific and technological advance ; * the combating of social exclusion and discrimination , and the promotion of social justice and protection , equality between women and men , solidarity between generations and protection of the rights of the child ; * the promotion of economic , social and territorial cohesion , and solidarity among member states . 
  in addition , the union respects cultural and linguistic diversity and ensures that europe 's cultural heritage is safeguarded and enhanced . 
  to the objectives already set out in the existing treaties , the constitution thus adds the promotion of scientific and technological advance , of solidarity between generations and of the protection of children 's rights . 
  economic and social cohesion now additionally acquires a territorial dimension . 
  cultural and linguistic diversity , and the safeguarding and enhancing of europe 's cultural heritage , also become union objectives . 
  paragraph 4 of article i-3 is devoted to the union 's promotion of its values and interests in its relations with the rest of the world . 
  this paragraph brings together the objectives from the eu treaty relating to the common foreign and security policy , and the provisions of the ec treaty relating to development cooperation : * peace ; * security ; * sustainable development of the earth ; * solidarity and mutual respect among peoples ; * free and fair trade ; * eradication of poverty ; * protection of human rights ( in particular the rights of the child ) ; * development of international law ( respect for the principles of the united nations charter ) . 
  the constitution includes as a new objective the protection of children 's rights on the international stage . 
  finally , in part iii of the constitutional treaty , articles iii-115 to iii-122 contain provisions relating to more specific requirements which the union must fulfil in implementing the constitution , in particular , equality between men and women , the combating of discrimination , requirements relating to employment and social policy , protection of the environment and consumers and consideration for the specific nature of services of general economic interest . 
  the fundamental principles article i-4 of the constitution guarantees the free movement of persons , goods , services and capital within the union ( the famous `` four freedoms '' ) and strictly prohibits any discrimination on grounds of nationality . 
  as regards relations between the union and the member states , the constitutional treaty brings together the relevant provisions of the existing treaties in article i-5 , in particular the obligation to respect the national identities and the fundamental political and constitutional structures of the member states . 
  the principle of loyal cooperation is also included in this article . 
  article i-6 of the constitutional treaty is devoted to union law . 
  it lays down the principle of the primacy of the law of the european union over the law of the member states . 
  this principle , which has been developed by the court of justice in its case-law , has long been recognised to be a basic principle and a key aspect of the functioning of the union . 
  the constitution simply gives it a higher profile by incorporating it into a key part of the treaty . 
  article i-7 confers on the european union legal personality . 
  following the merger of the european community and the european union , the new union will therefore have the right to conclude international agreements , in the same way as the european community can today , but without compromising the division of competences between the union and the member states . 
   germany 's trade surplus with the u.k. amounts to about 1 percent of the gross domestic product of europe 's biggest economy , and `` if 1 percent of german gdp grows slightly less or slightly more , it does n't really matter to the german economy , '' hoppe said in a phone interview on wednesday . 
  `` so the idea that germany from a business point of view will be very flexible towards the u.k. in the brexit negotiations is a dream . '' from an eu perspective , many people accept that the uk exit will leave everyone worse off , but if it 's in the region of + / - 0.1 % of gdp for a given country , it 's not going to be that noticeable . 
  again from an eu perspective , the basic principles that have held the organisation together for 60 years - free movement of persons , goods , services and capital - are not be set aside lightly . 
  i 've seen many uk posters argue along the lines of * we wanted to stay in the single market , but the eu refused to do a deal on free movement * , but this completely misses the point . 
  free movement is part of the single market ; it 's not logical in an eu context to have one without the other . 
  i am genuinely sorry to see britain leave , but single market membership without free movement of people was never going to happen . 
  i love how little traffic you have on your way to work . 
  seems very bike friendly . 
   5-10 % `` administration costs '' these are estimates from people working import/export on the uk side . 
   the possibility of eu being stubborn and imposing tariffs would just make this worse . 
  this is absent any tariffs . 
  it 's simple costs incurred from no longer being in the single market . 
  do you understand how import/export works to non-eu countries ? 
   the eu really is not in a place to cut off its nose the eu is n't initiating this . 
  it 's not the eu `` punishing britain '' . 
  it 's simple inefficiencies introduced by leaving the single market . 
   a free trade agreement then betweeen uk and us would cement ford 's top selling car spot in the uk .
