  do n't even know why i bothered checking their twitter . 
  if anything does n't work , you 'll find out here first . 
  nice one , congrats !, 
  i have a full cab version myself , from '08 with 6 speed manual transmission . 
  in the 125k miles it has so far , i 've only changed the clutch . 
  great pics !, 
  mind if i ask what is the reason for the flags ? 
  if you 're considering carrying a bic lighter , give these guys a look : http://lighterbro.com, 
  could n't sleep so i decided to empty my backpack :, 
  lenovo x230 thinkpad, 
  20000mah power bank, 
  kingston 1tb external drive, 
  samsung galaxy s6, 
  browning x28, 
  keys & flashlight, 
  wallet, 
  smokes, 
  lighterbro multitool & bic lighter, 
  bluetooth headphones ( august ep650 ), 
  pen, 
  postit notes, 
  small northland poket knife, 
  victorinox poket knife, 
  bic lighter ( backup ), 
  lip balm, 
  canon eos 350d with 50mm f/1 .8, 
  backup headphones, 
  they are really strong . 
  among the strongest you 'll find over here . 
  actually i 've used an old hexagonal key set i had lying around . 
  removed the hex keys and added in the normal keys . 
  also i 've changed the screws in order to add more width to it . 
  it 's not the pro version but i love this small multitool . 
  i 've used the blade and the scissors far more often then any of the pocket knifes i carry on me . 
  no guns ? 
  why do you hate freedom ? 
  i 've used a hedgren backpack , for my laptop , daily for the last 10 years . 
  they are also europe based . 
  highly recommend them . 
  emsk hat etiquette and that you do n't wear a hat indoors . 
  i 'd say a variation of a sugar cane machete . 
  what tyres are you using ? 
  glad you like it . 
  also , if you 've never seen a gun with a soldered barrel on it ( they do this in order to make sure you wo n't switch the barrel illegally and use lethal ammo ) , i can provide photos , 
  depends on the distance . 
  it can do serious damage up to 10 meters which is around 30 feet . 
  there are some videos on youtube ( if you search grand power t12 ) where people ( mostly russians , it 's very popular there as well ) try it out on different objects . 
  in the license they give you it is written that you can not buy more than 25 cartridges . 
  when you go to the shooting range they keep a record with how many cartridges you 've shot . 
  if there 's an inspection , the number of cartridges you bought minus the cartridges you 've shot at the shooting range can not be more than 25 . 
  i guess you could by more from different stores at the same time , but you 'd expose yourself to losing your license and having a criminal record , if they catch you . 
  you are only allowed to use it in self defense and as a last resort ( or in a gun range ) . 
  anything other than that will probably land you in jail . 
  glad you like it . 
  sucks like hell , especially if the gun range does n't have any 10x28 cartridges available and i have to do various trips to the store when i want to practice , 
  regarding the recreational shooting , the gun range usually has this type of ammunition , so you can buy directly from them . 
  if they do n't have it , you have to take several trips to the store . 
  oh , of course . 
  every time you make use of the weapon ( unless you use it in a gun range ) a preliminary investigation is opened and you will have to pay for a lawyer and , like you said , prove it was self defense . 
  even if you do n't fire it , but you are forced to draw it from concealment ( and the attacker runs ) , you have to notify the police . 
  during the preliminary investigation , the gun will be taken from you and will only be returned to you after the preliminary investigation if you are not charged with a crime . 
  hahaha , very good analogy !, 
  as far as i can tell you can not remove the barrel without damaging the frame . 
  but then again , my experience is very limited . 
  basically the laws regulating the non lethal weapons allowed anyone , up until 2008 to buy one directly from the store and all they had to do was declare it to the police . 
  people started buying them so it was a bit late for the government to ban them , so instead they came up with this hard and complicated procedure in order to discourage anyone from owning one . 
  so , in order to be able to buy a shotgun or a rifle you must have a hunting license . 
  in order to get one first you have to find a hunting association that has a free spot ( very hard to come by ) . 
  you must participate regularly when that association organizes hunts but are not yet allowed to buy a shotgun , basically you 're an apprentice . 
  after 3 years of apprenticeship you can take your hunting exam combined with pretty much everything else i mentioned above , and are allowed to buy your own hunting shotgun . 
  you must wait an additional 2 years to be allowed to buy a bolt action hunting rifle . 
  i 'm not familiar with the laws regulating the number of hunting weapons or ammunition , but i know you can have a lot more than the two handguns for self defense ( because many politicians are also hunters here ) . 
  you are allowed to use your hunting weapons ( shotgun or rifle ) for self defense in your own home . 
  according to the law , only the one involved in the incident that is under investigation . 
  dogs . 
  lots and lots of dogs . 
  it 's not unusual to see a sheep herd that has around 200 sheep with 10 ~ 20 dogs . 
  the dogs are [ very large ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bucovina_shepherd_dog ) and often pose a threat to tourists . 
  the only way for me , as a romanian , to shoot a romanian made ak is to visit the united states . 
  the black market is very small , almost non existent . 
  so , in order to be able to buy a shotgun or a rifle you must have a hunting license . 
  in order to get one first you have to find a hunting association that has a free spot ( very hard to come by ) . 
  you must participate regularly when that association organizes hunts but are not yet allowed to buy a shotgun , basically you 're an apprentice . 
  after 3 years of apprenticeship you can take your hunting exam combined with pretty much everything else i mentioned above , and are allowed to buy your own hunting shotgun . 
  you must wait an additional 2 years to be allowed to buy a bolt action hunting rifle . 
  i 'm not familiar with the laws regulating the number of hunting weapons or ammunition , but i know you can have a lot more than the two handguns for self defense ( because many politicians are also hunters here ) . 
  you are allowed to use your hunting weapons ( shotgun or rifle ) for self defense in your own home . 
  not sure if i would find one there ( maybe i should ask around first ) . 
  i know for sure , however , they are exported it in the united states . 
  in the case of self defense guns , there is little to no lobby in the parliament . 
  they are more interested in hunting , that 's why you can literally have an unlimited number of hunting shotguns / rifles , once you have a valid hunting license and are allowed to buy them , of course . 
  for air powered guns/rifles on top of everything mentioned above you must join a competitive shooting club that is registered with the authorities . 
  you can own several air powered guns/rifles . 
  bow hunting is illegal in romania . 
  all bows are considered recreational , so i was actually able to buy a hoyt compound bow without any kind of problems . 
  exactly . 
  i have nothing on the medical exam , i would n't want someone with a serious psychiatric disorder being able to buy one , or someone who does n't pass a general mental health evaluation . 
  my problem is , like you said , with the crazy restrictions . 
  as a country we never really had access to firearms . 
  up until 1989 we were under a communist dictatorship so guns for the masses were out of the question .
