  thank you very much for sharing this . 
  probably the best ad i 've ever clicked on . 
  aristocrati decadenti, 
  forgotten realms !, 
  somewhere near icewind dale if possible . 
  truly a fucked up individual . 
  i hope that snakes strangles him in his sleep . 
  however , say his name 3 times while looking in a mirror and he appears behind you !, 
  if you are from a country outside eu then yes , you need a work permit . 
  please see the following if you speak romanian : http://ori.mai.gov.ro/detalii/pagina/ro/munca/73, 
  unfortunately that page is only in romanian . 
  if you were born here , you are a romanian citizen and you are allowed legally to work in romania ( as long as you are at least 18 years old , i believe ) . 
  if the only document you have is an expired passport i guess the first step you should take would be to start requesting all your romanian documents back ( like birth certificate , id card , ... ) from the local authorities from the city you were born . 
  needs more ler !, 
  where can i get a t shaped necklace like his ? 
  across from where ? 
  i believe she also suffers from an acute case of photoshop . 
  i just bought a small forest axe today , from them . 
  i am very impressed with the level of craftsmanship . 
  they also offer a 20 years warranty on their products . 
  a kindle with a solar charger will last a long time ( or until the solar charger fails ) . 
  merci , am avut parte de distractie . 
  brilliant image !, 
  i have n't had such a good laugh in quite a while !, 
  i did !, 
  very helpful information regarding the mechanics !, 
  please post more , 
  i 've also thought about this , and after seeing [ this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/frugal/comments/gjdje/what_are_your_thoughts_on_using_repurposed/c1o3b7r ) in [ / r/frugal ] ( / r/frugal ) i 've decided not to go with shipping containers . 
  this song is awesome , together with this whole subreddit !!!!, 
  shut up and take my upvotes !, 
  i have a core 2 duo e6400 ( 2.4 ghz ) with 4gb ddr3 . 
  before playing this game i had a geforce 8600gt video card and i could n't run it except for the lowest resolution . 
  a few days ago i bought a ati radeon hd6850 which is a relatively cheap video card ( around $ 150 ) . 
  now i can run the game at a decent fps with all the details on normal , which is enough for me . 
  i suggest buying a new video card , since that 's probably the bottleneck on your computer . 
  edit : [ a small comparison chart between geforce gts 250 and ati radeon hd6850 ] ( http://www.hwcompare.com/5930/geforce-gts-250-1gb-vs-radeon-hd-6850/ ), 
  best map description ever , thanks for the laugh , 
  i 've been playing for a month and i never had to kill anyone . 
  not a single murder . 
  however , without pvp , this game would be boring as hell . 
  `` axe fucked bandit '' - lol . 
  nice adventure . 
  good journey to you and your friends , 
  we all do what we must to survive . 
  i still loot deer stands , stores and farms , just not in cherno or electro . 
  the hatchet - do n't forget to reload !, 
  you should really try to find a group or at least another person , preferably someone you know irl . 
  it adds a whole new perspective to the game . 
  i 'm using windows 7 . 
  after changing the dns servers i also had to run :, 
  ipconfig / flushdns, 
  from the command prompt in order for this to work . 
  just in case someone else is having this problem . 
  it says 96061 in game . 
  great server , with very nice and friendly admins . 
  loading time and ping from europe was decent ~ 70 . 
  however , the player cap should be set at 30 imho . 
  they also have a custom script that loads more vehicles , not necessarily at the default spawning points . 
  hackers are dealt with very quickly . 
  on top of this they plan on hosting custom events between players . 
  the winners of the custom events can receive as a prize permanent buildings and addons to those buildings . 
  if you have n't check it out yet , it 's definitely worth a shot . 
  romanian reporting in , do n't forget about `` mint rubbing '' , 
  i also decided to take mitx 6.00 x. 
  started yesterday and so far so good . 
  also the hustler and the sting, 
  these are the trascau mountains , located in transylvania , romania . 
  yup , that 's the one . 
  i was referring to the first one . 
  did n't even notice the second one until you point it out . 
  my bad , honest mistake , 
  will definitely try it on my next project . 
  congrats  what 's the name of the song playing in the background ? 
  well since this was taken in romania , they are probably just using the `` chuck norris facts '' and do not know _ everything _ related to him and what kind of a person he is , 
  thank you for this song , cheers . 
  lol , u mad ? 
  the only thing that i 'm confused about is why someone , who has a site filled with javascript and css warnings , is giving advice on how to chose a a professional web designer ? 
  rent a satellite phone and take it with you . 
  it 's about $ 7/day . 
  in case of emergency it 's the best tool you could possibly have with you . 
  i can confirm . 
  i have a russian blue that looked exactly like that when she was little . 
  you can try the following sites :, 
  i have no experience with these webpages , so make sure you read the faq on each of them . 
  the monthly rate for what you are looking for should be between 200 euros and 250 euros/month , however you might have problems renting for such a short period of time and they will most likely ask you for a month 's payment as a warranty . 
  best neighbourhoods would probably be gheorgheni , grigorescu and marasti . 
  largest classified advertisements website for finding rent in cluj-napoca : www.piata-az.ro ( english translation sucks though and there are chances that the owner of whatever studio/apartment you might find , will not speak english ) . 
  main real estate agencies in cluj-napoca in no specific order ( they all have good english versions ) :, 
  contacting a real estate agency should make things easier for you , since they will speak english and you will be able to explain to them you are only looking to stay for one month . 
  the downside is that they will probably ask for a fee . 
  let me know if there is anything else you might need help with . 
  lol , haters gon na hate, 
  [ # 000000 is hex code for black , pandora is a reference to pandora 's box and the black box is found in an airplane which is the answer . 
  dude , you need to make your own youtube channel and upload some videos of this happening . 
  i would watch that stuff all day . 
  very nice !, 
  i also have a frontier and i love it . 
  never understood why they are called navara here in europe , frontier sounds much better . 
  what did you use to black out the front grill ? 
  not getting any e-mails either .
