i 'll be moving from 35 % to 18 % ( austria ) , i 'm literally going to see half as many fat people . 
  i 've seen a few people call the green party center left in this thread , but i 've always seen it as the far left here in austria . 
  many people compared it to the us elections in that there was not an ideal choice due to having to choose from two extremes . 
  what about it is center ? 
  a lot of people have a very negative view of the united states , when they do n't have a proper reference point . 
  i guess not surprising , more just sad really . 
  am i reading correctly that 50 % of people in the survey believe there is widespread descrimination for every non-age minority category ? 
  religion , gender , orientation , and ethnicity ? 
  ( page 18 ) if so , that 's insane . 
  also , i find it interesting that sweden has incredibly high numbers compared to other countries , considering it 's often seen as the `` mecca '' of acceptance and tolerance . 
  perhaps it 's some sort of self-awareness / guilt issue . 
  ah interesting . 
  the articles that were spread around at the time seemed to really imply that tuition was more or less abolished federally . 
  i did notice the semester fees when i was looking at some programs , but i figured it made sense with the transit passes . 
  where is the transit privatized ? 
  it seems like db operates everywhere in germany that i 've been . 
  is it more the local city transit , buses ? 
  just certain regions/states ? 
  i can confirm this . 
  the requirements for entry are much lower for studying than working visas . 
  for studying you mostly just need an acceptance . 
  / u/ibrahimea : if you have only a bachelor 's , you could consider pursuing a master 's degree . 
  there are even quite a few english programs , especially in technical fields , if that 's your thing . 
  although , if you are in tech , you also have a much better chance of meeting the working visa requirements for immigration . 
  i can also second the earlier statements about integration . 
  austrians tend to be a bit hesitant toward foreigners , but they warm up pretty quickly once you get to know them , and efforts toward learning german ( and local dialect of course ! ), 
  go a long way . 
  i ca n't speak personally ( as a white euro-descendant ) , but i have n't noticed all that much proclivity against muslims/arabs compared to other immigrants . 
  from my experience traveling around europe , i would say anything north/west of austria you probably would n't experience many problems . 
  generally , the farther north you go , the less language barriers are an issue . 
  the southern non-eu areas ( balkan countries ) could be a possibility as well . 
  they are more heavily muslim , but also tend to be more heritage-oriented , as far as i could tell . 
  you 'd probably have more issues integrating in the eastern portions ( poland , slovakia , hungary , romania , etc ) . 
   tuitions are relatively low did n't germany pass a law a couple years ago that tuition was free for all uni ? 
  or does that only apply to public institutions ? 
  american currently living in austria . 
  mostly lurk but will respond to questions when i have something related to my experience here . 
  larger clear tape would be `` packing tape '' ... duct tape is the silver stuff that is very versatile but originally intended for use on airflow pipes ( ductwork ) . 
  does tixo make all of them ? 
  we use `` scotch '' for the small transparent tape but do n't have any brand association with other types of tape . 
  apparently retractable utility knives are generally referred to as `` stanleymesser '' ( that was the translation i was given when asked ) . 
  is n't tixo standard transparent tape though , not duct ? 
  i 've always thought the musiktheater was just ugly enough to be beautiful . 
  it 's a really interesting design . 
  the ars electronica is definitely my favorite though , and it 's really cool that people are allowed to control the lighting at times . 
  i also enjoy the [ interior ] ( https://mw2.google.com/mw-panoramio/photos/medium/100225034.jpg ) of plus city ( shopping center ) . 
  true , but wiener is a `` word '' that we use in english !, 
  getting the `` ei '' sound wrong as in - stein is definitely pretty common though . 
  there are people who pronounce `` wiener '' wrong ? 
  amsterdam is the only place i 've ever been where they do n't even bother speaking the native language . 
  everywhere i went they straight up greeted us in english . 
  i was with two dutch guys and even they were speaking english with the waiters . 
  i think if done properly , leberkas could work , but it 's hard to say because it 's pretty unique . 
  i could see it having a niche in places like food courts , stadiums , etc. 
  but probably nothing too main stream . 
  i think you 'd have to take the leberkaspepi route and offer different flavors and variations . 
  good bread would n't be too much of an issue , though the variety of rolls available in the us does n't seem to come near what is in austria . 
  i agree that something like bosna would do well ( especially in a stadium/carnival type setting ) , but it 's really just another type of sausage roll , and that market is pretty well saturated with brats , hot dogs , italian sausage , kielbasa , etc. 
  i would say some of the more common traditional food can be found at german restaurants , especially in the midwest . 
  most of them serve bavarian cuisine , so you have things like schnitzel , kraut , sp\u00e4tzle / nockerl , and kn\u00f6del . 
  not sure much else would be particularly popular though . 
  i could also see some of the cakes ( sachertorte , for example ) being somewhat popular as well . 
  i 'm actually entirely unfamiliar with backhendlsalat , but based on the name it does n't sound like something that would do well in the us to me . 
  maybe depends on the region though . 
  as an american living in austria now , a few things i 've had here or while traveling around that i think could be popular back home : - bernerw\u00fcrstel ( austria ) - more or less a hot dog/frankfurter wrapped in bacon - k\u00e4sekrainer ( austria ) - a sausage which has cheese inside . 
  we have cheesy bratwurst , but i do n't really remember any other sausages with cheese . 
  - karreespeck ( austria ) - it 's a common deli meat that 's sort of between pork and bacon . 
  i do n't remember ever seeing anything similar back home . 
  - frituur ( belgium/netherlands ) - french fries with dips , fried snacks . 
  i 'm not sure how this is n't already a thing in the us . 
  - d\u00f6ner / d\u00fcr\u00fcm ( everywhere ) - i 'd say gyros are similar somewhat popular already , but i think they could be bigger as a late night snack type thing like they are in europe . 
  - kebab/cevapi and other grilled meats in the balkans . 
  especially the one that 's wrapped in cheese and bacon . 
  - francesinha ( portugal ) - giant meat sandwich covered in cheese/sauce - rarebit ( wales ) - similar reasons - zapiekanka ( poland ) - basically a pizza made on a half baguette i think the reason a lot of these are n't that popular is they tend to be in areas with high foot traffic , but much of the us is not so friendly for pedestrians . 
  oh cool thanks , i 'll be at westbahnhof tomorrow , i 'll have to take a look !, 
  make sure you look into cross-border issues with car rental . 
  i 'll be traveling that area in the next two weeks , and it seems that a lot of rental companies do n't allow you to drive to the other balkan countries , or at least make you pay an extra fee for doing so . 
  can you post location/name ? 
  i assume it 's in vienna ? 
  i 'm living in austria and would n't mind looking into curing a bit of home sickness next time i 'm around . 
  i 'd recommend taking a day stop in either bruges or gent . 
  i have n't been to bruges so ca n't comment on that , but i loved it in gent . 
  it felt like a smaller , more intimate , and less crowded amsterdam . 
  the first thing you say you like is beer , and you pass by right next to belgium ( both ways ) without planning a stop !, 
  with three people you should n't have that much trouble finding a decent-priced airbnb in austria , especially in february ( just do n't go too close to any skiing areas ) . 
  wow , as a student currently in austria , i had no idea it was so complex . 
  i just pay a monthly fee ( automatically withdrawn from my account ) , and then when i go to the doctor , i give them my e-card and get free treatment . 
  if i get a prescription , i give them the card and pay a small fee . 
  pretty interesting to see a bit more into the whole system . 
  in austria , most people use cash , though debit is becoming a bit more popular especially with younger people . 
  hardly anyone i know here has a credit card . 
  my personal spending is probably about 60-40 credit-cash ( compared to 80-20 or so when i was in the us ) . 
  as far as i can tell , seems to definitely be the 24th here in austria, 
  well , there 's [ adam sandler ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqgkbvxsaku ), 
  would n't be a bad idea, 
  it 's not liver , nor is it cheese . 
  it 's like a meatloaf , but the meat is more like a hot dog/frankfurter or bologna type . 
  but it 's pretty tasty and you can get a version that has cheese injected into it ( spinach-garlic is the best kind ) . 
  living in austria for a year , have visited 8 of the 9 states ( technically i 've been in burgenland , but just driving through ) have been to 44/50 us states, 
  what i meant by the heritage comment , is that due to the large amount of diversity in the us , it 's fairly easy to `` become '' american regardless of your background .
