  okej priznajem , you have bested me . 
  perhaps they could join the serbian union as we 're joining the eu and we can hold a referendum of whether or not kosovo really wants to be independent . 
  i think that could work for both of us quite well . 
  bi li voljan da elaboriras ? 
  we 'll do it to albania as well . 
  also , croatia is our bro and kolinda is probably just mad at our pm for blasting her because of the chocolategate scandal . 
  also kosovo will soon join the eu alongside with serbian union according to some sources . 
  and serbia will do it to albania as well . 
  oh man , what time to be alive !, 
  come and join the serbian union , my sweet summer child . 
  all will be forgiven !, 
  you 'll even get free kebab !, 
  the fact of the matter is that serbia can not let kosovo go for the simple reason that current kosovo government ca n't guarantee safety of kosovo serbs ( an [ example ] ( http://www.b92.net/info/vesti/index.php?yyyy=2012&amp;mm=07&amp;dd=07&amp;nav_category=640&amp;nav_id=624528 ) ) . 
  also , kosovo was/is on the brinks of a civil war due to extreme poverty , unemployment , political corruption and overall government 's inability to , well , govern . 
  all in all , kosovo albanians are n't able to take care of themselves , let alone of kosovo serbs which is a worrying thing . 
  also take for example kosovo 's push for unesco membership which is also one among many absurdities that surround kosovo 's existence and you get an unstable country that should n't have been independent in the first place . 
  but if you join the serbian union , you get into the eu . 
  it 's a win-win situation for all of us !, 
  yeah we do , gastarbeiter scum . 
  only if you join serbian union . 
  omg you made me laugh so hard . 
  thank you for making my day , stranger !, 
  but poland will into space !, 
  `` several '' implies that trivially many people in serbia are tolerant of lgbtq , vegans and cyclist ( ?!, 
  ) , which just is n't true . 
  there are many people , students in particular , that are quite liberal . 
  i myself self am part of that demographic and it really sadness me when such ignorance is spewed with no basis on factual argumentation whatsoever . 
  sure there are thugs that hate just about everyone , but you also have them in other countries . 
  i recently had a pleasure to exchange interesting ideas with a gentleman that happens to be from germany . 
  he 's quite articulate , and according to him well educated , but is a nazi . 
  so yeah , you got thugs and lowlives in about any country imaginable , and to claim that serbia is somehow special in this regard is just plain ignorance . 
  i 'm all for vegan lgbtq cyclists . 
  where do i sign ? 
  i 'm all for vegan lgbtq cyclists . 
  where do i sign ? 
  hopefully one day all the hate and bullshit will be behind us and we can all go for a beer . 
  not exactly , i do n't know many people that care at all about russia . 
  sure they praise putin for having balls to stand his ground against the us , but russia itself is n't really something that serbia strives for . 
  why ? 
  mostly security reasons . 
  never had one , so i do n't know . 
  this right here is the reason why serbs and croats ca n't get along . 
  croatia has always engaged in pretty feuds , even before all of the wars their foreign policy towards serbia was always childish and passive aggressive for no reason other than to provoke and cause political scandals . 
  i really hopy that one day croatia will be able to outgrow its immaturity and be able to get over its inferiority complex . 
  jelena mili\u0107 is a bloody idiot . 
  why is she even on the list for crying out loud . 
  perfect [ example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9ldzieeblc ) . 
  i do n't really see the reason why soros gets all the hate , after all he is doing what 's he 's doing for the betterment of the humanity , even though some of his motives might be shady it 's for the greater good of us all . 
  mony . . money . . germoney . . germany . . 
  i do n't think so . . 
  we love all the chocolate !, 
  we are n't chocolate racists . 
  ironically , the stereotype about irish is the same here in serbia . 
  croatia is already trolling us pretty bad with their nazi revisionism . 
  i know right , albanian and turkish are basically the same language with slight differences . 
  one could say , that they are ... trigger happy . 
  [ yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh ] ( https://youtu.be/vkoazfotrgk?t=45s ), 
  what is a fyromia ? 
  you mean macedonia ? 
  soon it will be . 
  he he he, 
  milosevic was an asshole , an opportunist but he was no hitler . 
  as much as i dislike the guy , he is not comparable at all . 
  hague said many things , none of which were proved . 
  nobody 's claiming milosevic was a hero , that is a strawman . 
  nato 's bombing was in fact illegal according to international law as it was not approved by its security council . 
  also ethnic cleansing had nothing to do with the bombing , as it was commited kosovar albanians as well . 
  also ethnic cleansing ! = genocide . 
  that was a joke . 
  i do n't think that it was necessarily intentional though . 
  they probably just forgot . 
  it happens , we 're all forgetful sometimes . 
  serious question : was there any border control and/or any incident at that border prior to croatia joining the eu ? 
  well most of the nations that were under the ottomans were assimilated a certain percentage , some more than the others . 
  you both share the same religion , culture . 
  your alphabet is quite similar as well as the language . 
  i 'm no nationalist , but it is quite evident that to a certain extent you were the most assimilated of the nations at that point , hence why i phrased it the way i did . 
  hey now , it 's alright mate . 
  do n't worry about . 
  all 's been forgiven . 
  that is exactly what i was saying to the other fellow . 
  it 's quite refreshing to meet an unbiased and rational individual from albania on this subreddit . 
  you are literally dodging the only question that i have asked and it was a rather simple one : can you or can you not provide the evidence for the claims that you make ? 
  as for who liberated whom we 'll let history decide that . 
  facts are facts and no amount of revisionism and ignorance can undo that . 
  who knows , i mean if god is a serb who knows who else might be . 
  the ways of the universe is a mysterious one my friend . 
  i never claimed it was all due to serbia . 
  when i said `` us '' that included the whole balkan league obviously . 
  russia had nothing to do with balkan wars . 
  ottomans were weak and we took the chance and succeeded . 
  again , you 're welcome . 
   also you never did provide the evidence of the massive `` murder '' , which is exactly what i 've expected as that 's how it goes most of the time with the likes of you, 
  we did liberate the balkan peninsula from the ottomans and that includes albania . 
  there are hard facts and then there are emotion driven opinions that you seem to exhibit in this case . 
  what massive murder ? 
  it seems that nowadays whenever i get into an argument with albanians their `` get-out-of-jail card '' always includes claims of massive murder , ethnic cleaning and/or genocide even though most of the time no evidence is ever provided nor any of the claims have ever been proved by the third-parties . 
  could you please point out to what part of that comment was inspired by a propaganda ? 
  i simply loosely quoted the wikipedia article . 
  we were expelled by the great powers of that time indeed , but not because of the reasons that you believe in .
