  geez , that fellow really knew how to wage war . 
  props to him / s, 
  singapore , definitely . 
  sure , why not . 
  really proud of my country right now . 
  space engineers guy ? 
  what are the odds, 
  we sure did , greater serbia or nothing / s, 
  yugoslavia - not even once, 
  serbia will finally have a real shot at joining eu now that everyone 's leave :d, 
  the secret police was just a cover for the secret secret police . 
  i knew it all along !, 
  why down vote me ? 
  a bit off-topic , but [ this ] ( http://twitter.com/hillaryclinton/status/733694076961329152/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) is definitely my favorite pie chart of all time . 
  because they are busy squating and drinking vodka, 
  it 's mostly americans that are bashing russia which is expected, 
  `` tesla was a croat '', 
  oh the irony ... 
  yeah , he was such a saint while beheading serbian civilians for the lulz . 
  what in the actual fuck, 
  i was actually surprised when i heard about this , given how infrequent are the cases where there 's a massive shootout or even a homicide involving a gun . 
  basically we kicked a lot of ottoman ass . 
  i am offended !, 
  i thought you danes were pc . 
  you have hurt my feelings , as a superior slav . 
  nice one !, 
  we might not have good economy , but at least we have the prettiest women in europe . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_serbia  gdp per capita   $ 14,938 ( 2016 , ppp )   $ 5,544 ( 2016 , nominal ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_bosnia_and_herzegovina  gdp per capita   $ 4,029 ( nominal , 2015 est. ), 
  edit : in case you were referring to republika srpska : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republika_srpska#economy again , i 'll make an assumption that you 're not a complete imbecile incapable of googling so i 'll give you a benefit of a doubt this time . 
  http://www.timesofisrael.com/kosovar-brothers-arrested-over-german-mall-attack-plot-suspicions/ but i am sure you can google as well . 
  the guy is a kosovar albanian . 
   rs and serbia have lower wages by 100 euros a month compared to federal average  nope , it 's the other way around and add another 150eur . 
  plus , the overall unemployment in bih is around 30-50 % . 
  rs is by far the most prosperous of the provinces in bih . 
  bih overall is a pretty poor country , and as you 've said comparable to the rwanda perhaps . 
   how many fighters are there ? 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/22/world/europe/germany-brothers-arrested-attack-kosovo.html kosovo will only truly become an independent state once serbia recognizes it , which will never happen therefore it will never be an independent state , hence it 's an autonomous region . 
  nothing more . 
  he apologized for sreberenica . 
  rs should be an independent state , and essentially already is . 
  it 's by far the most developed region in the bih . 
  nope , there are quite a few bosnian isis fighters . 
  still , if that was true it 's still a scary thought that a supposedly european country would host so many extremist and terrorists . 
  it 's not a rhetoric , it 's a fact . 
  kosovo is not independent , but an autonomous region . 
  serbia has endured worse , bosnia on the other hand is a newly created state that will probably seize to exist in a couple of decades , along with backward nationalists like yourself . 
  no , our pm publicly apologized . 
  so you 're wrong on that point . 
  rs is its own entity , soon to become an independent country . 
  people in rs have the right to choose whether or not they want bosniaks to run their country , and the fact that the main supplier of isis fighters in europe is bosnia , kosovo and albania it only makes sense that they do n't want anything to do with them . 
  kosovo is part of serbia . 
  serbia does n't want any wars that wo n't specifically benefit it , which is the reason why there will not be any wars in the long time , at least not until serbia improves its foreign policy and relations with the nato and the us . 
  nobody honestly cares about albania in here . 
  it 's 3rd world backwards country that really does n't pose any real threat to serbia . 
  yes yugoslavia did commit a genocide , and serbia has apologized to the victims numerous times . 
  i do n't see albania or any other neighboring country doing the same . 
   did it ever renounce the effects of such genocide or expressed dissaproval towards its products ? 
  it has , by apologizing . 
  albania did absolutely nothing for its war crimes , nor has it prosecuted the state funded terrorist organization uck and its members . 
   does your country want to take other people 's land ? 
  nope . 
  on the other hand albania does and is actively working towards making the integral part of serbia into an independent state . 
  sure , but you are spreading bs and i 'm not going to let an ignoramus badmouth and generalize the entirety of my country . 
  i 'm not and we do n't . 
  i do n't appreciate ignoramuses spreading ignorance so i intervene . 
  we do n't care at all about albanians , it is you who seem to be obsessed with us and for a reason . 
  you are not even trying to hide your stupidity at this point . 
  yes , really . 
  this dude is a troll . 
  why even try , he 's obviously a dummy . 
  it literally says that on the wiki . 
  you seem to exhibit quite a schizophrenic personality , changing your arguments at a whim and contradicting yourself at every turn . 
  last time i checked , austria hungary does n't exist as a nation for well over a century . 
  secondly , austrians back in 1910 's were kind of a dickheads , for you know , starting the ww1 . 
  and now i 'm actually getting worried about my intellect if somebody like yourself believes that they are intellectually superior . 
  not precisely . 
  the racist was when you referred to the entirety of serbia to as `` the likes of '' , i.e. 
  implying that we are somehow of lesser worth than you are . 
  that is the general sense i get from a lot of austrians both irl and online . 
  they are very xenophobic and racist . 
  my initial statement was `` why ? '', 
  and after a couple of circlejerk-like comments from other users i made a joke myself which prompted your actual racist and xenophobic comment . 
  well it was a joke , but i guess it 's the quickest way to weed out the racist and xenophobes . 
  my pleasure . 
  prolly because austrians are scum of the europe and we are here to rid the europe of the scum . 
  edit : clarification : 1910 's austrians . 
  not present day austrians . 
  oh , well that 's a sad reality that we live in . 
  that 's why i 'm all for serbian union !, 
  if you 're implying that i somehow have anything to do with germany in any way ( i.e. 
  living there ) you are gravely mistaken my kind sir . 
  i 'm a serb , living in serbian union . 
  austria started the world war 1 . 
  yugoslavia merely tried to defend its borders from austria-hungarian aggression and attempts to annex it . 
  it 's only logical and any other country in the world would have done the same thing . 
  it 's politics , silly . 
  yeah , no need for that . 
  we can all be a big happy family . 
  that just breaks my heart . 
  they were such a cute couple , vucic especially with his [ pouty feminine lips ] ( http://i40.tinypic.com/kcgm75.jpg ) .
