ratings that put the us at aa or higher are doubtful at best . 
  `` ironical '' ? 
  why do so many dutch people who can not english think they can . 
  your point ? 
  yes . 
  deeply conservative . 
  that is exactly what we are . 
  completely agree . 
  makes sense a dutch guy would say that . 
  on that graph , we 'd probably come out way higher . 
   technically being right is just wrong i 'm not sure whether to laugh or cry now . 
  alright , i 'll bite . 
  how much more than $ 40 million is the netherlands committing to sending to ukraine ? 
  do remember to cite your sources . 
  some of us read things we talk about , y' know . 
  it 's not unheard of . 
  yes , [ the eu forced them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euromaidan ) / s. 
  why do n't you fuck off yourself , that 's absolute bullshit . 
  that does n't make the statement `` the turnout for the referendum about the european constitution was 63 % but bypassed . '', 
  any less false . 
  the referendum was honoured . 
   the turnout for the referendum about the european constitution was 63 % but bypassed . 
  this is a huge myth that i do n't get why people keep proliferating . 
  both france and the netherlands voted against the european constitution , and the european constitution was consequently dropped . 
  yes , the treaty of lisbon was later ratified , but that does n't mean the referendum was bypassed . 
  it was , in fact , honoured . 
  that would be true if this referendum were set up properly . 
  as it stands , nobody can honestly claim there are n't yes votes missing due to strategic voting . 
  it 's all well and good to claim `` those who did n't vote do n't want their voice heard '' if you 're on the winning side , but considering the public opinion beforehand that sounds incredibly intellectually dishonest to me . 
  the portion that comes from nl , yes , absolutely . 
  i 'm 100 % sure on that . 
  the fact that you voted to make the netherlands renege on their agreement with the eu , making them an unreliable party at the negotiations . 
   what changes do you think would satisfy the no-camp ? 
  if ukraine and eu agree on the new version of the document , what stops the same dutch party from ruining it again ? 
  none , this referendum was never about ukraine . 
  what would satisfy the no-voters is nl leaving the eu . 
  i am deeply ashamed of my country for what they just abused ukraine over . 
  they did n't do it purely because they could . 
  [ they needed funding . 
  we spent $ 40 million on this referendum , and you think we 're not in a place to financially support ukraine with a fraction of that ? 
  you think europe is a good thing , but you want the netherlands to lose their voice in the eu ? 
  i 'll have some of what you 're smoking . 
  it shows that some portion of 18 % of dutch citizens are . 
  you ca n't meaningfully extrapolate anything from this abuse of democracy . 
  it 's not even about snow , just the temperature in general . 
  to be fair , the _ only _ reason i switch to winter tires is because i tend to drive in germany in december . 
  you assumed i was an extremist nationalist even though i did n't write that . 
  should i have been a dick about that instead ? 
  i think you 're arguing a meaningless semantic point . 
  the only thing you 're disagreeing on is whether i think my culture is perfect for me , subjectively , or for the world , objectively . 
  the latter is clearly ludicrous . 
  i would never , and have never stated that . 
  nobody in their right mind would . 
  if it makes you feel any better , add `` for me '' to my very original point and we can skip the entire discussion . 
  life gets a lot easier if you just assume that `` for me '' is implied unless explicitly stated otherwise , though . 
  i genuinely believe there is no culture that i would prefer to dutch culture . 
  it 's a strong preference , that developed from what i grew up with , what my experiences have been . 
  yes , that is nationalism . 
  nationalism per se is not a bad thing . 
  all things in moderation . 
  nationalism would be problematic if i held it above , and to the exclusion of , any and all other cultures , which i do not . 
  i enjoy various aspects of various other cultures . 
  hell , there 's very little that the dutch can actually claim to be their own , rather than something picked up from either neighbours or our colourful , colonial past . 
  however , if pressed to choose between any of them , i 'll take dutch over all others . 
  i sincerely believe there is nothing wrong with that . 
  well , i honestly do n't believe there 's anything to improve on , personally . 
  if i did , i 'd have moved already . 
  i do n't presume to speak on behalf of all of europe , of course . 
  did you really think i was going to give you the answer you 're looking for ? 
  i disagree with them , but i do n't think they 're making some kind of error in judgement . 
  is n't it ? 
  i mean , thinking it is n't seems a little self-loathing to me , unless you do n't consider your own culture to be a part of your identity . 
  it 's certainly useful to keep an open mind about such things , and to be open to other cultures , but considering your own culture the best does not seem unhealthy to me . 
  it 's exactly this . 
  a culture that 's vastly different , you can sort of detachedly point and laugh . 
  like a museum piece . 
  if it 's really similar , there 's this effect of `` you idiots , if you just did this one thing differently you 'd be perfect '' which causes more ... frustration , i suppose . 
  nicotine 's mood-altering effects as a stimulant and a relaxant are pretty well defined . 
  i 'm not sure what you read on the subject but it does n't sound like it was useful information . 
  as for your second point , yes , because the prohibition practically destroyed the desire for alcohol after all , right ? 
  do n't underestimate people 's desire for anything that decreases stress . 
  you simply forgot the effect of nicotine on someone who is n't adapted to it , then . 
  it 's safe to say that not only have you not smoked before , you do n't understand why people start . 
  yes , peer pressure is an aspect , but it 's nowhere near enough . 
  the high is not `` minor '' when you start out . 
  if i look at my first cigarette vs. the first time smoking weed , i 'd say they 're pretty well comparable . 
  i 'm curious why you think alcohol has an overall positive effect on society whereas tobacco does n't . 
  alcohol kills more people who do not consume it than tobacco does . 
  i used to believe what you did . 
  then i smoked a cigarette . 
  when you first start smoking , the taste is awful . 
  you 'll probably start trying to cough your lungs out . 
  that 's the unpleasant part . 
  at the same time , the nicotine enters your lungs and takes about five seconds to spread through your bloodstream . 
  you get a little lightheaded , you get relaxed . 
  if you 're stressed , it 's exactly what you 're looking for . 
  people do n't start smoking because they `` power through the pain '' until they 're addicted . 
  there are too many smoker for them to all be that stupid . 
  it 's not a `` looking cool '' thing . 
  it really , really does something , the first few times .
