  then you get addicted , and then you need more and more just to get back to your baseline , and that 's when the regret starts to really sink in . 
  well , sort of . 
  by the end of last year , tesla had sold 63k model s in the us , and 10k in norway . 
  considering norway has about 5 million people and the us 319 million , that 's an impressive number of norwegian teslas . 
  yes , the company was founded in america , but america is the most disruptive place it could 've been founded in . 
  no other country needs , and can use , tesla more than the us . 
  there 's a reason the model s is an expensive sports car . 
  those are certainly not ordinary wall plugs , it 'd take ages to charge over those . 
  it very much depends . 
  this is most likely to be an ac plug with a few kw , which would take hours to charge . 
  fancier places , like tesla 's superchargers , use standards like chademo , which charge the battery directly over a dc connection and can get up to an hour to fully charge a 500 km battery . 
  ` even ' in the us ? 
  why would it not be rare in the us ? 
  that 's the last place i 'd look for any electric cars , what with a fuel subsidy that seems to be set up specifically to counter-balance the kyoto protocol . 
   we 'd all do that if we had a chance !, 
  people who claim they would n't are generally either lying , clueless , or have significantly stronger moral fiber than the average person . 
  considering the post you replied to included calling it loathsome , i 'm not sure what issue you 're finding here . 
  most of your points about `` rejecting democracy '' is mainly about rejecting direct democracy as opposed to representative democracy , which most countries around the world have done . 
  if ireland rejected the treaty and all other member states did not , should ireland be blocking the entire agreement ? 
  by comparison , if one member of parliament voted against a proposal , should that block that proposal for that entire country ? 
  should provisions be made to specifically work around one member 's rejection ? 
  the crisis in greece did n't just affect greece . 
  even without the european union , in the globalized world we live in now , what happens to one country affects the economy of many countries around it . 
  the eu is an institution protecting itself as a whole , and yes , that means screwing over individual members now and then . 
  the norway thing is a solid point . 
  norway got a shitty deal , but they did need it , they could n't go without it . 
  the benefits of free trade and freedom of movement outweigh the costs . 
  now , you could very well argue that the eu is an unattractive , inefficient , bureaucratic , ineffective machine , and i 'd be inclined to agree . 
  not only do they do a piss poor job at pr , but they do make an awful lot of mistakes . 
  the euro has been frightfully mismanaged at times . 
  there 's plenty of room for criticism , and i do n't mean to dissuade it . 
  however , if you truly believe the eu is broken , voting leave is absolutely the stupidest move you can make . 
  to think that the uk can just leave the eu is madness . 
  there is a huge amount of export that the british economy relies on . 
  simply leaving the eu behind is not an option . 
  the most likely outcome is something similar to the norway deal . 
  which means the uk not only gives up its rebates on eu membership and other niceties , they 've also given up any sort of power they may have had to produce some kind of reform in the eu . 
  they can only sit , watch and pay , with no say in how the money they send will be spent . 
  the uk leaving wo n't break the eu . 
  other countries following suit is unlikely at best . 
  all we 're left with is an eu that needs to debate deals and keep the economy stable throughout this mess , rather than an eu that could 've been fixed . 
  the eu does an absolutely horrid job at pr . 
  it 's this invisible thing that does loads of things nobody 's ever heard of . 
  if you saw that last week tonight special about brexit , you may have noticed there was a horrible cover of ode to joy featured . 
  that won a competition held by popular vote to all european citizens . 
  did you know about it ? 
  i did n't . 
  least we can do is spread awareness . 
  it depends on the country . 
  in the netherlands , you pay 21 % ( which is vat ) above $ 22 . 
  above $ 150 you pay additional tariffs on top of vat . 
  it 's not about race . 
  it 's about international relations . 
  islam is merely a consolidating factor for the people who feel like they were abused and robbed by the west . 
  it 's an easy way to rally people behind your cause , and it polarizes your enemy against you so that you can radicalize more people . 
  at the end of the day , what they most want is revenge on the people they blame for their living conditions . 
  the only thing that removing religion from the equation would accomplish is making that fact more obvious . 
  they can only do what their proposed and voted on resolution _ in the security council _ specifically allows them to do . 
  it is impossible to get a well-formulated , specific enough resolution through the security council unless you somehow want to achieve something that five rivaling nations all want . 
   once vvd voters cease to exist . 
  my ... we 're optimistic , are n't we ? 
  she fucked up so badly she got the youth to go out and vote . 
  that never happens . 
  i 'm mostly ambivalent , but i do n't even believe this country can be _ called _ united , let alone that the monarchy has anything to do with any unity that does exist . 
  what has the monarchy ever done to harm you ? 
  nothing except cost millions in taxes . 
  what have they done to help you ? 
  nothing , not even forge contracts . 
  the idea of censorship and hate speech laws being okay is , at least in the netherlands , older than the country of the united states itself . 
  so , no , if anything the us is anti-western . 
  the way america at large defines freedom is n't entirely compatible with the way most of europe does . 
  so assuming we mean the american ideal of freedom , the answer to your question is yes , yes it is . 
  you can generally do something like this and if you 're lucky it 'll stay up for a few minutes . 
  it 's fairly quickly reverted after that and the page will be protected a short while later . 
  a lot is already done on wikipedia 's side . 
  there 's a reason you get screenshots of this sort of thing , not links . 
  it 's never really been about integration . 
  it was about cheap labour and saving money on our side , while simply not giving a fuck about the societal issues it 'd cause down the line . 
  sounds very vvd , but you are absolutely right . 
  american flags represent american values . 
  american values are a long way off from anything that could be considered `` western '' values . 
  there 's something to be said for the fact that the us is a country entirely built on immigration , with a culture that naturally evolved to be easy to assimilate . 
  be honest , it 's not like any of the immigrants adapted to native americans in any way . 
  europe has history going back far longer , and in general most of the population has roots in the same country going back many generations . 
  immigration has never been as big of a thing . 
  i think it 's dishonest to try and compare the two in any way . 
  that 's a dutch expression too , although i would n't soon use it in this context . 
  interesting . 
  apparently it 's a shortened form of ` hoeverre ' . 
   so , as i told you , in countries were fgm is the norm , it should not be outlawed ? 
  in countries where it is the norm , changing the law to allow it will have very little effect . 
   also , i do n't understand why if they are fewer the chance is lower . 
  or you mean the total ammount will be lower ? 
  because you 're not going to learn how to perform a medical procedure and take the risks of doing it illegally for one customer . 
  you should try reading what i 'm saying , not what you think i 'm saying . 
  if it is a few people who perform awful medical procedures , it is safer to outlaw them than when it is a larger group . 
  the fewer who wish to do it , the lower the chance of it happening illegitimately . 
  this is not a difficult concept . 
  perhaps . 
  as you can tell by my flair , i 'm not german , so i ca n't be specific .
