it ends at the urals . 
  and thus began the process of british domination . 
  all thanks to the dutch . 
  you can . 
   i would love if westerners keep their hands of my kin . 
  this thread concerns kazakhstan . 
  they are more than happy to interact with the west and take western money . 
  it 's a geographical definition , not a cultural one . 
  [ this is generally accepted definition of europe . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/europe_orthographic_caucasus_urals_boundary_%28with_borders%29.svg ), 
  i think it 's fair to say that we 're all in eurasia . 
  1169 to 1949 is 780 years . 
  you can round that figure up to 800 but saying `` over 700 years '' is still correct . 
  i think it is a cassini projection . 
  [ partitions of poland . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partitions_of_poland ), 
  that 's minor compared european countries on the continent . 
  britain was invaded by the celts , romans , gaels , saxons/angles/jutes , vikings , normans , and the dutch . 
   over 700 years . 
  i 'm counting from 1171 ( norman invasion ) to 1949 ( became a republic ) . 
  that is 778 years . 
  why ? 
  ireland is probably among the least invaded countries in europe . 
  you were occupied by england/britain for over 700 years . 
  poland 's location made it very susceptible to invasion . 
  i do n't think they did . 
  i ca n't find anything about italy invading poland . 
  i can only find information about italians fighting alongside the the polish in the january uprising . 
  zorro takes places in california . 
  what part of mexico ? 
   but it 's hardly the fault of the system . 
  no , it 's not . 
  and that 's why i do n't want to adopt direct democracy . 
  why would i not want to reverse the decision to not allow same-sex couples to marry ? 
  opposition to it is mostly based on bigotry and ignorance . 
  germany is one example but most countries which legalised it managed to do it without a popular vote . 
  my issue with direct democracy is that it 's harder to reverse decisions made by a popular vote . 
  highlighting the problem is fine but he lied to do it . 
  he could have got on a southern train during rush hour and achieved the same thing . 
  i disagree . 
  direct democracy is fine some issues but civil rights should not be decided by a popular vote . 
  women in one canton did n't get the vote until 1991 . 
  ireland had a referendum on same-sex marriage which is risky in my opinion . 
  i do n't think the south of england will be too happy with us leaving since they all work here . 
  i 'd be fine with london becoming a city-state . 
  we 're too different at this stage . 
  are you conflating liberalism and left-wing politics ? 
  we 're not america . 
  i 'm really concerned about the brazilians . 
  they 'll overtake the natives soon if something is n't done . 
  brexit is n't a democratic crisis though . 
  it is democracy in action . 
  it is the result of direct democracy . 
  the crisis is how we 're going to do it without self-harming ourselves . 
   plazas and statues spread across the city . 
  london has much more modern buildings and skyscrapers . 
  london has all of that as well . 
  none of that would make them more european than london . 
  barcelona , paris , barcelona , and london are all in europe . 
  neither is more european than the other . 
   st. petersburg includes those narrow canals ( like amsterdam ) , an old/retro looking metrostation ( like paris ) , many old buildings and some other stuff that i would call typically for some european cities . 
  in fact , to me st. petersburg looks more european than london or berlin . 
  how can st petersburg look more european than london ? 
  what is your definition of `` european '' ? 
  being open to and experiencing other cultures . 
  interacting with people of different backgrounds . 
  someone who speaks several languages is generally considered to be cosmopolitan . 
  you clearly did n't go to many cities then . 
  do you honestly think london looks the same as paris or cambridge looks the same as bordeaux ? 
  you do n't know what `` cosmopolitan '' means so stop using the word . 
   being cosmopolitan means that you do n't have your own culture ( or you hate your own culture ) so you do n't know what `` cosmopolitan '' means . 
   so you have to import other nations ' culture and values . 
  every country has done that since they came into existence . 
  what does `` cosmopolitan mean ? 
  why is it a bad thing ? 
   everybody has an opinion on the government and it 's a lot more nuanced than the constant name calling that you see from some other countries ( who else has immediately stopped reading somebody 's political argument the moment you read `` libtards '' , `` liberal cucks '' , or `` right-wing fascists '' ? ) . 
  `` liberal metropolitan elite '' `` remoaners '' `` the only good tory is a dead tory '' i could go on . 
  there is n't a consistent definition of british values . 
  it depends on who you talk to . 
  and most of the uk is n't cosmopolitan . 
   while moscow is n't ( while moscow is geographic in europe ) . 
  why ? 
   ukraine is a vague borderzone , although i do think that it is more european than west/central-asian , as kazakhstan is . 
  ukraine is in europe . 
  what makes it any less european than belarus , hungary , or the baltic countries ? 
  they were n't part of the british army . 
  they had their own armies . 
  stop trying to minimise the role of the british in the battle . 
  no , they were n't . 
  the british army was made up of 25,000 british soldiers and 6000 king 's german legion . 
  it seems that the war started because the turks were angry at the allies for occupying turkish lands . 
  that tends to happen when you lose a war . 
  it 's funny considering turkish history . 
  the ottoman empire was good at it . 
  i 'll be honest . 
  i find it odd that it 's called the turkish war of independence . 
  although , i understand why turks themselves would call it that . 
  turkey was the primary state in the ottoman empire . 
  they also invaded armenia during the war . 
  cash and debit cards .
