aaaaah multiculturalism . 
  feels good senpai . 
  at least we can explain why the medias reaction to these attacks is so pathetic if there are more of these `` journalists '' . 
   retaliation of the arrest of abdeslam . 
  no way !, 
  :o ok now i need an english or german souce . 
  i will post it here if i find one . 
  edit : [ dont know how credible this source is but at least it \u00b4 s english ] . 
  ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/653818/molenbeek-terror-raid-paris-attacks-salah-abdeslam-belgium-riot-police ), 
  what happened ? 
  any english or german sources ? 
  i read the comments in here and no one here has drawn the obvious conclusion . 
  these very enterprising young gentleman ( aka . 
  drug dealers ) were in danger of missing out on their profits since their business model depends on discretion . 
  and to add insult to injury the evil man in his privilige chair tried to run them over !, 
   you even see the police go to one of them in the film . 
  um dont they say their presence is `` provoking '' ? 
  and dont they leave the camer crew alone for that reason ? 
  that video made me pretty uncomfortable . 
  i \u00b4 m not a big fan of roma beggers but holy fuck thats pretty low . 
  i hope they are held responsible for the 3 people that died because of their actions . 
  unfortunately these people dont get the concept of responsiblity . 
  they propbaly think they are heros for making them cross that river to get from a save eu country to a non eu country . 
  it \u00b4 s kind of absurd to be honest . 
  it \u00b4 s going to come back dont worry . 
  uhm yes it does work if parents want their children to learn the language and actually give a damn about the future of their children . 
   a gymnasium is n't where you 'll find the immigrants though . 
  yea thats what i was trying to say . 
  forgot that most school systems are different from austrian ones . 
  i went to a gymnasium school in a district with the most immigrants per capita in austria and we had 2 immigrants in a class of 30 . 
  kinda racist to teach in swedish in sweden . 
  your absolutely right . 
  how could the people ever expect that swedish is the official language in sweden / s, 
  i think the 1 million young gentlesirs from the arabian peninsula and afghanistan had a little bit more influence on the negative outcome of this situation than russia today propaganda . 
  and lets not forget that merkel herself poured gasoline into the fire by encouraging the half third world to pack their bags . 
  merkel needs to go . 
  making deals with this crazy dictator isnt going to solve the problem . 
  it \u00b4 s only making it worse . 
  europe needs to sanction and isolate turkey as long as even one migrants crosses the border with greece . 
  we have been too soft for too long . 
  they definitly can . 
   eu institutions austria, 
  yea because no one would have any negative feelings towards migrants without russia interfering . 
  if you lived the past 20 years under a rock this is news . 
  what did they expect ? 
  uhm yes it does . 
  a country is acutually obliged to secure the outer schengen borders . 
  people would strand in greece and they simply wouldent come if there is no chance to welfare shop around eu countries . 
  open border activism explained in one headline . 
  and hes absolutely right . 
  he is acutally the only politician i respect enough right now that i would want him as chancelor . 
  huh so merkel and kurz are manipulating the masses ? 
  enlighten me whats their real plan here ? 
  4 ) take greece out of schengen if they cant control their non - schengen borders which is something they are obliged to do anyways . 
  i \u00b4 m not german and i will never feel german in any way so go back to your bunker adolf . 
  i hope this is sarcasm . 
  if not you are beyond repair my friend . 
  what ? 
  no multiculturalism just means that two cultures live together in a country . 
  it has nothing to do with beeing an immigrant country . 
  south african apartheid state was a multicultural state for example . 
  `` some '' yea like 60 % even by eu sources . 
  until the people that can acutally help the people in need in their home countries are in need aswell . 
  cutting the food program for syrian migrant camps was a huge misstake . 
  if a country cant control its schengen borders it is not fit to stay in the european union.its that simple . 
  i would definitly rather see the 3 quazillion merkel sent to erdogan invested in greeces border defence but the sultan is obviously more trusted than greece / s. 
  how dare you say we austrians dont have a sense of humor !, 
  i will sue you for defamation and hatespeech . 
  austria had just as many people that travelled through with the difference that a big portion of them stayed . 
  maybe greece should think about deploying their navy because most countries except germany maybe couldnt give two fucks what happens when a country is unwilling to protect its schengen border and then cries because people come to their country . 
  they need the pressure otherwise it will never change . 
  i think the swedish stereotype change a bit in the last years my friend . 
  yea and ? 
  there is always a country you can make more . 
  if i go to swizerland i make 100 % more money flipping burgers than working in austria . 
  but croatia is far from beeing a poor country . 
  have you even been to croatia ? 
  they have a big tourism industry . 
  want you describe is basically a philosophical problem . 
  the question is if you consider making decision based on certain universal priciples better or making decisions that anticipate the outcome of a situation . 
  its called deontological vs teleological decision making . 
  for example if your universal pricipal is that you should never lie and a murder is in front of your door and asks if your roommate is home a deotologist would tell the truth even though the person was murdered . 
  a teleologist would lie even though he knows lying is wrong because he anticipates the outcome of the situation . 
  the whole refugee situation is basically explainable by two blocks of states that are deontologists vs teleologists . 
  ( germany + eu vs visegrad states ) . 
  what ? 
  they had like 10.000 asylum claims ? 
  thats 10 % of austria . 
  why leave croatia ? 
  i fell in love with your country last summer . 
  definitly the most beautiful in europe i have been so far . 
  bw are bros aswell . 
  for sure . 
  the gay refugees are genuinly refugees and should be treated like that . 
  the scum that `` fled '' their country just to harass people in germany should be sent back asap . 
  austro bavarian republic anyone ? 
  dude thats fucked up . 
  seriously why do we allow people like these to live amongst us ? 
  they have nothing to do with our free western societies and they basically hate us . 
  yea like barely anybody cares about anything .
