you think so ? 
  i mostly buy alcohol at edeka , but i do n't think i 've been carded once in the last two years . 
  maybe i look older than i think i do . 
  that mostly counts for large ( r ) cities . 
  i grew up in a rural area and you definitely could n't live their without a car . 
  the next anything ( supermarket , doctor , school , etc. ), 
  is 10km away and there is no public transport . 
  everyone living in rural areas , towns and in the suburbs has cars here . 
  i now live in a city of 500k inhabitants . 
  i live right in the middle between the city centre and the city limits and there are over 6 supermarkets i can walk to within 5 minutes , 2 banks , 3 pharmacies and 3 drugstores . 
  there are buses , trams and a metro system . 
  the longest you 'd have to wait for a bus or metro is 20 minutes , but that is late in the evening . 
  usually there is something coming at least ever 5-10 minutes . 
  i actually do have a car here because i still need to use it when i 'm visiting my parents in the village , but i pretty much never actually use it in the city . 
  pretty much the only time i do is when i have to buy a lot of cases of drinks . 
  probably not , unless you have bad luck . 
  i eat dinner around 10-12pm which is super late for germany . 
  most people eat around 7ish pm . 
  the village i grew up in still has a lot of it 's medieval centre standing . 
  i live in nuremberg which still has a few of the original medieval buildings , but most of the city centre was destroyed during the war . 
  the same with the processions , but we eat [ cake geese ] ( http://www.die-biokueche.de/uploads/pics/martinsgaense.jpg ) instead of real ones . 
  i do n't think i 've ever been to any german islands . 
  i 've been to great britain , ile sainte marguerite in france and crete . 
  yes , we have that !, 
  they do n't only bring beer here , but other drinks as well . 
  the beer man also always used to give me and my brother candy when we were children so he was like my favourite person ever . 
  true . 
  we did that in school so i forgot about it . 
  there are more unsafe areas in every city . 
  i live in a safe one , yet i still would n't enjoy wandering around the are of the main train station in the middle of the night because there are some dodgy people around . 
  we read some poetry , especially in the last couple years , but never had to learn it by heart . 
  i 've dated two spanish people , but it was while i was living in spain myself . 
  they were more chill in some ways ( more of a `` let 's see how it goes '' attitude for everything ) and less chill in others ( much more jealous ) . 
  it 's quite a process . 
  you have to take a theoretical course ( 14 lessons \u00e0 90min ) and pass a theoretical test . 
  for the practical tests it 's basically as many lessons as you need ( most people i know did around 25 ) , but you always have to do 12 mandatory `` special '' ones ( 5 on country roads , 4 on the highway and 3 by night ) . 
  the cost is around 1500-2000 $ . 
  we have the same rule about automatics , but pretty much nobody does that anyway . 
  the practical test itself takes 45min , takes place on country roads , the highway and in city traffic and you also have to answer questions about the car ( i had to show how to check the oil level ) . 
  native berlinians ( ? ), 
  are definitely considered to be rude . 
  not in an arrogant way though . 
  huh , til . 
  i knew austria was small , but i did n't think it had * that * few people . 
  i always find mezzo-mix super gross . 
  only glass spezi is good spezi . 
  i kind of think of it as big bavaria . 
  if it 's colder than like 8 \u00b0 c i stop . 
  yes !, 
  all concept of orderly behaviour goes out the window once the bus comes . 
  because some old lady will scream at me if i do n't wait . 
  german ( native ) , english ( fluent ) , spanish ( fluent ) , french ( meh ), 
  i live 15km from the czech border . 
  i 'm there occasionally when i have to buy lots of alcohol for a party because it 's cheaper there . 
  and to buy hazelnut wafers . 
  none really . 
  i 'm probably least interested in the scandinavian countries , but even with those it 's not that i do n't want to ever visit them and more that there just are other countries higher on my list . 
  if one of my friends asked me to go there tomorrow i 'd still say yes . 
  na , that would be odd . 
  nobody here could pronounce them and i have a super german surname . 
  at least with an irish father i 'd have an excuse for naming them that . 
  otherwise it would just look like i 'm trying to be a special snowflake . 
  i always said that i 'll have to marry an irish guy so that i can name my kid saoirse or r\u00f3is\u00edn . 
  love those names . 
  germany is the most popular holiday destinations for germans . 
  there 's no such thing here . 
  we do have a sort of spirit week , but it 's just for seniors to fuck around and has nothing to do with school spirit in any way . 
  there are no school mascots , colors or songs . 
  there are some clubs ( for example orchestra and theatre in my school ) , but generally only the people participating care about it at . 
  according to my grandma , parasites . 
  all the uncooked porky things we eat probably were n't as hygienic in the past as they are now . 
  semesterbeitrag is just a fee for a type of student union ( they take care of dorms , cafeterias and other services for students ) and a subsidized ticket for public transport . 
  how much depends on the uni , but it 's often somewhere between 100 and 200 $ / semester . 
  true . 
  i assumed they just meant in terms of tuition . 
  true . 
  i 've been to all of the administrative areas in bavaria at least . 
  yes , it is . 
  i 've been to only two . 
  just bavaria ( where i 'm from ) and berlin . 
  i 'm actually planing a road trip through germany with some of my friends because it bothers me that i have been to more regions in some other countries than in my own . 
  europa for both . 
  we do n't have them . 
  i 'd like to try them sometime because the only thing i know about them is that they are apparently super gross and i want to see for myself . 
  i live close to the german-czech border and before the czech republic joined the schengen area there were border posts on every street that crossed the border and you always had to show your passport . 
  i remember it always being very relaxed though . 
  we often just showed our passports through the window and it was fine . 
  nowadays the border post buildings are still there , but they are n't usually manned anymore . 
  there might still be spot-checks , but those never happened to me personally . 
  bad storms and floods occasionally . 
  though the worst that usually happens in my area is that some basements fill up with water or that a tree breaks off and falls on the street . 
  nothing that would require volunteer response . 
  not really . 
  there are some more shady areas where i live which i 'd say is the case in every big city . 
  like i would n't linger around the train station at 3am by myself , but nothing like you 're describing . 
  there was a law about it in 1995 that was overthrown , but they just made a new one soon after . 
  it 's pretty much the same thing . 
  they now just also state that if you have a problem with it for justifiable reasons then they might look for a solution on an individual basis . 
  edit : bayeug art. 7 abs . 
  4 if you want to look it up .
