cuba is an island nation . 
  that puts a huge dent into the logistics of any outside aid to an opposition movement . 
  trust me , if you are n't a member of the government in cuba , you have hated it for at least the past 30 years . 
  the percentage of brainwashed citizens who believe in the government is very very low . 
  turkey erdogan . 
  united states trump . 
  france le pen ? 
  what the fuck is happening . 
  are we all heading toward `` peak suffering '' ? 
  the united states will not become isolationist . 
  the trump presidency will be a 4 year dumpster fire that the next administration will have to clean up . 
  there is no way that he is elected for another four years , barring some false flag terrorist attacks or some crazy power seizure by trump/the republican party . 
  he 's only been president four two months but his policy decisions and his cabinet choices are a recipe for an economic melt down . 
  republican voters are stupid , but even they look back negatively on the bush administration and trump makes bush look like a philosopher king . 
  well in that case i totally agree with you . 
  i thought we designed policies based on laws and liberties and things like that , not on like ... . you know ... peoples subjective points of view . 
  but now that you 've cleared that up . 
  yeah those turkish expatriates should totally be able to vote on issues happening inside turkey . 
  that is the stupidest reason i 've ever heard to allow someone to take part in shaping the political process of a country they do n't even live in . 
  your country is wherever you live . 
  wherever you pay taxes . 
  wherever the laws of the land affect you . 
  these people do n't live in turkey . 
  turkey is not their country !, 
  russia is a hollowed out husk . 
  america soon will be . 
  and we want the rest of the world to join us . 
  starting with one of the most prosperous regions on earth , europe . 
  no one can have nice things !, 
  we can commiserate together . 
  im just stating my opinion . 
  you can do whatever you want . 
  i know where it is geographically . 
  i choose to think about it in a different way however . 
  to each his own . 
  you joke but i 'm scared this might actually happen . 
  he 's defunding the tsa ( the organization that monitors airports ) . 
  trump would love a terrorist attack to occur so he could get his base riled up and have a good deflection from his horrible ineptitude . 
  and defunding the tsa seems like a relatively good way to up the odds of that happening . 
  i know i 'm going to be down voted for this . 
  but until islam in turkey is as much of a relic as christianity in france , i refuse to consider turkey as part of europe . 
  if it was a test question in a geography class . 
  i would answer yes . 
  but thats where i draw the line . 
  also i look at it from the perspective of if i were living in turkey . 
  having to live through 40 years of dictatorship . 
  thats like half my life . 
  i could possibly die before it ends even . 
  that would be horrible . 
  so its not exactly a stroll in the park . 
  could you please back this up with some more details ? 
  while i understand that a civil war would result in a great loss of life , the idea that erdogan might be thrust out of power is still an uplifting thought . 
  i would like to know more about this possible impending civil war . 
  dont count him out at the rate with which medical science is advancing . 
  if he lives 25 more years he might be able to amputate his head and put it on a robot body , and be lord of turkey forever . 
  ( the second sentence is obviously a joke , the first isnt . 
  he very well could live another 30 with just what we have going on right now . 
  after all , fidel castro lived to be 90 . 
  so erdogan would need 33 years to match ? 
  3 years is n't a terrible difference . ), 
  it was probably a mixture of both . 
  some people were planning a coup , and they heard that there was a purge coming , so they improvised , but the government knew it was going to happen all along . 
  i refuse to believe such an inept coup was completely by chance . 
  also the swiftness with which hundreds of officials were purged after the coup clearly demonstrates that the government was just itching for something to happen . 
  fine , after the dictator dies sometimes things get better . 
  but are we really going to sit here and say that the silver lining to all of this is that turkey might turn around in 30-40 years after erdogan has died ? 
  change ? 
  how so ? 
  do you mean the dictator changes for the better ? 
  or that the country changes for the worst ? 
  i dont see how erdogan is going to leave . 
  power is self perpetuating . 
  once you get a government off its rails , it does n't take much time for things to go from bad to worse , to insane . 
  the only way things would change would be constant opposition from the populace up until the point of civil war . 
  but the populace never `` feels '' like going through with such extreme measures until they are starving , or until they really do have a dictator on their hands . 
  but by then its always too late . 
  turkey is finished . 
  they let erdogan take power . 
  that fake coup was the last step . 
  now he 's never leaving . 
  now we get to watch a somber history in the making , as turkey disintegrates right before our eyes , little by little , every year . 
  there are many allusions to christianity . 
  like eru iluvatar being a singular creator deity ( christian god ) and melkor being a fallen `` angel '' obsessed with ruining `` god 's '' plan ( satan ) . 
  but if we are going to credit all of tolkien 's world building to christianly then we might as well credit all of islam to christianity , and then all of islam and christianity to judaism , and then credit all of islam , christianity , and judaism to zoroastrianism . 
  no , as a member of a christian family raised in this religion i can tell you that from an early age i hated sunday school . 
  jesus from a literary point of view is so fucking boring . 
  he 's a mary sue . 
  he 's the most two dimensional character ever . 
  such a goody goody , unrealistic character . 
  now the greek gods . 
  those were some true , multifaceted characters . 
  so pernicious , so much like us , so often falling into folly and dooming themselves . 
  now thats interesting . 
  poor medusa , a temple priestess raped by poseidon and then turned into a hideous monster . 
  that story made me feel more deeply than anything in the bible . 
  and if anyone wants to say that religion is just a thin veneer of fantasy laid over a poorly disguised attempt at imposing rules and orthodoxy , then no where is this more apparent then in the abhorrent abrahamic religions , which frankly leave a lot to be desired in the realm of `` fantasy '' . do this , do that , dont do this , dont do that , kill here , enslave here , genocide this group of people , murder gays , hate women , and dont question anything because god totally exists and if theres anything that he irrationally hates more than disagreeing with him its thinking for yourself !, 
  a really hard to read , and boring sub category of sci-fi/fantasy . 
  id rather pray to the silmarillion than the bible/koran , any day . 
  less convoluted . 
  please tell me this is a lie form a conservative news outlet ?
