  i 'll prefer the democratically elected government route thanks , rather than 90 academics ' secretaries spouting waffle . 
  ( way too many germans also . ), 
  it 's worse that you stamped it in front of him . 
  makes you look like the kind of guy who just carries 1 ticket for like 6 months and only stamps it when the inspector shows up . 
  i think he had no choice really . 
  this kin dof crap has happened to me a few times in berlin although i normally do get a monthly ticket also . 
  news just in . 
  france has poor areas too !, 
  personally i used to live in geneva , oft cited best city in the world , and there are so many ` ghetto ' areas . 
  i do n't think there 's any large city that does n't have poor areas . 
  can somebody explain when this austerity will start to pay off and how ? 
  here they predict 2 years of negative growth and rising unemployment , by which time wo n't the bottom just fall out ? 
  markit data today suggests spain and italy are looking soon at 2008 levels of recession , * and it 's self inflicted !, 
  how very dare you !, 
  omg onoez , runs around hysterically, 
  i hear you on the wage front but life in germany is also relatively cheap ( but it 's going up i feel ) . 
  that 's the issue really , seems there has been inflation in other countries and they never really had the economy to support that . 
  the euro is overstrong which is causing the problem . 
  now it 's leading to a breakdown of growth production and that could end up a bottomless pit . 
   now we should continue to work our asses off so they get out of their mess . 
  i think no amount of work and production in germany can hold up another country , it 's pointless trying . 
  it 's the system that is wrong . 
  well at least we have the chance to work and achieve something right ? 
  germany is doing well now but we need to pass that growth on . 
  of course there are problems with poverty etc. 
  in germany but i think it 's much worse outside . 
  not necessarily the government but also the bankers etc. 
  they are a shame to germany to be honest . 
  the thing is most german people do n't see this , life is going well , because we are hard working and awesome right ? 
  actually we are just partying at somebody elses expense . 
  what is happening in europe now is evil pure and simple . 
  i 'm not sure if you can blame germany and france ( well you ca n't of course ) but something is wrong . 
  really it may be possible , i have no trust whatsoever in the motives of these people . 
  do n't take your passport , it 's not worth the risk losing it . 
  you wo n't get carded ( unless you look 12 ) . 
  most continental europeans have a credit card sized id which is apparantly something you should always have . 
  i do n't have one ( uk born ) , but if i ever had issues i just say that in my country we do n't generally carry id , the police will understand . 
  if people feel this way then it should be represented . 
  i do n't actually believe there are enough hard right people to cause some kind of mass forced exodus of immigrants . 
  but if this issue has been swept under the carpet for the last 20 years maybe it 's good to discuss it . 
  things could even turn out better . 
  illegal immigration obviously can be dangerous for the immigrant if they are living outside society . 
  it is the responsibility of governments to take care of their citizens , as it is the responsibility of the citizen to be law abiding . 
  good money after bad . 
  this is incredible . 
  it could also be an issue that women/families are forced to sacrifice having children over career in this society . 
  a comfortable stand alone family now needs 2 incomes really . 
  women also want to work and have careers of course , i 'm not going all antifeminist . 
  just heard a woman on the radio the other day lamenting this . 
  well we 've been fed the idea that good human beings welcome mass immigration with open arms . 
  it 's ok to challenge that notion and not stick a racist label on it . 
  what i am seeing from some fairly right groups ( e.g. 
  ukip , fn ) , might not necessarily be bad . 
  emigration causes a drain on talent and workforce , and the money we spend establishing them here might be better off building up their own countries . 
  it might be a better model , worth thinking about . 
  i 'm horrified by the behaviour of some german businessmen/bureaucrats/policy makers/bankers . 
  i do n't even know who is causing this . 
  it might just equally be brussels . 
  it actually upsets me a lot . 
  i 'm not german by the way , just i lived here so long . 
  still yet i have nothing to do with the bild reading public , most of my friends are foreign ( ok we read bild also but do n't get political ideology from there ) . 
  i think there is a growing sense of that germany has to change it 's views on europe . 
  and paradise is one thing but if it 's just a bubble it wo n't be paradise much longer . 
  i think we really need to look at what we want from europe , and we need growth outside of germany urgently . 
  i think it 's generally agreed amongst my friends that germany is the only place with a stable base for chemistry jobs . 
  you have the industry ( basf , bayer etc. 
  ) , then plenty of research institutes ( max planck , helmholtz , frauenhofer etc. 
  ) , then academia . 
  i 'm not sure how us is , but the rest of continental europe , japan and uk , it 's not a good time to be a chemist now . 
  but i expect these things will go in a circle , by the time you finish your phd i hope the situation is better globally . 
  it certainly would yes . 
  at the moment it 's a great place for science and technology jobs . 
  also for postgraduate studies etc. 
  if you 've got a chemistry/pharmacy/chem . 
  degree theres a job for you here , my workplace is looking . 
  cheap higher education is a good point , most of the girls i know between 20 and 30 are in some education program . 
  they should cut a year from the german education system ( whilst adding a year to the uk one , but i think they already did that ) . 
  i believe they even start primary school 1 year later than most . 
  or add much more support for women who want to study and have children . 
  although they do try this , the mindset has not caught up yet it seems . 
  good point , but the fact still remains that a majority of men do not like sitting down to pee . 
  unless you are brought up doing that . 
  as a non german being told how to piss ( and any guy who cohabits with a german girl has been told this ) , well you are in our country now , you must toilet like we do . 
  maybe that is what is offputting more than the actual act . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  i can tell you living in wedding in berlin , there are plenty of muslims here . 
  although i agree that fertility rates are influenced heavily by the immigrant population . 
  there are some pretty strong incentives for people earning well to have children and get married in germany in the form of income tax cuts . 
  but then after you 've got on the career ladder you 're 30 + . 
  in uk and maybe france support is given more at the benefits stage , but this may also exist in germany . 
  i do n't know much about that side . 
  i 'm worried in 20-30 years time eu will have lost half it 's talent base , because these kids growing up in extreme poverty , except the rare genius ones , well they are going to amount to nothing . 
  that 's the cold truth of it . 
  this is the biggest shame of all this euro crisis , we are losing potential talent , and this is what will eventually bury europe as a world power . 
  what kind of fucking ruling class forces austerity in these conditions . 
  what a total disgrace . 
  i would say that is a sign of something wrong with the social structure in the west . 
  there are some issues with things such as affordability of housing ( my spanish friends talk about this ) . 
  a lot of people still live with their parents . 
  other thing is career .
