  i bet you any money that was done by one of the illegal immigrants in berlin . 
  ukip are the anti-euro and immigration-sceptic party in uk . 
  well . 
  the leader nigel farage has made many comments about how stupid the whole economic situation is in eurozone and he is actually pretty experienced economics wise , he has some good arguments . 
  he 's also very funny , especially in the european parliament ( hes an mep ) . 
  but mainly stating ukip i was trolling a bit , 
  solution : make certain countries pay tax when they export items to other eu countries , so that some countries can import things within eu for cheaper . 
  the taxation can be changed relative to the changing perceived strengths of each countries ' economies . 
  maybe it 's full of shit but i have n't heard it before and i 'd give you an a. 
  ( otherwise , ukip + farage ), 
  search ukip and nigel farage . 
  ` lets hate ourselves because we 're white ' porn . 
  where else would you read about this except in the guardian . 
  this story is totally fucked up . 
  that is the whole idea in islam . 
  what happens in this life means nothing , just testing you to see if you can get into paradise . 
  you 're opinion is reasonable , those advocating just opening the gates to anybody are completely irresponsible . 
  i was under the impression that they just got automatic residency if they turn up in sweden and are from syria . 
  which is all well and good , but i 'm sure that sweden can not handle the amount of syrian refugees that would arrive there if such an offer existed . 
  it would be an exodus of biblical proportions but people moving out of the promised land instead of into it . 
   following a decision to offer permanent residency to all syrians , wtf !, 
  wow . 
  europe used to be part of britain . 
  thanks for doing this , good job on the translation . 
  absolute moronic losers . 
  only 18 and already got caught , most of their type can keep a rape circle going for decades . 
  old people in germany are either really nice or just savage hooligans . 
  you probably know a lot of uk things like sherlock and doctor who but coronation street is about the closest thing you can get to modern shakespeare * , or eastenders , but i think coro ' is better lately . 
  * ( before i get downvoted to hell i must put in a disclaimer that these are cheesy soap operas , but they are the most watched shows in uk and occasionally are awesome ) . 
  edit : ooh ooh i just thought of another one . 
  the jeremy kyle show , i 'd imagine your reaction to that would make a fun podcast . 
  it 's been escalating since the islamic revolution in iran and the religion taking over in pakistan with zia ul haq . 
  so since about the 1980s . 
  it 's kind of a product of ww1 ,2 and the cold war . 
  putting the blame on the current governments is not going to come up with any solutions . 
  no , believe me , rotherham is the tip of the iceberg . 
  grooming , forced marriages , honour killings , forcibly taking 12 year old girls from school to go back to india to get betrothed , female genital mutilation . 
  no person born in britain should have to live by these rules , but it happens all the time , and the police turn a blind eye . 
  if netherlands is anything like uk , then this is unfortunately not bullshit . 
  one thing is for sure , there are outreach groups and so on that help to include social inequality as mitigating circumstances . 
  the police in rotherham did n't want to try to prosecute . 
  this is just how things are . 
  now you can call me a racist or nazi . 
  what i am actually saying is that these people are not inherently violent , but they have less disincentive to cause violence because their communities have been getting away with it for a generation . 
  the law should be used as a tool to expediate integration . 
  i agree with you on this one but i do n't think white dutch would be as barbaric as to kick the girl when she 's down . 
  why ? 
  because they have too much to lose . 
  in germany this is straight up grievious bodily harm . 
  i know because i was a ` victim ' of this . 
  2 drunk teenagers pushed me off a bench when i was also blind drunk after a tense world cup game . 
  even though i was n't harmed at all , because it was 2 vs 1 , it 's gbh ( gef\u00e4hrlicher k\u00f6rperverletzung ) . 
  i did n't try to press charges , did n't even care ( some other guys called the police after seeing it ) . 
  but in this case , this could and should be something like a 2 year sentence . 
  but it wo n't be , because minorities have immunity . 
  the old race card , poor misunderstood immigrants . 
  i think it 's a nice propoganda poster from a historical point of view , i just did n't get the title having ec capitalised because it 's strictly not true . 
  i did n't know that it states ` european community ' in the poster itself . 
  i was expecting a more modern propaganda piece about the current ec/eu from the title that is all . 
  sorry for that . 
  i guess the poster is still kind of relevant today . 
  i think that represents france still being under the influence of the nazi occupation , as he has a gun in his back . 
  because when this poster was made , there was no european community . 
  there was a european community of course , but the first version of ec was in 1950 , and it certainly did n't include us . 
  unless this has been modified from the original , i ca n't read russian . 
  this poster has nothing at all to do with the european community but suggests that the allies will stab themselves in the back as soon as they get a chance to divide up europe . 
  it 's more history porn than anything . 
  by european community you mean the allied coalition in ww2 . 
  how does this get to front page ? 
  edit : oops i was on / new . 
  anyway , the title is misleading . 
  with events in syria , libya , yemen etc. 
  i think that iraq would have gone up anyway , probably worse than it would be if us did n't get involved . 
  what is going on in that region is a sectarian war between arab funded sunnis and shias who are mostly represented in iran . 
  basically a proxy war between iran and saudi arabia . 
  we do n't know what would have happened if the coalition did n't go into afghanistan and iraq when they did . 
  imagine a taliban state like isis but taking half of pakistan also . 
  that is scary . 
  isis control a few shitty towns in a desert , pakistan has nukes . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you but i 'd look at sugar first as the main factor . 
  i have come to the conclusion that eating/hunger is a subconscious thing and if your hormones are all out of line due to taking in toxic chemicals then your body will just be more hungry than it needs to be . 
  like type 2 diabetes , your body ( insulin system ) forgets how to use carbohydrates so you just crave more and more of them , which makes your body even less efficient at using them . 
  at this stage it 's pretty much irreversible . 
  sex hormones are also involved in that , as obviously women store fat more readily than men , so if toxins are messing with that then it can have an effect . 
  i know and i 've been letting it slip lately , i should say , being obese is worse . 
  i have been both , being obese shoudl equate to about 2 packs per day , being overweight maybe 1 pack per day . 
  at least thats how it feels , ( even though i hav enever been on 2 packs per day ) . 
  despite that though , i have perfect lung volume , blood pressure , heart rate , and i 've smoked for 20 years . 
  being obese for 20 years wrecks your body much more . 
  yes the banks . 
  the german equivalent of the bank of england , bundesbank ?? 
  my mind 's gone blank at the moment lol . 
  i think that 's possible but hopefully any toxins we are facing should be in moderation so that they do n't cause such mass epidemics of obesity . 
  certainly though , i think obesity is more than just people eating more and being more lazy than they used to be . 
  it 's good that people are looking into these other factors . 
  you do n't need to look into trace contaminants , it 's refined sugars that fuck up your insulin . 
  humans just are n't supposed to eat that much . 
  it causes a downward spiral into insulin resistance aka . 
  metabolic syndrome aka . 
  early onset diabetes type 2 .
