  external cultures can be very enriching ( e.g. 
  in uk , nice food , music and gold medals :p ) . 
  but i can understand when there is a huge influx things can go wrong and you end up with ghettos . 
  i lived in geneva ( about 40 % swiss maybe less ) and i found it to have very little culture . 
  multiculturalism can be very bad , i also do n't like it in this sense . 
  of course i could never say that because its sooooo taboo !, 
  it would be better for all to discuss it rationally , immigrants also do n't want to live in ghettos . 
  we ca n't all have export manufacturing economies like germany , who would we sell to ? 
  is n't supply and demand the most basic principle ? 
  when us says that it 's pretty bad . 
  we 've all lost the culture part of agriculture in the west . 
  we now just mostly eat processed junk which in my opinion is almost as dangerous as heroin ( it 's killing 50 % of the world , ca n't deny that ) . 
  not only that we are destroying all our forests to grow more steroid cows . 
  as a vegetarian or somebody with an unusual diet i think uk is still quite advanced . 
  you ca n't easily be vegetarian in many parts of europe and in france they eat sparrows . 
  i mean , boiled sparrows whole . 
  wtf !, 
  all i can say in defence of nigel farage and any other centre-right politician who the despicable lefty hippies get their knickers in a twist over . 
  * first they ignore you , then they ridicule you , then they fight you , then you win . 
  if they do well in the open water swimming , it is clear they are building up for an amphibious invasion . 
  the germans have told monti to say this so they can denounce it , then do it anyway . 
  you heard it here first . 
  i just realised that the germans have told monti to say that so they do n't take the heat when they start eroding democratic rights . 
  it 's happened before !, 
  ( with greece when they also had a puppet government ) . 
  one thing is clear though , france have developed a very enviable swimming program . 
  i also think so , but not by such a large margin . 
  it would also be boring to watch if eu could only send max 3 participants to each event , and would be demoralising for the athletes trying to get a place . 
  i think they should accept defeat for now and do some kind of breakup , then start rebuilding for a more full union in about 20 years with everybody knowing the score . 
  but that i think is not possible for the banks as if the south break away , the north will suffer for it 's overlending . 
  i guess its not a recognised state by ioc so no . 
  some medals are nailed down pretty much , but others are fairly random also . 
  i think it 's a big factor . 
  people have bad days and get injured etc. , more participants is a pretty big advantage . 
  also there are 3 medals per event . 
  i think murray and robson got silver on a wildcard unseeded entry . 
  it can make some difference . 
  of athletes sent by usa ~ 600 , no . 
  of athletes sent by china ~ 600 . 
  of athletes sent by europe , dunno ~ 5,000 ? 
  teams have limits how many people they can send . 
  europe has many more teams . 
  that 's all . 
  if a big club that can fill it wants to move there , there is always theoption to keep the full capacity . 
  is the eurozone getting stronger as it becomes more united ? 
  he only hits me because he loves me . 
  that 's basically what you are saying . 
  it would n't surprise me if the bric countries separate into independent sovereign states in the future . 
  i know that some regions of india want to do this now for example . 
  then all those euro superstate loonies will look pretty dumb . 
  and this is how hyperinflation will occur . 
  man , my ex ( german ) was obsessed by this book and also 1984 . 
  i think it may be deep rooted in the german psyche . 
  they want to form dystopian superstates and feel uncomfortable thinking about individual freedom . 
  now i will get downvoted for saying that but i that is my rational opinion , i know how germans think after living in germany for 6 years . 
  to be honest nobody can give me rational evidence against it . 
  no i do n't . 
  by the way , apologies , i am very angry . 
  marshall wrote off all your debt that your nazi bastards stole from everybody . 
  pay back the greeks then we can talk , cunt . 
  you arrogant little fuck . 
  do you really think your bunch of pricks made your own economic wonder . 
  history has been way too kind to you lot since your attrocities . 
  this is the solidarity you want ? 
  my god i 'm like a broken record but i 'm right . 
  i just got back from uk on holiday and i 'm on the verge of peforming a summary execution on the secretary at work . 
  yeah i accept my hatred is becoming out of control . 
  it 's because of where i work ( in germany ) , they are incompetent in the administration . 
  i do n't know how to fix that also ( i mean getting legal support ) , there is no culture of fairness like i am used to . 
  so i 'm getting increasingly aggressive , but i am going to quit here soon . 
  there 's no alternative really . 
  it 's just my acceptance that i have been let down in my career since i came here . 
  mate , i work in germany and this country is full of useless lazy fuckers , believe you me . 
  it 's a systemic advantage they enjoy probably since to be honest the marshall plan ( which they keep denying and claim they made their own economic miracle ) . 
  fuck i hope europe comes to its senses one day . 
  at first i got excited thinking what lovely ladies , then i thought they are probably just hippies who want to become popular by doing something that any kids can do ( taking photos ) . 
  then i realised i 'm extremely cynical and pretty much hate every german , even the ones trying to do something . 
  let 's be honest though , do you need us to fund your jollies , was n't like that in my day . 
  maybe because the typical r/europer is a sycophantic stockholm sydromic europhile . 
   it wo n't surprise me at all if draghi 's words are as big and as hollow as europe 's institutions . 
  you can wait until it 's in germanys interests to make some change . 
  get used to it . 
  the french have already said they want schaeubles position shared part time with moscovici , his french counter part . 
  so yeah , maybe some drama . 
  yeah well you get what i mean . 
  you look in european stores now and it 's full of german stuff . 
  i was thinking like k\u00e4rcher ( ? ) . 
  20 years ago we did n't have so many german things . 
  they really are monopolising . 
  and any country can make these things its just that germany gets an advantage in the euro , so obviously they win . 
  it also has made all your rivals non competitive . 
  germany sells a lot of mid to high quality crap like vacuum cleaners , if they get more expensive we 'd just buy italian or greek made . 
  what you say , those countries do n't make them !, 
  well they would do if the euro stopped making them uncompetitive . 
  it 's not hard to set up a business and make vacuum cleaners in this day and age . 
  its about the last 20 mins . 
  the torch lighting ceremony is i think the best one yet . 
  then there is a fireworks finale to brain dead/eclipse that i just loved . 
  a lot before i found a bit cringeworthy so i 'm not being biased . 
  i think the eurovision style costumes the germans were wearing were more insulting personally .
