  edit after downvotes :  buy two new babies i.e. 
  get two new pups to keep the single one company . 
  putting two adult rodents together that do n't know each other is tricky but can be done . 
  they can fight in the beginning . 
  i do n't mean just throw away the lone one and get two new ones . 
  adult rodents wo n't fight with babies and generally adopt them . 
  irish people are really witty and always good if you need your road tarmaccing . 
  to the barricades !, 
   they 're illegal in france  jeremy kyle is missing out on a huge market here . 
  you forgot ` think of the children ' and other memes . 
  sorry we ca n't expand into your import market whilst making all of your native industries and enterprises obsolete at the same time setting up our multinational corporations in your country to use your cheap labour . 
  oh god you 've caught the german sickness . 
  i lived there for years , i know the little cabins you mean . 
  it really is a rabid ideology . 
  you ca n't absolve yourself of civic responsibilities ( including national history ) by believing in a fantasy union . 
   s : ( n ) europe ( the 2nd smallest continent ( actually a vast peninsula of eurasia ) ; the british use ` europe ' to refer to all of the continent except the british isles ) [ princeton dictionary . 
  ] ( http://wordnetweb.princeton.edu/perl/webwn?s=europe ) it 's a mistake because you criticised his language when his language was correct , unless we are n't allowed to use non-eu endorsed language nowadays . 
  there is n't really a strict definition of europe , sometimes even scandinavia or iberia are n't included . 
   to the rest of the world , the uk is part of europe not doubting this , but not in the english lexicon , and that is what you were disputing . 
  4 people pointed it out because it 's a glaring mistake on your part . 
  they hate us coz they ai n't us . 
  we generally consider ourselves european but refer to continental europe as ` europe ' . 
  it is indeed the current year . 
  itt : people saying how modern germans are with money and that cards are accepted everywhere . 
  real answer : germans are terrified of debt and hire purchase/credit etc. 
  probably still a hangup from the hyper inflation days of the weimar republic . 
  they attribute this to the rise of nationalism so fear of credit is deeply rooted in the german psyche . 
  this contributed to the austerity approach to wreck the economies of southern european and a reluctance to print money like other successful currencies did during the economic crisis ( wink wink ) . 
  probably also the reason why germany needs to increase its domestic consumer base , it needs to get people buying tons of stuff on the never never like every one else has done . 
  i moved to germany about 10 years ago and everybody thought i was showing off because i had a credit card , which i was quite surprised about because every kid in the uk gets one when they are 16 ( or they did in my day ) . 
  that being said a lot of countries have gone too far the other way with personal debt being way too high . 
  i 'm very eusceptic but i 'm now so completely convinced that the project is going to break up within 15 years that i think we should stay in . 
  just so we do n't get the blame and also get the front seat to start a rebuilding process , done correctly this time . 
  they 're taking our jobses !, 
  i believe that the author owen jones is a eurosceptic . 
  he wants to imagine himself as a proper flatcap socialist and therefore he can not in all honesty support the influx of unskilled labour to the uk . 
  these new labour ideologies are pretty much polar opposite to real labour values . 
  owen jones was also very disappointed with the treatment of greece because of course as an imagined socialist he must stand together with his comrades in syriza . 
  of course , most of the left are champagne socialist memers that come out with memes like this in the article . 
  so it surprises me that owen feels it necessary to make such a statement , maybe his true roots are showing through and he is in fact a posh ponce . 
  i was listening to radio today , some affairs discussion about whether or not a family should allow their kids to go on a school trip to the ww1 memorials in belgium . 
  it occurred to me . 
  imagine being 12 years old going to belgium and being inconvenienced by extra security and paranoia . 
  then returning home on the school bus running the gauntlet through calais . 
  what a first impression of the continent . 
  such a pity . 
  i 'd just be happy to go back pre-tony blair or more broadly , pre-maastricht . 
  basically i 'm becoming a thatcherite even after she destroyed my region . 
  nuremberg trials of the tory party followed by mass hanging from tower bridge . 
  maybe you 're right . 
  i 'm thinking more of white flour being easier to store for long periods than whole flour . 
  all this white bread is quite possibly one of the main factors in us being a nation of fat knackers . 
  it goes back to ration days because white bread spoils slower than real bread . 
  i 've heard they will tell us that we are n't allowed to sell bananas that are n't curved enough . 
  yes but the pro eu side do n't seem to have any coherent defence in this argument at the moment and farage is on form lately . 
  clegg is also a good debater . 
  it looks like a pretty interesting show , i hope some of our eurochums watch it . 
  virtue banking . 
  5 % i think, 
  a lot of my problems begin and end with ales , too many ales . 
  i would n't put too much faith in polls nowadays . 
  they were so spectacularly wrong in the general election it smells fishy . 
   it 's the british who often forget how bad the middle of the 20th century was for them no we do n't . 
  the most eurosceptic group in the uk are the people that voted in the 70s , even those that voted to join then want to leave now . 
  the europhiles are generally the younger generation that have never known a life pre-eu or pre-tony blair . 
  yes we were messed up at various times since the 50s but things are n't really looking good now are they ? 
  3 day working weeks and regular power cuts look better than not being able to get your kids in a local school , zero hour contracts and an overloaded nhs . 
  plus we had much better music in the 70s , i 'd go back . 
  i honestly think after reading the comments from germans on here and watching that 2df heute show clip on the first page here that germany has lost the plot completely . 
  what you wrote is utter nonsense . 
  only in germany do people believe the stuff you wrote , and guess what , scotland is a lot more eurosceptic than you might think . 
  yes i think it 's good to do it but also bear in mind that it 's good to have contingency plans to get out . 
   brexit ( what is up with making up new silly words , uk ? ), 
  no no that was n't us . 
  it 's the germans who are obsessed with acronyms , i guess they came up first with grexit . 
  i think we can claim bremainiac though , which is what i heard on bbc radio the other day for a remain supporter . 
  by the way i was in academia once , it 's shit everywhere , but i hope you do well . 
  anyway i 'm a brexiteer , i think if we did n't have an overabundance of eu scientists begging to be wage slaves in the uk , we might incentivise non eu workers to come here . 
  i did my phd before we got so much in bed with the eu and it was alright then . 
  well i 'm a bit surprised . 
  i do n't think we could show that kind of stuff on tv in the uk . 
  i 'd love to see them do a sketch like this about gypsies or arabs or maghrebians or even better , the jewish . 
  bit about piss filled carpets was quite observational though . 
  still i 'd rather piss on my carpet than sit down to piss . 
   dribble i do n't think you are british . 
  either that or you have poor vocab skills or at very best messed up predictive text settings . 
  i believe this is actually a thing in brazil . 
  i just do n't understand the degenerate poverty porn . 
  i can only rationalise it to myself by conspiracy theories . 
  a good portion of the bbc has been taken over by fifth columnists , this article boggles my mind . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  i just thought that it 's because all of those kids at school that wanted to be photographers and journalists were hippy lefty assholes . 
  i do n't get how they throw cameron into the pressure cooker with all night trial by exhaustion and scaremongering , then bend over backwards for turkey . 
  i 'm sure there is a staggering amount of poor region turks with family ties in europe , the only thing that stops them being here is visa requirements . 
  i lived in wedding in berlin , i know lots of turks and kurds . 
  i was also bombarded fairly often by non eu friends asking me to write them recommendations for visas . 
  there are millions wanting to come here . 
  it 's the confusion in her eyes that says it all . 
  you 're fucked . 
  you 'd better move to america and hold a grudge against the english for the next 300 years .
