  he said this on uk tv last night , the show called question time , a ( very good ) political panel discussion show . 
  for those interested it will be on the bbc iplayer and probably on you tube at some point . 
  he also said many loony things , he 's a radical and provocative person . 
  a lot of these people in the arab world are - to put it mildly - economical with the truth when it comes to their cvs . 
  it specialist could mean that they worked in an internet cafe in karachi , or they could claim to be a dentist because they were the ones generally tying your tooth to a door then slamming shut to pull it out ( i know an indian * professor * who had dental care like this , it 's not unusual ) . 
  i know this will not be popular , but there is a saying i 've heard around a few times , ` the only time they tell the truth is by accident ' . 
  and i hate how germans expect people in education to do catchup years etc. , but i expect for these migrants they will really be far behind . 
  and generally educated people should come in through proper means . 
  yellow bellied and white and slimy on the outside ? 
  i think that germany are fighting to maintain it 's large consumer base across the eu . 
  if they lose handle on a large portion of that and these countries make trade deals outside of the eu 15 then it could be an absolute disaster . 
  if unemployment rockets in germany then this could be a big boost for the far right . 
  it is what merkel is terrified of imo . 
  so i think that if the eu sceptic countries get tough , they are holding the aces here . 
  that 's the reason we had a ` leave ' majority for the first time in recent polls . 
  if this continues it will be close . 
  that poor bloke married a german . 
  well in the article corbyn himself is quoted saying something like this . 
  it has also turned owen jones eusceptic , and he is a bit of a darling of the left to the younger generation . 
  people clearly think this way , whether you do or not . 
  if it gives our independence vote an extra point or two it will make a big difference . 
  have we all seen that story of the german student girl who lived on trains ? 
  maybe that is what these migrants can do now !, 
  i did postdoc in geneva . 
  all of the french running away across the border at 5-6pm killed a bit the after work social scene . 
  just to add some context , labour were a eurosceptic party in those days . 
  there is quite a tradition of left-wing euroscpeticism in the uk which is returning somewhat , especially after seeing how greece are treated . 
  [ cheeky cheeky !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35uusmnwquo ) got romania to thank for that one . 
  i think one of the girls married a british politician and sent him into a breakdown . 
  well vote the evil out then !, 
  is she getting more ballsy now that the greece problem is effectively dealt with ( i.e. 
  they have been broken ) . 
  do the germans feel untouchable now ? 
  have n't heard much coming out of france/italy/spain recently either , hopefully it 's just holidays . 
  i remember living in geneva . 
  nary a swiss kid in sight . 
   integration wo n't happen in two months ; it 'll take many many years . 
  but they will eventually pay for themselves ... especially considering germany 's natural-born declining population . 
  this is fine and we can accept that , but then let germany deal with them . 
  do n't give them eu passports and do n't expect us to carry them to germany for them . 
  the more i see from eastern europeans on here and the more i see of hungary the more i 'm wishing that the uk made a union with them and got rid of the west . 
  i guess it 's a similar conclusion , kick the accession states out but kick the uk out too and let us forge relationships on a state to state basis . 
  only merkel ? 
  i would n't be surprised if she 's being pressured into expanding germany 's consumer base by economic analysts . 
  i do n't think she could unilaterally be so irrational . 
  what is actually wrong with throwing food bags to the back in a crowd ? 
  most of us have been in such a situation ; concerts , opening shopping centres , sports events . 
  goodies get tossed into the crowd as a matter of course . 
   i 'd say that hungarian gov and their police should be seen as a rolemodels how to behave in crisis like this . 
  they seem to be doing everything correctly to me . 
  yet western european media paints them as some quasi-fascist state . 
  i was eurosceptic before but this is getting ridiculous . 
  i agree they will take far more than they assimilate in the time . 
  that 's not germany 's fault . 
  it takes years of schooling and a fortune in investment to bring a german to independent adulthood . 
  we ca n't expect all immigrants to reach this level with the resources available , so they will end up getting by in shadow communities . 
   i may have to buy a nicer wardrobe to fit it with the other refugees you 'll need the latest smartphone too . 
   you 've saved us twice from the germans , care to do it ones more ? 
  not really because you 're a bunch of ingrates . 
  i thought it 's mainly for people such as carers moving house to house and sitting with elderly people for 1-2 hours each time . 
  it should count as work time then . 
  you might do 3 x 2 house sittings with 2 hours travelling between = 8 hours , not 6 hours . 
  the job would be shit if you did n't get paid for time in-between . 
  brilliant points , especially the middle one ( drive to create a new lower class ) . 
  this is high school nonsense . 
  this shit perpetuates the crisis . 
  it seems to be what we hear yes . 
  i 'm sure a lot of germans outside the south are n't feeling that rich though . 
  berlin is still ` arm aber sexy ' . 
  what concerns me is that germany is playing a high stakes game which requires them staying ahead in the high-tech and engineering sectors . 
  i think this is why they are so bent on europe standing up to brics and us , japan etc , even when eu decisions are n't helping countries with differing economies based on services or tourism for example . 
  you 've seriously extrapolated that figure have n't you . 
  the crazy thing is , it 's probably quite accurate . 
   we 're filthy rich . 
  you ca n't be ` too rich ' . 
  never know what is around the corner . 
  ask businessmen that have lost everything , it 's not unusual . 
  opportunity cost comes up around here quite often and sparks a debate , but money spent on refugees is n't necessarily shoring up the german economy for possible problems in the future . 
  germany is quite heavy on exports for it 's economy . 
  i believe that they are thinking that taking in young people will increase the domestic consumer base and that is thinking for the future , but is it the best use of money ? 
  i personally do n't think governments have a mandate for charity . 
  generally , but all the media in uk are in a frenzy showing migrant kids since the other day . 
  there was one in the daily mail . 
  photoshoots of 6 year old arab girls , hair billowing in the wind like marilyn monroe . 
  took me a long time to accept the fact that unless you sit down to piss on german toilets then you end up with splash back all over your trousers and bathroom floor . 
  i wanted to go for doggerland but same problem . 
  jordan took a lot of palestinians once , ends in civil war . 
  bombard us with more pictures of dead babies . 
   they 'll end up like norway or switzerland oh god the horror !, 
  can we open the door to european south africans please angie ? 
  if we left the eu then i guess ukip would rebrand as a liberal party . 
  i would then be pretty split between all the parties , even a real left-wing party under corbyn might be interesting . 
  zoom in on the babies !, 
  `` just look at those ickle wickle faces !!! '', 
  my god bbc stop being obsessed with kids , just because your staff are n't allowed to fuck them anymore does n't mean you can get your perversions out by filming them and angelising them . 
   we 'll see about that . 
  hopefully !, 
  well i think that it will for example : other nations , who are growing eusceptic themselves , will see that the uk can leave in an orderly manner and not plunge into darkness . 
  without the uk as a big partner validating eu decisions , germany will be shouldering a hell of a lot of responsibility , and will probably start to crumble in their confidence .
