  there are billions of people in absolute poverty in the world . 
  do you really care or are you just reacting to the guilt tripping media . 
  a syrian dies in the sea , a pakistani dies from a heroin overdose in karachi , it 's all the same to me . 
  we ca n't care about all of them , that 's madness . 
  so why are you so pissed off then . 
  it 's not good for you you know . 
  i was just pointing out by the way that you are coming from a country with a rapidly falling population , whilst mine is one of the most densely populated in the world . 
  do n't take offence . 
  ( ps holy shit dude your country is at lowest population since the 1960s . ), 
  impressive venting . 
  what caused this , cleaning too many toilets in london hotels ? 
  hopefully insurance will cover this then they can build a brand new facility which will be much more profitable for the owners . 
  they can lease it out for taxpayers money then hopefully they will get over the trauma of such a crime . 
  why would anybody want to burn down a gym !, 
  nazis i tell you !, 
  do n't worry germany 's economy can accommodate them all , they need that labour to manufacture things to send to booming china ... . 
  oh , wait , shit . 
   reporters without borders rates the press freedom of eritrea below that of north korea . 
  and just above / r/europe :d, 
  i only watched 5 seconds but i think so . 
  he 's probably a rich kid from eton . 
  did n't they have dual pedal controls , was the instructor asleep ? 
  they might be shia pakistanis fleeing from the taliban infested provinces in the nw of pakistan , or they might be political/social outcasts e.g. 
  they might be gay . 
  but i know a lot of pakistanis that went to germany , and the main reason is that they are just freeloading economic migrants . 
  oh shit i thought he meant europe rather than europa . 
  bloody hell they come in flotillas now . 
  i think they will actually . 
  increase the internal demand for goods and services . 
  germany is going to collapse if they do n't do this . 
  germany already sucks at this . 
  their population is going down and they are a country of debt averse tightwads . 
  this whole free movement of people suits germany down to the ground , it 's the rest of us that have to suffer . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  belgium is fucked then . 
  well sweden are obviously miles ahead of the curve . 
  they can take more and more migrants which will boost their economies and new cities will develop . 
  in about 100 years they might start to approach the population density of england or belgium or the netherlands and become a great nation and a beacon of hope for mankind . 
  that is what will happen is n't it ? 
  they 've got plenty of space , our national parks are like a back garden for these scandinavians . 
  there are a few right wing , traditional , conservative voices in the bbc but ` liberal ' , progressive views are often unashamedly pushed . 
  not really much more than you 'd see in your typical lefty industries such as teaching or social care . 
  there is clearly a large overrepresentation of ethnic minorities in bbc reporting ( local news reporters , weather reporters etc ) . 
  maybe these people ( a lot of indians ) just like that industry , it 's possible , or they pushed the race quotas a bit too much . 
  i do remember watching bbc world a few years ago , it was either top gear or reporting on the israel/palestinian subject with a very clear pro palestine bias . 
  basically just poverty porn , endless showing images of maimed palestinians , i hated it i found al jazeera actually much more balanced on this issue . 
  i 'd say bbc is not a single entity and it 's quite balanced but it has been used to push leftist agendas by some groups . 
  he got arrested at the end though . 
  convulsions like that happen when you lose a lot of blood , it 's the muscles spasming to help pump the remaining blood around . 
  it happens when your heart stops too . 
  it sounds serious . 
  grimdark even, 
  what on earth are you actually going on about ? 
  british adults are a miserable bunch , you might be right . 
  i was thinking of making a subreddit for likeminded individuals such as yourself . 
  i was thinking of calling it european union restoration of cultural unity and national tradition symbiosis or / r/eurocunts do you want to be a mod ? 
  same result anyway . 
  staying in the union will win on the back of promises that wo n't be taken really seriously and then ukip will explode in popularity like the snp did . 
  you have to inform the driving licence agency that you changed address but i do n't think they update your card physically just for that . 
  i agree with this concept but i though it was a responsibility of having citizenship ( or in the uk being a subject of hrm ) . 
  just you need a postbox to be contacted at least . 
  he is privy to an emergency going on in the uk and ca n't contact the police to inform them . 
  it 's possible to call local police stations from abroad but not from where he is . 
  just in case anybody can help . 
  is n't it anyway ? 
  it should be at least , but then that is assuming that housing is available for anybody that needs it . 
  people have a responsibility to hold an address but the state has the responsibility to give people one also . 
  what 's up ? 
  good shit that . 
   a briton with an old-fashioned slr tells how he witnessed a day earlier when a migrant was hit by a police baton . 
  `` unfortunately i was too late to make a picture . '', 
  missed out on a good chance to snap some poverty porn there . 
  so this is showing today on [ bbc ] ( http://www.tvguide.co.uk/detail/2188238/110454756/songs-of-praise#.vdbbtuvce70 ) at 5pm uk time . 
  it 's a long running institution in the uk where they sing some hymns and talk a bit about current affairs . 
  today they are filming from a makeshift church in calais . 
  in case you want to watch . 
   `` it is not a political statement on the situation or a judgement on migration , '' said the bbc 's head of religion and ethics , aaqil ahmed, 
  you put mayonnaise on chips though , we all have our savage side . 
  this is terrible . 
  if they close the bbc where will all the ethnic minority newsreaders and reporters go to ? 
  this movement of eu workers is probably benefitting the uk as a whole purely from gdp perspective but i 'm sure some natives are being screwed over , particularly in low skilled jobs . 
  it 's just that if the ez starts getting into a good gear then we will all start to feel richer , i 'm waiting for it to happen . 
  for the love of god eurozone pull your socks up and create some jobs of your own . 
  there 's no reason why it should be taking so long to recover from the crisis . 
  they do n't censor anything and downvotes are even disabled . 
  if this sub was n't so heavily modded it would have the same demographic more or less . 
  people like you think that the main europe subreddit has to be exactly how you want it , and you fight for it by censoring and being whiny . 
  i know you 're not a mod but you are one of the most zealous around here . 
  maybe just get used to the fact that europe is less like an erasmus slumber party and more like a daily mail comments section . 
  wait until they ask us to start contributing to their costs to man the borders . 
  you could add topics and discussion in either of those subreddits . 
  / r/european gets a lot of hate here but really it 's only a very few really bad apples ( who the mods routinely take the piss out of ) and the rest are just saying things that the demographic here do n't want to hear . 
  it will never be a cosy echo chamber for ` progressives ' , but it 's a growing sub and it gives a nice perspective different to most of reddit . 
  you do n't have to take anything seriously that you read , take anything on it 's merits . 
  and / r/euromigration looks to be a good sub just it only just started so it needs content . 
  i 'm all for people leaving this subreddit , it was a joke a few years ago and went proper full retard a few months ago . 
   if this is europe . 
  we 're going back to syria . 
  i followed this period quite closely and i have to agree with this . 
  it was reported as such in most sources at the time .
