  nowadays germany is actually considerably cheaper to produce things and buy things than the former weaker countries . 
  this is insane really . 
  why go to be a tourist in greece when berlin is cheaper ? 
  why buy greek products , they used to be so cheap due to the exchange and buying in drachmas . 
  now german products are cheaper than greek ones . 
  germany want the euro more than any other country probably . 
  before the euro , germany was struggling economically . 
  karma is a bitch . 
  7 downvotes from the g8 . 
  but wait ... von rompuy and barroso have hacked life and given her over 9000 upvotes !!, 
  i make a pretty good living by reading reddit all day in my cushy office job . 
  i guess it actually is a good analogy , unfortunately if you are deprived an education you might work in a factory for long hours and not take much home at the end of the day . 
  i 'm sure mps are way too busy to sit in brussels also . 
  maybe an elected president or commission would help . 
  at least then they would have to advertise their agenda . 
  what are van rompuy and barroso doing at camp david ? 
  of course . 
  a german worker goes to a mercedes factory and presses buttons for 5 hours and makes millions of euros worth of cars then goes around saying how hard germans work and how lazy greeks are . 
  it 's an infrastructure issue purely and simple . 
  i 'd just like to say that from my experience working in a few different countries in eu that germans are pretty lazy and feckless , but somehow the state allows them to get away with it . 
  for example , i 'm supposed to organise a lot of shit this week but was forced to take 2 holidays ( thu-fri ) from my company . 
  so i cant talk to the bosses and lawyers that i need to because they are all fucking on holiday ( oh its a bank holiday ? 
  lets take a week off ! ) . 
  this way we lose so many contracts , $ 100s of thousands worth . 
  this shit happens all the time ( and it 's always someone elses fault of course ) . 
  the technicians are best , they start work at 6:30 am so nobody is around to bother them , and have breakfast all morning , then leave halfway through the day , and thus rack up so many overtime hours that they can go on permaholiday through the summer or whenever they are needed . 
  it 's not how hard people work , personal productivity , or even corruption , it 's the infrastructure that allows germans to live like this , and also having a price fixing currency . 
  greeks do n't have this luxury , having been royally taken up the jacksie since ww2 . 
  the thing that happened last year looks increasingly bizarre now , it 's true . 
  there seems to be multiple misunderstandings . 
  maybe papandreou got fed up with interference from outside and seeing that nothing would change , he just resigned . 
  this should be near the top true . 
  people probably downvote because `` how can you imagine that german policy can instigate a war in our ever so peaceful and beautiful europe blah blah blah '' . 
  it 's not like they have n't got form . 
  oh i wish my telephone calls with various secretaries and bosses were recorded . 
  i think it 's just german culture to be absolutely terrible at diplomacy , i think this is what has happened here essentially . 
  but really they should know better by now ( merkel , schaueble , shultz etc. ) . 
  the thing is in germany they are proud of just saying any old shit no matter how direct and offensive , they need some more tact . 
  that denial was counter denied by greece , now they say it might have been a misunderstanding . 
  the greek caretaker is a fluent german speaker by the way . 
  no they do n't but they can use that possibility as leverage , which is why merkel would suggest the referendum which would surely pass . 
  obviously the banks are telling merkel now that under no circumstances can greece leave the euro . 
  this statement has been apparently denied , but of course , no smoke without fire . 
  this is clear evidence that germany and the ez can not handle a `` grexit '' , and they actually have absolutely no idea what they are doing . 
  the referendum is just a way to straitjacket syriza , of course . 
  edit : actually reading the live blog now , that is a massive faux pas . 
  had to copy this from one of the comments in the blog , this from a guardian reader !!!, 
   `` as for the germans - you ought to be thoroughly ashamed of yourselves for defending the stazi-queen . 
  remember that if she does n't respect democracy abroad , at some point she 'll stop respecting democracy at home . 
  your own history should have taught you this ffs . 
  why have n't you learnt it ? . '', 
  well that 's a very big hyperbole caricature but that 's pretty much how i see them . 
  i knew a lot of those types in my undergrad days and i do n't think people have changed much since then . 
  in my opinion they are . 
  i used to watch bbc world when i lived in switzerland it nearly made me sick . 
  these people do n't have real morals in my opinion they just jump on the bandwagon . 
  like a bunch of guardian readers bragging to each other over how many ethnic/disabled/gay friends they have . 
  that 's how it works when you 're an emo school kid . 
  the bbc is not british centric at all . 
  it 's a bloody bleeding hearted liberal organisation , biased as anything . 
  so is the guardian . 
  if these 2 sources are showing eurosceptic tendencies , there is definitely something wrong . 
  the british have been saying the euro was a stupid idea from the beginning . 
  what else do you expect them to say now . 
  yet they still pay up every time they are asked . 
  and they still adhere strictly to all the eu laws imposed on them . 
  well then at least we can say that farage is trying to push towards something that previous pms failed to achieve . 
  i think in the current state , we need to have more transparency and democratic say in things . 
  if this is working well , we can even start to think about federalisation . 
  this is exactly the point . 
  the majority of british voters who farage represents do n't know who those people are , like barroso and von rompuy . 
  they never voted for them . 
  brits voted once in the 70s for a free trade union and ended up in this union , with no way out . 
  that 's the whole idea of farages position and what he was democratically elected on . 
  he 's doing his job . 
  most of the time we do n't care about democracy , with governments being largely the same , but democracy is at least a mechanism to remove dangerous governments if needs be . 
  we ca n't let go of that option . 
  he just berates the unelected bureaucrats mainly . 
  i do n't want them either . 
  i often watch a bit of farage for a giggle . 
  best is when he told hvr that he looks like a second grade bank clerk . 
  then when he was forced to apologise he initially refused , then finally did apoplogise ... to bank clerks . 
  well i mean the loans that greece could get prior to 2008 at low rates . 
  now the bailouts are to pay back those previous loans to stop the financial system collapsing . 
   surprising similarities to what we have in europe today , both economically and politically . 
  to some extent that 's apparent and i would n't want to argue but germany definitely has an advantage here as there is only 1 government ruling both west and east and geographically and probably culturally they are next to each other . 
  they had several years of stimulus with cheap loans and that led nowhere . 
  surely they will have to just drop out and devalue . 
  well the cost for reunification was very large of course but it seems to be a stable reunion . 
  but germany is now one country , whilst the eurozone nations are still sovereign states . 
  it seems like a lot of money was lent to greece which unfortunately has not seen a marked rise in production/gdp ( i guess this was the reason for the loans ) . 
  so ongoing transfers will be required . 
  to me it looks like the loans increase productivity/infrastructure at the same rate that being locked into a currency union decreases competitiveness . 
  i do n't know that much about reunification in germany , i was n't here then , i just know what my friends tell me and i know a bit about hartziv . 
  i know that germans have low wages , but life is also relatively cheap here . 
  i do understand that if life gets a bit more expensive then average germans will take a bit of a hit that they do n't think they deserve . 
  i still think it 's not productive to blame entirely the greek state , the germans should have taken into account cultural differences before they started to enforce the kind of thing that they had seen work in east germany on reunification . 
  but it 's a different situation entirely . 
  i think it might cost germany a hell of a lot more than they would like to let on . 
  i 'm doing my bit .
