  can we tick 2 boxes ? 
  shit child ? 
  yes , she did n't choose to be born a german woman which means you 're classed as a failure if you 're not a childless career chasing woman well into your 30s . 
  ( source : having lived in germany for years i know hundreds of these women ), 
  vote of no confidence on many eu leaders would be a good idea that could save the union . 
  but i do n't think that 's possible so we will have to go with the drastic leave . 
   when someone retires in europe , you have one person replacing him and one child inheriting a legacy of wealth passed on from generation to generation . 
  you ca n't buy a house in europe nowadays without a payout from family in most cases . 
  sharing that wealth among more and more kids will keep immigrant populations in europe that have many children in poverty . 
  true . 
  nobody asks for a pc frontal lobotomy but that 's obviously what she and half of western europe has gone through . 
  it kind of sneaks up on you dead baby pic by dead baby pic . 
  british people are whiny as shit . 
  just like every other european . 
  i 've lived in a few countries for some years and uk has a very nice quality of life . 
  these people that moan about the uk have never lived elsewhere . 
  people are moaning about the weather because it 's 1-2 degrees and 2 cm of snow on the floor . 
  they never saw winter on the continent ( except skiing perhaps ) . 
  was this ever going to be a good idea . 
  germans are making fools of themselves . 
  petrol tax aswell . 
  lol, 
  yeah i never really encountered the far left on a big scale until i moved to germany . 
  did n't see much of it in the uk or switzerland where i was before . 
  the antifa and people like that in germant are horrible . 
  germans do n't want to be responsible for being a nation . 
  they are obsessed with a supranational europe so that they do n't have to say that they are german anymore . 
  this on the outside and from the eyes of the liberals is an admirable thing but in fact it is the opposite . 
  hiding away from responsibility is pathological and somewhat perverse behaviour and it will eventually be self defeating . 
  it 's hard to explain but that 's the mindset they have . 
  they were wrong to support the troika against greece and all that shit that went on around 2008-2014 period but they try to justify it by claiming they are all part of a huge eu project . 
  or they are wrong to open the eu borders to migrants but again the same defence . 
  i wish that germany could just be germany , they would be perfectly fine - indeed great - if they behaved like a responsible sovereign nation without having to interfere with others . 
  this is due to the current government and bureaucracy - it seems that the attitude of the people might be coming round though . 
  like others have said - merkel , schaeuble , schulz etc. , they are not healthy for germany . 
  instead of sorting out their own house because it 's too much hard work they go to others ' and try to tell them how to arrange their curtains because it makes them feel like they are doing something important . 
  i lived there for years by the way so i 'm not just shouting from my armchair . 
  i 'm very happy to be away from there now but i will always consider germany and the uk to be natural allies . 
   mindgobbling i think you meant mindboggling but this is a brilliant alternative !, 
   compare this to alien abductions epic, 
  it 's a bit ` when harry met sally ' . 
  it 's a bit dangerous for 2 ostensibly available adults of opposite sex to live together like that . 
  a bit of flirting , a bit of soul searching , a bit of wine in a weak moment and you 've invented a family crisis and moral dilemma . 
  maybe it 's totally platonic but it 'd be naive to think that would be the norm . 
  i do n't mean to generalise so black and white between ethnic turks and kurds but i 'm not going to write extra to clarify this when most people can see what i mean . 
  i 'm just saying in my post that i can imagine kurds as a particular source of immigrants due to the situation there . 
  it 's like me saying that i would expect more poles are willing to come to work on farms in uk for sub minimum wage than germans . 
  it 's not racist , i never said one group is better than the other . 
  i think we ought to be getting a grip on the amount of people coming into the eu and this deal with turkey will do the opposite . 
  why do you think it 's racist ? 
  are you projecting your own feelings into this ? 
  i lived in wedding in berlin and knew a lot of kurdish/turkish germans . 
  they used to love me . 
  the simple fact is that these people have got far more to gain from coming to europe and working as a modern day slave under the radar , and personally i like people to be beneath the law and not above it . 
  turkish turks would generally be more wealthy and established in turkey and have little to gain from coming here to live in the shadows . 
  giving visa free travel to these people in the kurdish regions of turkey is pretty similar to giving visa free travel to the whole of syria shortly before the civil war there . 
  there 's a large black market for them in germany i know , probably netherlands also . 
  they will have relations in these countries with corner shops , kebab places and barbers for example . 
  it 's a possible source of more undocumented men and probably opens avenues for family reunions and marriages etc. 
  i 'm not saying these kurds are necessarily problematic but i doubt they are any more fit for german society than the million they just had in 2015 and germany will struggle with integrating them enough already . 
  no they want to work black-market in their great uncle 6 times removed 's kebab shop in germany . 
  that was quicker than even i expected - the postponement i mean , from june to september . 
  i can see this getting very messy . 
  cameron wo n't be able to find a good spot for this referendum before the deadline of end 2017 , this will trigger a vote of no confidence in the tory party . 
  there will be a rushed referendum which ` remain ' wins and there will be bad blood for years . 
  have you figured out her reddit username yet ? 
  just when popular opinion is behind taking more control of eus borders to stop an influx of rowdy delinquent men , we realise we 've given visa free travel to 20 million kurds . 
  agree for uk . 
  my parents generation born in the 50s could do bugger all in school , leave at 15 and have enough to buy a house in their mid 20s . 
  this with the woman working part time and affording 2-4 kids . 
  doctors came to your house in the middle of the night on call , now you have to go to a&e and wait 6 hours . 
  every kid got into the nursery of their choice . 
  intelligent kids got free education because universities were specialised for them ( now they are glorified high schools ) . 
  there was much more social cohesion and events , we had a cinema and snooker club in my village and 7 pubs , now we just got tesco . 
  most of the swimming pools are closed etc. , etc. 
  also we 've got the biggest plague since penicillin , obesity . 
  society has moved us into junk consumers so that walking around poor areas is like going into a dickensian universe where everybody 's running round on mobility scooters or wheezing for breath next to a lamppost . 
  no , you do n't need to refrigerate them . 
  you can google around for reasons but it 's a thing , we often do n't refrigerate eggs here and it 's fine . 
  were you there ? 
  can you give us an eyewitness report ? 
  i hope you 're sharing some of our endless rain at least . 
  we do n't want to keep it all for ourselves . 
  that nearly happened in the 1950s but they ended up going down the eu route and losing global superpower status , along with us , after suez and disastrous decolonisation . 
  the world would probably have been much more stable if we 'd made that deal instead of what we have now in the eu . 
  maybe a deal with poland could start to put things right again . 
  i think they 'd be up for it . 
  we 'd easily be the strongest nation in the eu and better hegemons than germany are now . 
  no just invite them into the uk . 
  it 's a diplomatic masterstroke . 
  i think we ought to make a uk-poland merger country so that with 100 million people we can counterbalance germany and have a balanced eu . 
  you can throw in the other v4 countries also as far as i 'm concerned . 
  then the issue of migrants welfare is dealt with anyway . 
  it 's full of polish . 
  just like crimea was full of russians . 
  ( it has many farms and migrant workers ), 
   next step for the polish government after abolishing democracy and free speech : save threatened minorities . 
  they 're going to annex lincolnshire ? 
  yes i meant private groups , not the government . 
  clinton was called into the peace talks though and ira activity ceased a lot since the us ' war on terror .
