  it does n't have to be us versus them . 
  we are making the whole collapse of europe thing into a self-fulfilling prophesy that way . 
  what i mean is that without the euro the dmark would appreciate in value , turning germany into an import economy . 
  this will open up new markets for the rest of the eurozone which would regain competitveness as unit labour costs go down again as the euro loses value . 
  they could make a lot of money selling stuff to germany . 
  so tempted to put that on facebook and lose half of my german friends . 
  probably worth it . 
  i 'm hearing news that monti says he will quit if eurobonds are ruled out . 
  tomorrows summit will be interesting then . 
  hmm , a bit like the anti-ken or anti-action man . 
  a puppet with balls . 
  that kind of rubbed me up the wrong way also . 
  i do n't like this attitude of europe being too important and has to be at the centre of the world . 
  it 's kind of like you have to become fascistic to promote peace . 
  i like this article . 
  human rights is a bit over the top but social , economic and cultural rights is good . 
  i think in a democracy the responsibility for these issues goes solely on the electorate . 
  however what we see in spain is the budget being influenced by outside bureaucracy . 
  in this sense i think this article is very interesting . 
  i do find it interesting that the 80-90s saw a wave of thinking that countries would be better off outside of old power blocks so we saw the breakup of the soviet union and yugoslavia . 
  now for some reason the west europeans want to replicate something similar . 
  i have very little knowledge of the yugoslavian issues or the soviet ones though so i would n't like to say anything . 
  i guessed you are referring to something along those lines , but did n't everybody want to break up from yugoslavia ? 
  no the romans did that to themselves . 
  or maybe you meant the moors . 
  well somebody already had a go at schaeuble ... 
  if spain and italy default it will be banks in the north that wo n't be paid back . 
  then the rest of the world will want little to do with them . 
  it will be a big problem , the whole eonomy will grind to a halt as it depends on banks trusting each other and circulating money . 
  it will be a paradigm change at least . 
  i do n't know ho wbad it would be . 
  europe still and always will have massive potential so can rebuild . 
  actually it 's very rare i 'm sympathetic to the german position but cheap loans were one of the causes of the big debt that was generated . 
  if there were common euro bonds there would have to be limits on borrowing and spending . 
   nowadays , it 's not unusual for young germans , poles or portuguese to spend time studying at universities in other european countries . 
  they have never seen barriers and customs inspections at borders within europe . 
  * they only need to exchange money when they travel to places like vietnam or malawi . 
  * hahahahahahaha . 
  actually i found that statement ridiculous but then i just realised that are n't poles still using zloty ? 
  eff me backwards . 
  i actually have that spiegel here i might check the german , but i ca n't be arsed . 
  my other take home message europe is not ethiopia ; ethiopia does n't want to be europe, 
  do you want a cv dickwaving contest ? 
  you 're right . 
  it has never been working since the beginning of the ez . 
  only a fake boom , now thats worn off and the real problems will start to show . 
  i 'd say `` oooooooh it 's behind you '' whilst half the ez leaders were trying to hide from the troika . 
  is this typical for the government to put selected people in parliament or is it just another convenient appointment for the troika . 
  i 'm not sure on the system . 
  yes i have become kind of obsessed with it and it fills me with rage . 
  wait he 's just been replaced by ` athens university economics professor and director of ( economic think-tank ) iobe yannis stournaras as finance minister ' . 
  is this guy a technocrat or was he an elected mp ? 
  probably bored to death by englands defensive crap . 
  he looks pretty rock and roll . 
  bravo sir bravo . 
  it must be hard sending messages underground to ostriches with their buried heads . 
  well i 'd be ill if i had that job . 
  it `` s bad enough trying to clear up a mess but when you 're also a troika puppet it 's extra degrading . 
  in fact the entire situation in greece must be impossible . 
  they 've got butlins you downvoting bastards . . 
  no germany is negative broke . 
  i could give each country a number based on the past so many years of history and then compare it with the current number with the difference being just how broke these countries are . 
  greece is ca . 
  97 but historically/regionally maybe a bit more like ex . 
  yugoslav countries , say 70 ? 
  97 - 70 = greece is 27 broke . 
  germany is ca . 
  103 but historically/regionally maybe should like denmark say 140 ? 
  = germany is -37 broke . 
  is that right ? 
  ca n't be . 
  i think i read it wrong but do n't care looking like a bonehead . 
  it sounds convincing how you wrote it and we ca n't blame germany for making the most of things but that does n't change the idea that the southern ez has ended up with a rigid and inappropriate currency . 
  ` internal devaluation ' has a horrible ring to it . 
  i know what beggar thy neighbour is ever since i read hans-werner sinn describing that this is basically what germany has done in theh eurozone the last 10 years . 
  the uk could build a harbour to rival any in the world at skegness . 
  if it meant getting out of a union with the french it may be worth it , 
  would britain be better off trading with other regions such as africa e.g. 
  maybe these countries have been living in the shadow of the eu , for example with the cap subsidies . 
  that 's actually quite relevant to the ez crisis . 
  the southern states would otherwise be able to be competitive due to their currency devaluation . 
  at the moment they are locked in to being uncompetitive . 
  competition is a good thing in trade surely . 
  i do n't think we would have physical trade wars , there are many mechanisms to stop that . 
   i 'm not sure little england has that much leverage in trade talks . 
  what does that mean ? 
  does n't trade just naturally go where it is in it 's best interest . 
  i have never seen a good argument as to why europe must be united in currency to compete with china . 
  i thought protectionism was bad for the 21st century , and was the main take home message of the g20 . 
  i 've been going on for ages how f * ed up this situation is . 
  most germans have no idea what situation they are in . 
  and when you are an outsider but you live in germany like i do you can see without bias just how messed up it is . 
  when journalists talk about hysteria , and when we regularly see merkel mocked up as a nazi terminator or the like , there is a reason why enlightened people look at germany this way . 
  it is very obvious that this country is not capable of hegemony . 
  of course , many people admire germany . 
  the average british person looks at germany as some kind of paradise - that is probably because they have never been here . 
   the people who are calling for more federalization and a stronger union are often the same people complaining about german taxpayers footing the bill for greece 's faults . 
  this seems to be the german government line , but so far i think they have been ineffective . 
  this is due to the sheer inertia that seems to exist there , many different voices and all stubborn , and many administrative tools to just lock down any proposals . 
  we ca n't rely on german hegemony to get anything done , but there is no alternative at the moment .
