  if i 'd said those things i would be feeling like i crossed the line but like i said i would hope that it went unpunished . 
  surely you 'd try to calm him down and keep him in place while the police arrived . 
  if you see a mentally ill and distressed person with a gun after just going on a rampage you do n't stand there calling them a foreign worthless cunt do you ? 
  you tell them to put the gun down and give themselves up . 
  i thought this when i saw it , if anything his comments could potentially have incited more violence and at least contributed to the shooter killing himself . 
  that being said i think he should be acquitted due to it being a crime of passion . 
  chemical weapons dropped on aleppo ; coup in turkey ; gay syrians not safe in turkey due to being gay ; eu-turkey border deal breaking down ; persecution due to sexuality being one common reason cited for asylum status ; huge parades for lgbt rights springing up in europe . 
  there are more i 've been noticing them coming in just not fresh in my mind atm . 
  ca n't you see that a very strong narrative is building for a new huge wave of refugees ? 
  [ this is not something that the nhs would normally fund because it 's prophylactic , or something like that , i 'm not an expert . 
  ] ( http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2016/08/02/breaking-high-court-overturns-nhs-decision-not-to-fund-hiv-preventing-prep-drugs/ ) there are some legitimate good points for using this drug and if it saves people getting hiv it pays for itself . 
  however , it costs # 400 per month for the treatment when condoms do a better job . 
  i 'm guessing you need to take a few weeks of this drug to get it into your system so in my mind it would only fit people who are expecting to have risky sex on a fairly regular basis . 
  you ca n't just pop one before you go on a date , this is a lifestyle choice drug . 
   the terrible gay vote should be a serious concern of the party ( and most right wing parties in general ) . 
  well he insulted women with babies in public spaces yesterday and that is not such a big deal . 
   given that the younger generation is also far more accepting of lgbt people yes that 's what i mean , the lgbt group has a very large support beyond their own group , partly because of how they lobby themselves presumably . 
   and anyway , what have gays done to you ? 
  what is there to say against them ? 
  nothing in particular but i do n't like any militant minority groups . 
  i really do n't like how our politicians are scrutinised on their vote on the gay marriage bill , it 's one of the big ones they look at . 
  but as far as i 'm concerned there are more christians that are critical/sceptical of gay marriage than gay people that want to get married . 
  except gays take the moral high ground . 
  i wo n't have my principles dictated to me by whoever screams the loudest . 
  its true , the republicans are clinging to milo and their acceptance of gays like its a big campaign issue . 
  trump daily insults a new group , it was babies yesterday !, 
  but he will not say anything about gays . 
  if he does he will be finished . 
  same for the gay people that support le pen . 
  they are overly sought after as a target group considering they take up a small percentage of the voter base . 
  they are heavily pandered to i mean to say . 
  they recently got the nhs to go against its own rules to fund a pill that makes promiscuous sex safer . 
  they are massively over represented for their size in political capital . 
  bloody hell even the christian church ca n't criticise them , they are the last taboo . 
  even trump would n't dare go against them . 
  do n't underestimate the power of the lgbt lobby . 
  a great narrative is building for enabling the next wave of refugees . 
  am i getting good at reading western media yet ( dead kid on beach is n't going to work again ) ? 
  it 's a joke really , it was a meme on a radio show a few years ago . 
  [  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txcgt6l_lca ), 
  show off . 
  i mean the new wave of middle east and north africans . 
  presumably now those ex yugoslavians that came with nothing and still have n't got up to the same living standard as native germans will be pushed down in priority for social care and integration projects . 
  not only them but also east germans , poor , disabled , lonely etc. 
  i 'm not sticking up for muslims just pointing out another really ugly demographic group in germany, 
  native leftist germans burn more cars than muslims i would guess . 
  well what you need to do is just build some programs helping these 2nd , 3rd gen immigrants integra ... . . and whoosh , another million new and even more culturally distinct immigrants to worry about . 
  in their need for a bogeyman the eu is pissing off every one of its neighbours . 
  pathetic really . 
  thankyou russia for helping us against western media . 
  can you take over reddit next ? 
  giving pointless jobs on vanity projects only causes inflation in the economy . 
  the death of this sector is good news . 
  massive slap in the face to all those remain protestors chanting ` fromage not farage ! ', 
  i just saw a picture of the priest killer in rouen . 
  he was wearing a burberry top , this makes me pretty sure that he was a right wing football hooligan . 
  motives unclear . 
  that dystopia when headlines are reporting unterror attacks . 
  european parliament are tweeting a black ribbon - that will help . 
  if you piss erdogan off you then create a 5th column in germany and austria . 
  it 's like when you bring a woman into an all male team , you ca n't make jokes about boobs anymore . 
  we brought so many turks into europe we ca n't piss off turkey anymore . 
  hopefully , it 's there for the taking , just depends if ukip have the will . 
  they would win my local seat easily if they put up a half decent candidate . 
  well he wo n't get deported now !, 
  weak, 
  it 's all top bantz until you think of the elderly and disabled kids and pets . 
  i hope this is incompetence and not spite but either way it does n't project the french authorities in a good light . 
  i bet the bmw driver was a hero muslim . 
   where i work , around 40 % of the group leader are not uk nationals , and when you go to pos-docs and students that percentage becomes even slightly larger . 
  oh i know this . 
  when i did my phd the numbers of foreigners were much less , and the quality was not worse . 
  there was more competition for places for foreigners then so we got some really good ones . 
  i 'll be the first to admit that scientists from southern europe are excellent , they have a very good education system . 
  except they do n't have jobs now . 
  i do n't think it 's fair for them all to dog pile on the few remaining places with functioning science sectors . 
  what am i supposed to tell college kids , do n't do a degree in science because the market is flooded with southern europeans and you 'll probably be better off being a plumber ? 
  because that is the reality now . 
  the economic situation in portugal and spain is not a problem that british people should be responsible for solving . 
  academics do n't mind of course , they just use phd students and postdocs to do all the work whilst they hobnob around . 
  and so many phds now , i know lab techs that are doing phds now because hell , why not !, 
  no i think we will go for a points style system but essentially give out work permits as easy as getting an electronic travel visa . 
   i came to the uk to do a phd because there was little chance i would get funding for one in portugal we 've already got enough scientists in the eu , you 'll find out when you get into the jobs market . 
  now you 're using uk facilities to become a competitor for british scientists . 
  i 'm an ex professor myself , academia is in a disgraceful state in the eu , what a mess . 
  the government should pay compensation for each new migrant it takes into the country and this should be passed on to the employers if necessary ( employers already pay extra fees to use agency workers for example ) . 
  little tariffs and charges like this are a splendid tool to control many economic factors . 
  your idolised ` freedoms ' are n't helping you . 
  it would be something that could be adjusted every budget cycle like tax on cigarettes and optimised to a functioning system . 
  but we ca n't do these things , oh no . 
  so we left instead . 
  we 'll have a minimum wage of # 9 per hour in 2020 . 
  that means a rise of about 40 % over 5 years , it was # 6.50 or something this time last year . 
  i became a firm leaver when i realised that the eu is n't helping the newer accession states . 
  i used to believe it would help to build up the east and stimulate trade all round , but it just led to brain and investment drain . 
  seriously though look at the amount of sad cases in this thread . 
  i 'm just taking the piss . 
  look at that romanian ` all your bases are belong to us ' guy . 
  i bet he lives in england anyway picking strawberries lol , get some dignity . 
  does n't sound like it to me , cockchafer !,
