  it 's not so easy because sometimes we just need to get convenience food . 
  it 's a society problem , i see bus stations full of obese people eating shit , it 's almost like seeing hordes of heroin addicts walking around . 
  i used to be obese but now i put a lot of effort into what i eat and i 'm healthy now , but i really need to put a lot of energy into that , i would n't expect most of the society to be able to do so . 
  i might sound snobbish but it comes down to lack of education , money , time and just basically the will to live a fit life . 
  i also smoke and it is far less damaging to health . 
  i run marathons and stuff and smoke , you ca n't do that if you 're fat ( well i did do a marathon at 95 kg but it took 6 hours ) . 
  my last health check i hit 100 % on everything . 
  i was quite a strong advocate of brexit until this scottish referendum , ( i spent a lot of karma on this sub back in the crisis days ) . 
  now i am reconsidering . 
  maybe because it sucks to break unions i realise now , also , i feel we owe it a bit to the scots to honour their desires . 
  still , i am very concerned by border control and by frankfurts manipulation of the euro . 
  and all the shit carbs that have been forced into our diet . 
  this is true . 
  also , illegal immigrants ( afghans , somalis etc ) . 
  it is rather offensive to call an iranian arab anyway . 
  i fear this problem ( sexual attacks on non-muslims ) is dwarfed by forced marriage and honour killings , but it 's not trendy in the media at the moment . 
  there are n't any societal ills in france , at least relative to the rest of the world . 
  it 's one of the most socially developed countries in the world . 
  why do you think immigrants are flooding there . 
  do n't turn this around to be the fault of the destination countries . 
  that 's the point . 
  the capacity to assimilate the large amount of immigrants from difficult backgrounds is way beyond the capability of france . 
  bear in mind that france has a very strong social set up with regards to housing , welfare , education , healthcare and rights . 
  i think you maybe do n't get the scale of the problem europe is facing now . 
  egypt closed it 's border with gaza and they 'd have to go through israel to get to lebanon . 
  so hey , come to europe !!, 
  is she the queen of sheba or what ? 
  thats an insult to the anglosphere . 
  this guy gets his ideology from cuckoo land . 
  no , if i say that i 'm a racist . 
  was n't this obvious ? 
  your tax dollars have paid for 1000s of cowardly drone strikes surgically targeted at babies cribs in afghanistan . 
  that 's the kind of stuff that isil supporters spurt out . 
  well they are n't adults to be fair . 
  i know lots of moderate muslims , i mean really a lot . 
  most of them deny any responsibility for any of the problems of the islamic world and blame the usa and israel for it . 
  it is endemic in the middle east and pakistan , this belief . 
  i just learnt recently that bint means girl in arabic , probably where we get it from in some round a bout way . 
  no , most of the muslim world believe that it was all casued by the cia . 
  this is true , i saw a map earlier showing the main entry points into europe . 
  it was drafted by some europe without borders leftist group or some such . 
  you see these arrows on the map pointing from libya to italy , turkey to lesbos etc. 
  also hotspots where you can be deported via . 
  then on the map there are all the big demos of the year and things to get involved in . 
  people coming into our borders is getting pretty organised and still nothing is done . 
  it was 2012 map , maybe i could try to fish it out but that means reading these extreme leftist blogs etc. 
  again to find it . 
  still , i save 10 minutes when i fly inbetween european countries because theres no passport control . 
  i love you eu !!!!, 
  ok a lot of the guys that are acive in these areas got here somehow and burnt their passport . 
  so they either live underground or live in some state of internment camp . 
  i do n't know what to call them but they all band together . 
  i know there are different stages of interaction with the state and they do actualy suck all of them , but its better than home it seems . 
  of course i agree with refugees and asylum but it also has to be noted that berlin is a bit overloaded with these at the moment . 
  i mean , whats your experience , where are you living . 
  i 'd say there are about twice as many influxes as we can handle , and thats because of lax borders and social policies . 
  yes i might go down these lines . 
  what about the guys that smuggle here and seek asylum when they are found . 
  please do n't trivialise things . 
  imo aan asylum seeker is somebody that applies for it and is granted it in in the home country by an organisation . 
  sorry i blurred the line between refugee and illegal immigrant but the line is pretty blurred . 
  and actually if i knew an australian for example that had overstayed their visa i 'd kick their arse to get out for their own sake . 
  because i know they have more to lose and should know better . 
  and they can always come back . 
  i 'm not saying i 'd report them , thats what i 'm asking . 
  should they be reported ? 
  i feel this too . 
  i do n't think it would do any good reporting them . 
  anyway , the dangerous ones must be known to the police . 
  i 'm not a real insider so they must know more than i do . 
  and unfortunately i 've ended up in this situation but actually i think its becoming more and more common . 
  i do n't want to tell to people to get out of my life and get confrontational , as most europeans also dont want to . 
  i think we are being taken advantage of collectively . 
  i mentioned earlier i got a new housemate , hes actually a great guy , well educated and no problem , but the thing is , do we just invite each other to other peoples houses because we do n't want to go back to our home country . 
  there 's something wrong with that . 
  i can actually do it but should we all adopt a pakistani/syrian/afghani / somalian . 
  problem maybe is that the influx is too large to handle in a short time . 
  britain and france have both handled quite large immigrations in the past ( look at our football teams for example ) but is n't it a bit too much now i wonder . 
  and the other one is called cameron . 
  probably because eu farming and agriculture is subsidised also so it maybe just turns out cheaper to import that . 
  there 's an obvious trend for gdp to increase over time ( i do n't know how to explain it from an economics perspective but its easy to see in the graph ) . 
  therefore if you are flatlining you are doing quite badly , then you look at greece . 
  well done germany though ( trollface ) . 
  the comment is related . 
  people are concerned about overpopulation . 
  cemeterys are getting short on space . 
  people have a right to express concern over this if they want . 
   the fact that fn mainly addresses the lower class tells a lot , too . 
  what does that tell ? 
  i love the irish way with words . 
  i live in wedding berlin and the turks here are awesome . 
  i get loads of free shit from the shops and they do n't cause any trouble . 
  i also cultivate a spectacular beard with help from the barbers . 
  as a foreigner myself , i probably relate to them as much as the germans . 
  i used to live in geneva . 
  not many people with 2 swiss parents there indeed . 
  i agree that the laziness argument is unacceptable . 
  i did n't mean to come across like that . 
  i do n't think it 's a political decision per se but it is a problem with how the euro is . 
  i saw one of my spansih friends the other day and he just looked so shamed about the whole thing .
