  many years of science has turned me into a paranoid sceptic . 
  if you build a load of equipment designed to see something eventually you will see it whether it 's real or not . 
  there are still many proofs needed , then they have to test different hypotheses of the new theories they can make including the new particle ( s ) . 
  this is the really exciting part . 
  hopefully it means new jobs for scientists in europe . 
  maybe even my subject ( chemistry ) might change , how we think of quantum mechanics and so on . 
  so there may be lots of young physical chemists rewriting the text books now . 
  well i agree with what he said . 
  i do think he reminds me of [ beaker ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpcuxwpoq_a ) though . 
  i agree . 
  if it was going to be done , it should n't be under duress . 
  if they can get through this , i 'd even be open to uk joining . 
  the german lawyers i worked with are very thorough , i have a feeling in many other countries things are more settled on a handshake to various degrees . 
  they will have a lot of work to do that 's for sure . 
  i 'm in germany now . 
  was in pseudofrance before ( geneva ) . 
  it 's been too long now for me !, 
  if this becomes a long protracted legal case though wo n't they just go ahead and press on with the former ( pro esm ) decision during the interim . 
  i do n't know but in principle these cases can take a long long time to process . 
  same in germany i believe . 
  so it stabilises in q3 and 4 then 2 pc growth in 2013 , 5 pc in 2014 or some other nonsense . 
  no , what will happen is they realise they need more and more bailouts and they end up with a huge greece . 
  sorry , just those gdp predictions are laughable . 
  i know the type . 
  uk is full of whingers , it 's a national sport . 
  i am actually ` living the dream ' , i moved away from uk years ago . 
  and i would tell all those wannabe migrants , that the grass is definitely not greener over here . 
  i would go back in a heartbeat but i do n't want to leave my responsibilities . 
  i have no idea why you are being downvoted for a valid opinion . 
  you did n't even call anybody a nazi . 
  cameron vetoed 1 thing and suddenly britain want to sabotage the eu ? 
  may i remind you that the fiskalpakt was also not popular in many countries such as germany . 
  also can you call rajoy and monti crybabies for threatening to ` veto all the things ' unless the bailout conditions were changed . 
  also bloody hell , the things schaeuble and merkel have blocked . 
  i have lived in germany and switzerland for 8 years now and i speak german maybe 10 minutes per week on average . 
  actually it 's quite annoying because it 's so hard to learn that way . 
  nobody helps you to practise . 
  i only speak german when i meet somebody whose english is worse than my german and that is rare . 
  there 's only so much they can do in this short time . 
  the reforms were made far too quickly that is for sure . 
  i would blame the people that prescribed that and the leaders that accepted it . 
  did n't they already do that ? 
  i 'd say 60 % youth unemployment is . 
  good question . 
  maybe because poland has it 's own currency ? 
  yet presumably it is in some way pegged to the $ . 
  what is to say that this will not happen soon to poland . 
  edit : ok so it seems that zloty is not pegged to euro . 
  i thought they would join in 2 years but they wo n't before 2019 apparently . 
  you 're right i do n't think she could have done much else in the circumstances . 
  it 's more a point of how there are so many administrative/political layers to get through things get messy . 
  and she should have foreseen such problems arising . 
  maybe she has some misleading advisors or just the german government needs to find a common stategy . 
  i am awaiting the esm ratification vote in germany , and just realised i have a crush on sahra wegenknecht , who apparently is wearing a hoodie with `` no to fiskalpakt '' written on it . 
  well they 've decided to add a patch . 
  now it may take a few months of political stalemate before they apply it it would n't surprise me . 
  edit : by the way downvoter . 
  germany , finland and netherlands still need to ratify the esm mechanism . 
  there is absolutely no guarantee that this will be easy . 
  especially as merkel has bare-face lied to the people she needs to pass the vote this week . 
  there 's a good chance that nothing will change and we 'll just kick the can until the next ` crucial ' summit . 
  randy ? 
  make me one please !, 
  we can make a kind of reverse crusades . 
  do i make you hoooorny baby ? 
  that 's the whole point . 
  it 's too expensive for greece to make feta when paying euro rates for farmers . 
  if it was 1/2 the price then it would suddenly become very in demand in germany . 
  this can be applied to everything . 
  no wonder these industries are not working in the south when the euro is making them uncompetitive . 
  the reverse is true for germany . 
  there 's no reason to make something at home if it can be made cheaper abroad . 
  as a person who saw my entire region devastated by thatchers closure of uncompetitive coal mines ( cheaper to import from ukraine/poland ) , i have seen this . 
  are you ready for a thatcherite reform in germany ? 
  you 're overdue one . 
  i understand your point . 
  but it 's not the same thing . 
  our grandparents might have lived with less than we have now , but they were all in the same position . 
  * relative poverty * was less . 
  so everybody worked together . 
  there was also a common cause in many cases , e.g. 
  in uk we were rebuilding after the war , i 'm sure in many other countries here also . 
  now i also do n't like this me , me , me society we live in . 
  but there will be a factor of relative poverty in a persons development . 
  sure there will be people that rise above and become constructive but then many people will not . 
  i 'm not saying the ` drop-outs ' are lazy or that the successful are some kind of super talented . 
  kids will be growing up depressed and hungry and bullied for being poor . 
  their development will be hindered , no matter how hard they try to rise above . 
  on the other hand , the priveleged will gain the good jobs without any talent . 
  i believe in meritocracy overall but that should mean that everybody has the same chance express their potential . 
  it is a problem because europe requires a high number of skilled people to move our economy forwards . 
  when countries are having 70 % poverty these kids will not have favourable chances to develop and become educated . 
  they will become drug addicts and extremists . 
  then what will the 30-40 year olds look like in 20 years time . 
  i agree . 
  we also learnt that deep down european government leaders are c * nts who lead us to self destruction all the time because they ca n't get anything done sensibly . 
  relative poverty is a big social problem . 
  so ok the people might not be starving but is symptomatic of a failing state . 
  no i 'm really nice to everybody except germans honest !, 
  my god you are right !,
