  it 's like the younger sister you always fight with but then when some bully at school picks on her you have to go in and sort it out . 
  i once watched a film where tom hanks was stuck in an airport terminal forever because he became stateless by flushing his passport down the loo or something . 
  this is actually what would happen . 
  either that or you 'd just need to show your passport to cross borders . 
  probably the former , because you know ( guys on this subreddit ) , schengen is one of the greatest triumphs of europe since belsen was liberated . 
  [ ps found it , in case you want to see what happens ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_terminal ), 
  i always thought of it this way . 
  germany and the rest of the world would still export to greece for drachmas but they would have to accept a lower profit margin . 
  they probably then would charge more for their exports in countries with stronger currencies , or export less . 
  expecting greeks to pay german/dutch/french values/prices to import things is what has led to the economic performances diverging . 
  this is what anybody who was around pre-euro remembers happening , but it 's a very difficult concept to put across on this subreddit due to the young demographic . 
  seems like germany as a whole has developed collective amnesia also . 
  i remember there was very little nationalism/populism and a lot of - `` wtf ? 
  how can cheap countries like spain have the same currency as expensive countries like northern europe '' . 
  and obviously of course those misgivings proved to be justified . 
   i ca n't help but think that i was just a naive idealist . 
  you do n't want to be part of uk but you think the eu is better ? 
  i do n't mean to offend you but this is insane , it 's not just the irish ( or nationalist northern irish as i guess you are ) . 
  it 's all the other europhilic countries that are destroying europe . 
  should have joined schengen though ... ... . . hahaha who am i kidding . 
  the eu is a bloody loony bin . 
  if only greece were genocidal maniacs in the near past then they could have done away with their defence budget and just got british , french and american troops stationed acting as their defence for them !, 
  do n't worry , the eu will just force them to have more votes until they say yes . 
  we all love the moment when somebody stands up to the bully . 
  never say yes . 
  never ever say yes straight away to the eu . 
  even if you want to . 
  keep saying no until you get what you want then say yes . 
  europe wo n't take any no for an answer , they ca n't afford to lose greece . 
  this would be almost a declaration of war against greece imo . 
  same applies to brexit referendum . 
  do n't give them a mandate to override sovereignty . 
  sad thing is , we 've seen it coming all those years and it 's only gotten worse for the greeks whilst the rest of the ez has shielded itself from contagion . 
  you do that but i 'd prefer to register in airstrip one thanks . 
  the king is dead , long live the king . 
  shame he could n't have died 5 years ago though . 
  they did n't get closer to zero though . 
  they are -0.6 compared to 2 quarters ago . 
   gdp growth was -0.4 percentage points before and now it is -0.2 percentage points , meaning that the growth percentage number grew by 100 % as -0.2 is twice as close to zero as -0.4 . 
  dude !, 
  they did n't grow they just shrank more slowly . 
  anyway they are n't wrong . 
  recession just means two consecutive quarters of negative growth . 
  the crisis is less in the media now in uk . 
  poor hsbc , you 've really suffered since you moved to uk . 
  bugger off , i 'll go back to midland bank . 
  nor will the people they threw overboard . 
  who wants to move to the falklands ? 
   our government did literally nothing to free those two apart from talking . 
  what they probably did is released travel advice saying that there are parts of pakistan that people should not visit . 
  if people ignore this and go anyway then it is at their own risk . 
  must be something like stress at work causing him depression . 
  so he thought `` fuck it i 'm going down and i 'm taking your company down with me . '', 
  probably gone through everybody 's mind with a demanding career at one stage . 
  got to get that little minority-of-people-that-hardly-ever-vote 's votes !, 
  i 'm sure this is why labour lost the last election , chasing the minority identity politics vote . 
  well at least they get bradford 's muslims . 
  right on all fronts . 
  this town is pretty close to rotherham so i guess we 're not surprised anymore . 
  that being said there is plenty of local outrage on the migrant issue and also quite a bit of support for the good ones . 
  i went to sports direct in shirebrook yesterday , what a shitty town it is :( then again , it was shit before the poles came . 
  it 's funny how eu non-uk nationals get preferential treatment over uk nationals when it comes to thing such as security checks ( for jobs as carers etc. ), 
  and the sex offenders list . 
   created to fight against ... forced conversation no wonder they are so popular in the uk then . 
  they mostly speak some english , enough to get by . 
  other than that it 's not extremely easy but it 's worth a shot . 
  plenty of latvians came here and are settled , others did n't get the breaks and went elsewhere . 
  this guy won prizes and the best he can do is make a set of 25 memes ? 
  they look rubbish , ca n't even read the glastonbury one and capital italics times new roman lol . 
  this is unfortunately the ramblings of a sick man ; the ramblings of a europhile . 
  ` the only stupid questions are the ones you did n't ask ' or something along those lines . 
  start a hashtag ? 
  not sure if it was that one , i just scanned it and need eye bleach now . 
  it is pitifully bad and totally unnecessary . 
  anyway the one i was meaning had some genuine racial slurs about british women being ugly or something like that , head shapes and so on , i do n't know . 
  it was very vitriolic and i 'm sure if that aired in the uk aimed at poles or romanians then there would be a massive shitstorm . 
  i mean if you look at the poem about erdogan it crosses the line on multiple occasions . 
  after seeing those heute ` satire ' shows about us inselaffen i do n't have much sympathy . 
  there 's satire then there 's insults just for the sake of it . 
  i 'm no fan of erdogan but i would understand somebody 's concern of being undermined in a powder keg environment . 
  we have seen what happened to other bad guys such as saddam , assad and gadaffi and the aftermaths there . 
   even juncker advocated for it must be a good idea then . 
  we 'll have the islamic calendar by then , do n't know if it still fits the format . 
  nice dystopia you created there . 
  i think a military coup might be required to get rid of the eu . 
  i know this sounds ridiculous , but there is no contingency to remove the eu from power . 
  if the people are unhappy with the eu but the governments ignore them then i would rather support a coup . 
  this is why the thought of an eu army is really scary , then we have absolutely no way to get rid of them except outside intervention . 
  i honestly think there would be a revote . 
  there will be a period of several years until we officially leave , during which time it will be hoped that it will all blow over and be forgotten about . 
  therefore we will either forget about it or revote once the eurosceptic feelings have been beaten down . 
  cameron will probably be kicked out and the conservative party will be torn in half . 
  i do n't think we could have any party making a majority after that , even with coalitions . 
  i just do n't see how we are going to get out of the eu . 
  it is unprecedented . 
  actually i am eusceptic but i would be happy if we vote to stay in . 
  the union will crumble anyway eventually so at least we wo n't be blamed for it , and you may need our army when it comes . 
  i wonder if we 'll get a few chances to vote correctly also . 
  buy two new babies , adopt another lonely one , or just tough it out until your last guinea pig dies alone ( they might not get too lonely if they are old and used to your contact ) . 
  it 's actually a big dilemma for people who have rodents as pets .
