  in tandem with the previous point , other nations will resent germany 's near unilateral hegemony over the eu , unless the french start making a lot more noise and italy and spain also . 
  germany really want us in the eu to help anchor it politically , that is essentially what the political union has been about . 
  more autonomy for nations in europe . 
  if the uk leaves the eu it will be a massive step towards this goal . 
  hang on . 
  we did n't invade syria and a lot of isis are former military of sunni saddam 's govt . . 
  they fled to a growing coalition that became isis when a shia govt . 
  was put in place in iraq , probably because they knew that they had acted in criminal ways under the saddam regime . 
  if we did n't go into iraq there would still be the same pressure in syria and iraq between sunni radicals and shia/alawites but the sunni side would have state support . 
  we ca n't say the situation would be better if we did n't go in . 
  immigrant in your spare broom cupboard is the new portable vinyl record player . 
  i do n't live in berlin anymore anymore but if i did i could go and take a snapshot of the u-bahn in neukolln and then we could have a game of spot the hipster versus spot the illegal immigrant . 
  go on have a look tomorrow . 
  afghans with tight leather jackets and tracksuit bottoms everywhere . 
  not many bearded white guys with trilbies and tight jeans . 
  i mean i know what you mean but i do n't think that berlin is so gentrified yet , not like other capital cities . 
  neukolln is still a good example of a ` ghettoised ' area . 
  i do n't mean it 's bad either , just has lost of shops in arabic and so on . 
  or exports to brics collapse and germany becomes detroit . 
  ( i mean what happens when you invite a huge number of migrants to prop up a manufacturing ( cars ) industry , then lose that industry . ), 
  very good question . 
  i bet some will drift into ghetto communities and live in alternate society within them , and others will have to be afforded as much care as a child , i.e. 
  years of education/support . 
  obviously taking in these refugees is a large burden . 
  in europe we ca n't afford our own children because of the many years of support that is needed to ready them for society . 
  sure some migrants can adapt and assimilate very fast but we ca n't expect many of them to do so . 
  look in the ghetto communities in european cities , and illegal immigrants there ( e.g. 
  if you live in berlin walk around neukolln ) . 
  you will see many people with clear mental health problems . 
   newspaper-worthy , even nah , not enough dead kids . 
  it 's fine to hate russians , americans and gypsies around here . 
  especially gypsies . 
  puts us probably another couple of percentage points closer to glorious emancipation . 
  thanks j.-c . !, 
   he also asked how much a chelsea football match costs to see . 
  refugees are welcome !, 
  at football grounds according to what they 've seen on their facebook feed . 
  actually yes . 
  my girlfriends sister lived there so we went at christmas every year and i knew a few when i worked in germany . 
  i actually like them , makes me laugh when they say chaupapa . 
   `` we should provide primarily women and their children a safe way to seek eu asylum from turkish camps and transport them to their assigned country ourselves , while denying everyone else ? '', 
  the sad thing is , by the time we 've taken in all these bandits that run the border there will be no space or political will to take the families that have been in the camps and waited to get processed and rehomed abroad . 
  there 's no way anybody can justify what these criminals are doing and a dead child does n't change that . 
  it 's crazy , ca n't people see that ? 
  no i just hate poverty porn . 
  they could take a picture of any of thousands of kids that have died today in shitty circumstances . 
  they use this one to push an agenda . 
  the kid should n't have been anywhere near the sea . 
  either stay in turkey/lebanon/jordan ( they probably have a good chance to get moved to a better situation through proper channels ) , or ride it out under isis or go over to the assad side . 
  do n't run with a baby kid . 
  this is obviously horrible but it is poverty porn . 
  so i will disregard the emotional impact of it - which leads me to one conclusion . 
  what terrible parenting skills . 
  karachi express being rerouted to prague imminently . 
  stupidity wise , i 'd put it somewhere on par with the strategies that the troika came up with to fix greece . 
  they are just like the german 's irish . 
  that and the von trapps . 
   blackmailing passive aggressive whiney bitch blackmailing , german style . 
  there are hundreds of thousands in camps in turkey and lebanon that will be thinking they 've just been invited for a new life in germany . 
  please x-post to / r/britishsuccess, 
  dublin is such a joke by now , you have bbc presenters showing you how to get round it . 
  once upon a time the bbc would get into trouble for this but nobody gives a shit . 
   just send them on to germany they want to send them to germany , they just are n't sure if the austrian border and then german border controls will let them through . 
  so there 's no point letting them on a train if they will be stopped at the border and processed for a couple of hours , delaying everyone . 
  i believe they are getting mixed messages as to whether germany/austria want them to be allowed through . 
  this could get nasty if they are marooned in hungary with presumably more on the way . 
   germans protest with signs saying `` refugees welcome '' i got called ridiculous and down voted into oblivion for saying this was a bad idea the other day . 
  we need to remove the ` pull factors ' so that we have more resources to deal with those that are here due to ` push factors ' . 
  this is the only sensible stance to take , i have no idea what is going through your mind to think that is ridiculous . 
  this subreddit is absolutely mental . 
  this is irresponsible . 
  the largest audience for e.g. 
  bundesliga and premier league outside europe is made up of those young african and mena males that we see coming as economic chancers . 
  in fact you will see quite a lot of them wearing bayern , barcelona or man u shirts . 
  when the majority of these are clogging up our border agencies then the real refugees with wives and children get stigmatised . 
  this shows that creative practises in the pharmacology sector are underdeveloped in mainland europe . 
  there are some trailblazers like ( d ) a ( f ) cne schippers but on the whole disappointing . 
   did the iq drop severely all of the sudden ? 
  / r/europe has been a veritable retard fest this whole weekend . 
  maybe having to deal with the harsh reality of all the immigration threads has triggered all the kiddies . 
  they ca n't even entice the locals to stay there so no chance refugees will want to stay . 
  there was a lithuanian on here the other day raging at the uk for not taking in refugees . 
  then i checked and saw that the population of pretty much all the baltic states has dropped 25 % in the last few years . 
  lol ( i bet a large amount of them are in the uk now aswell . ), 
  i do n't understand why sweden and germany say they 'll give special preference for syrians but are n't helping them to get to those countries . 
  so they have to run the gauntlet through the rest of europe on the off chance they get to germany . 
  if you want them in your country man up and go and get them , leave the rest of us out of it . 
   germany is calling them practically . 
  [ i blame this personally ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onp-b_ivdt0 ), 
  i 'm glad you make the distinction because the media and eu administration clearly do n't !, 
  were those hungarian refugees predominantly young men though or were they a cross section of society . 
  most people are sympathetic to syrian families but opening the floodgates to economic migrants is abuse of the native population . 
  whilstever germany wants to inflate it 's domestic consumer base there 's nothing they will allow the eu to do . 
  it may come down to eu schism between right-wing pressured governments in france/uk etc and germany - leading to a collapse of eu migration/freedom of movement . 
  then each country can take migrants how they want under laws that suit their needs . 
  that 's our best hope now . 
  sadly france and uk will hardly ever sing from the same hymn sheet so germany gets the casting vote on all eu affairs . 
   were there really people living 7 or 8 people in two-bedroom apartments 8 to 12 years ago ? 
  i do n't know but they seem to have imported this culture into the uk . 
  meh - a few million syrians .
