  i guess it 's a bit similar to saudis funding isis . 
  i remember as a kid in the 80s somebody always getting dared to walk into mcdonalds and ask for a semtex burger . 
  it was my impression that irish americans cared more about fighting the ` oppressive brits ' than the people from the irish republic did . 
  the ira were/are just a terrorist group and republican irish suffer from them just as much as anybody else . 
  sounds like northern ireland . 
  well in the uk it felt different because the ira issue was a homegrown - albeit with us funding - phenomenon and something that was almost part of the fabric of the uk . 
  we took responsibility for it - people on both sides . 
  islamic terrorism is more external and is based around foreign ideology . 
  we understand more the motivations for the ira or basque separatists or even feminists . 
  islamic terrorists should not be our problem . 
  you sound like a pound shop malcolm x. 
  stop it you 're embarrassing . 
  where were the police when all this was happening eh ? 
  as if this as only been happening for the last century . 
  had to abort video after about 4 seconds . 
  bbc twatknackers . 
  when they want to sound really jingoistic they just shorten it to ` strayan or ` strine ( that is actually the technical term for aussie dialect ) . 
  it is but it 's british actors and it 's pretty good . 
  i 'm surprised they did n't sell it in the uk or that uk stations did n't buy rights for it . 
  [ here 's the arabic subtitle version for new germans ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weil9gurz_q ), 
  it 's an english play set in england . 
  if it was so popular you 'd have thought it would have been shown a couple of times in uk . 
  it 's a legit police warning . 
  so you 've just got all loaded up with sekt and you 've headed on down into munich to watch some sparklies and suddenly you 're told not to hang around in crowds or use public transport . 
  that must be shit . 
   some people just can not get over their racist views . 
  what 's wrong with prince philip ? 
  my work started pricing up contracts to distribute referendum leaflets for 2016 but i still do n't think it will be 2016 . 
  any bad news coming from eu in the 1st quarter and they 'll postpone it . 
  if we have a ref . 
  in mid 2016 and brexit wins then cameron will most likely have to stand down and that 's not helping anything . 
  it 's too soon imo . 
  and bizarrely , hardly anybody in england has heard of it . 
   all people that should have been in streets will now gather in a concert hall are you sure that 's a good idea ? 
  not fight or flight scared . 
  more ` soul crushing despair ' scared . 
  we 've got it here too . 
  i 'd fly and stop in hostels . 
  check sky scanner.net and booking.com for hostels . 
  maybe better sites are available . 
  you could also try couch surfing . 
  it 's called detroitisation . 
  actually i just made that up , but that is what it will be . 
  you would get the # 25,000 tax free to cover your year doing teacher training ( pgce ) , i think you get it in 3 instalments . 
  that is equal to well over # 30,000 taxable salary which is a lot . 
  plus you could teach german presumably which means that you would be in high demand . 
  i 'm not sure if the bursary extends to non uk nationals though , i guess it should do . 
  i 'm surprised we have n't started plundering the continent yet . 
  we are so desperate for physics teachers , you can get # 30,000 bursary to train ( if you have a 1st degree in physics or a phd ) . 
  other sciences it 's # 25k . 
  we 're short on german teachers too . 
  where did they get them from , we are desperate for teachers in uk . 
  i just think we might as well go full on dystopia and face it rather than them trying to sneak it upon us drip by drip so we do n't realise . 
  french is useful to help you understand old english or obscure english , as many of the less common words have latin roots . 
  it 's worth an extra answer in every pub quiz . 
  learning french to communicate with people though , what a stupid idea . 
  german even more ridiculous . 
  i want to see a huge banner of martin schulz draped over the face of the shard and juncker beamed through our tv screens every night during coro ' . 
   you should go and get some fresh air . 
  he 's right though . 
  if this keeps up we 'll all be as mental as the germans . 
  it is . 
  a lot of sources predict this though , primarily due to the population of uk rising above that of germany and france . 
  how we can fit more people into the uk than either of those is beyond me but we keep getting blamed for not wanting mass immigration . 
  there was another scandal about vacuum cleaners , siemens i think it was . 
  this pissed off sir james dyson , who was previously a europhile . 
  when big business in the uk decide it 's time to leave , it 's over . 
  germany rigs eu regulations to sell its products . 
  it 's very obvious . 
  any atonement germany might have made for the nazi era is being unravelled in the last 5-10 years . 
  they 've been proper arseholes since reunion to be honest , but particularly since the euro crisis . 
  willy brandt 's west germany is not relevant to modern germany . 
  even europhiles in the uk are getting tired of their shit . 
  another big thing like greece or the immigrant scandal or more vw type scandals in 2016 and i think public opinion of germany will start to sour . 
  45 years later merkel threatens sanctions on poland for not letting illegal immigrants in . 
  bolsheviks broadcasting communism ? 
  this makes me glad i left berlin after living there for almost a decade . 
  what a shithole it 's becoming , and those activists make germans look like laughing stocks . 
  well they 'd keep kicking the ball over the goal instead of in it , so you 've got that . 
  interesting precedent to set , hmmm . 
  what do you think will happen then ? 
  there 's no way we 're getting a referendum in june 2016 . 
  cameron is saying that so the rest of the eu pays attention to him before february . 
  i agree . 
  if the vote was today , the remain side would win fairly easily . 
  but the leave side are gaining momentum . 
  i just think if something happens prior to june to put the leave side ahead , then the referendum will be postponed and things will get dirty . 
  there 's no way that the leave side can come out ahead , i 'm feeling convinced by that . 
  it will take a coup to get us out of the eu . 
  it wo n't be in june 2016 if it looks like the leave side will win . 
  they will postpone until it 's a safe bet , even if that means indefinitely or until a vote of no confidence in cameron by tory eurosceptics . 
  i wonder what will be the next major crisis in the next 6 months . 
  well they do seem to be coming in following an exponential curve so she is n't wrong . 
  i can bring home almost $ 3,000 in a busy month in my 0h contract . 
  i was a junior professor in germany working harder and earning less than that . 
  in fact , as my rent situation is cheaper now , my disposable income as a packager is better than a phd + 10 years exp . 
  level job in germany . 
  sure , sometimes i earn nothing but i 'm between careers at the moment and my 0h contract job is fine . 
  it only pisses me off when i 've got too much work ( and when they do n't tell me when i might expect to go home so i do n't know how much lunch to pack , that pisses me off ) . 
  i hear of the occasional vicar who falls on an orange whilst putting up his christmas lights , and gets it stuck up his bum .
