  it was also the period where i became a ukip supporter . 
  i got downvoted for saying the same thing itt . 
  if he was a native swede they would have reported it . 
  what are those problems you mean ? 
  i am very anti-german myself , having lived there for many years . 
  no but they are british . 
  the island is called britain . 
  i guess you could call the irish british also because ireland is part of the british isles . 
  if anything , the scottish are more british than the english are . 
  i think they would be most pissed off if you told them that they were n't british . 
  it would be like saying that england owns the whole island . 
  it is reported as very black and white that hitler set out to exterminate jews but it was more gradual than that . 
  originally the prison camps were for political dissidents and perceived antisocials . 
  mass murder started occurring towards the end of the war . 
  i mean it is only ever reported that nazis were evil jew haters , i have seen not much of the reasons why and the logistics behind it because questioning the holocaust is extremely taboo . 
  we should bear in mind though that the communist regimes that the nazis were fighting against committed genocide on a much bigger scale . 
   `` if anything i 'd say the holocaust and nazis trying to extinguish all jews and minorities are overemphasised . '' . 
  we ca n't learn from this part of history enough in my opinion . 
  i 'm not being a holocaust denier . 
  but i have lived in germany for many years and there is an unhealthy guilt there . 
  i think that germans can handle the truth by now , but the holocaust narrative overpowers a lot of other discussions . 
  hitler did n't come to power solely to wipe out jews and minorities . 
  the wannsee conference was in 1942 ( after germany started losing the war in the east ? ) . 
  there were various credible threats to germany , debt , bolshevism , german minority persecution in foreign countries , a lot of people supported the nazi party obviously , we ca n't deny that or say they were brainwashed . 
  what i mean is , guilt causes a vicious circle . 
  germans keep kicking themselves saying they deserve to give refuge to the world and that we need a supranational europe , and what we are actually seeing is a vicious circle and history repeating itself . 
  the far right is rising and euro-russian relationships are pretty low because we could n't help getting involved in ukraine . 
  come on , the fascists and the communists were already fighting each other in spain . 
  there was a rise of both ideologies , in the uk also , although we never got too militant on it . 
  have you read any 1930s literature or anything ? 
  it was a war which was always about to happen . 
  free market capitalists came in and mopped up in the end and ended up in a cold war with the other victors , the soviet union . 
  it certainly is not revisionism . 
  see for example the nazi party blaming the communists for burning the reichstag , which essentially got them into power . 
  or the spanish civil war , german and italian fascists armed franco so that they could sure up spain for the fascist side and face less opposition when they started expanding . 
  the prisoner of war camps were originally built to put communists in . 
  i 've been to some museums in germany and you can see how much propaganda wars were going on with the nazis demonising communist/bolshevik influences . 
  if anything i 'd say the holocaust and nazis trying to extinguish all jews and minorities are overemphasised . 
  in uk we see it as glorious liberation of europe from jew-gassing nazis and defence of asia against japanese that made mutant prisoners in starvation camps . 
  i guess it 's very much the way the us sees it aswell . 
  we do n't see it much from the perspective of a proxy war between fascists and communists which we would probably have been better off staying out of . 
  that is another valid opinion as far as i 'm concerned . 
  a lot of british people are not happy how europe has turned out since the end of ww2 . 
  britain and france lost their global superpower status and the world politics became pretty much us vs soviet union which destabilised most of the world . 
  this is what happens when your major trading partner across the sea is getting its economy moving . 
  i wonder how long it will be before uk can benefit from such a thing , it would be nice . 
   half of uk too . 
  no i 'd say that 90 % of the uk is against his politics . 
  we only would vote to stay in the eu due to fear of the unknown , and we are all totally baffled since 15 years why you 'd want a currency union . 
  [ i am starting to think its the difference between common law and civil law mindsets . 
  ] ( https://www.law.berkeley.edu/library/robbins/commonlawcivillawtraditions.html ) most people see a problem and find a satisfactory solution to it and move on . 
  germanic mindset means that people are more interested at finding problems not solutions . 
  this can be good for things like engineering , e.g. 
  how can we make this car gear system better , whereas elsewhere people think , well this car gear system works perfectly fine , leave it like that . 
  what i mean is that so many meetings get rolled over and nothing gets decided because germans are almost scared of solving anything . 
  they freak the shit out when everything is running smoothly . 
  it 's like if they do n't have a world of problems to fight against they have an existential crisis . 
  but eu politics is not a mercedes . 
   greece went from being a small country that nobody cared about , to a place that everybody has researched enough to confirm their prejudices , this has what has happened to islam since 911 in my opinion . 
  even british muslims when i was at uni ( late 90s ) , did n't know much about the koran etc. , just as most european christians ca n't recite the bible to you all day . 
  now we see islam on the news everyday and have world leaders making speeches in its favour regularly . 
  sadly , 911 was a huge success in this regard . 
  i love greece . 
  i used to live in germany for many years and what i saw there turned me into a rabid eurosceptic . 
  not your everyday german , just some of the mentality they bring to board meetings etc. 
  british can be arseholes too , but something about continental ( north ) european mindset troubles me . 
  it is absolutely no surprise to me that europe is struggling . 
  if a spanish civil war situation breaks out in greece i 'm going . 
  i feel that strongly about it i could shed blood now honestly . 
  there 's still a dissonance between authoritarian order and conservatism ( lets say modern fascism ) and left wing sjw guilt , open borders , multiculti ideology ( lets say modern anarcho communism ) . 
  it is once again causing massive tensions in europe and germany is right at the centre of it . 
  i believe that germany has n't moved on from guilt and it is clouding the judgement of european decisions . 
  most germans are extreme europhiles , as if they do n't want the responsibility of running their country but want a supranational state . 
  i have lived in germany for many years even though i am british . 
  the state of the world now is very similar to the 1930s i imagine . 
  we even have a spanish civil war going on in syria/iraq . 
  the left wing sympathies of europe allow these problems to happen , because we are so terrified of nationalism and fair conservatism . 
  i 'm not trying to make a statement , but we have never recovered from the two world wars and the cold war . 
  most of todays tensions are still an extension of that . 
  personally i do not think that germany should exist as a free country whilst ever it has this collective guilt . 
   the irish not so much , because fellow potato-hoarding drunkards ftw . 
  hahaha i 'm dying here . 
  it is quite probably a factor but i do n't think that your perceived good/bad features affect your ability to date . 
  it may affect the ` quality ' of the people you can date but then beauty is in the eye of the beholder . 
  there are incredibly beautiful people who are lonely and there are disabled/unattractive people that are in perfectly happy relationships . 
  it is pretty naive to complain about ` not getting any ' and play the race card for it . 
  we 've all been sexually frustrated before . 
   do n't even get me started on what it 's like being an indian/asian male trying to date indian/asian women . 
  it 's easier than trying to date indian women if you are white . 
  and do n't get started on pakistanis !, 
  this has got to be a troll post . 
  that 's what we did last time we were there . 
  got them in the british museum now . 
  this is the setting for some serious rambo/hostel hybrid hollywood thriller . 
  do n't be racist dear . 
  ( maybe need a / s ), 
  i can actually speak german . 
  `` my my little darling , you are being punished because your ancestors hated jews . 
  i am thriving despite my ancestors hating jews . 
  sorry you are on the wrong side of history . '',
