  it 's not the fault of the greeks but a systemic failure of the ez political experiment . 
  so it 's cool to blame merkel now ? 
  i 'm a hipster !, 
  the fact that germany has used it 's hegemony to create a monopoly on exports and productivity ; to become a massive exporting nation on a continent which can only otherwise be an importing continent ( globalisation ) , is something that is absolutely lost on the germans . 
  this simple fact has been clouded over by self righteous popular opinion on issues such as the effectiveness of the hartziv reforms or that germans work much harder and are more efficient than other countries . 
  sometimes i believe that this mindset whereby germans expect the periphery to help themselves and prove some kind of righteousness before being taken seriously is the beginning of an intense humming of evil . 
  no you 're not having your ball back :d, 
  democracy 's strength is n't in one ( wo ) man one vote , all the parties are the same and never stick to manifestos anyway.half the voters do n't take an informed choice and the media does have a massive influence . 
  the most important part of democracy is that you can remove the government if necessary if shit goes pear shaped . 
  i think the problem with the eu is that there is not an easy way for people to tear this administration down . 
  there is a bit of helplessness . 
  how do we do it ? 
  how can we call for a vote of no confidence ? 
  i have no idea how the whole system works * still * , after it being quite a big deal for the last 15-20 years at least . 
  the system has never been explained to the broad uk public in any way at all . 
  no i 'm still in germany , just thought i 'd fly the uk flag for a bit . 
  maybe it was the jubilee :p, 
  ah so they also use the term mulligan in can kicking also . 
  oh no do n't mention the war !, 
  i did once but i think i got away with it . 
  well john major is positively adonis-like compared to the other tory love rat [ david mellor ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/onthisday/hi/dates/stories/september/24/newsid_2529000/2529115.stm ) . 
   `` things are rarely fair in a crisis ; the little man suffers and the rich feather their own nests , '' sch\u00e4uble quipped . 
  `` it 's not easy to cut the minimum wage in greece when you think of the many people who own a yacht . '', 
  if i was tsipras i 'd get this printed up and stick it around the country . 
  it 's almost as if schaueble wants syriza to win . 
  if i understand correctly , if they just lend the money like the ltro did at inflation rate this allows circulation of money which stops the liquidity problem , but the debt is still the same in the system . 
  so there is a solvency problem . 
  the solvency problem then could be fixed by printing more notes , but then everybodys money gets less valuabale . 
   with a fiscal union and banking union , the problems of a singular monetary union would be solved . 
  it would make it easier for the ecb to act like a real central bank and engage in some qe . 
  i like what verhofstadt said but there can be no fiscal or banking union and no qe either . 
  that 's the problem , there are so many hurdles to jump with different layers of administration , every proposal falls down at some stage . 
  as germany seems to block most things , either accept them running the whole ez , or kick them out ( a school of thought that is actually gaining a lot of traction ) . 
  they should drop it out of helicopters . 
  better still , install shower sized plastic booths with jets of air inside that let the notes fly around so people can have a minute inside to catch as much as possible a la 80s gameshows . 
  eventually there is a point that you realise that the money the loan shark is lending you is not for your benefit but for his . 
  i think the situation is worse than he described . 
  because nobody is clear yet where the 100bn for spain will come from , they might not even get it . 
  efsf or esm , they have n't a clue what they are doing . 
  well my work institute in germany which is an academic institute is about half full of non-eu students and workers . 
  student initiatives aside , these people would classify as skilled workers if they are full employees . 
  spain will still sell villas to retirees because its an important part of their economy ( which has obviously dried up somewhat now ) . 
  same as russians buying property in london etc. 
  i think the freedom of movement aspect is not as much as a big deal as it is made out , but it certainly is not a bad thing do n't get me wrong . 
  is n't most of this wealth created now sitting as toxic assets in zombie banks ? 
  i thought we were all bankrupt . 
  in a real sense , i think the ez economy may well have contracted harshly overall . 
  when you 've got 50 % youth unemployment in your 4th biggest country ... what was the point in all that extra trade we ` generated ' . 
  you do n't need to feel sorry for me i just rant to try to raise awareness of the inevitable . 
  i 'm well aware i wo n't be making many friends from that . 
  it has to be undemocratic in principle . 
  if suddenly we had a democratic european parliament with the same guys running it as now , there would be an instant vote of no confidence and they would all be sacked . 
  this will not happen of course . 
  i 'm not saying that 150 years ago europe was a paragon of virtue but you looked at germany 150 years ago first . 
  it 's irrelevant . 
  i 've never seen any rationale why a united europe is required to stand up against the developing nations . 
  so when people spout this it makes me angry . 
  i have never seen any mathematics , its just sound bites trying to control the sheeple . 
   why are you insinuating that ? 
  no one is suggesting anything of that kind . 
  it 's a bit late for insinuating . 
  we already have it in europe now . 
  well lets all follow germanys example then . 
  150 years ago europe was full of small countries that basically owned the whole world , but we 'll do it germanys way . 
   the old european nation states , even the big ones , will slip into irrelevance if they try to stand on their own . 
  fuck yeah you 're right . 
  in order to compete with india and china we need to model our country on them . 
  by having a few rich high tech areas and the rest of the land run by fucking peasants who are starving to death . 
  maybe we should censor the internet also . 
   the old european nation states , even the big ones , will slip into irrelevance if they try to stand on their own . 
  back to this again . 
  what proof other than listening to fucking abitur failing bookstore owner martin schulz do you have of this . 
  i do n't think british people are scared of becoming a 3rd world country under your illustrious shadow . 
  maybe they just do n't want to see you wreck the continent any more than already has happened . 
  you know , in the spirit of solidarity ? 
  why this notion that we need a common currency to be united . 
  we have a common currency , and it 's causing division . 
  it seems more likely that we need a common currency so certain countries can create a monopoly on exports . 
  i do n't know many german people who think about the eurocrisis . 
  they seem to subconsciously ignore it . 
  i 'm sure there are many that do think about it but the crisis has not arrived here like it has in other places obviously . 
  i guess in spain and greece it is all that people think about . 
  maybe germans do n't want to think about , and have become a reluctant hegemon . 
  but ignoring problems is not a good way to have a relationship . 
  ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge . 
  can the eu give them more though ? 
  this 100bn is not going to be enough . 
  i would imagine this was supposed to keep spain afloat for a good while longer so they could borrow themselves . 
  it lasted a few hours until their risk premium went to unsustainable levels . 
  we can see how it changes now , but when a $ 100bn injection makes such a tiny debt i think exponential rise is to be expected . 
  what shocks me today is how fast spains bond yield spreads/risk premium jumped back up to 2 months highs after dropping overnight due to the bailout . 
  in effect , spain is out of the market , that 100bn is all they are going to get . 
  i think this is a tipping point , the loan has not calmed anything . 
  i 'm also very distressed over it . 
  be careful what you wish for, 
  so these 4 horsemen of the apocalypse will have a plan ready for autumn . 
  reading between the lines , greece is out . 
  i do n't see how this union can hold up until autumn to be honest . 
  i heard a rumour that many of the small banks will be forced to close with the loss of tens of thousands of jobs . 
  also the 10 year bond yields for spain have risen again .
