  well played . 
  ** question : ** are you trying to make british people look ignorant ( like its cool to do with us round here , you hipsters ) ? 
  because you are coming across as a massive prick !, 
  no no no stockholm syndrome man . 
  germans are no better than spanish . 
  it is all a matter of circumstance . 
  this article i like because a ` yankee ' is laughing at european ideas of liberty , and he 's right !!!, 
  what say you europhile ? 
  i do n't think its supposed to reflect some kind of quality of life . 
  its just how much your money can buy you . 
  uk has worse employment but more disposable income than germany for example . 
  i feel this from my experience . 
  but then germany is known for being frugal and other economies are blowng money everywhere . 
  it 's just different kinds of economies . 
  do n't ever think that people in power know what they are doing or are competent . 
  this is not just in eastern europe . 
  people in power are there because of ambition not talent . 
  ok my workplace seems to have a similar opinion . 
  particularly now one group from a med country have a bad rep. 
  i work for a german research institute and i 'm a scientist . 
  throughout my studies in uk we always had southern european students who are extremely talented ( and i do n't say that lightly ) . 
  in these places the education is very good but the jobs are n't there . 
  argentina is another example of an educated people with less jobs for highly skilled . 
  even now throughout research institutes in europe there are spanish , greeks etc. 
  doing the work . 
  in my opinion germans do n't necessarily make good scientists and many are lazy , too entitled . 
  i have a feeling such attitudes are being reinforced in german culture lately also which shocks me . 
  the real loss of this eu mess is that soon there wo n't be spanish , greek , italian students pushing our research . 
  because they will never study but hang around with their junky mates from broken homes in 20 years time . 
  this is the real cost . 
  you can think about markets all you want but people have more value than any amount of money . 
  i took a turkish phd student and we have had nothing but shit from the institute . 
  downright hostile in many cases . 
  as a non german myself i get treated like shit also . 
  although the work we are doing is very good . 
  one thing i could understand , i suppose now we see a massive influence of `` opportunists '' who are looking for work . 
  working in our field for money is considered a bad motivation . 
  that is why these applications are n't considered well . 
  hahaha i like this . 
  i remember when i was a hippie too . 
  that 's what i mean really . 
  this graph looks like a rise in right wing nationalism has been sweeping over europe but in fact those conservative parties have become centre/moderate . 
  the more traditional conservative values have not parties to represent them , except what is labelled as far right hate mongers . 
  whilst at the same time the current liberal governments are busily dismantling sovereign states . 
  i would n't call conservatives right wing nowadays . 
  the general trends have been pushed left so drastically . 
  people now equate people like marine le pen and ukip as extreme right when in fact they just do n't want a eussr . 
  such opinion i would say is standard right . 
  in uk the conservative/labour parties are basically the same and centre/left . 
  i do n't think you can call the german government now right wing either . 
  the guardian is a bleeding heart liberal paper , and this graph is not really accurate imo ( which amazes me why they say so much bad about the eu debt crisis now ) . 
  no my opinion is that history will see this time as one of the dark periods of european history , on a a par with the major wars . 
  i see a catastrophic erosion of liberty and opportunity . 
  maybe already a generation of southern europeans have been broken and i do n't think it 's easy to recover from that . 
  it may turn around if the global economy booms but i doubt it . 
  the politicians or whatever you call them are incompetent . 
  i 'm afraid this is the thin end of the wedge . 
  how much damage needs to be done before they realise that austerity does n't work . 
  i say they because i actually have no idea who is deciding policies here . 
  there is no alternative to protest and violence when you ca n't have a vote on your future . 
  sounds like the streets . 
  you could go london then to edinburgh/scotland to take a ferry to ireland ( dublin ) or northern ireland ( belfast ) . 
  ( ferry probably goes from glasgow which is also worth a visit ) . 
  then you might want to visit the west or south of ireland . 
  this needs 10 days at least and transport ( trains and ferries ) is not that cheap . 
  scotland and ireland are so nice though . 
  this means missing out on germany ( berlin and munich are good ) . 
  it 's really hard to give advice but the 3 countries you suggest are good ones . 
  personally i would always say greece/athens , but maybe it 's a bit too depressing there at the moment . 
  it 's hard to travel too much here in a short time . 
  you know we have different philosophies in europe compared to us . 
  here 100 miles is a long journey and 100 years is a short time . 
  in us it 's the reverse :p, 
  there are quite a few elephants , target2 is another thing which is bubbling up which puts germany at massive risk in this euro gambit . 
  europe is now a political and economic disaster waiting to happen . 
  the uk are still paying for world war 1 in the shape of 100 year bonds . 
  oh i read stuff . 
  today i was reading about target2 . 
  you could tell me about that . 
  i also worked in germany the last 5 years , which is why i resent heiminators portrayal of germans as some super hard working , holier than thou , modern day saints . 
  it 's not the impression i get at all . 
  ok there might be different opinions in europe , but i know which side i am on . 
  read what ? 
  because from where i am standing i can only see the austerity approach to ez problems as a suicide pact with germany being the final and most brutally ceremonious to end . 
  sorry for that imagery , but that is how the europe ( to germany ) in this article obviously sees it to . 
  what is the counter argument , greeks are lazy and do n't pay tax ? 
  germany was the sickman of europe before the euro . 
  the thing is that they have turned it around and become a manufacturing giant due to the euro allowing them to fix prices on exports . 
  this is not bad , it seems germany have made the most of things . 
  however this comes at the expense of others . 
  the question is , has the european economy grown as a whole . 
  i think not , and now with this austerity parts of europe are going to collapse . 
  and this will come back to cause a problem for germany too when they have nobody to sell to , or , the loans that they gave out to potential buyers can no longer be repaid . 
  then when all this blows over , germany will find themselves with a significant loss of economic development since the last few years . 
  the boom time was artificial . 
  this is why germany can not allow the eurozone to break up , and why they are forcing economic slavery on anybody who could set off this process . 
  it 's also why germany will be the ultimate and biggest victim of this pact . 
  if the euro was valued correctly ( i.e. 
  it has a couple of rounds of quantitative easing like us and uk did ) then some pressure would be off the peripheral countries . 
  germany would also be in quite big economic trouble .
