  i think i do n't trust the people in charge to make decisions on such a large scale , that is it really . 
  god damn it we can have free travel and free trade without giving up democracy to unelected eu institutions . 
  and the eu is not preventing war , if anything , this ez experiment is likely to cause more trouble and break up of the region . 
  i 'm afraid it wo n't be fixed without a lot of social unrest . 
  i 'm sorry but all i can see is disaster . 
  maybe i 'm paranoid . 
  also if you are qualified for a job , there is free movement . 
  look at highly skilled work places/grad schools , there loads of chinese and indian people etc. 
  they are n't in the eu . 
  how has the eu actually brought peace ? 
  i think there is no evidence of that . 
  lack of wars is not the same as causing peace . 
  in general it 's a good thing , but i still am very concerned how things have become these last 2-3 years . 
  and i do n't think i have benefitted from moving here . 
  leaving uk was a big mistake , but i have obligations at work so i ca n't go back . 
  i do live in germany since 6 years ago . 
  that is the irish flag though is n't it ? 
  the italian one is a bit redder . 
  i 'm british and i feel absolutely the opposite to you . 
  what is this eu response you are talking about ? 
  it sounds like stockholm syndrome to me . 
  even a fool can see that the eu is a total and utter mess at the moment . 
  germany wo n't allow the printing of more euros because they are sadists . 
  what should venizelos pay back for salad-dodging ? 
  i like how he explains contagion . 
  but i 'd like to see him go more into detail about why the bailouts are necessary to shore up banks in france and germany who lent the money to greece in the first place . 
  so even if greece wanted to leave and devalue , the banks would not allow that . 
  love will set you freeeeeeeeee lol, 
  yes , you nailed it . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  such stereotypes and circlejerks really annoy me . 
  good one !, 
  i do n't watch football anymore after that . 
  so many bad decisions , inclusing i think that blatant handball on the line that sent ghana out ( was it ghana ?? ) . 
  the mexico offside and the lampard goal . 
  replay cameras are needed . 
  and the last rule book i read ( albeit in the 80s ) allowed goals to be given instead of penalties for very blatant professional fouls . 
  really soccer is getting a bit of a joke . 
  do n't do that or there will be only circlejerkers left . 
  there has been quite a bit of anti us stuff lately , ok so it 's not really that offensive , but it 's uninformed and not constructive at least . 
  `` somebody challenged our pompous self righteous attititude and thinly veiled xenophobia - downvote them !!! '', 
  - a lot of europeans on / r/europe, 
  i think there has always been alternate economies in these countries , maybe more in some less densely populated/agricultural regions . 
  there are cash in hand jobs everywhere of course , but it becomes an issue lately as it reduces the amount of tax and efficiency of the government etc. 
  i also do n't see the significance of it . 
  looks just a bit unrehearsed to me , they probably had better things to do with their time . 
  probably being a complete ass and screaming at them really , but i wo n't ever do such a thing being a very british person at heart . 
  german people will get quite heated about things then not care about it . 
  in uk if you lose your cool in public once you are forever stigmatised . 
  you just do n't see that ( maybe why brits go mental when they get drunk ) . 
  germans think being polite is very fake , maybe they told you that already as you are a us citizen , the pinnacle of fakeness for them : dd i have contracts for phd students and research proposals and so on to organise and it 's just a nightmare trying to get hold of the right people . 
  they always leave everything until the last minute and pile all the pressure back on you . 
  well to be honest , i have decided for my own health to give 0 fs about deadlines . 
  still everyday i have guys from abroad asking me why that contract we drafted up 6 months ago still has n't found it 's way to the lawyers . 
  in general germans do n't get bothered by such things it seems , they seem to be used to it . 
  if you miss deadlines and so on or make blunders nobody seems to care . 
  as an academic in germany myself , i would say get used to this . 
  the secretaries and such actually have to make more work for themselves to justify the job . 
  the bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of the expanding bureaucracy . 
  switzerland is worse omg !!!, 
  i had no problems moving to germany but then i am an eu citizen . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  of course there are many high placed public figures running the show but it is very possible that they have lost control of the runaway train . 
  they are just people like us , they have bad days and good days and agendas and they make mistakes . 
  also everybody wants to stick their 2 cents in . 
  it 's naive to put the politicians on a pedestal , they could all be going through a lengthy nervous breakdown with no grip on reality for all we know ( and lets be honest , any sane person probably would have broken down by now in their shoes ) . 
  you know what they say , `` do n't meet your heroes , you will be very disappointed ' . 
  yes half the countries that signed that pact had no real ability to stick to it either economically or politically back home , so it was quite pointless . 
  i just want to remind you that at the last big meeting the dutch agreed to the fiscal pact and then their government collapsed because of it . 
  if cameron had also said yes the same thing would have happened ( well he would probably have had a backlash at least and boris johnson or somebody could have taken over ) . 
  the fiscal pact was in principle undemocratic , look what trouble it has caused . 
  the problem with bartering economies is that it ca n't be taxed so the government ca n't invest in the country . 
  but maybe greeks prefer such an economy as it seems they have n't been that lucky with governments . 
  i think that 's better than trying to make it work and simultaneously tearing europe apart . 
  the uk does n't have bad feelings towards europe outside of the banter/rivalries . 
  i ca n't really think of cases where uk tried to harm europe . 
  ok so dave vetoed the fiscal pact . 
  the dutch did n't and neither did sarkozy , now look at them . 
  and the spanish are n't sticking to it anyway . 
  at least cameron had the balls to say ` look this is just nonsense ' . 
  we still have all of the human potential as educated people and mobile labour force . 
  we have lots of infrastructure in place . 
  only thing that 's messing us up is the economy it seems . 
  i ca n't see how europe can fail in any way other than being run into the ground by incompetent administration . 
  quite true . 
  because the crisis is effecting several nations it is clearly a systemic problem . 
  this is blindingly obvious . 
   olives , and that is pretty much the only thing greece still produces . 
  exactly . 
  theres no point in them producing anything because they would n't be competitive with paying euro wages . 
  how they could n't keep wages down i do n't know , oh yes i do , massive loans causing rampant inflation . 
  it 's the reason why thatcher closed all the industries in uk in the 80s also . 
  if we could buy feta cheese or whatever at dachma exchange rates we 'd start to see a lot of that stuff coming back into our homes . 
  also other stuff , i do n't know , furniture , shoes just randomly putting things out . 
  the kin dof things those southern countries used to produce . 
  i can remember going on holidays before the euro . 
  because then they ca n't price fix their currency . 
  20 years ago germany couldnt sell to greece and many other parts of europe because the dm was too strong and the other currencies too weak . 
  what happens now is that european banks lend a crapton of euros to weaker economies so they can buy german exports . 
  now this whole thing has unravelled , hence the crisis .
