  i know many graduates . 
  in germany for god knows what reason the typical age to finish a phd is about 30 , whilst that would be about 25 in uk . 
  i can not see how it 's easy for a career woman to have a child in such conditions . 
  i know lots of 30 + women who are not even considering children yet . 
  it will be very difficult to stop this train from the eu . 
  democratic means have not been able to dent it so far ( correct me if i `` m wrong , i ca n't think of a time . ), 
   germany can not ride a perpetual trade surplus with club med without blowing up the system ( which must balance ) , nor can it hope to escape the inflationary revenge of such a policy mix on its own internal economy . 
  the advantage is a short-term illusion , a trap . 
  i 've been thinking this for a while . 
  germany will be the eventual biggest losers in this experiment . 
  they are everywhere , at least in berlin . 
  not public toilets maybe but every apartment has them . 
  it feels very unnatural and odd to sit if you were n't raised like that . 
  it 's not even a masculinity thing . 
  i know a lot of non germans and none of them like it . 
  yes i have . 
  it 's a problem with infrastructure not the mindset of the people . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  everybody holds germany up to be a role model but it 's simply not true . 
  i 'm convinced that some kind of german influence in greece would n't have made the situation any better . 
  and it would n't if they started now . 
  ridiculous bureaucracy for one . 
  if there is a simple solution to a problem the germans will aggressive seek to find a much more complex one . 
  they enjoy problems more than solutions . 
  if something is working gemans actually start to panic and i 'm not even joking . 
  in some ways this kind of thinking is good but i do n't think we should force that on everyone . 
  i can actually see these german policy makers stubbornly overlooking simple solutions ( e.g. 
  quantitative easing ) because they want to fix this problem * their * way . 
  even whilst many soverign nations suffer . 
  well disgusts was a bit strong but it is very difficult for non-germans to accept sitting down . 
  i do n't like it , but it 's better than getting splashback on your knees . 
  hahaha . 
  the only problem in germany if you pee standing up you get splashback from the bloody inspection shelves and end up with pee everywhere . 
  to be honest i agree , the habit of sitting down to pee for men disgusts me also . 
  ( i 'm not born german just lived here for years ) . 
  man let me tell you , the german mindset when it comes to organising and running things is spectacularly inefficient . 
  germany works well because it has such a privileged base from post ww2 growth , that is all . 
  but if i need to get shit done , give me greeks over germans anyday . 
  this is what happens when people are n't allowed to vote on the policies that make them lose their jobs , houses , security . 
  common sense . 
  i 'm actually feeling more optimistic that democracy after all could force some changes . 
  what the european superstate of left wing liberals is doing to the med countries is evil , whether it 's intentional or not ( would have to presume not ) . 
  this is important for the democracy . 
  ok , le pen was never going to win , but her existence means that the issues that the fn represent have to be discussed . 
  both candidates now will be wanting to get a piece of the fn vote in the next election . 
  and she 's not crazy and racist like her father . 
  looks maybe incompetent for president , but the idea is to get the issues represented . 
  ca n't argue with that , and the french used their vote . 
  oh is n't it just yaaah raaather bravo !!, 
  no it 's not , it 's borderline fucking fascist , every section of society has a right to an opinion . 
  there 's nothing wrong with what marine le pen is preaching and she is supported by a large section of french voters . 
  as does the daily mail represent a large amount of opinion in uk . 
  do n't be such a snob , or is it insecurity . 
  i never really understood this with your type . 
  all of the anti dm comments here are more hateful than what is written in that article , can you disagree with that ? 
  i 've got a drink problem . 
  2 hands , 1 mouth . 
  there not much context on the blog . 
  these kind of subsidies and such are going on all over the world and to point at a specific case moaning about germany giving money to israel is quite unusual i think . 
  really , that link is junk , and i find posting it inflammatory . 
  it was posted elsewhere and one redditor described it as antisemitic . 
  i would n't go that far but i do n't see the point of it . 
  it 's quite obvious why germany would subsidise israels military , agree with it or not . 
  the state requires a good deal of maintenance . 
  dunno , maybe ask your grandparents, 
  i agree on both points . 
  from graphs i 've seen germany and to a lesser extent austria have benefitted , countries like france and netherlands are about even , and the giips have been royally shafted . 
  although we should all make hay when the sun shines and we ca n't blame germany for that , i do n't know how it 's possible to watch european partners being economically strangled . 
  well i do know how it 's possible , red tape and bureaucracy , nobody is moving in the right direction . 
  disgusting when you think about it . 
  a bit more here http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/16/opinion/krugman-europes-economic-suicide.html sad times . 
  edit : posts expanded relevant link , gets downvoted !, 
  yes the bbc is definitely pro europe . 
  is the eurozone crisis getting better ? 
  really ?? 
  optimistic ?? 
  no way . 
  soros went further than i 've heard anybody lately but then i realised he has a good point . 
  this could end up with breaking up europe as we know it . 
  a disaster , utter disaster . 
  well the austrians i know ( and i know a few because my gf has relatives in vienna ) , they want to be part of germany about as much as ireland wants to be part of uk . 
  i 'm not sure exactly if this is just neighbourly banter or something more deepseated , but in principle germans and austrians do n't want to be seen as one imo . 
  maybe even bavarians want to be separate themselves . 
  we have to be careful when we speak of freedom of democracy . 
  in principle germany is very free but i fear we are seeing these values being eroded in europe due to germanys stubborness . 
  it 's possible that countries like spain and greece are not able to provide for the citizens security which is required for individual freedom . 
  no jobs , little social security or pensions . 
  teenagers now growing up with no hope to follow their dreams . 
  this is not working and maybe it would be better to have smaller states not bigger ones . 
  that 's just a counteropinion to the general federalist juggernaut . 
  really , this can not be stopped , even if people vote against thsi direction it is still pushed towards ( e.g. 
  ireland and lisbon treaty ) . 
  this is against liberty when one can not have a voice heard by elections . 
  this has n't worked in the past . 
  it 's an insult to the people who fought for liberty in the 20th century . 
  lets reunify yugoslavia and uk/ireland while we 're at it should we . 
  and maybe india/pakistan/bangladesh also . 
  let 's all live as one big happy family !, 
  ps i live in germany and i do n't think it can be good for this country to get greater influence . 
  lol i thought you were serious until i saw the maybe .
