  i like you , but you 're a loser . 
  well i know the system here in germany being an academic myself . 
  i fully believe in what i say . 
  i 'm not sure on your experience to be able to contradict me . 
  in fact i 'd love to know some good things but all i see is rubbish here . 
  i 'll have my opinion and you can have yours , i think it 's easier for both of us . 
  say what you like , you know i 'm right . 
  i 'm not trying to win any popularity contests here , just pointing out the obvious . 
  imf are full of shit , what a bunch of idiots, 
  thanks for your infinite wisdom you fucking genius, 
  you 're wasting your time mate . 
  i can admit i shouted `` come on you nigger !!! '', 
  to a black nottingham forest player * when i was about 6 years old at my first football match , but everybody around me instantly told me that was not a cool thing to do and i 've not done it since . 
  * maybe des walker , legend, 
  i 've got no idea what the council of europe is . 
  if it 's full of bureaucrats though i do n't like it . 
  recently i realised the raison d'etre * of buroeaucrats is so that dumb people can hang around cool people and pretend to have an equally important job . 
  i know it took me some years to reach this obvious conclusion but as an englishman i am rather naive to such wankeries . 
  edit : who the fuck downvoted me , bureaucrat twat * ( sorry for brief diversion from the lingua franca ), 
  this is not exactly news . 
  you 'd have to be fucking stupid to choose work in germany over uk intentionally . 
  of course the accident happens regularly , me and my friends are testament to this . 
  but why work in a fucking barbarian camp when you can work in the roman empire . 
  [ warning , contains culture ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-r92d6dia0 ), 
  hahaha stop digging , you 're only making the hole deeper . 
  shhhh . 
  do n't spoil a good circlejerk opportunity . 
  if you 'll allow me to call you a moron for a moment : moron . 
   30 years from now when the us , china , and eu are the world 's biggest players , britain will be more irrelevant than ever . 
  how can yo be sure ? 
  china might not be manageable in it 's current size when it develops , neither india . 
  it is possible these countries will split into smaller autonomous states . 
  it would be then ironic that eu locks itself into a failed superstate to compete against other soon to be emancipated superstates . 
  we do n't know what will happen , but do what you feel is the right honest thing to do ( a particularly british trait ) . 
  this could just as likely be a new golden age for britain , and no , we do n't want an empire again . 
  we just want to control ourselves . 
  the tories are obviously one of the last bastions of the evil ` populist ' forces and must be eradicated for the greater good . 
  well that 's a very scary prospect . 
  what does n't add up though is ; the whole world economy could crash because a few housing bubbles ( spain/ireland ) and some boom/bust overspending ( greece etc. ) . 
  can this be possible , or is the real problem something far more deep seated and systemic to the global financial system . 
  i therefore would believe that the greeces and spains are symptoms of this problem and not , as many of our more blinkered friends ( some in high places ) point out , the cause . 
  it 's a bit like saying uk has adopted the euro because you can use euros in tescos . 
  i 'm not talking about mps . 
  i agree many seats in uk are ` pointless ' to vote in because they are safe seats . 
  but i 'm taking about governments . 
  collectively the nation decided to remove labour due to overspending ( i guess , i was n't in uk then ) . 
  this caused a few percent swing that turns some of those marginal seats in north wales ( if there are any , i guess you 're all labour or plaid cymru ) into conservative . 
  mentioning plaid cymru , they indirectly have a say in labour or tory policy because these parties know that if they want that welsh vote that they need they have to adopt some of plaid cymrus ideas or they will lose seats to them , if something is so important in those constituencies . 
  for example , conservatives have to take notice of ukip or ukip will take some of their their vote and allow labour control of the marginal seats . 
  it 's a funny process but it seems to be working more or less . 
  nobody in uk is suffering due to leack of democracy , except maybe illegals and that 's a different issue . 
  i just do n't think europe is ready for this yet . 
  it 's too large and diverse . 
  the federal president system works in us but it took many years to develop and people are ok with wealth transfers on a permanent basis . 
  the main point about sovereignty to me is that you have the ability to kick out the government if needed . 
  if you lose this on a local basis you could have parts of europe that are locked into the wrong policies with no way to change them . 
  well for sure cameron will not ratify anything allowing a single commissioner a veto over national budgets , or is that only eurozone ? 
  is this a direct ` are you with us or against us ' ultimatum ? 
  the other part about democratic legitimacy ( i.e. 
  do n't let non-eurozone countries vote on non-eurozone matters ) seems to be some kind of step forward . 
  we never get anywhere when everybody puts in their own 0.02 units of currency . 
  i used to think your posts were retarded , now i know you 're backwards . 
  game of manic miner anyone ? 
  well i 've got a simple solution to this . 
  expand the eu office budget as requested by barroso and supply all media to spain directly from there . 
  this will create a few jobs for translators etc. 
  in brussels and would save having to pay 1000s of media luvvies throughout spain and other eu countries . 
  i think uk invested more in ireland and iceland , maybe they did n't have good contacts to greece . 
  yes it 's hilarious all those muppets thinking they are singlehandedly paying for the greek state through their own paycheck . 
  you 're paying to bail out your own banks my bild reading friend !, 
  i think this on top of the obama thing is the discredit . 
  jaglands time on the committee is a farce . 
  if the eu come out and start using this as some kind of rewriting of history then many people have the right to be very pissed off . 
  do n't say that this is right wing radical , it 's centre right . 
  it makes it look like anybody who does n't agree with the eu zombie state vision is instantly attacked as a fascist . 
  a bit over defensive do n't you think ? 
  this is true as far as i 'm concerned but we do n't know for sure granted . 
  there are undoubtedly some good aspects of the eu but the euro project has been an unmitigated disaster and there 's no easy way out . 
  problem was that there was no control over the boom/bust cycle ( schoolboy error ) , and now there is no central bank to rebalance the currency . 
  firstly , you need to work on your sarcasm detector . 
  you can be a sycophant all you like , i have absolutely no idea why you 'd want to . 
  dreaming of a little move to germany are we ? 
  in fact i do n't have to care what happens to you all on the continent as things go ever downhill , but i do . 
  from where i 'm standing the events that are happening around are sickening . 
  i work in a german company on a high up level and i see how they treat the foreign cooperations and workers , ok , my company is full of jerks , but if the rest of the german industries and eu machinations are like this you are fucking fucked . 
  believe me . 
  what 's your experience , tourist ? 
  too left wing for me . 
  actually i 'm pretty furious about it yes . 
  if you do n't see this for the propaganda that it is then you are honestly quite blind . 
  it 's a national embarrassment for norway and pretty embarrassing all round . 
  it drives me mad reading posts by 16 year olds saying herp derp france and germany did n't go to war again herp derp . 
  how the fuck is it possible for war in europe to break out when the only countries capable of it ( france and uk ) are rock solid democracies and sitting on enough nuclear weapons to blow us out of orbit . 
  you might aswell give the prize to enola gay ( they might have for all i know in some form or other ) . 
  oh i 'm sorry war did break out in europe , in yugolsavia . 
  and what did the eu do . 
  fuck all . 
  do you want me to make up a crapload of bullshit and ask you to disprove it , citing sources ? 
  do n't be so ridiculous . 
  just remember the esentiment and report back in a few years .
