  soon you 'll be able to get a stamp every time you leave the uk !, 
  off the edge of a cliff, 
  ` anytime ' you german buffoon . 
  what i mean to say is stop whining or leave . 
  where was this polish envoy when a disabled old man was [ getting stabbed whilst walking their dog ] ( http://www.chad.co.uk/news/crime/shirebrook-man-describes-stabbing-attack-1-7307047 ) in shirebrook ( stuff like this happens all the time , it is local news ) . 
  you have to accept the fact that you may be a victim of crime in life and it 's not always because you are x , y or z. 
  well that 's what it is when you say ` he hates me because i 'm a [ insert minority status here ] . ', 
  in the meantime i have to walk around in a town where in the 18-35 male demographic eastern europeans are probably the majority ( plurality ) and you 've got posh cunt guardian readers painting native english as the threat and this envoy playing up to it . 
  it 's race baiting . 
  polish people should not see this as a racist attack on them , if they do , then they should not be in this country . 
  this is how segregation starts . 
  [ shirebrook ] ( http://www.chad.co.uk/news/local/exclusive-influx-of-eastern-european-immigrants-leads-to-rising-tensions-say-police-1-7885156 ) it does n't say it outright in this article , just says ' 2 incidents led to flashpoints ' or ` stabbings ' . 
  well if i remember correctly there were 2 deaths [ edit : but i might be mixing this up with earlier incidents or incidents from other local towns ] . 
  this article goes more into detail about the sex offender whose mother sent him to england so he could start his life again under the radar ( which is pretty farcical ) . 
  this town is a complete mess , but to be perfectly honest it always has been pretty rough . 
  but that 's what i mean , adults get beaten up by teenage thugs all the time in the poor parts of the uk . 
  i 'm not even blaming the polish in shirebrook , but the very moment a story can be used for an agenda it 's suddenly far right hooligans and brexit fans . 
  i 've lived abroad for many years , if anybody told me to fuck off back to england i 'd laugh for a pretty long time . 
  if eastern europeans want to bring their victim culture and inferiority complexes here then it should n't be our problem . 
  there were a few british old pensioners killed in similar circumstances by drunk polish gangs in my local town in recent months , never saw that in the world news . 
  stuff like this makes me dislike immigrants even more , professional victims . 
  the younger people here will never know how lucky they were not having to put up with wall to wall blanket coverage mourning in every medium . 
  there are websites like goodreads.com which can make it a bit more of a social experience and also help organise a ` to read ' list . 
  well the government just promised to increase funding by 29 % secured for the next 8 years , on top of all the infrastructure and talent we have built up . 
  so i do n't think we 'll be dropping back to 1996 ( one gold medal ) levels in the near future . 
  there may be bigger empires , the galaxy is mostly uncharted . 
  i think it 's stressful for poor parents to provide all the expensive clothes for kids to stay cool so the uniform helps because most people buy from the same shops at the beginning of the year and it 's produced relatively cheaply . 
  i think it 's mainly to keep costs down for parents . 
  this is why we have them , so rich kids in nice clothes do n't bully the poor kids . 
  do n't be daft . 
  for example , nafi thiam who won gold in the heptahlon probably would n't be at the games as an eu athlete . 
  her pb was n't in the top 3 . 
  you could multiply this example by many times . 
  that 's the thing , europe had a great games , they did n't have to spin it in such a farcical manner . 
  they could have said 5 of the top 10 finishers were eu states etc. 
  good idea , the politicians and bureaucrats should be first in line for treatment . 
  you can still be nationalist and say that each system has it 's strengths . 
  usa has a bigger pool for a single team , the eu can send more athletes . 
   they could get positions 1-8 in the womens 100m hurdles . 
  they already got 1-3 and the 4th and 7th british girls only compete for britain because they would n't get in the us team ( they have british mum ) . 
  some of the other finalists also had a similar story . 
  plus the world record holder is from us and she came 4th in the trials so did n't make the team ( she later broke the world record ) . 
  they could get positions 1-8 in the womens 100m hurdles . 
  they already got 1-3 and the 4th and 7th british girls only compete for britain because they would n't get in the us team ( they have british mum ) . 
  some of the other finalists also had a similar story . 
  plus the world record holder is from us and she came 4th in the trials so did n't make the team ( she later broke the world record ) . 
  do n't forget jamaica , fiji , bermuda etc. 
  very hypothetical . 
  you would have to hope that the person you select performs on the day rather than sending 10-15 guys and 1 of them having a great tournament and getting the gold . 
  if the us could send 25 teams and then cumulatively total all their medals how many do you think they 'd win . 
  they 'd gold-silver - bronze a hell of a lot of events . 
  that 's not the flag of the eu , it 's the flag of europe . 
  the eu appropriated it . 
   we do need people with an appreciation and skill for art , literature , history etc. 
  at this stage the problems and deficiencies of the world are of a sociopolitical nature not a technical one . 
  i think stem is overrated , and i worked in stem academia for some years . 
  you 'd have more value to society if you volunteer at your local disabled kid 's school than if you slave in the lab 60 hours a week to produce 2-3 papers a year to add to the 1000s already published in the ever rising number of journals . 
   breaking news : everyone went nuts . 
  we do n't know their motives , they were unclear . 
  ftfy, 
  they just did n't have enough europe . 
  if you want to run around a field waving painted sticks around you can come to the uk and become a morris dancer . 
  i thought everybody outside of the usa looks at the olympic medal table in terms of most golds won being the best rather than most medals overall . 
  take out the uk and make a new table of uk , nz , can , aus , jamaica and fiji . 
  we are good at sports that require sitting down , cycling , rowing , horse riding and such . 
  we also pumped a lot of money in to olympic sports due to hosting the 2012 games , it 's a known phenomenon to do well in the games around the time you host them so 2008 , 2012 and 2016 . 
  it my well slowly fade out in future . 
  we were utterly shit in the 90s . 
  well we prefer to go on no . 
  of golds instead of total medals so hungary are winning at the moment because of metahuman katinka hosszu . 
  85 % of uk population growth since 2000 has been due to immigration or children of immigrants was a recent study . 
  except we would only be able to send about 1/5 of the athletes we currently send . 
  usa has a team of what 550 ? 
  uk and france together must have near 700 . 
  i think it 's quite likely we would n't beat the usa or china . 
  hungary got 3 golds already this time , it 's mostly down to katinka hosszu the iron lady of swimming . 
  i think hungary have the world championships soon and have been building a good swimming program . 
  they have the best swimmers in europe , got quite a few medals there , and a couple of other sundry ones thrown in so far . 
  they should send some of their ultras over here to clean up our streets ( e.g. 
  rotherham ) and toughen up our emasculated millennials . 
  democracy ? 
  guardian editor 's probably expecting a motherland calls size statue in paris somewhere for his role . 
   motiv ist unklar all the west 's media has this on a macro just to save time typing it in . 
  no article goes online without it . 
  i go to decathlon sometimes . 
  my brother in law only buys sports stuff from decathlon and aldi . 
   ascension . 
  i did n't know they were going that far !, 
  wow some germans might get triggered by these images . 
  i think it 's jim carrey but i have n't got my glasses on . 
  call me cynical but i 'm guessing this is because they wo n't create enough revenue to cover the costs of accommodating them . 
  they sound like little posh kids, 
  yes , people who do n't mind paying a fine , so hit them with a licence ban instead . 
  i thought it would be the same in nl , at least western europe and maybe even the entire west all has been following a similar path politically in the last couple of decades . 
  we do n't have a mainstream normal socialist party in the uk since before 1997 . 
  the labour leader jeremy corbyn tried to move labour this way and is being crucified for it . 
  french jousting team . 
  typical guardian , having a wank like ` ooh look these brown people can be clever too , look what they 've drawn !!, 
  ( that 's very good , what is it !? ), 
  i 'm not sympathising with the shooter i just thought that what the man said was pretty strong , then the kid committed suicide .
