  it 's called metabolic syndrome x , and is a global catastrophe . 
  no , we shall call it the paedoph isles, 
  funny you should say that , i grew up in such an area , then i moved to geneva and nearly vomited from the abundance of ugly medium-high rise concrete appartment blocks . 
  greece is just one brick in the pyramid scheme , and it 's only focussed on them because they ca n't service the debt . 
  those banks have bad loans on massive scales all over and it just gets worse . 
  they will have to fail , and then we get a new currency . 
  i 'm actually shocked by the level of sound comments in the economics response to this . 
  i do n't think the demographic here in / r/europe would agree with this . 
  or is the penny finally dropping ? 
  i 'm really sorry to break it to you , but it is german incompetence that is causing this crisis . 
  and your failure to acknowledge that is symptomatic of the nationwide arrogance that germany has . 
   ( i 'm looking at you ryanair ) and people do n't constantly try to sell you scratch cards , smokeless cigarettes , and david beckham aftershave through ear-drum grating tannoy systems . 
  that they walk around naked . 
  how embarrassing :(, 
   until i heard someone speak it correctly and then all interest died . 
  they were probably speaking faster than the speed of sound , that 's why it sounded different . 
  not only that , but geneva has a massive amount of french people working there . 
  it is also surrounded on about 7/8 sides by france . 
  i was in uni there , and in our department it was way over 50 % french . 
  hardly anybody in geneva knows german to any extent . 
  lausanne may be a bit more swiss , but geneva is very culturally close to france ( it is basically france ) . 
  yes , the one that 's full of french people . 
  it 's very strange but i 'm starting to appreciate them . 
  and believe me , after previously living in geneva for 2 years , this is quite a change around . 
  that germans act all authoritative but secretly wet the bed at night . 
  i guess it could be called politically incorrect but i also think that it is largely correct . 
  hahah i 'm just being an ass , do n't take it personally, 
   he 's anti-eu on principle that 's democracy . 
  you 're probably too young to remember it . 
  lol shit 's getting real for the starry eyed sycophant kids . 
  where are your gods now !, 
  have n't you mixed that up ? 
  i think lowering labour prices ( wages and social security handouts etc. ), 
  actually lowers internal demand . 
  this is the issue with germanys policy , they are obsessed with the supply side and neglect the demand side . 
  of course there 's only so much money you can make out of thin air but i do n't think we all need to go down to chinese wages to compete in a global economy . 
  we have much higher standards of education and infrastructure on a per capita basis and could compete on that level . 
  china/india/brazil will have their own issues , the large amount of poor people will not want to stay that way for long , and neither should they . 
  pretty optimistic thinking the euro will last that long . 
  as far as i 'm concerned uk could do the most pro-european thing in 30 years by setting the ball rolling on breaking up this disastrous union . 
  you should look into the cultural influences of the expansions and falls of holy roman/german empires because this is just another of those cycles . 
  germans grab power , make a mess , lose it , and then the cycle repeats . 
  why germany i do n't know , but they are rather central geographically to europe so that is maybe why . 
  and various members of pasok etc. 
  that rejected the act were thrown out of the party . 
  so people were basically blackmailed with their livelihoods to vote `` correctly '' . 
  the situation has not improved since 2 years ago , it 's getting much worse . 
  obama has massive support in europe , obviously . 
  yes it is , which means that a lot of sycophants will be wanking on their computer screens by now . 
  if we attacked iran we 'd all be pretty fucked up . 
  apart from the obvious racism there might be a point here . 
  just like chinese get a red face after drinking beer , ` ethnic ' groups are genetically bad at dealing with high carb diets that we have in the west . 
  insulin resistance is higher in non-caucasions . 
  that 's not the main issue . 
  recently a survey tested some tribe of people who lived a ` paleo ' lifestyle ( i do n't know where but i think it might have been in polynesia ) , and they found that theys used about the same energy as a sedentarty westerner per day . 
  i think it 's impossible to become obese unless you eat the wrong food . 
  there are some people with genetic difficulties that make them obese but that 's only a small percentage . 
  it would be awesome to have standing desks and pull up bars and showers at work though . 
  i know what you mean . 
  yes i think we are too much dependent on sugars in our diet . 
  so that a large majority of the population is in some kind of pre-diabetic state known as [ metabolic syndrome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metabolic_syndrome ) . 
  that 's a bit unnecessary . 
  this is surprising to me , i used to live in french switzerland and they are all pretty thin , or so i thought . 
  7 million is more than 10 % obese . 
  this fuck up started in us but now it 's even percolated down to france . 
  and what is our cap money being spent on if we are still feeding junk food to people . 
  we need a change in food culture . 
  to make africans poor . 
  you finally reveal where you come from ? 
  this seems rather obvious . 
  europe can not exist based so heavily on supply whilst killing the internal demand . 
  both are important to generate an economy . 
  germany can do it because it has a competitive advantage , but not all of europe can do it . 
  then theres the issue of finite resources . 
  what we do n't have is finite abilities for technological advances which could generate more resouces . 
  but when half of your young are unemployed and living in ghettos , who will make these advances in the future ? 
  i was in athens during some of the early riots in about 2010 . 
  there were very few tourists there , hence i was treated like a king . 
  a + + + + would go back . . 
  well i hope you do n't import much uk beer !, 
  ( well the dark ales are not bad i suppose ) i meant that if the prices rose in uk , ie . 
  if they had the same tax , then half of the pubs would shut . 
  they already struggle , when i was in uk about 10 years ago we practically lived in pubs , now people have house parties . 
  no it wo n't . 
  it will just stop people buying beer . 
  if it equates to a 20 % increase in price , that is just insane . 
  i guess they have wine/food also , but such a tax would kill for example the uk pub businesses i would presume . 
  fucking anti american shit again - i can see straight through you . 
  as an avid telegraph comments section reader myself i feel the same way about most of the commenters in this subreddit . 
  let 's see who 's right in the end . 
  i imagine a hypertense german with a lisp and wispy blond hair and a red forehead with bulging veins in it asking these questions . 
  no , we do n't give a fuck about your stupid idiots who ca n't get high interest rates on all your savings . 
  deal with it . 
  bloody hell this nearly killed me living in geneva and i know it 's even worse in austria . 
  i 'm not joking either , i spent 2 years eating shit out of a petrol station because migros closed half the time and nearly ended up diabetic . 
  totally backwards . 
  i guess my hatred of you lot started already then . 
  it 's the modern day count of monte cristo . 
  i admit that i do , but not in the way you think . 
  i hate the administration that seeks to control you and your inbuilt guilt complex which makes you fall for it .
