  ok that 's the government , but why are n't the german people out rallying to make a change . 
  it was a knee jerk response , could n't help it . 
  the thing about hiding behind europes skirts because you ca n't accept being german . 
  this is a stigma you * should * carry as a german . 
  debt is not repaid yet . 
  i do n't think it 's a conscious kind of pride but i still do n't like it now that germans are starting to believe that their success is down to their own hard work . 
  without goodwill from the rest of the west there is absolutely no reason why germany should be better off than poland or turkey now . 
  and how they can make money and watch the south suffer , i think that takes an unhealthy psyche . 
  but your country is repeating the same again !, 
  only this time it 's economically dominating europe not militarily . 
  the result is the same , countries pretty much devastated with no hope for a generation or two . 
  how can the german government sit back and watch the bond yield spreads widening everyday between germany and spain for example . 
  how can it lock countries with 2nd world production into a 1st world currency . 
  how can it resist calls for quantitaive easing and so on . 
  just because the poor hard working germans deserve better because they are so self righteous sitting in their merc factory pressing buttons to load cars onto robots . 
  do you know what , we should make china adopt the euro , we 'd get damn rich then because then they 'd buy all our stuff instead of the other way around . 
  of course they could n't afford it , but we 'd just lend them a crap load of money at cheap rates then call them lazy and bleed them dry when they go bust . 
  no i 'm not german but i live here . 
  ( and yes , i did receive many more downvotes when i had a british flag . ), 
  but i just want to show that i am qualified to talk about germany . 
  i 've been paying taxes here for long enough . 
   i love my country . 
  i just wished it loved itself and others more . 
  no more lies i think this is the important point . 
  the fact that germans want to be european first and german second is something that is a big problem . 
  because in principle the rest of europe want to be the vice versa . 
  so it ends up with germans talking to everybody as they are the leaders of europe . 
  the problem is , i do not see how you can love your country with it `` s past . 
  i do n't know how it was allowed to be reinstated to be honest . 
  sorry , he sounded a bit like my ex and it filled me with rage . 
  well that 's a nice confession but you 've still destroyed europe for the 3rd time in 100 years so i 've got no sympathy . 
  was n't this just to shore up french and german banks so that they will be ok once greece gets kicked out ? 
  otherwsie they could have put you out of your misery a year ago . 
  i agree . 
  you would basically be putting up national assets as collateral to pay back primarily french and german banks that have lent money irresponsibly . 
  no offence to france and germany , all the western banks have done it , they are just the biggest lenders . 
  maybe that 's why it 's important to keep the assets for later instead of throwing them into a money pit . 
  this situation would cause rampant inflation i would imagine , which makes sense why germany do n't want to even start down this road . 
  i 'm not sure myself , just looking into these theories . 
  but i think if you look at the banks going bust now they all have been lending more than they hold in deposits . 
  it wo n't work here because the debts accumulated have been the result of a ponzi scheme . 
  you see banks lend out more money than they take in as deposits . 
  this just leads to constant lending as the deposits keep flowing back and more keeps getting loaned back exponentially . 
  eventually the ponzi scheme breaks down and the money can never be paid back . 
  so when a loan shark asks for assets in collateral like this it 's shady as shit . 
  it 's so wrong that we might as well get a bit hyperbolic about it . 
  actually this was a directive from merkel to increase austerity and ruin the football industry in italy . 
  could n't agree more with this . 
  and i 've lived in a few countries in europe . 
  these self styled ` liberals ' do n't think about whats right or wrong they just follow whats cool to be prejudiced against ( or not ) at the time . 
  it can be quite unconstructive really . 
  well they should be regulated , i 'm all for that . 
  but if you are talking about bbc world then i agree that 's horribly propagandised , i really hate that crap , but i believe it 's externally funded . 
  well the metropolitan police force were concluded to be institutionally racist in the case of stephen lawrence and there were a lot of reforms that were needed . 
  i do not think the polish police are going to attack harmless tourists . 
  i will say , if you are not white or are gay for example , then do n't go down dark alleyways at night , but that can apply to many big cities . 
  it 's a shame but it 's where we are at the moment . 
  it used to be worse . 
  no hes 's just trolling you because of the all of the anti-americanism that goes around . 
  it 's kind of a socially acceptable xenophobia/prejudice , especially around here . 
  if i met that guy i 'd give him a brofist and shout usa , usa , usa , especially if bitter europeans were around . 
  i 'm not clicking those websites at work !, 
  well the maxwell itoya one , i could point you to the stephen lawrence case and loads of others . 
  this crap happens everywhere . 
  at least in the euro2012 there will be a heavy police presence that would otherwise not be there . 
  i was born in uk and i can remember the hooligan days very well . 
  this is hilarious . 
  well it 's not unknown that they can sometimes start pushing agendas but this is strictly illegal so i hope one day if any bad reporting is going on that the people who do it will be punished . 
  as a british person i 'm a bit shocked that the bbc would go to such sensationalist lengths . 
  of course there are trouble causers everywhere in the world , but if you keep yourself aware i bet there 's not much problem . 
  they could take a camera to any stadium in the world and film dodgy stuff . 
  well i do n't know what they need to pass that treaty . 
  but even assuming they can manage that , it will be a redrafted treaty most likely as hollande and probably some other countries might want a change . 
  i think some growth clauses may be added . 
  it 's a bit hard on them that the dutch strived to get below 3 % because many other countries will not make this , and it seems to be ok because growth forecasts at the time of the compact have been revised down . 
  have the netherlands ratified this treaty ? 
  i was under the impression that they have n't yet , and if the new government is anti austerity then presumably they wo n't ?? 
  or am i wrong . 
  i find it funny that so many miltant dutch posters here were fuming about camerons rejection of the fiskalpakt then they ca n't pass it through their own parliament . 
  actually that 's a bit mean , not really funny , but enlightening nonetheless . 
  edit : why downvote , dangermouse haters !, 
  has this guy been friendzoned by lagarde now he 's desperately trying to impress her or something ? 
  ps it 's lazy permapartying everybody wants 10 houses spanish next . 
   also , if there were n't for the eu , you probably would n't be able to move to germany . 
  of course i could have . 
  we 're just hiring some non-europeans into my team now , there is no problem for them to come here and they are n't in the eu . 
  actually before i came to germany i moved to switzerland , they are n't even in the eu !, 
  really i find the idea that if it was n't for the eu we 'd all be in some kind of north/south korea situation with tanks on each others borders a bit much . 
  i 'm not sure we would see 3rd world standards in eastern europe . 
  they could have set up trade agreements and secured investment by themselves . 
  it was being behind the iron curtain that messed them up . 
  the thing is we do n't know what would have happened if things had been different . 
  as far as liberty goes i mean the rights to vote on laws that effect your everyday life . 
  the irish no is a funny one but then you can say that the lisbon treaty was changed in irelands interest ( i 'm not sure how true that is ) . 
  we 've seen puppet governments , people told how to run their economies , so many laws are made in brussels and many countries have not voted for this , it 's just grown since earlier free trade treaties into what they are heading for , full federalisation . 
  well i could say those who sacrifice a little liberty for a little security deserves neither and will lose both , but i should n't quote an american here of all places . 
  look at the civil unrest in greece and youth unemployment in spain for example . 
  this should never ever be allowed to happen . 
  the collapse of middle ground parties in favour of exteremists in several eu countries . 
  i also ca n't see how competitiveness can be gained by austerity .
