   there are people here , mostly older people along the south coast , who are literally scared of immigrants . 
  i know right ? 
  it 's like a dad 's army of racist bastards/s, 
  they already failed at ukraine , standards are slipping . 
  i 'm going to predict mental illness . 
  this is the only reasonable solution on compassionate grounds , even if we would then have to share our country with frenchies . 
  i hope you give them all to foreigners like we do . 
  it looks like a hybrid of the thought police and the stasi to me . 
  you 're trying to get a euro out of me are n't you . 
  this is the most dystopian thing i 've ever heard of . 
  at least upon sliding down they will remove a bit of grease from the pole , so next time they go up it will be easier to get a bit closer to the top . 
  it is rather the kind of people we have brought in . 
  a lot of the muslims came from deprived backgrounds in pakistan or bangladesh and never got established . 
  a lot of the sikhs however were kicked out of uganda and were otherwise wealthy and skilled there and adapted well to uk life . 
  it 's not just being muslim but unfortunately there is a correlation and also the anti western rhetoric coming from sources in the islamic world does n't help . 
  i think they are yes . 
  pakistanis and minorities are often excused for antisocial behaviour due to being ` victims ' . 
  but when some people see a 13 year old girl with a single alcoholic parent in a hoodie , with shit teeth and developing obesity , washing down a bag of chips with cheap cider they see a scumbag , and not a victim . 
  we do n't have the same problem with indian hindus and indian sikhs are pretty much model citizens in the uk . 
  the same people who love political correctness are the people that despise the white working class in the uk . 
  unfortunately , these people have also infiltrated most civil institutions . 
  it 's partly being afraid of being called racist and partly having no sympathy for the girls who they might think were ` asking for it ' . 
  groomed/sexually assaulted my vulnerable mate , trashed my apartment whenever i left town and let one of them stop over , invited themselves to crash on my couch , nicked my bike etc. 
  not only stuff like that , there are many of them that are conspiracy theory nuts . 
  9/11 was done by jews etc. 
  and they all think they are superior to westerners and will ram it down your throat as often as possible . 
  it 's very patronising and naive to believe that they are helpless fleeing for their lives . 
   have you ever been seriously wronged by a refugee ? 
  i have , i lived in berlin until recently . 
  horrible experiences . 
  a lot of them are utter bastards ( i know the scene there pretty well ) . 
  give them unskilled labour positions on sub-minimum wage to undercut the natives . 
  ( i bet you it happens ), 
  she would have a difficult time in a british secondary school . 
  i knew a few people in the black market when i lived in berlin . 
  not every person working at that doner/pizza/hookah shop is legal guys . 
  i think people underestimate how many there are . 
  can we adopt this for the world cup ? 
  we might stick around longer . 
  it 's a tricky one . 
  if they can just ride out this initial wave , the demographic will be so shifted that the migrant vote will become dominant and the establishment will be able to manipulate it 's way into power for generations . 
  i see a race between growing ` populism ' fuelled by people losing their national identities and growing ` progressivism ' fuelled by imported ` rootless ' voters . 
  who will win ? 
  the right needs another 10 years or so to get a majority looking at trends , so they 'd better speed up with the imports !, 
  source : lived under the tony blair regime and now looking back wondering how on earth we let it happen . 
  shit like this is the root of all the eu problems . 
  europeans do n't like meritocracy . 
  so does this mean tony blair got a job at europarl ? 
  they need a majority in the second round of votes , which is between the top 2 candidates in this first round . 
  so if 40 % vote for fn and 60 % vote for ` whoever is opposing fn ' , then they wo n't win the seat . 
  edit : top 3 not top 2, 
  [ relevant morrissey song . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1ctiqxwkii ), 
  haha no problem . 
  yeah , aldi is pretty popular here in the last few years . 
  they actually have a very good reputation for looking after their staff in the uk . 
  see what i have to fight against , everyone is always aldi this and aldi that . 
  audi drivers are known for being arseholes on the road here but no i mean aldi . 
  they are getting a bigger and bigger share of the supermarkets market here and i think we should invest in british companies . 
  also , i lived in germany for years and aldi is a flea pit . 
  the aldi in uk is better , but everyone thinks the sun shines out of their arse . 
  we already have our own perfectly good supermarkets so screw mercantilism and globalism i say . 
  i keep trying to get my coworkers to boycott aldi too but i do n't have much success . 
  germans did n't no :d you blocked them remember . 
  my hometown is 50 % poles or baltics walking around the town centre nowadays . 
  to be honest , it might be a bit of a ghost town without them , and at least they do integrate pretty well . 
  i think that people from the poor regions of turkey already have shown that they like to move to europe , i did live in wedding in berlin . 
  i think we could end up with many more such areas in european cities if they had the chance . 
  wedding was fine for me but i do n't think it 's good for europe to keep having so much migration in a short space of time . 
  wo n't we just see a mass exodus of kurds and the turkish poor if turkey gets more open borders with the west ? 
  i think they are going after certain caribbean and east african countries next . 
  jamaica and kenya are surely doping , only a fool would not see that . 
  in fact , the whole sport is high as a kite on drugs . 
  strangest thing moving back to uk after 10 years in germany was seeing women in their 20s with children . 
  very rare in germany . 
  people will think you 're shitposting but i had a moroccan girl colleague telling me this in switzerland in about 2002 ( also 9/11 was caused by jews etc. , etc. ) . 
  lovely girl , but this is how she was indoctrinated and she really thought that europe belonged to the muslims . 
  i expect it is a theme in many mosques , even moderate ones , throughout europe and neighbouring countries . 
  do n't forget pikeys . 
  for dogs . 
  maybe it 's because i only just woke up but i can hardly understand what you mean . 
  in the uk we have middle class , what do you mean compared to us or canada ? 
  i would think you do n't have a class system like in europe . 
  is n't that the point of the new world ? 
  anyway , middle class used to mean that only one parent has to work to provide for the family , so actually , there are pretty much 0 % middle class anymore in europe . 
   patriotism , nationalism and xenophobia . 
  it 's because british people are nothing like that that we are n't polling 90 % to leave already . 
  there 's a point where solidarity becomes stupidity and we 're about reaching that point . 
  it 's just that europeans are miserable bastards . 
  you 'd be shocked if you came over here . 
  you are seriously overestimating the health of the postdoctorate jobs market . 
  i agree somebody with the drive to a do a phd could with the same effort land a well paying job but still there is a huge dump of people with phds that are in financially insecure situations . 
  should have just gone into finance after bsc if they wanted to be rich ( at least here in uk ) . 
  got to admit it seems scripted though does n't it . 
  i 'm not even a native german speaker but i 've never heard people talk like that , except maybe giftzwerge , and these girls sound young . 
  i thought you meant people that could n't stand to live in poland because of a right wing government . 
  i hate people like that , the kind that moan about the daily mail all the time and think that populist is actually a valid word . 
  we do n't need any more hippy lefties , they can stay over there . 
  post docs , project managers etc. 
  this is in stem , academia or research institutes .
