  i point blank refuse to speak german in my research institute/uni . 
  it 's his vision true , that 's why the title is misleading . 
  but do n't be so naive as to think he knows what he 's doing . 
  i know many people in similar jobs ( only a slight bit down the scale ) , who have no idea what they are doing . 
  at this stage it 's mostly ambition not talent that gets you there ( the talented people who can actually see the situation are rare ) . 
  i do n't know how you can talk about expanding when there are a few countries on the verge of dropping out right now . 
  that just does n't make any sense at all . 
  goebbels also said a lot of interesting things . 
  edit : and can somebody explain this logic  mr. schaeuble reiterated his position that germany and the rest of the euro-zone could cope with greece 's eur exit then  in 10 years , it will be it greater than today as all of the eu countries will be members of the eur either the journalist is stupid or schaeuble is living in a fantasy world . 
  in fact this link makes no sense at all . 
  and the title is sensationalist and misleading . 
  i 'm getting fucking sick of the media going on about how germany are telling people to do this or that . 
  woohoo we 'll be booming in 2013 ( disclaimer : subject to revision ) . 
  i really feel for the young generation now , maybe the 90s born people get the worst time . 
  it 's probably due to globalisation . 
  of course we have so many things that people in the 50s did n't have , but poverty is relative . 
  that is important to realise . 
  this is not a new phenomenon though , probably was always around . 
  the [ luddites ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luddite ) movement comes to mind . 
  hopefully yes but people are worried about house prices in my area for example ( a cheap part of berlin ) . 
  it will be a slight change in living , but germans will grumble about it . 
  there are also the unemployed , partially employed ( some people supplement benefits with very low payed jobs ) , and students etc. 
  they might not receive pay increases in line with inflation . 
  they are too used to paying $ 600 per month for a nice apartment in berlin and having food and some other things dirt cheap . 
  electronic goods imo are a bit expensive here . 
  germans are n't used to splashing the cash as wages are low . 
  but really , a bit of belt tightening in germany is more manageable than what people in the south are suffering . 
  if greece leave and others follow [ this ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/europes-most-parabolic-chart-goes-probolic-er ) will happen . 
  target2 is maybe the reason why germans are so desperate to keep this shit together , even if it 's wrecking southern eu . 
  i really like this piece . 
   he claimed that two of the `` greatest achievements '' of european integration - the euro ... had to stop reading there . 
  talking about egotism , the irony is flabbergasting . 
  also , til that the president of the eu parliament failed his abitur . 
  presumably it wo n't get that far after spain goes down i was thinking . 
  if spain ca n't be bailed out , no more euro in it 's current form surely ? 
  if greece leaves now , spain will suffer contagion , then target 2 will hurt germany . 
  did i get that right ? 
  yeah those damn british cockroach imperialists building tescos everywhere . 
  he 's an elected mep blogger . 
   t strikes me that depressed costs in a beautiful country with decent infrastructure and a well-educated workforce , at the edge of europe , would cause investment and foreign tourist capital to pour in . 
  i strongly agree with this . 
  i have heard about the oil problem , greece needs it for ships etc. , but i 'm sure they can manage something . 
  if greece went back to drachma we 'd all be eating feta and olives and holidaying in greece . 
  nowadays its cheaper to holiday in germany . 
  commitments made under duress by a puppet government . 
  germany must be terrified of greece starting to unravel the failed ez project . 
  they are in a big bubble . 
  i would prefer not to think they could be that scheming . 
  yes indeed germany and france did lie . 
  edit : ok facetiousness aside , they all lied . 
  france has n't had its accounts audited for like 20 years . 
  i do n't think that 's the reason . 
  this makes me realise just how stupid the people that designed the ez were . 
  bloody hell , really . 
   what power does `` the eu '' have ? 
  i do n't even know , that 's the point !, 
  so who is forcing this austerity down everyones throats then . 
  not the french , they voted against it . 
  not the dutch , their government just collapsed because of it . 
  not the southern eu obviously . 
  so are germany running europe now ? 
  so when exactly did we all vote to have the eu all powerful like it is now ? 
  who elected hvr and barroso . 
  i certainly never had the chance to . 
  if a referendum on the eu administration was given now they would all lose their jobs . 
  maybe eu is a good thing but they really do need to change the system . 
  it is completely unacceptable to see sovereign nations economically straitjacketed and voting under duress , especially when it is being caused by a body of people who are not accountable to the public . 
  on the other hand if syriza got a slight increase they might get that 50 seat bonus and be able to form an anti-austerity government . 
  maybe a second election is better , more of a clear choice now ? 
  thanks for the informative reply . 
  in a revote would greeks really think , ok we should vote pasok or nd now because they need 2 more seats ? 
  it 's a very difficult situation , it 's really a pity what 's happened in greece due to the euro experiment . 
  how long would a left party last if it coincides with break up from the ez . 
  also because people have no say in it . 
  basically we are being dictated to and ca n't do anything to change the situation by voting . 
  it 's undemocratic , and it was n't that long ago that europe was torn apart by this kind of stuff . 
  i could n't care less about what merkel thinks about euro 2012 . 
  so they keep voting until the right ( pro eu ) decision is made ? 
  just like ireland and every other vote and referendum on the eu since god knows whenever . 
  i hope greece are better than that . 
  indeed ... 
  he 's going to go up against a brick wall with the eu administration , but at least the french have successfully elected a government , which is a bit of a rarity these days . 
  i thought there were already some parts of eu that are struggling for food , like some bartering markets have appeared in greece and farmers distributing things directly . 
  but this may be just a political statement/protest , i think we will have enough food but it may become more of a luxury . 
  people must be seeing their disposable income plummet in the hardest hit austerity regions . 
  well just generally disintegrate into a festering pile of anger and bread queues . 
  the data is suggesting that we are on the verge of another recession like 2008 , a massive double dip . 
  even the great depressions etc. 
  were not that bad . 
  i 've seen those markit reports , they look very bad indeed , similar to 2008 . 
  i guess this means massive gdp contraction will follow soon . 
  is n't it clearly obvious that europe is about to blow up , or maybe i read too much eurosceptic media . 
  they can send her over to my place aswell after that . 
  it does sound nice in theory , and if you look at something like erasmus , it 's a big success . 
  the problem i have is that i hate the idea of more interference in european affairs by unelected bureaucrats . 
  i actually know a few of these intellectual types and i do n't want * anything * to do with them outside of their real day job ( seriously ) . 
  also i do n't want germans to poke their nose into other peoples business any more than they already have . 
  one can only hope . 
  one can at least hope . 
  agreed .
