  the less robust economies outside the northern block would have missed out on lots of early investment . 
  but they would have been less vulnerable to this bust now , as they could manage their own economy . 
  some of them could probably have even profited from it somehow . 
  and as you predicted , uk just issued 700m gbp of long term debt at negative interest rates also . 
  very strange times . 
  in this link there are some discussions on negative interest rates . 
  indeed this theory causes problems because cold hard cash ca n't normally lose value or go negative just like timmyfinnegan says . 
  it 's kind of a dilemma but short term lending at negative interest rates has happened occasionally in other large markets in recent years . 
  there are some links in this article also that explain it aswell . 
  possibly if this money is virtual money , and one wanted to convert this to euro notes then you would have to pay some charges for handling that such large amount of money . 
  even then what would you do with it , buy things that will be worth less in 1 years time . 
  it seems to be a case of there are not many alternative places to put money without risks . 
  yes i must admit it 's keeping me up trying to rationalise it . 
  it 's defeated me though . 
  they are lending money with the expectation of deflation so i understand ( or they 're covering loans in the ( maybe unlikely ) case of deflation ) . 
  so they might give 1 million euros now and get 990,000 back in 3 years . 
  but they expect that 990,000 will be worth more in 3 years than 1,000,000 is now . 
  so it 's better to put it somwhere safe like in germany rather than leave it to lose value by other means . 
  money sitting idle will lose value faster than -0.015 % or whatever the interest rate was . 
  i think they have it in urbana-champaign where my girlfriend went for 6 months . 
  hopefully this kind of thing becomes more popular , but i guess the service providers would have to make some kind of deal out of it . 
  that 's the telegraph though , and even worse , the anonymous trolls in comments . 
  you can always submit your own links though , a lot here are eurosceptic uk sourced links , i would like to see other perspectives ( although i am quite eurosceptic myself ) . 
  it makes me believe there is no cohesive other perspective . 
  how do greeks feel , how do spanish feel ? 
  how are italy going to borrow 120 billion in this first quarter ( dont quote me on exact figure ) . 
  that 's the thing , there are few solutions being offered in the media . 
  i think that 's a bit over my head : s, 
  is n't free wlan pretty much standard in many us cities , maybe more for student towns ? 
  and i 've lived in berlin for 5 years and never accessed free wlan from freifunk , in fact i 've never heard of it . 
  would that be worse than what they have now ? 
  everyone will be leaving in a few years anyway , makes no difference . 
  and if uk leaves now you can be sure it will make the process much , much faster . 
  to be fair though bbc is biased pro europe . 
  so much that they sometimes get into trouble for it , it 's pretty obvious . 
  it 's not that they suddenly have much more debt than they thought they had , more that they suddenly do n't have the means to pay it back since the global economic crisis in 2008 . 
  for example you borrow 20 million to build a factory that should make you enough profit to pay the interest on that 20 million over the next so many years + make a bit of a profit . 
  eventually you will pay off the debts and now you have a factory essentially for free , so borrowing is actually a responsible thing to do , and those that borrow best get an advantage . 
  what happened now in a worse off global economy is that the investments that were made with the money borrowed are no longer profitable enough to pay off the interest . 
  new loans can be taken out to pay off the old debts but interest rates keep rising and overall there is a deficit . 
  somehow the ez got low interest rates in mid 2000s so borrowed a crapload . 
  would have been a good idea if the global economy did n't collapse in late 2000s . 
  the most likely explanation for price increases i have read is that the large influx of loans and investments into formerly less well off nations caused a general rising of prices as more free cash was flying around . 
  example i saw was more houses being built in spain for example so more builders getting good pay so rising price of coffee or whatever these builders want to spend their money are justified . 
  however as cash flow into these regions dried up in the credit crunch it 's all unravelling . 
  anyway the introduction of the euro must have increased purchase costs , it ca n't be a coincidence that most ez countries witnessed it . 
  even germany experienced some cost rises ( teuero ) but they managed to keep prices relatively low these last 10 years . 
  germany borrows money at 2 % so it can lend it to italy at 7 % , all so that italy can continue buying bmws ? 
  it 's pretty confusing to me but this genius sinn surely must know the answer when he says ... `` europe 's peripheral countries have to shrink their nominal gdp to regain competitiveness '' . 
  ok after cooling down a bit i found this link which explains in more detail sinns theories . 
  it could well be biased . 
  this guy seems to think germany are undergoing a 2nd economic miracle . 
  http://www.voxeu.org/index.php?q=node/6821 and i think he 's obsessed with trains, 
  i believe this is the same for production in ez countries . 
  it just costs spain , portugal etc. 
  relatively more to export stuff than it should , with the reverse being true for germany ( and to a lesser extent austria from the graphs i saw ) . 
  some kind of link to do with economies of historically varied strengths converging . 
  this is what the problem is maybe . 
  but germans just want the poor countries to halt their economies through austerity . 
  this will be a disaster of epic proportions . 
  dangerous thinking . 
  historically freedoms have been gained only after break ups of larger states such as many in europe , ussr . 
  maybe china and india and brazil are a little different , or maybe they are yet to split up into their own fragments . 
  i do n't see why we need to live in a superstate to get along . 
  we just need to value human rights more . 
  look at what the ez superstate has done . 
  boosted germanys economy whilst ravaging the hopes of a generation of southern europe , thats a catastrophic loss of talent and ambition . 
  this kind of superstate is what people fight wars to prevent . 
  or . . or . . what does a french government bond and a heavy drinking , spiritually abandoned man have in common ? 
  [ it 's about time they went to aa ] ( / spoiler ) !, 
  there you go cameron , you can have that one for free . 
  yet we apparently do n't care about europe ... 
  yeah i looked at that for a while and did n't see how he could arrive at dolep . 
  verdict , highbrow troll is highbrow . 
  do n't worry , this is pretty par for the course in anglo-french relations . 
  it serves to allow all the uk sector economists to retort in various blogs etc. 
  and expose all of frances dirty underwear on this matter . 
  quite a faux pas indeed . 
  bbc is calling european parliament ` democracy ' now is it ? 
  interesting ... 
  it 's true about over 60s . 
  giftzwerge are terrible in germany . 
  translation was hard to read but it looks like a mission statement for anti-auserity protestors in italy . 
  if so , as a brit , i agree with your cause completely . 
  here is some explanation behind the problems with competitiveness . 
  http://www.kontext-tv.de/node/124 it 's just one view but others share the same . 
  i 'm still searching around for other views . 
  there are not many figures in this transcript so maybe not a satisfactory data . 
  i found this on unit labour costs which shows that the jeopardised countries now have all increased their ulc rapidly above what their particular units are worth to sell . 
  if this is because of the euro or not i could n't read into this paper . 
  presumably with a rigid exchange rate it makes it harder to maintain competitiveness . 
  well i certainly ca n't help with explaining how but according to some analysts the cost of productivity has risen in southern europe by 1.5 times whilst stayed the same in germany ( in the last 10 years ) . 
  there must be many factors involved but will be a consequence of the economies all having a common reference point . 
  so instead of productivities growing at their own rate independently ( and wages/expenses etc being fixed to this ) , they are tied to a reference that it seems only germany can really profit from . 
  if you watch that link from prof. flassbeck ( i put below in this thread ) you will hear him say very categorically `` this is nothing to do with greece '' ( can also be said of portugal , he even says all countries north of germany will suffer this fate soon ) . 
  it 's the fundamental problem of the system . 
  he goes on more about general 21st century social issues a bit at the end , i did n't get that bit . 
  anyway , pointing the blame at people who can no longer help themselves solves nothing at all . 
  poor greece got deeper in the hole today . 
  i 'm also worried that some countries end up as debt slaves .
