  spain for example , does n't . 
  these are what i 've read from economists lately , of course i read mostly only the eurosceptic side . 
  that 10-15 % was a figure estimated by a german academic , ca n't remember which , but of course he is also on the dark side . 
  actually germany leaving the eurozone would be the best thing for the whole region . 
  there are some consequences though : your economy would drop 10-15 % at least . 
  your unemployment would hit spain levels . 
  your favourite party would probably regain control . 
  germany would probably start acting aggressively under it 's new leaders . 
  britain would come and bitch slap you again and we 'd have gone back 100 years in time . 
  history repeats itself . 
  actually due to these reasons i 'd welcome turkey in . 
  this social media ban is worrying . 
  maybe they are trying to make turkey like iran where you have a very modern and westernised middle class but the government always keeps a majority poor and uneducated so that they keep voting in their theocracy based on ignorance . 
   edit : i 'd also like to know where he will get the money from . 
  i guess we 'll find out sooner or later through the media unless somebody here or in other subs enlightens us first . 
  ecb will have to raise that money somehow , so maybe like auctioning off assets to buy dodgy assets . 
  turning good money into bad somewhat . 
  but at least it buys time . 
  we still need growth to fix any of this i suppose . 
  certainly not hyper inflation as they are n't putting any more money in the system . 
  any bonds they buy will be from money the ecb raises elsewhere , which i guess must come from germany 's pool somehow eventually . 
  so what 's weidmanns alternative ? 
  more austerity until the bond yields go down ? 
  of course germany are n't complaining when they are borrowing money and getting paid for the privilege . 
  yes i agree . 
  this lost generation will not be retrained when the economy picks up again , it 's really a difficult situation . 
  yes these numbers really scare me also . 
  i have n't been to greece in a few years though so i would n't really know how bad it is . 
  all the young spaniards i know wear nice clothes and can afford small luxuries , but then again they are the ones that have moved for studies etc. 
  in germany . 
  it seems we are n't in absolute poverty yet in these countries but maybe not far off . 
  what a grim article . 
  i know neuk\u00f6lln , it should n't be anybody 's paradise . 
  as a british person i 'd probably have to agree with that from at least the very traditional point of view . 
  of course we get food from other sources now in uk . 
  for me greece/turkey , that general area gives the best food . 
  that does n't sound like a copout to me , sounds pretty accurate . 
  they already work more hours than anybody else so just to make them work more will not fix anything at all . 
  maybe it makes some greek sectors more flexible or something . 
  but to be honest i think that this is more just idiocy from the troika bureaucrats , although it is quite clever if your agenda is to create humiliation and supplication . 
  well it 's always the winners that write the history . 
  in 50 years the southern eruropean countries will be remembered for recklessly pulling the bottom out of their economies in a last effort to try to compete with the north . 
  the troika will probably be painted as some body that tried to stop this happening . 
  shit like this is part of the problem . 
  nobody wants to stand up and be counted but hide behind bureaucrats . 
  i have no idea who is pulling the strings . 
  priobably some prozac addled bed wetters in frankfurt who long for their childhood days of watching dodgy moustached permapermed footballers spitting on foreigners . 
  25 % is not bad really is it ? 
  considering you need a steady immigration stream , those 25 % are pretty valuable being educated in germany , compared to say , unskilled pure economic migrants . 
  could make nice collectors items ... 
  i think it depends on the rate of cultural flux . 
  for example , uk is made up of waves and waves of immigrants over hundreds of years and they have all assimilated . 
  the same can be said of many other countries . 
  a lot of the other stuff like the soviet union is more to do with rights of self determination . 
  people get insecure when they feel like they ca n't influence the government . 
  in this case i think uprising is kind of justified . 
  the citizens obey laws only if the government respects it 's obligations to protect the citizens . 
  i 'm glad that the british are n't the only ones constantly moaning about how shit their own country is . 
  top marks for originality . 
   ridiculous . 
  none of them were made up through a proces where all sides agreed to join . 
  well if you look at it objectively , i 'm not sure all of those countries in the eu signed up for a federal superstate either , but are being pushed that way under duress . 
  in the end it 's the same thing , if regions do n't have powers to directly change their governments then it creates instability . 
  if the eu can merge and retain peoples right to self determination then i 'm all for it , but it does n't look like it to me . 
   they ca n't be compared to the eu . 
  for more specific refutations , you 're going to have to tell me which `` superstates '' you actually mean . 
  many of them really , gb and ireland , spain and netherlands , yugoslavia , soviet union , 3rd reich , those political blocks that broke down to create ww1 . 
  europe has become more peaceful as it has broken up . 
  so i agree with your point that milanese can be milanese and catalonians can be catalonians but if the eu removes democratic processes then it is more likely to end up bad . 
   the uk is n't doing that much better than the ez in general , afaik ... and they 've been a partypooper for the eu since a long time . 
  i do n't agree with this at all . 
  if anything , uk is europes poodle . 
  we 're actually fed up with this situation to be honest . 
  and remember that the ez zone has been on hibernate mode whilst the german court decides whether you can have an esm or not when really the ez does n't have this time to lose . 
  sun-tzu say keep your friends close , and your enemies even closer, 
  wait a second . 
  superstates in europe have very often collapsed in violence historically and the debt crisis is a problem of the joint currency . 
   china is quite rapidly heading towards being a nation where scientific output is automatically mistrusted until proven elsewhere . 
  this has always been said in my field . 
  they seem to be getting better though . 
  i 've never really been worried about them overtaking the west scientifically as it should n't be a competition , but if they are breaking laws then they should be investigated . 
  i 'll read into it . 
  i 'd love to see some sources of this . 
  i 'm in science and our institute is getting closer and closer with china , are they trying to steal my precious ideas !, 
  i 'm sick of hearing about it to be honest . 
  especially if you 've ever watched bbc world . 
  should n't the piigs be working together on a solution seeing as that is where the problem lies , or are they too naughty to have a say . 
  i think the eurocrats have fabricated a common enemy in the brics countries in order to further their own agenda on creating a superstate . 
  however it seems that if we keep going like this europe will be in the dark ages again before long so it will all have been a self fulfilling prophesy . 
  she 's judge judy , and executioner . 
  edit : you miserable swines :d, 
  it was n't me !, 
  this is another example though , i mean , do we really need to know the opinion of that guy . 
  the media is spinning everything as if it 's germany telling europe what to do . 
  the first paragraph of this article is another prime example of what i 'm talking about . 
  this article clearly states a desire for badly performing economies to submit control to a european authority . 
  i mean , seriously , i think that 's incredible . 
  the only reason why anybody would n't is because they 've been desensitised to it by the constant barrage of such articles . 
  i notice merkel and schaueble get mentioned a lot . 
  i 'm not even saying it 's their ( / germanies ) fault , it could well be the medias as much as i know .
