  it 's just a disaster . 
  see what the prevalence of bad perms , mullets and shell suits did to germanys birth rates since the 1970s ? 
  it has irreversibly put everybody off sex . 
  yeah i agree . 
  it ca n't be only corruption , laziness , or even infrastructure . 
  the problem is systemic , obviously , it is a way how the currency union is arranged . 
  that must change or spain must leave . 
  you do n't honestly expect politicians to be smart do you ? 
  who is this woman ( honest question ) ? 
  i know some people in the bmbf and they are great but the higher up you go the shittier people become . 
  going to a different part of town and queuing up with 100s of distressed poor people for a few hours is not worth the chance of maybe getting some free oranges or not . 
  it 's not the same . 
  i think people should have the right to choose and pay for what they want . 
  this is political correctness gone mad . 
  beware of the friendzone , that 's my advice . 
  lol i 'd recommend a lot of guys in this subreddit for that job . 
  when i have moved in europe the work place has organised the first things . 
  staying in a hostel , getting the paperwork done etc. 
  to be honest i think you are mad , moving to a new country , both of you jobless ( assuming you both need jobs ) . 
  if one of you already has a job lined up , the employers will help normally . 
  apply for german jobs whilst in your home country might be better . 
  shit you 've converted me . 
  he 's already pretty rich to be fair . 
  we 'd still have enough , we 'd just have to throw away less . 
  i think i 've done it , should be in new now . 
  what a comment !, 
  it 's pretty clear . 
  there are a few people in the uk talking about the monarchy . 
  but being sceptical of the eu is a whole culture in the uk . 
  it 's clear that people have been asking for a referundum for a long time . 
  there are n't anti-monarchy parties gaining popularity in the polls unlike ukip . 
  if there was there would be some debate on it . 
  so in fact it is a democratic decision . 
  there is n't a pressing concern in the uk to discuss the role of the monarchy as far as i am aware . 
  for things like scottish independence and devolution of other parts they are quite rightly getting the choice but it takes time . 
  i actually think it 's a fairly sensible plan that they have laid out . 
  labour will also have to put a referendum in their manifesto now , because this will be a main concern of at least a few percent of the population . 
  enough to make a difference . 
  of course people will vote for the party that gives them extra choices . 
  a lot of uk people have wanted to face up to the eu issue for years now , the majority i would guess . 
  so standing up to a massive institution and giving people a voice they 've been asking for the last 20 years at least makes you a scaredy-cat . 
  standing up in a room of 20 + sycophants and using a veto makes you a scaredy-cat . 
  as soon as anybody tries to say anything negative about the eu the bullying and scaremongering starts . 
   edit : a sound really combative and mean in this post , and i sort of am , sorry , just exasperated !, 
  no you just sound like you really want to go to bed with guy ` austin powers ' verhofsted . 
  if those brits have n't lived abroad for 8 years like i have , and just see europe in travel brochures , then i could n't give a shit what they think . 
  look that 's my experiences honestly . 
  i 've tried more than most and i 'm just as disappointed as anybody else . 
  you probably live with your parents in the same city you grew up in . 
  do n't try to tell me my opinion . 
  mate , even the germans i know ( i live in germany ) , admit that germans are horrible , and constantly tell me how much they wished they lived in uk . 
  i 'm being totally serious now . 
  these are the ones that have studied in uk , they always tell me they want to go back . 
  that 's my opinion . 
  anybody can think the grass is greener on the other side and move abroad then , do n't say i did n't warn you . 
  in the uk people care about each other . 
  for example , everybody at the end of the week goes for a beer together from work . 
  outside uk nobody could give a shit about the people they work with . 
  i 'm talking specifically ger/fra/ch here but in general i am sure that this is quite similar for the rest . 
  caring for other people is actually seen as a perversion for them . 
  i guess it 's a kind of culture thing , but i would say , the uk is the place to be in the world right now . 
  you would have to be fucking mad to leave for a false promise . 
  i 've lived in france switzrland and germany . 
  culturally and technologically those countries are behind uk . 
  think even things like tv programs , sports ( derp football derp = germany for example ) , music . 
  but the major problem is the people , compared to uk they are just plain rude and uncivilised . 
  sorry , but this is the truth . 
  i 'm not going to walk around pretending any different just to be politically correct . 
  for their own good also . 
  when we stop carrying them they will have to catch up with us by themselves . 
  hahaha . 
  ok i 'm going a bit overboard , but the point remains , do n't leave uk for europe in hope of a better more cultural and more prosperous life , that 's absurd . 
  none of them . 
  source : lived in various mainland countries for the last 8 years . 
  all shit . 
   president of the eu commission = just another bureaucrat :d an unelected official is a bureaucrat . 
   you 're british , is n't bureaucracy like a national hobby there ? 
  no it 's not actually . 
   how do you not know how to spell it ? 
  i do know how to spell it , i just ca n't be arsed to type it out . 
  afaik burocrat is an alternative spelling . 
  why the fuck should putin justify anything to barroso in the first place ? 
  presidents arguing with burocrats . 
  i 've never really been there but they have an accent which sounds like something out of a charles dickens story , like the working class parts of london traditionally . 
  i think this has something to do with it . 
  also a lot of crappy run down former coastal resort towns . 
  omg the peace and harmony are overwhelming, 
  i think this should be illegal as false ( anti ) advertising . 
  sure smoking can give you gum disease or shrivel your lungs up or make your leg drop off but in those cases there is probably other underlying causes of disease . 
  they just pick the worst pictures . 
  if they cared about our health they 'd ban junk sugar food , because in 20 years , 50 % of 30 year olds will have type 2 diabetes . 
  funny that only the old guys got it right . 
  so did the girl , but she was prompted it seems . 
  i refused to pick mine up . 
  berlin is n't very dangerous at all . 
  it 's just not gay enough to get high on this shit list . 
  i used to live in geneva . 
  it 's fucking shit !, 
  seriously . 
  this list is bollocks .
