  is this true ? 
  what are you on about . 
  it 's a loan to pay off the german banks that profligately loaned greece all the money in the first place . 
  in fact the 100 billion was indeed to secure those pension funds etc. 
  that you talk about . 
  nailed it, 
  ah i get it then . 
  it 's looking like it will still need a full count though , 
  ah ok , i must have got crossed wires thanks for the info . 
  edit : just read this tweet from faisal islam ( channel 4 , uk ) reinforcing what you just said * skai tv show 30pc of late deciders falling for tsipras versus 25pc for samaras * maybe the young guys are all hungover from yesterday :p, 
  i ca n't believe they have sealed envelopes though . 
  how are they read ? 
  do they get unsealed and counted ? 
  with 75 % of polling locations surveyed . 
  presumably the other 25 % are more remote locations where i have heard syriza have a bit more support ( maybe i 'm wrong ) . 
  this will be close . 
  no its less due to the 50 seat bonus . 
  nd and pasok would have a majority i believe . 
  i think they need about 37 % together or something like that . 
  i guess with the speed of information nowadays twitter etc. 
  it could be a concern . 
  if they wanted to , exit pollers could predict the result of the election right now within a very small margin . 
  then this could go on twitter etc. . `` you must vote if you are undecided or xxx will win '' . 
  i understand it that way . 
  do we have to trust the private pollers though ? 
  surveys can always be swayed one way or another . 
  wow you talked a lot of sense there man . 
  no wonder you got downvoted here . 
  that 's the short answer . 
  here 's the long answer . 
  nooooooooooooooooo, 
  whether that 's just propaganda to ease the markets/stop capital flight etc. , we will know soon . 
  no germany are looking at the end of their rigged monopoly export driven economy . 
  if they had to switch to marks their economy would become unsustainable as imports would be cheaper . 
  however , germans do n't have the money for an import based economy . 
  it would be devastating the transition . 
  greece are already screwed , they 've got nothing to lose . 
  when you are in a blackmail situation it 's probably better to do the opposite of what you are told . 
  germany are just annoyed because their bitch might be going to crack rehab and breaking away from control . 
  ok it will be hard for everyone , but if this ez situation continues like this for 5 more years of kicking the can , it will be even worse . 
  if greek democracy is responsible for ending this madness it will be the biggest rescue of europe since the persian invasion . 
  only read the first sentence but stockholm syndrome . 
  no it was n't free . 
  in fact you got it with bells on . 
  because after that us/uk rebuilt your country better than it was before !, 
  what you gon na do , call subreddit drama on me  ) ) ) ), 
  should be swunpeg , 
  well this is something that businesses should have considered before they started lending to greece risky amounts of money . 
  it 's kind of what has got us into this mess in the first place isnt it ? 
  i 'm not singling anybody out , the whole western world has been guilty of this either overlending or overborrowing . 
  it should n't mean that people are straitjacketed into voting one way or another . 
  it is kind of a problem though when we have all sovereign states kind of independent but not . 
  that means that it 's really hard to find a common strategy . 
  ok i see where they are not opposite . 
  but i think one thing we do n't want is to have free speech turning into who has the loudest voice . 
  i thought in this case it 's a bit out of line for ftd to send such a message . 
  they could be wrong !, 
  syriza might lead europe to a new bright new future . 
  it 's up to the greeks to decide and aslonng as it 's democratic we do n't need to have guilty consciences . 
  well anyway i think common sense will prevail and the greeks will not take this ftd piece seriously . 
  so in that case no harm is done and you are right . 
  so you want free speach but you do n't want people to vote for golden dawn ? 
  of course i disagree with golden dawn but they serve a purpose - e.g. 
  to raise awareness of some issues such as illegal immigration . 
  when these minority parties campaign on these issues it forces the bland centrist parties to notice them or risk losing more votes to the extremes . 
  and i believe that whatever choice is made democratically can not be a wrong one . 
  actually i think i would if the case was the same . 
  because this specific case is bordering on bullying/intimidation . 
  i do n't want to say blackmail . 
  but then as i said earlier , i do not believe that this was really the intention of the editorial . 
  it looks bad . 
  the date , 2 days before the election is also a sensitive time . 
  i have no problem with frankfurt indicating their positions to anybody in the world but there should be limits . 
  it probably is n't but it should be . 
  outside businesses trying to influence elections in foreign countries . 
  i know in some places they have restrictions on press etc. 
  leading up to elections and other such measures , like not showing exit poll data early . 
  it is also bordering on an attack on tsipras and syrizas credentials . 
  obviously they have spent a lot of effort campaigning , so this is not fair . 
  if it comes from somebody who has a democratic vote in the election then it is fair , but not from outside . 
  i ca n't actually believe this is true . 
  but if it is : a ) should n't this be illegal and b ) would n't it make more sense to print flyers and drop them out of airplanes ? 
  i did feel a bit left out , wales is nice too !, 
  if you say so o.o, 
  if you overthrow merkel you might be able to . 
  so the piigs imposed war reparations on germany after ww1 . 
  right ... that 's not funny , it 's hilaaaaaaaarious . 
  leave the eurozone then ? 
  well london is a bit hectic . 
  in the more northern cities the people are more similar to irish/scottish with the sense of humour and kindness . 
  i 've been to us also and was treated like a prince all the time . 
  it was quite amazing . 
  i was only there for a week or so , but still i think i like us a lot . 
  that singing fields of athenry last night was the best thing i have ever seen at a football match . 
  just wanted to say dat loik grand . 
  [ also ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljpfzrrd3j8 ) ps believe it or not english people can also be wondeful aswell but there are generally a lot of arrogant tossers i will say . 
   elsewhere the ez is a systematic success is it f * % k !, 
  hey stop harrassing this young chap or somebody will call the drama police on you !!, 
  seriously though . 
  it 's a disgrace that this generation are entering a fucked up world as they become adults .
