  if they need more money ( and they will ) , they wo n't be able to raise it from their bonds . 
  this 100 bn may be the most catastrophic event yet . 
  things are getting exponential now . 
   i do n't genuinely know how macroeconomy works what are you doing on reddit . 
  get campaigning , you 'd make a great politician . 
  we did n't voluntarily join the eufiskal superstate whatever it 's morphed into . 
  if we opt out , it should be on fair terms . 
  i think that 's actually probably why it will never happen . 
  we will just try to manouevre into a position where we can maintain sovereignty without leaving altogether but maintain good trade relations . 
  if the uk was to pull out of europe i think that uk should receive reparations as uk has been a net contributor . 
  therefore , obviously , there is no easy way for uk to leave . 
  too much has been invested . 
  i ca n't wait to watch england germany at a fan mile here and repeatedly shout ` glaaaaand every time i hear a ` schlaaaand shout . 
  firstly to shout for england , secondly to reiterate what a gland the original shouter was . 
  i would like to say : if you have never emigrated , and you would love to move to that wonderful country that you went on holiday to , then you will be in for a big shock . 
  in other words , if you ca n't make it in your own country , money or happiness , you wo n't make it in a foreign one . 
  so there is no place like home , especially if home is the uk . 
   now , i 'm 21.000 $ in debt hopefully the banks pay you back . 
  but i have absolutely no idea how they are going to do this . 
  i ca n't actually understand what the point of the text is but i can tell greeks that they are alright , they are just in a union run by a bunch of dicks . 
  the spanish deal is much less restrictive than the greek , irish and portuguese ones though is n't it . 
  they might get little or no outside interference from ` troika ' types . 
  maybe the irish will be annoyed at this , and the greeks and portuguese also . 
  every new action they take , the crisis gets worse . 
  100 billion is not enough to fix spain , only paper over the cracks . 
  and the people wo n't see that money , it 's just rolling over debt . 
  in essence we are seeing a pyramid scheme running out of control . 
  new debts being used to pay off old debts . 
  i have not seen a positive move towards the wellbeing of the people in this whole crisis . 
  by this token , why the fuck did we liberate france and germany after ww2 if they just wanted to reunite to stop more conflicts . 
  uk/us should have annexed them , or stayed out of the war altogether . 
  they obviously , by their own admission , ca n't be trusted . 
  maybe they are just `` dumber compared to the english ?? '', 
  with the eurozone in it 's current state it is not possible to recover . 
  it has been described as unsustainable by the head of the european central bank and also another major figure , ca n't remember which . 
  so no , at the moment there is no foreseeable end . 
  but we have to see what ideas they come up with . 
  oh you changed your slogan, 
  well these companies generally set the price for the market they target . 
  currently , of course the greek purchasing power will go down if they got the drachma , but this could go up again if the economy improves . 
  i can remember the days when you could buy stuff for half the price in these countries due to the exchange rate . 
  the companies ( apple , sony , bayer , etc. ), 
  will not directly make products the exact same price in greek drachmas converted from euros . 
  otherwise they would n't sell shit ( too expensive ) . 
  in fact thats why it 's good for german exports that greece has euros . 
  so germany can export at euro prices and not drachma prices . 
  currency is one thing but supply and demand is another and more fundamental thing . 
  do n't fix the haemorrhage , increase transfusion flowrate . 
  oh that is certainly interesting , there should be things put in place there but would be very difficult you are right . 
  will it ? 
  i think the pharmacy companies can still make profit if they sell at drachma prices . 
  for sure , the production costs of the drugs are generally low , it 's the cost of the research that goes into the price . 
  then it 's better to sell for a low profit margin than not at all anyway . 
  maybe it 's being fixed at euro prices that causes the problem . 
  besides , there are generic drugs as alternatives in case these big pharma companies start refusing . 
  that would require a change in how/what the doctors prescribe of course but a change to drachma would n't suddenly destroy the healthcare system . 
  just saying , we do n't know really how apocalyptic a return to local currencies would be . 
  i like it but it gets a bad rep here . 
  maybe a bit sensationalist . 
  yes i agree its better to act sooner rather than later . 
  this would be far far worse for germany than the rest of the eurozone . 
  it would destroy the export sector . 
  there 's no quick fix to this situation . 
  pretty much the same ultimatum planned out by an asset management company and reported in zerohedge [ here ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/der-elefant-das-room-germany-ultimate-doomsday-presentation ) i know it 's zerohedge but anyway . 
  i do n't hate germany but the latest government worries me . 
  the thing is that it just goes way too slowly to turn around the crisis . 
  the last big idea merkel pushed has made things much worse ( austerity = deflationary debt spiral ) . 
  and the ltro has also been a disaster , because germany refused other mechanisms of quantitative easing . 
  lots of other things also.germany will have to do something they do n't want to do sooner or later , i 'd rather lose some quality of life and start helping out than sit here whilst germanys economy improves at the expense of all the others . 
   because that 's not hyperbole at all . 
  i was maintaining the tone of the thread . 
  well it 's not just the british that are getting annoyed at the ezs behaviour in the last 6 months or so . 
  india , us and china are suffering now because of it , their politicians have to explain why their approaches are not working . 
  just like cameron has to also . 
  anyway , i hold my hands up for being overly eurosceptic and anti germanyism . 
  but i honestly believe that that is a problem in the german administration somewhere , not the ordinary people . 
  i think they are incompetent on some levels , but i would happily be surprised if it turns out they can help fix this . 
  well if you look how europe has been handled so far even if they did federalise i 'm not sure it will solve anything . 
  how is it worse than becoming a ` vassal ' of the 4th reich . 
  if you look at the last century uk and us have been two of the most stable countries in the world and have promoted liberty . 
  europe in comparison is a ditch . 
  this current stance coming out of germany is very very unpleasant indeed . 
  you can be safe in the knowledge that the people who downvoted you did it whilst also covering their eyes and ears and shouting bla bla bla bla everything is ok bla bla bla at the top of their voices . 
  fair enough , but i do n't want these unelected muppets scheming on the future directions of the eu , making policies which we wo n't be able to vote against anyway . 
  career politician . 
  just says whatever will get him popular . 
  nowadays people think that soros did us a favour then, 
  commie barroso , penfold van rompuy , ponzi scheme draghi and god knows what juncker is famous for apart from doing nothing . 
  thank god we are saved !!, 
  they will reveal the plan in late june , merkel will reject it , then we 'll all be back at square 1 again . 
  except it 's looking more likely there wo n't even be a euro by the end of june . 
  lol !!!!!!!!, 
  the latest quote i got from merkel was that the south had it 's chance with low interest rates around 2001-2008 but they squandered them by putting extra money into consumption ( inflating domestic prices ) instead of building infrastructure . 
  this is what happened , in spain that money went into a housing bubble . 
  but the thing is , why did banks keep loaning , could spain control this inflation , who do we blame now after the event , and how do we fix this like a union ? 
  it makes no sense punishing people when * an experiment * goes wrong . 
  her comments were very ` being a dick ` ish . 
  but they were in the telegraph in an obvious eurosceptic blog so maybe out of context . 
  if she really does think like that , she 's going to fuck this up massively . 
  but shes got 80 % approval amongst the sheeple here .
