  just because i disagree with the circlejerk does n't make me a bigot . 
  i 'm not some armchair tourist who 's visited europe on holiday . 
  i actually work in former east germany ( for my sins ) . 
  i have made my opinion based on experiences . 
  this is exactly the kind of news flash i 'm on about in the xenophobia thread . 
  it 's more restrained than my usual germany bashing at least . 
  well everywhere you look there are news articles saying how germany are keeping europe afloat and all the rest are just scum , so it 's hardly surprising . 
  something about irish people being lazy and germans some kind of superhuman working machines but not really that offensively . 
  can we stop perpetuating such crap notions . 
  i do n't know how to explain it really . 
  i guess i might paraphrase that saying about teachers and make it , `` those that can , do ; those that ca n't , join a hippy lobby '' . 
  add to the fact that i do n't want germans influencing my part of europe ( ironic i know seeing as my part of europe is germany , i guess i mean my home part ) , and it just makes me want to vomit . 
  :*( edit : by the way i work in germany and i have to be involved in all these administration crap things . 
  i can tell you that they are designed and subscribed to by absolute morons . 
  i do n't know much about monsanto but i can fully believe research institutes being run by total arseholes . 
  vee ca n't pull ze vool over zour eyes can vee naaaaaa ? 
  i associate with europe geographically but not so much the european union as a whole . 
  i do n't see why we need to homogenise on things and have some kind of supranational identity . 
  it 's a thinly veiled prod at american stupidity , where else would it be ? 
   you used to be better than this , brichals . 
   really , you must have mistaken me for someone less trolly :p i guess you are right though , presseurop and spiegel seem to be quite pro and contra . 
  so you mean can we have more pro-euro propaganda here because the truth is becoming rather uncomfortable ? 
  totally drunk guy at 5 in the morning ? 
  i 'm normally scaring people off . 
  i was in a very immigrant area . 
  i like it , never had problems , but i do n't need any kind of preacher when i 'm in that state . 
  i 'd go to australia if i were you . 
  everything outside the anglosphere is pretty crappy to be honest . 
  maybe thats a regional thing . 
  i always heard it as zlotty with an ell from the poles i know . 
  edit : then again they do anglicise things when they talk to me . 
  for example my friend calls himself michal even though its michaw, 
  as you can see r/europe / doesnt have an imaginitive sense of humour . 
  of course germany are eager for poland to join the euro . 
  it goes like this . 
  poland joins euro and starts to get massive influxes of investment which causes relative prices to boom . 
  polish people can now afford to buy german goods , as a large market next door , you can see why germany likes this . 
  then the next bit , all that cash that flew into poland suddenly has to be paid back but the polish economy ca n't muster it , it was all a false boom . 
  a way for germany to create demand . 
  now the polish debt slaves lose a generation or 2 going back to being poorer than they were in 2012 . 
  but at least they 've all got 30 year old bmws now ( in 2040 ) . 
  am i wrong ? 
  this just made me have a flashback to a meeting with a young religious nutjob in a berlin subway last weekend . 
  tried to convince me that islam was the only true religion . 
  that fills in about 10 minutes of a drunken blackout . 
  i think we left on good terms though even though i did imagine attacking him , partly for his stupid beard . 
  maybe we will even be friends with the french one day . 
  well it 's all just show is n't it . 
  like when merkel said that the esm ( or whatever it was , forgot now ) could pay for spanish debt just to appease monti then she ran home to the lawyers . 
  i do n't see anything other than the eu becoming more protectionist and isolationist . 
  everyone named their kids after mo farah, 
  but i thought that those periphery countries * had * to reduce their nominal gdp in order to increase competitiveness . 
  well the figure in that articles is relative but anyway , austerity does n't work in times of recession is the point that the eurozone has missed . 
  no it 's not really . 
  those figures are just arbitrary and not useful to be looked at in isolation . 
  you can say whatever shit you want and back it up with statistics . 
  look at spain and how it 's changed the last few years . 
  it 's not going to have some export driven recovery is it ? 
  be honest ? 
  we ca n't compete with developing countries because they do n't pay shit for social security whilst in europe we do . 
  do you want to be as poor as china so we can compete with china ? 
  spain ca n't do a germany because germany relies on spain to be a net importer , not net exporter . 
  with the chinas etc. 
  in the world europe can not survive on exports . 
  only germany can by making the rest of europe suffer . 
  this is extreme common sense , so obvious that nobody can see it . 
  this kind of article is just stupid . 
  this is really what needs to happen . 
  i see the euro giving germany a competition free monopoly on exports and artificially high demand within europe but whatever . 
  keep working so hard ... 
  yeah i agree , i was being a bit moronic . 
  i just hate what is happening to greece . 
  i 'm kind of a latter day lord byron . 
  also i guess it would have been the jews fault but they 're all dead from last time . 
  this is r/europe . 
  you get downvoted when you are right . 
  xzibit just to get a z in there was pushing it a bit though . 
  rest was good . 
  imagine being 70 years ago and reading this . 
  fits does n't it ? 
  nothing changed , just less jews . 
  if britain leaves others will follow . 
  we should grow a pair and take a step toward freedom . 
  how can you be worried by what people want . 
  just the older generation just seem to hate the younger generation with a passion . 
  i tried to imagine their perspective , they probably see the youths as being some kind of flamboyant or carefree when the older generation were extremely austere . 
  this is like 70 plus year olds . 
  the middle aged are qute relaxed but they are 60s kids . 
  maybe they did n't live through the post war era . 
  i dunno , i 've even seen oldies fight themselves , i do n't know what it is . 
  they are angry . 
  we had something like that with a wave of indian and carribean immigrants in the 70s and 80s and nowadays ( after 1 - 1.5 generations ) nobody thinks of these people as anything but completely british . 
  there was a recent influx of eastern europeans which might have caused a bit of issues because so many came at once , dunno because i do n't live in uk since after then . 
  yes , i think it 's when you get large waves that are n't handled really well by the authorities . 
  it should n't be racist to talk about this . 
  i do have concerns for refugees etc. , i certainly think a manageable stream of immigation is a good thing . 
  illegal immigrants ithink is a problem because a lot of those people are moved against their own will ( or lied to with a promise of a better life ) . 
  i must say , old people in germany are the grumpiest i 've ever seen . 
  i do n't know if it 's because the current 18-34 generation genuinely are assholes ( hence the giftzwerge are right ) or whether just old people in germany are angry . 
  maybe there is a certain rate of immigration that is not damaging .
