  such a radical change in policy ? 
  well i do n't really know . 
  if this drives the publishing companies like wiley and royal society into administration or whatever then that is a disaster . 
  their quality is miles better than the other journals ( i agree elsevier is crappy though ) . 
  i believe that this has been done by nih in us also , so maybe that model is working ( there is some precedent ) . 
  also profs. 
  have been able to make their article open access for a while now but have to pay a big fee for the privilege ) . 
  i 'm sure the guys in wiley are absolutely furious about this though for example . 
  this is probably something to do with venizelos . 
  i believe there is always a high level of security required just that in the uk this kind of stuff makes the news . 
  british people love a good moan at themselves . 
  do you think it 's funny what happened in munich ? 
  and if i need to tell you why aa is needed well . . 
  [ just gon na leave this here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_massacre ), 
  [ shitty london too alpha ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_city ), 
  i agree with merkel here . 
  i 'm a brit living in germany for 6 years and i think this decision is fucking weird . 
  i actually do look at germans as complete idiots in many issues . 
  that 's just my opinion , and i 'm brave enough to admit it you downvoting kiddies . 
  i live in probably the most muslim area of berlin and it 's a really nice place , these people do n't need to be told that are their traditions are barbaric . 
  well i 'm not a medical doctor and i certainly would not like to perform any surgeries . 
  i do not particularly like it as i have said . 
  but scientific evidence is inconclusive from what i can see . 
  if there was a strong scientific evidence that this is bad as in the female case then i would agree of course . 
  i read the above article and the one linked in it and one of the jewish group leaders said that this is accepted in all other countries except ( apparently now ) germany . 
  without strong medical evidence then germany ca n't just unilaterally denounce this practise ( well it seems they can but it does n't serve any positive goal ) . 
  i have a feeling that i am trying to defend freedom of religion in / r/atheism here ( not to you specifically but the avalanche of downvotes ) . 
  science and religion are not necessarily mutually exclusive . 
  to be honest i think less sensation would have definitely reduced some anxiety in my young self . 
  i just do n't know if it 's better or worse so i ca n't argue on those grounds . 
  sex is more than just the sensation in the tip . 
  i do n't see why they have to open this can of worms when it 's something that 's been normal practise since forever . 
  i do see the point , especially when there may be surgical complications etc. 
  but this ruling just looks like some people telling some other people how to behave . 
  as far as mutilation goes , i would maybe put it on a par with those people who put those big rings in their ears . 
  it 's not directly like chopping off a finger imo . 
  of course , the child does n't decide . 
  that 's another issue . 
  but still i do n't see why the court should make an issue of that . 
   actually you seem so resistive to rational arguments that you dont sound like a scientist , but like an apologist . 
  i 'm resistive to rational arguments because i know that most things you read in medical journals are full of crap . 
  people can interpret them anyway they want to but i know medical doctors who do such studies and they are basically just going through the motions to get funding . 
  i work in one of europes largest research hospitals afterall . 
  ( in germany by the way . ), 
  are you telling me that 50 % ( or whatever percentage of people in the us circumcised ) are sexually dysfunctional ? 
  like i 've said , i also do n't like the practise but i 'm not convinced that it 's harmful . 
  we do n't need to be told what to do by hippy lobbyists . 
  that 's what i do n't like . 
  maybe because we ca n't trust what the eurocrats say anymore as they change the goalposts all the time . 
  it will take until ( at least ) september for germany to decide on the esm , just like i said on here a while back which the circlejerkers disagreed with . 
  i thought the downvotes made you stronger ? 
  actually i am a scientist so that 's quite funny . 
  look nobody can say categorically that circumcision is good or bad , i think the `` scientists '' opinion seems to be that it 's not bad but there 's no reason for it . 
  i just think that making the choice for this is beyond the remit of politicians or whoever . 
  i do n't particularly agree with it myself but i would never tell somebody not to do it . 
  there 's too much of that shit going on in europe . 
  i 'm sorry i just do n't believe that . 
  this has been done for example in us for medical reasons for a long time . 
  whether there is medical benefits is not clear but generally us medicine thinks that it 's slightly more hygienic . 
  in modern times of antibiotics and prophylactics etc. 
  i think there is no medical benefit personally . 
  i 've never read that it reduces sensitivity . 
  i had a friend that had to have it done for medical reasons ( sometimes it is too small or tight , actually this is very common and young men often have some rupturing of the foreskin when they first become sexually active ) . 
  my friend never mentioned anything about it , and he probably would have done . 
  female circumcision of course i agree is completely inhumane . 
  circumcision is not genital mutilation . 
  really i would have thought germans would have better things to worry about . 
  that 's what i would have thought also . 
  this graph makes no sense . 
  norwegians get payed relatively little , same as germans ( because social taxes are so high ) . 
  switzerland is expensive as anything . 
  you know there are lies , damn lies , and then statistics . 
  i do admire the ` trade schools ' approach in germany , i think the average uk person also would see a need for it . 
  we used to have such things then labour decided that everybody should go to uni to study david beckham studies . 
  however i am sure that spain is currently not lacking the skills base to do the dwindling amount of jobs they have . 
  of course it 's better to have a more skilled workbase for competition for jobs and increased productivity but that alone will not solve the systemic problem . 
  that alone is also not the main reason that the german economy is doing well . 
   do n't worry . 
  the free market will fix it . 
  * german * automakers will spring left and right in order to fill the gap ftfy, 
  i would n't say arrogant as such . 
  do n't really know what you would call it . 
  we have a culture we are very attached to , it 's quite different to the continent . 
  maybe we just are n't all that european . 
  maybe france also has this strong culture which is why we love to hate each other . 
  * never go full euro . 
  if any country in europe has been usas bitch it 's yours ( i know you 're german ) . 
  you could n't even rebuild your country without them , they just used you as a screen against the ussr . 
  do n't forget that . 
  now we know who was behind the tourist trap thread :d, 
  but to sign up to ` more europe ' during this crisis time is the wrong time to do it . 
  it should probably be done before even currency union and it takes an extremely long time . 
  i really do n't know how this will ever be fixed . 
  i do n't think prices can come down easily . 
  take for just a wild example starbucks . 
  will they sell coffee for half the price in madrid as they do in berlin . 
  no they wo n't i think , they will close shop . 
  ideally spain replaces these things with their own enterprises and gets back to some competitivity but surely the country will be wrecked first . 
  i 'm not even sure if prices for consumer goods are allowed to be lower in one country compared to the neighbouring one , i guess that is an issue for the producers of such things . 
  maybe the point of all this is to make people so poor that in future they will be happy to work for 500 $ a month with no social security .
