  a lot of people i know about it , pensioners , students etc. 
  are worried about it . 
  i obviously could n't care less about them lol . 
  my area of berlin ( wedding ) has n't been invested in that much like prenzlauer berg for example but it certainly will be soon . 
  no it is a problem because going through your 20s like this you will have no money to put down for a pension or invest in a mortgage . 
  you 'll reach your 30s with no security then it 's a slippery slope down to a miserable old age . 
  as a young healthy person you should be making hay and not just scraping by . 
  in 20 years when the majority of portugals middle aged have nothing in the bank then it will be a large problem . 
  what i read is hey germany your dumb fuck bankers have n't had to run their own finances since the americans took over ( after the last fuck up you made that led to mass genocide ) so this time they lent shit loads of money stupidly and now they expect the greek public to pay it back . 
  you can think whatever you want , this crisis is going to come back home to germany and your excuse for a country ( why germany was allowed to exist since 1945 and did n't remain an occupied territory is beyon dme ) is going to humiliate itself - again . 
  any german construction companies one thinks ? 
  oh dear , this is the level of reasoning we are dealing with ... 
  agreed totally . 
  well at least we are modernising our economy to rival the big players - the brics - in the future . 
  we will end up with some modern middle class areas like berlin or downtown mumbai/beijing , then we will have a massive proletariat who nobody gives a shit about like greece , spain or slum town mumbai or some paddy fields in outer mongolia or some factories where they have to put suicide nets to stop the workers killing themselves as they earn a dollar a day . 
  well done eu , great vision !, 
  bloody hell imagine how screwed the spanish would be if they did n't have angela merkel to help them . 
  from my vast knowledge of the german psyche , they will keep shitting on you until you stand up to them . 
  but after that they will be your bitch . 
  what i mean is that uk gets a bad reputation because we vetoed the ridiculous tobin tax idea . 
  since then that proposal has been changed so many times , it was clearly crap thought up on the spur of the moment in another of the many meetings . 
  at least i 'm glad sarkozy has gone . 
  germany throws it 's weight around all the time on european policies ; recently them and the netherlands and finland moved the goalposts again . 
  to be honest i do n't know why we should have to trust weidmanns policies more than draghis ( is it weidmann who is opposing or the other one ? ) . 
  i do n't know how much experience of germany you have but can we please stop painting them as the good guys . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  i 'm not saying to you personally , but i see a lot of pro german propoganda around here . 
  i say in a crisis , look first at who profits from that . 
  after all , the idiotic policies shown by the piigs were just a natural extension of having cheap credit forced down their throats . 
  there should have been some mechanism to regulate this , how smart were the ecb and bundesbank in those days ? 
  germany has shown more intransigence , they fuck up every attempt to solve the debt issues because it will hurt germany economy to cede ground . 
  the uk has pretty much done everything it 's been told to do . 
  i have no idea how this line of thought gets propogated . 
  not really pan european but i 'd like to see our cricket team ( uk , ireland , netherlands , anyother european australian who plays ) play us baseball team in a world series where they play 3 times each game and see who wins . 
  could also do the same for rugby and american football but i guess it takes each team 3 years to learn the rules of the other . 
  it 's no more a ridiculous proposition than martin schulz . 
  ashamedly , if i had to pick one of that list , i 'd go with guy ` austin powers ' verhofsted , but i 'd rather have none . 
   you could almost force them to stay if the rest of the eu imposed strict border/visa controls . 
  no more holidays in the sun unless you get your visa first . 
  :p i 'd love to see them try this . 
  ryder cup is always awesome man . 
  many of the big tournaments also come down to some intense shit at the end also . 
  i upvoted you for banter, 
  well i guess you never had to get told to vote the right way . 
  could equally apply for an open letter to the eu politburo . 
  golden dawn have democratic legitimacy . 
  none of the currencies have worth do they ? 
  they 're all fiats , they just are used to track supply and demand . 
  i did n't think they would , but then again i 'm just a bigoted euro hater . 
  look mate . 
  bashing america helps them forget their cultural output is fucking zero or close to . 
  we do n't make threads about what goes on in german high schools because nobody gives a shit . 
  [ whenever i 'm in europe i try to rock a look a little like this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1v8vat5ho8s ), 
  to be fair though , they did give us abba , las ketchup , dj \u00d6tzi , whigfield and many more . 
  imagine weddings without , what could drunken middle aged men dance to otherwise ?? 
  divide and rule my eurocrat friends , and if in doubt call them lazy, 
  yeah aep went a bit overboard on this one lol, 
  i 'm really surprised by how lame these southern countries are , they are practically begging to be subjugated . 
  legend . 
  and i do n't care if you downvote me . 
  i 'll just write some antimuslim or antiamerican stuff in a few days and i 'll get shit loads of upvotes in this sub . 
   you merely adopted it . 
  that 's like being an ex smoker always going on in a militant way about how bad smoking is . 
  they 're the worst . 
  germanys large turkish fraction would n't complain . 
  i 've come close to bashing a few myself when i 'm out on my sunday runs around brandenburger tor . 
  then again the locals are worse , berliners are pretty known for just standing in your way and staring around oblivious to the outside world . 
  / r/britishproblems, 
  well it 's a bit more edgy and not family orientated in uk . 
  saying that , i 've certainly got wasted in football stadiums in germany . 
  but the thing that puts me off is all those commercials of middle aged men escaping from their wives to watch football with a krombacher . 
  i do n't know , people in germany just seem to be more obsessed with football as an idea . 
  i am glad in uk we are crap at football otherwise we 'd also see it plastered around everywhere . 
  greek yogurt , olive oil and feta are the shit !, 
  it 's not just that . 
  the whole thing that he is speaking makes absolutely no sense at all . 
  when you employ people who are not up to the job they hold onto their position by being destructive and passive-aggressive , just like schulz so clearly is here . 
  the very first thing he said practically was an anti uk statement which the interviewer just glossed over . 
  i 've seen it so many times . 
  you do n't build successful projects based around people like this . 
  the renaissance or industrial revolution did n't come about by ambitious men ( although they could certainly be exploited by such people ) , but rather by men of talent and the spirit of the age . 
  there has not been a spirit of federalisation sweeping europe , this is a construct made by politicians for a power grab and pushed onto people under duress . 
  right i 'm going to be serious now . 
  it 's quite clear that schulz has relatively low iq . 
  he reeks of ambition over talent all the way down to his failing of his abitur . 
  blah blah dunning-kruger blah blah `` one of the painful things about our time is that those who feel certainty are stupid , and those with any imagination and understanding are filled with doubt and indecision . '' blah blah . 
  you get my point . 
  the title here is sensationalised . 
  schulz did n't say that germany wants a federal europe , he said the parties want a federal europe . 
  he so painfully dodged that question i guess the interviewer pissed himself a bit . 
  he said something along the lines of `` i know the people in your country do n't want a federal europe but the parties in germany do '' . 
  will the people be asked ? 
  ( also schulz has to have a dig at uk every chance he gets , i guess farage really got under his skin ) there are many other examples of him bungling this interview . 
  neil postulates that moving the parliament around costs 150 million $ , but then schulz interprets this as 150 billion . 
  small things , pay attention . 
  this is the difference between an astute and intelligent man and a man solely of ambition . 
  football culture in uk and germany are completely different so i do n't know how you can come to that conclusion . 
  in both cases they are sad but that 's only my opinion . 
  the point is though bobplager has a point . 
  this has nothing at all to do with europe and is merely an attempt to show how progressive and enlightened germany is .
