  it 's actually patronising anyway , who gives a shit if somebody is gay or not . 
  we 're not living in the days of justin fashanu . 
  if a footballer told me he was gay i 'd say `` so what . 
  do you want a tutu ? '', 
  you 've got a point mate . 
  i live in germany and i also find it vomit inducing how they are so obsessed with football . 
  they get into it like basement dwelling kiddy touchers might obsess over toy trainsets . 
  i actually do n't like football anymore , it used to be about the terraces , now it 's middle aged sad gits and ( female ! ), 
  politicians . 
  you 've got to be honest , that guy holding the banner saying profit is pretty funny but ooooooh nooooo it 's not adding to the conversaaaaation, 
  :( my embassy gets attacked and i try to make a little satire and you just bully me . 
  profit edit : you europeans really are unfunny as fuck , jesus christ, 
  where does it say , `` be a pathetic cowardly twat and blame all bad things on others '' ? 
  i 'm not sure this is the act of a sociopath or if it was done ` in cold blood ' so it were . 
  immediately calling him a sociopath is doing him a favour , as if he did n't know what he was doing . 
  it 's our favourite pay your denbts guy after what seems like an extended stay on daily mail island . 
  i would like to hear uliuliulis take on this incident . 
  would n't it be better just to forgive greeces debts and then instead use the bailout money to pay the french and german ( and others ) banks directly ? 
  there 's something not right about this . 
  surely greece ca n't be burning so much money . 
  it will need to be bailed out forever , it 's just a black hole . 
  i think there 's a systemic crisis here , like greece is becoming a sink somehow to convert bank loans into the average persons money . 
  well there is no link there , this is a self post . 
  you mut have clicked text instead . 
  afaik you ca n't put a link directly and text at the same time . 
  i find it interesting that the average , when you average out individuals flaws , is very beautiful . 
  i think that 's the idea behind this really . 
  ( i 'm not trying to sound shallow , but those pictures are of classically good looking people imo ) . 
  there are some good links in the worldnews `` other discussion '' up top . 
  i sometimes feel sorry for being an ass on this subreddit but then i look at the voting pattern in this thread and i feel quite righteous . 
  that actually made me laugh quite a bit hhaha, 
  [ how i felt about 2 minutes in when that hypnotic spiral came on ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ludovico_technique ), 
  it 's not clear yet if any state will take a bailout from it . 
   the real fear is based on the prospects of mitts policies , which increases the transfer of wealth from the poor and middle class to the richest . 
  a bit like europe then ? 
  i 've lived in germany longer than you have probably . 
  i can guess that because you obviously have n't grown to hate the place yet . 
  it 's only provocative because the west has appeased germany and forced us all to believe that they are somehow a country of modern day saints , and that all thinking otherwise is taboo . 
  this guy is stating facts . 
  now now calm down . 
  i 'm not the one being elitist saying you should try to advance your career as much as possible if that 's what you choose . 
  thinking you can swan around in your early 20s living some kind of bohemian lifestyle is elitist if you ask me . 
  i 'm not elitist at all , i did n't have a choice , had no money , and in my day you did n't live with your parents until you were 35 . 
  it 's actually not a big deal for me but everyone makes a big deal of it if you do a postdoc abroad after studying in uk . 
  i did actually do a postdoc alongside an irish person who graduated at 25 years old with a very credible cv - plenty of papers . 
  they also have to repeatedly explain to people how it 's possible . 
  in germany and switzerland i 've also seen so many people wasting time in their studies . 
  taking career breaks as a norm. , the average length of phds in my nearby unis are creeping over 5 years . 
  the thing i like about the uk is they push you forward in a very organised manner and support your advancement . 
  i would say this is the advantage . 
  by the way , germany is really bad for this but i think it 's becoming a problem for society in general in europe . 
  i once argued this with a non european but complete pro-eu francophile sycophant when he was doing his habilitation in switzerland trying to tell me that there was nothing superior about the uk education system . 
  well he got offered a job at one of those 4 unis mentioned and he was off like a rocket hahaha, 
  why do they focus on the anglosphere ? 
  and why do german people take forever to finish their studies . 
  it 's bloody embarrassing being a 26 year old postdoc trying to teach 30 year old masters students . 
  i 'd suggest to get into the top 10 a lot of these european institutions just need a good old fashioned kick up the backside . 
  yeah !!, 
  i can feel it . 
  industrial revolution part 2 coming to us soon . 
  * thanks germany !!!!!!!, 
  * including the poorhouses , and sending 5 year olds up chimneys ^ to clean them otherwise the whole family will get scurvy ^ the chimneys are now energy windmills, 
  i find it a bit disturbing that the eu has to employ bureaucrats to wipe over the free press . 
  every country has corruption/waste/inefficiencies . 
  just the finger is being pointed at greece because their economy is wrecked , however i believe the overall factor is systemic . 
  they 're pissing into the wind and the germans are laughing at their yellow pants and telling them to just piss harder . 
   so why should they feel restrained by half a dozen german judges in silly red robes ? 
  because they are n't irish or from any of the other countries that got told to `` vote again '' . 
  well it 's certainly to add some conditions to the esm aswell . 
  well we have the advantages already in technologies so we should go on that . 
  what i mean to say is , just selling more than you buy in is not the only component of the economy . 
  so , we 'd stop buying chinese crap and make our own stuff . 
  currency is irrelevant , economics is about supply and demand . 
  there will not be bankruptcy , because an ecb without germany could print money . 
  just pointing that out . 
  i do n't think he means everybody bowing down to german rule , they already do that . 
  he means that germany should take responsibility , like accepting eurobonds etc. 
  oooh juicy gossip . 
  we need somebody to come in and finally `` settle all family business '' count of montecristo style . 
  no merit ? 
  he 's an mep and he was elected . 
  he 's got as much merit as anybody else . 
   destroying that guy 's stuff was so christian what do you mean . 
  [ jesus practically invented table flipping ] ( http://bible.cc/matthew/21-12.htm ), 
   tea is n't going to get me up the side of a mountain on three hours sleep . 
  [ what is this heresy !, 
  ] ( http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/ftimages/2008/01/11/1199988547752.html ) :p, 
  upvote for audacity . 
  as for the question : you 're not drinking tea . 
  it 's also a staggeringly bad idea , as if we 've learnt nothing about different economies in europe so far . 
  oh i 'm sure the germans could find some new bureaucracy to replace the old . 
  yeah but to be fair we could n't fund ourselves by melted down jewish teeth so it probably makes it about even . 
  the deutschmark would rapidly increase in value so that exports from germany would become less competitive . 
  even small changes make massive influences when there is so much competition in the market . 
  the german economy relies on exports . 
  germans also have weak domestic demand for goods due to them getting paid low for so long so they ca n't sell to themselves . 
  it 's a very supply based economy . 
  without the ` expansion chamber ' of the euro to keep germanys currency low this model would collapse . 
  germany could also be ` attacked ' and forced out of the export market by china and other nations . 
  germany really do need the euro more than anybody else .
