  they used to earn about 2,100 euro per month ( take home ) . 
  sure you can earn more in basf but good luck getting in there . 
  some germans can tell you the precise pay grade . 
  [ it 's corroborated here . 
  ] ( http://academia.stackexchange.com/questions/42648/german-postdoc-salaries-tv-l-e14 ) i know how much the pay is , because i used to get it myself . 
  the pay is officially higher but if you are single and have no kids then you pay more in tax and then your health insurance comes out . 
   you are right that tv-l is a civil servant payscale . 
  postdocs commonly are placed in the e-13 or e-14 scale , where the latter is higher ( but usually comes with more responsibilities ) . 
  the gross pay starts at just under 3579.34 eur per month for berlin . 
  very recently the pay scales have been renegotiated , so i believe it might have gone up a bit . 
  this amount is the first step in the scale , depending on your experience you might start at a higher step . 
   the net amount depends on your specific circumstances , for example if you are married and if you are a member of a church . 
  for single persons that are not registered with a church the net amount is around 2100 eur a month . 
  this includes health insurance . 
  you should be able to live decently in berlin for this money . 
  on minimum wage in uk you pay little tax , i honestly think for a less stressful job with no responsibilities , you can ( in some cases ) earn more in the uk on minimum wage than as a postgraduate in germany . 
  now consider poland . 
  girl with a law background ( i 'm not sure if fully qualified but certainly a graduate level qualification ) doing menial work where i work . 
  mind you i 'm doing the same and i 'm ex academic . 
  i earn more in my minimum wage job than many people i know with phds in germany when i factor in exchange rate and other stuff like overtime ( which you do n't get paid for in salaried jobs but often still do more than 40 hours ) . 
  you can do 60 hours a week picking cabbages , take home about 400 pounds a week or  2000 euro per month , net . 
  cabbage picking is shit but at least you do n't take it home with you . 
  ok i will . 
  i 'm going to spend all night watching reruns of race riots in the usa . 
  there 's plenty of material . 
   europe does a poor job of integrating it 's immigrants ( something we americans actually excel at , but take for granted ) . 
  we obviously do n't shoot enough black kids . 
  it 's alright , just let them come . 
  i only would request that we partition a small part of the world as an enclave for ethnic europeans to live in after our culture has been homogenised . 
  a bit like israel . 
  maybe we can choose the falkland islands or something , and i hope some global power protects it . 
  it 's not too much to ask for , i know it 's very racist of me , i just think that europeans should have a little homeland in the grand scheme of things . 
  more than half of the kids i know are on some kind of benefits for being on the autistic spectrum . 
  whether that 's bad or good , a lot of parents are milking the system or blaming aspergers for everything , so some of the more genuine cases might not get the recognition they really deserve . 
  that being said , there is a huge awareness of autistic spectrum disorders . 
  every school or parenting group or family doctors in the uk will have programs . 
  ireland was part of britain when the british empire was raping the world . 
  actually , since we lost ireland 's insidious influence , we almost gave all of the colonies independence . 
  i hope they put english translations in italics under everything . 
  top bombing !, 
  children should be taken from their parents and put in huge camps . 
  parents could visit as often as they like but basically kids belong to the state . 
  people could have children without the responsibility then , and at least we would n't have about half of our kids growing up in unstable homes like we do now . 
  also : treat meat eaters like smokers . 
  snob alert . 
  i saw a bbc report on this even a few weeks ago . 
  there was a new dinghy every hour just sailing past a massive turkish coastguard ship and they let them pass . 
  it 's not even worth trying to stop one boat when 5 slip past in the time . 
  waste of fuel . 
  just looked that up . 
  that is so true . 
  i wish i knew this during the meeting days , i might have been able to bring it up e.g. 
  ` guys i think we might be bike shedding a tiny bit ' . 
  at least i could have rationalised wtf was going on . 
  thanks for bringing that up . 
  yeah my boss obviously had problems , as i said he ended up taking months off . 
  it 's just when i hear of these eu meetings going all night without any progress i think they might have some similar problems there . 
  i think it is a culture among some political or beaurocratic circles which worries me a lot . 
  it is probably why i am very eurosceptic , these meetings i used to have , especially as they got more and more crazy , made me and many others ill aswell . 
  i guess so . 
  i 've just come to the conclusion that if scotland prefers to be in union with the eu rather than ruk then we need to get that sorted as soon as possible . 
  i ca n't want ruk independence and not support scottish independence at the same time . 
  we 'd have group meetings where we would go collate our work to send off for reports to funding agencies and so on . 
  sometimes the boss would get fixated on a sentence or heading e.g. 
  ` performance of pressure cookers as a function of metal ' ( totally random example ) . 
  then they would super seriously discuss whether it 's better to write it as ` metal composition effects on pressure cooker performance ' or ` pressure cooker performance : choice of metal ' . 
  then they 'd go round in circles and act like total morons without making any progress . 
  sometimes they 'd turn to me and say ` what does our native english speaker think ? ', 
  and i felt like screaming `` any of the fuckers , in english we do n't give a shit ' . 
  reports that normally you could cobble together in a morning , even something like a cover letter , would make us lose hours and hours . 
  my boss did have a nervous breakdown and spend 9 months in a mental hospital , no wonder when you make such a big deal out of something so trivial . 
  i imagine eu meetings to be like this , no wonder juncker just gets pissed all the time . 
   there 's a fair chance it would trigger a second independence referendum in scotland too . 
  the amount of instability caused by the uk leaving the eu for all parties involved is very significant . 
  sound . 
  get rid of you bunch of whiners aswell . 
  2 birds with 1 stone . 
  we 're retiring , thanks . 
  actually germans would hate this . 
  it puts more responsibility on them . 
   such an efficient country have you lived there ? 
  i did , we had meetings where we would discuss how a single sentence or subheading should be phrased that lasted for several hours . 
  yeah i mean germany and the smoking ban , i did n't see your irish flair . 
  you guys are like us , gullibly following every directive . 
  they 're a bit more canny on the mainland . 
   raising the minimum wage from nothing to $ 8.50 an hour is hardly defending their export base . 
  will this be adhered to though ? 
  i 'm sure there are creative ways around it , being a liberal and a smoker and ex-berliner i love what you guys did with the smoking bans ( i.e. 
  basically ignored them ) . 
  * i 'm on a horse *, 
   i do not see a shock that could severely endanger our economy currently i do n't know if germany went through a similar period like we did with thatcher , certainly germany has kept its manufacturing base much better than britain in the last 30 years . 
  just recently we are losing all our steel industry because china has flooded the market with cheap steel . 
  i think germany could survive such things but it would be difficult and i worry that adding extra burdens to germany like the migrant crisis could be catastrophic . 
  i mean that germany is a less consumer society which means that money is not circulating domestically as much as in other wealthy eu states . 
  i mean , germans are quite debt averse , which is good and admirable in some ways but national economy is not the same as the swabian hausfrau economy . 
  i agree germany is good now but they should always be cautious of the economic outlook going bad . 
  i agree . 
  i think this is the motive behind a lot of germany 's behaviour . 
  they are defending their export base at all costs and i believe trying to increase their domestic consumer base and eu-wide consumer base - even at the cost of other eu nation 's trade . 
  i think they fear that if it falls apart then the backlash will wreck europe on a scale of the world wars .
