  we have our own gypsies though and they live in caravans , they would n't do that . 
  they 'd be aware at least how much trouble they would get into , these people are from romania and some poles are there too as migrant workers cutting down on rent costs according to sources . 
   they are at like 25 % youth unemployment now ? 
  anyone who thinks that this wo n't affect the uk is lieing or misinformed it 's above 50 %, 
  less educated because they could find work at 15 and own a house with family by the age of 25 . 
  i 'm sure they could have got mickey mouse degrees if they were force fed them too . 
  there are eu gypsies building camps in my local forest ( sherwood forest ) cutting down the trees and killing the deer . 
  it would n't be so bad but we have very little forest in the uk and the deer are not native but are put there as a kind of protected species . 
  i did n't say anything bad about chavs , just seems he would be better off with a posh bird , a guardian reader maybe . 
  or maybe it 's british sense of humour gone over your head ? 
   did obama affect polls somehow ? 
  maybe a small effect for few days then back to normal . 
  currently leave is winning so any good work obama might have done has been reversed . 
  do n't get your knickers in a twist though , we wo n't leave , the polls do n't take into account northern ireland or postal votes anyway . 
  you should stop dating chavs . 
  hehe i 'm joking . 
  but i also know that the nazis borrowed it from earlier philosophy . 
  did n't merkel say it to the greeks ? 
  thinks he 's christiano ronaldo . 
  how much money are we spending on sending big ships over there ? 
  build a few motorised zip lines and let people jet ski over . 
   ca n't wait for the future nexit vote funny , after we vote to remain it will mean we are locked in the eu . 
  so we might be the only country left in it in 20 years after nexit , frexit , deutxit etc. 
  we can start in france . 
  people in europe have no idea what a military is useful for and would be frankly appalled by your idea , thinking you a gun toting , flag waving , jingoistic redneck . 
  technically it was n't hitler , it was those that defeated him . 
  somebody should inform the eu that they are n't playing on settler difficulty . 
  it actually says `` refugees welcome - tourists piss off ' . 
  [ can see it in this blog ] ( https://avanthard.wordpress.com/tag/berliner/ ) i 've seen such things myself . 
  i was a bit wrong , but it is true that certain types of german are not welcome in certain areas in berlin , such as the communes ( which also serve as social centres and nightclubs ) . 
  this was probably inspired by that sign in one of the kreuzberg ghettos that says something like ` refugees welcome , germans fuck off ' . 
  hipster berlin is alright for a while but the decadence sure gets dreary and weimaranian . 
  but they hate middle class white people , so they must be the good guys according to far-lefties . 
  did n't any native brits vote ? 
  maybe all voting on bgt . 
  hahaha 12 points to lithuania and 10 points to poland from the uk . 
  eurovision is still an utter farce . 
  wtf poland seriously , what 's going on ? 
  good work , you 've spared us all . 
  uk acts ruining it again, 
  only some ? 
  oh shit he 's a young alan partridge hahaha, 
  2nd half has been quite good , soon time for uk to ruin the good run . 
  under what circumstances could you ever lie on your back and walk on water ? 
  i do n't think the choreographer thought it through . 
  kate bush meets cranberries . 
  i like it . 
  do n't go on the moors after midnight ! , other than that you 'll be alright . 
  ok i made my mind up , i 'm going for italy because she was the only contestant i can remember that did n't have sideways hair . 
  i thought italian , latin , and greek as it loaded then that option was there , so pretty much it for me . 
  i was thinking that last week at my work where we got 3 romanians coming . 
  of course , nobody knows what latin sounds like but that 's by the by . 
  [ it 's alright mate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhof3s70w-c ), 
  autos in gear generally put some minimum revs even if you do n't have your foot on the pedal , so you wo n't roll backwards on a hill . 
  unless the hill is very steep , then you put extra revs with the accelerator whilst the handbrake is on and release the handbrake to start . 
  aldi in britain is much better quality than aldi nord in berlin , and is actually doing really well here . 
  yes they ask sexual preference . 
  he still sounds like hitler . 
  yes i know !, 
  godwins law and all that . 
  but germans fucking flip their shit in public all the time and as an englishman i really hate that . 
  uk is a nation , great britain has 3 countries on it . 
  british is often stated as a nationality because ukish does n't sound right . 
  [ no this was the original link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zfqdxbybnc ), 
  to be fair , it 's pretty hard to argue against austin powers . 
  they did n't ask the europhiles on this subreddit so i do n't think they did a good survey . 
  no , i just think most of the posters on here are starry eyed pricks . 
  nothing tastes as good as stopping deforestation and starvation feels, 
  take taxation away from cigarettes and put it on junk food . 
  oh and stop killing animals for food . 
  but i know that will never happen . 
  i 'm on a low carb diet , years of bread and pasta took it 's toll on me and i ended up near diabetic . 
  in the last 6 months i 've gone from 208 to 164 lbs and now i 'm pretty fit . 
  i see this prediabetic state in so many people , i think now children will live their entire lives in this state unless something is done . 
  i also think it may be the cause of all this adhd , aspergers etc. 
  disorders . 
  that 's not what i am saying . 
  firstly , i 'm just talking crap because this entire thread premise is ludicrous . 
  secondly , i 've been working in european mainland for 8 years , so i 'm not exactly some kind of hardcore nationalist . 
  ( but the more i write here the more i convince myself i should be . ), 
   that is absolute military-grade bullshit . 
  we have to get professionals in from bloody australia , new zealand and a hundred other far-flung places - what makes you think the uk has the spare capacity just laying around on the dole ? 
  in my area in science it is like that . 
  there are not enough post post-doc long term career positions - particularly in academia . 
  the royal society has identified this as a challenge . 
  we do have too many overqualified people in this area . 
  if we had to kick out europeans from uk tomorrow i could apply for 5-6 large academic positions in one large university alone ( oxbridge types ) . 
  of course this is a stupid situation that wo n't happen . 
  no i 'm an academic . 
  the universities in uk are a bit like premier league football , many people from all over fill positions there . 
  whilst there are very few british working outside ( or playing in the football analogy ) in europe ( i like to think of myself as a kind of academic david beckham . ), 
  so if this situation arises , which is ludicrous by the way , there would be shit loads of professional jobs available in the uk . 
  i hope so . 
  gives me an excuse to get out of germany . 
  there would also be basically unlimited amounts of jobs in my profession if we kicked the europeans out of uk . 
  edeka baked beans are good , in fact , i prefer them nowadays , from reichelt . 
  i make them with fried eggs on top . 
  when you 've got people dressing up as schools to attract kids ... 
  if you compare a 1970s british diet to the modern one you 'll see that we used to get far more calories from fat , but hardly anybody was fat then . 
  it 's processed sugars making us all prediabetic that causes obesity .
