  to be honest i think that it could be embarrassing if barroso speaks and starts telling everybody that the eu saved europe from ww3 , because this is just not true . 
  it would be like trying to rewrite history and people are n't stupid enough to believe that ( except the majority of the euro-sycophants on here - no offence guys , i was a liberal teenager just off to uni once myself ) . 
  all of these reasons are rubbish ( not substantiated ) and you know it . 
  yes but somebody has to do a speech . 
  who will that be ? 
  all of them ? 
  barroso and schulz both talk shit and are unfit for public speaking imo . 
  upvote for automagically, 
  busy man , he 's also chairman of the norwegian nobel committee ... 
   the potsdam conference ? 
  the one that split germany in two parts and subjected the eastern part to forty years of crushing oppression ? 
  yeah , that 's a peacemaker . 
  well that 's better than continuing war with the soviets , at least it was a stand off . 
  and it succeeded in demilitarising germany on a pretty permanent basis . 
  remember , they promised to demilitarise after ww1 and we all know what happened after that . 
   the freedom you have to travel and work in other eu countries and the removal of borders has brought people close together . 
  that 's hilarious because i work in a research institute in germany and it 's full of indians and chinese people , same as the uk ones . 
  they did n't have any problems getting here . 
  so you have to show a passport and get a visa . 
  so what ? 
  it 's not like without the eu we 'd all be sitting in our home country thinking spaghetti grew on trees . 
  so france left nato . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  they could not attack any other european nation because a ) the other nato states would block it , b ) it would help the communists enter to the west ( in nato or out , we had a common enemy ) , c ) the threat of mad . 
  absolutely impossible for france or any other western european country to start a local war or even think about planning one . 
  the eu did not stabilise the continent after ww2 . 
  the potsdam conference and demilitarisation of germany did that . 
  i guess the early precursors of the eu then resulted in a way that germany could get some industry back with the coal and steel treaty with france . 
  there was also nato set up after ww2 so we had a common defence policy throughout europe . 
  all of these things would have happened without the eu . 
  i 'm talking about the eu as it is now , since 1993 when it was formed . 
  the organisations before that , ecsc and eec i think did a good job . 
  incidentally that is what the eurosceptics in the uk want , something like the eec . 
  not an eu overgrown bureaucracy as it is now . 
  because there were n't any wars since does not mean that the eu prevented them . 
  in the last 60 years there was no chance that war could break out in europe because of various treaties not related to the eu . 
  but we do n't know if the eu prevented any wars or not . 
  probably not . 
  however , they might be responsible for a serious destabilising of a large portion of europe . 
  well , after al gore and barack obama they finally managed to reach a new low . 
  i would love to see the scene when hvr and barroso etc. 
  get together and start circle jerking over this . 
  hartz reform is nothing like the austerity programs these countries are going through . 
  germany was n't asked to surrender sovereignty for one thing . 
  people that cite that are just looking for an excuse . 
   `` temperamental southerners '' is an observation . 
  you just need to see the constant demonstrations , strikes and droning on and on how `` proud '' they are to also see it . 
  which is incidentally why i think they 'll have a revolution or two . 
  i can assure you , if the same thing happened in uk london would burn . 
  i 'm astonished how laid back the southern europeans are about all this . 
  and i 've not a good idea how the germans would respond but i 'm sure it would n't be pretty either . 
  another outstanding article by aep , he 's getting better . 
  they ca n't , they 're stockholm syndromed . 
  aaah the truth will slowly come out . 
  good find . 
   kind of like how some random nazi leaders liked to talk about restoring former glory , but in the end it ended with disaster for the people . 
  i 'm sorry but this is exactly how i see the eu recently . 
   however his ** populist ** comments about tweaking the eu 's rules on free labour movement have caused understandable confusion in brussels . 
  i hate this word . 
  what does it even mean . 
  something that the public wants but the eurocracy does n't ? 
  i get sick every time beaker ( barosso ) squeaks it out in his beaker voice . 
  something nobody was thinking of a couple of years ago now the imf is * demanding * . 
  are n't things getting a bit out of control ? 
  it 's not exactly cutting greek wages by 20 % , it 's raising german wages by that relative to greece . 
  however i think that germany would n't like this , which is precisely the kind of thing that the greeks may protest about . 
  no financial policy helps all , and somebody always resists , so we end up stuck in the status quo and sinking deeper into the quicksand . 
  the question is whether the austerity measures are the best way to solve it and whether they were too harsh . 
  but the problem was caused long before it was a concern . 
  yes to be fair . 
  it 's not all germany but merkel is the focus today presumably . 
  i do n't want to go through this again but german banks over invest in greece and get caught out by the credit crunch . 
  germans then give loans to greece so that they can pay back to the banks the original recklessly lent money . 
  germany demands austerity measures so the money is gradually syphoned from the lower socioeconomic classes in greece . 
  greece ca n't attempt to democratically change this due to interference by the eu and also a large scare tactic campaign ( which the majority of this subreddit seems to have bought into also ) . 
  is n't that area ( syntagma square ) blocked off for protests . 
  it 's normally the focal point is n't it ? 
  haha not really , i 've spent too much time on / r/britishproblems, 
  when a german starts acting like a nazi , he gets called a nazi . 
  nothing to be surprised about there . 
  to be fair , you have been running your mouth off like a little fascist in this thread . 
  another impetus towards scottish independence . 
  i 've been sorely disappointed by the eus handling of the crisis , it seems to me that most of the recent policies have been to stabilise banks and the economies of the more established nations . 
  germany and france ( in the sarkozy era ) being the most active in that regard . 
  it indicates that the eu is not a fraternal organisation but a cash grab dictated by nationalistic policies . 
  i do n't disagree but to be absolutely critical you are just an example of what these so called racists are up in arms against . 
  you 've been telling us how to think with regards to multiculturalism , gay marriage , illegitimate children , strange religious practises etc , since the early 90s and anybody who disagrees is a racist or whatever . 
  i do n't know where this prosyletising comes from , i know that the guardian and some scottish media spout this in the uk ( also bbc ) . 
  new labour were crazy on this during their terms . 
  people are sick of it , and thank god democracy helps us to get rid of it . 
  the lefties are just as dangerous as the righties . 
  i liked that , but i find myself having to read it in the accent of a new york cab driver because of the lack of there ` res . 
  dude !, 
  do n't mention anything bad about germany here , you 'll get a bunch of angry german kids downvoting you . 
  they take this subreddit terribly seriously . 
  even though most of the people here are blatantly racist it 's true . 
  that 's a good name for a gay bar . 
  middle class yuppies taking tax free minijobs on the side that earn as much as minimum wage in greece . 
  poor bastards . 
  yes berlin rent is very low but also people here do n't have much disposable money due to the austerity reforms from before the crisis .
