  and germany will struggle to move to a services based economy , they are kept afloat by exports . 
  the average german just does not have the throwaway money that uk/france scandinavia etc. 
  has ( e.g. 
  check the map on the front page ) . 
  i think that the germans thinking that they are fine and their economy is booming so they can be charitable are setting themselves in a dangerous position . 
  she called her a sand rat many times . 
   bulgaria 's state news agency bta said that , on hearing the news , prime minister boyko borissov left an eu summit in brussels , where the migrant crisis was being discussed . 
  the irony . 
  one for the history books ? 
  shit like this . 
  assuming the moral high ground ( we 're not all bad ) . 
  when are you going to learn ? 
  nobody gives a shit about your opinion , you just use this post to demonise half the country . 
  do you want a pat on the back or something . 
  i guess private nurseries exist but the free nurseries that the state provides do differ in quality and obviously the parents want the best one for their child . 
  the better ones are really hard to get in to and the rest are things like 60 kids per class speaking 50 different languages in a portocabin being taught by a witch doctor from the gambia ( slight - but not much - hyperbole ) . 
  getting your kids into an acceptable kindergarten here in the uk is quite a distressing experience . 
  i 'm sure it puts some people off . 
  so busy fighting over the optimal deck chair arrangement they are oblivious to the fact the ship is going down ( i 've lived in germany for years , i 'm very familiar with this concept ) ,, 
  even more to disincentivise young european couples to have children . 
  minimum wage is now basically a wage ceiling for most low skilled workers . 
  it was supposed to be a floor . 
  port used to be quite popular for special occasions but not so much anymore i think . 
  i was being sarcastic by the way , cod and chips is our national dish . 
  do you guys honestly mash it all up , what is this heresy !, 
  no , nobody eats that where i come from o.o, 
  [ there was that new zealand man that got raped by a wombat and started talking australian as a result of it ] ( http://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/03/28/wombat_incident/ ), 
  our vote can liberate you . 
  [ i still believe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjqimlfcjsm ), 
  the uk is one of the main pillars of the eu , uk funding , labour market and trade market are hugely important . 
  and the eu is on shaky ground right now . 
  i do n't think the eu can afford an additional massive headache which brexit would bring . 
  i do n't think it would bring the eu down but unfortunately for other eu states it would make things very uncomfortable , and then hopefully other countries rise up . 
  i do n't care if the uk suffers , at this rate it 's a lame duck anyway . 
  as a eurosceptic that is what i hope us leaving will achieve . 
  i hope the uk leaves and the eu unravels and is remade in a better form . 
  we do n't want to leave the eu because we want to isolate ourselves from europe , it 's quite the opposite . 
  farage even states it in this talk . 
  they do n't like it up 'em, 
  are you calling me racist ? 
  like we need even more competition for stem positions . 
  no you nazi , try harder !, 
  i love this comment by the way , the sheer economical brevity of it . 
  it 's like the kid in emperors new clothes just turning around and saying `` wtf mentalists , he 's naked !, 
  calling this a propaganda video is like calling somebody who is anti open-borders a racist . 
  it 's quite immature and anyway should be delisted for editorialisation . 
  you probably live in britain anyway . 
  this is my problem . 
  imagine if a group of hindus got together and wrote a similar thesis . 
  would it make headline news ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the reason that people here are furiously circle jerking is precisely because of the damage islam has caused in europe . 
  terrorism works brilliantly . 
  i remember before 9/11 hardly anybody concerned themselves with islam , not even european muslims ( except maybe in the balkans ) . 
  it 's like the bully kid in school who gets a special badge because he did n't give any of the little kids a bloody nose that week . 
  just do n't glorify them for things they should be doing anyway . 
  i think you 've got a point here . 
  similar thing happened with the euro crisis too . 
  darts . 
  snooker . 
  we 're only good at sports you can play in the pub . 
  seeing all of those migrants raving on about what they expect to find when they reach germany it 's not surprising that tensions flare up when they get there and it 's not what they expected . 
  it 's another obvious hazard of this situation which has been glossed over by much of the media and policy makers . 
  if all else fails contact the english cricket team , they 'll probably take you . 
  i think they were kurds but 2nd/3rd generation german , it was quite a big story about 6 months ago . 
  i know the modern people from turkey are far more socially liberal than those that came to germany as guest workers and stayed . 
  you 've got to try harder germany !, 
  only you can help ( maybe sweden too ) . 
  just on a totally unrelated tangent , does anybody know the story of sisyphus ? 
  nothing to do with germany and refugees of course . 
  a turkish girl was taken to a forest in berlin and burned alive in an honour killing quite recently . 
  i do n't actually see why this story makes big news , honour killings are pretty common in europe . 
  heavy metal is the closest modern equivalent to classical music i always thought . 
  at least acoustically . 
  because tony blair is king lear level batshit crazy . 
  that 's implying that literature has been produced in the uk since the 1950s . 
  what are you on about , i learnt all that from the guardian . 
  he has to remember also , if it were n't for the eu then china would take every job in europe and russia would destroy us militarily , and all gays and ethnic minority would be genocided . 
  if britain would become a 3rd world dump without the eu then i ca n't imagine how bad slovakia would be . 
   the tories and ukip have already largely cannabilised the white-working class vote more like slit new labour 's belly open and rescued the white working class voter whole after 35 years . 
  i saw people in burqas in wedding all the time , especially around osloer strasse . 
  when i left in 2014 i could see there were new arrivals on a weekly basis also . 
  i imagine there are even more now . 
  just learn to duck and run . 
  a world without masculinity is even worse . 
  to be honest [ ' i predict a riot ' kaiser chief type losers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hamkl-su8pe ) deserve a good kicking . 
  you can quite easily get a broken nose just for going out in the next town along and saying that you 're from the rival town . 
  any group of men outside pubs at kicking out time are potential targets . 
  if most brits are n't surprised it 's because most of us know the way how things are . 
  in fact you 're far less likely to get hit for being foreign because the offenders will be punished heavily and they know it . 
  if it 's just a fight over football or something the police will not care about it . 
  many of our town centres are majority eastern european now due to the large influx of young workers here . 
  it 's not a surprise that every now and again some get a broke nose . 
  this scaremongering worries me because i see a lot of drunk polish hanging around in my town and yes i have been provoked walking past some at times . 
  blaming everything on xenophobia just makes the situation worse . 
  some guy takes a drink and burps and says cunt in your direction , you just walk on . 
  it 's not full of beautiful happy affluent/talented people carefully selected to represent one of each ethnicity and minority group . 
  [ just first example i found ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxtwd4yg__q ) what i mean is that this version of multiculturalism does n't exist . 
  the world is not a microsoft/facebook/mcdonalds commercial and no matter how you try you wo n't turn germany into one . 
  i read this and gustav holst started playing in my head .
