  germans love to say they are in europe but i 've seen no desire for them to be part of this when it does n't suit them . 
  i 've been reading a bit on this and what rajoy has postulated this weekend . 
  germanys having none of it , so we will have to see what they can come up with . 
  so we have to wait and watch rome burn whilst nero fiddles . 
  that 's a consequence of adding 2 extra layers of bureaucracy above your ability to govern your own country ( 1st layer eu then above them germany ) . 
  dat accent < 3 ( and funny cute names that are actually normal names but spelt completely differently ), 
  i like people that do n't just say the same old crap , that dictated to them by business/money pressure . 
  they will have their day one day . 
  running/cycling clothes are good . 
  maybe shoes are a bit too technical . 
  he 's actually been overwhelmingly pro european so far . 
  you might yet get to see his cunt side though . 
  decathlon , a french company i believe , surprises me with the quality/price ratio for sports things . 
  you 're hoping that the greek/cypriot girls from eurovision are reading this are n't you ? 
  well he is not well known in germany as much as blair of course , maybe the first big exposure to him for a lot of people was his veto , so it 's not surprising . 
  if they do n't like cameron , i 'm sure the 'd love the eurosceptic tory backbenchers that cameron is fighting to suppress , in the interest of european unity . 
  it 's becoming like the modern day potato famine but instead of britain and ireland its now germany and the whole of the southern ez . 
  just to qualify as that could be considered very offensive . 
  the similarity is the failure to act by the north is leading to economic destruction in the south and could cause irreparable damage , break up of the union and generations of resentment . 
  that 's ok . 
  i 've been a bit anti german lately . 
  probably annoyed some people . 
  i should stop following this crisis it 's making me crazy . 
  they will be revised down if previous estimates are anything to go by . 
  of course they are also heavily dependent on global events . 
  i think these are the optimistic estimates . 
   if i was in tin foil hat mode i 'd suggest it was a cunning german ploy , but in reality it is probably the combined effects of political ineptitude and fear and the hope that magic will suddenly start working . 
  i think on a more practical level i think it is just difficult to pass anything through the amount of politicians and financial advisors etc. 
  whilst some people are unhappy with proposals ( often times it seems to be german resistance ) , ideas get thrown on the scrap heap . 
  it is also then a political problem . 
  i also do n't see why it would be a problem to use inflation by money printing . 
  but germany hate that idea . 
  but we ca n't all live to a german economic policy , every country has different economies . 
  but the printing of euros or quantitive easing is being prohibited is n't it ? 
  maybe the problem is so chronic that any printing will lead to hyperinflation . 
  so with no printing we are generating an ever increasing solvency problem in banks and with gdps deflating there are getting less deposits in the banks ( plus the banks have all those toxic assets from the boom years ) . 
  the ltro was to increase liquidity so banks could lend to each other to fill holes when they appeared as far as i understood . 
  but that just buys time and the problem has not been improved it seems . 
  it 's definitely lacking in context but at the same time it is quite apt . 
  because what we are seeing is a crisis here and berlin are blocking any attempts at an approach to recovery that does n't involve austerity , which has proved disastrous up until now . 
  i think it 's because the knock on effect if that bank goes bust would be astronomical . 
  there would be a domino all over europe . 
  this is probably going to happen anyway , the more it is delayed the worse it will be . 
  the holes are being filled by even more loaned money i think , where is the money coming from ? 
  the german stance seems to be quite clear . 
  southern europeans are irresponsible with money and will not get any help from berlin that would affect germany . 
  for me this is really scary and the attitude is becoming [ ingrained ] ( http://uneasymoney.com/2012/05/30/this-behavior-is-totally-unacceptable-in-germany/ ) . 
  i think it 's more of a crime to lend money that you do n't have in a ponzi scheme fashion , then when you go bust get the tax payers to cover your bad loans . 
  because the bailout money is not going to greece , it 's going to banks so that they can continue this scam . 
  getting 2 % of the ez to pay their taxes is not going to fill the massive hole in the banking system that has come up . 
  it 's not the fault of the people in the crisis countries it is the fault of the system . 
  when somebody creates something wrecklessly dangerous they are the ones responsible , not the guys that hurt themselves with that dangerous thing . 
  in this case the dangerous thing was cheap loan money , which the banks could give out more than they could afford , because they were using toxic assets as a reserve . 
  greece and spain etc. 
  can not repay that money , because there is not enough money around ( that is why ltro is a temporary solution to increase the money in circulation ) . 
  but there is still basically not enough money , to fix this . 
  the germans in my opinion have sat back and watched this happen . 
  they were also one of the major drivers of this stupid project in the first place.now their position is as loan sharks/debt enslavers . 
  i 'm sorry but i can not see how there can be any other truth but that . 
  yeah i need to go to bed also . 
  well the peacekeeping mission after ww2 lasted a lot longer than 1945 also , i do n't know when us and uk forces finally came out . 
  there are still some us here i believe . 
  as to why i live in germany is another issue but if it helps i also say all this crap to their faces . 
  anyway , i 'm just holding a point of view . 
  what do you think the british and european forces have been doing over there the last however many years . 
  they are helping to build infrastructure and stabilise the region . 
  and i guess we will be paying to maintain this for many years in one way or another . 
  it 's a bit different from reparations i think . 
  yes i do think germany did receive a lot of help from outside . 
  i think you did n't have to pay for your own army for a long time and there was the marshall plan of course but apparently that did n't help that much . 
  you can look at the `` economic miracle '' in many ways , i do n't know much about it . 
  but i do know that other european countries had no such luck with growth and stability and these countries are the very ones struggling now . 
  if we are a real european union we have to help these countries catch up and make up for that lost time ( maybe around 1945-1975 where greece , portugal and spain had totalitarian governments ) . 
  this attitude is what i see lacking in german media now . 
  these countries are not lazy , they just never had the chance to have the infrastructure that germany got . 
   also did you just say germany has been holding back europe for the last century ?!, 
  i would imagine anything that germany has done science , technology or engineering wise still does n't make up for the massive cost of europe tearing itself apart in ww2 . 
  germany had a lot of help to rebuild whilst countries like greece did not . 
  then there is all the political upheaval from the cold war to the israel palestine issue . 
  many things . 
  well , we do n't know what life would be like in another situation . 
   when talking about the government burying its head in the sand , i assume you 're own one at home ... well uk is not in the ez so there is n't that much they can do . 
  they still pay all the bailouts that are ever asked of them . 
  i have sensed since our latest gdp figures were lower than expected that cameron is getting very annoyed with the ez situation . 
  which is significant because he is a europhile . 
  basically the situation needs a resolution fast and that will require germany to do something it does n't want to do . 
  i do n't like how germany is inflicting austerity on everybody else . 
  this situation is incredibly bad , can we at least see that . 
  i mean this is becoming a real emergency ( well it was an emergency before , it 's just a disaster waiting to happen now ) . 
  partly it 's a political problem with so many different countries we end up with a kind of inertia . 
  i do n't want to sit here and watch europe burn . 
  it 's time for germany to do something , the other countries ca n't do anything they 're all broke . 
  germany has benefitted from this union so they should give back something . 
  i do n't think britain was involved with any more genocide than any other colonialist or even any other nations really . 
  of course the spanish with their foreign diseases in south america and the belgians in the congo and this one by [ germany ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/herero_and_namaqua_genocide ) are some of the biggest . 
  if we need to make amends for that then we should do i agree . 
  britain also built infrastructure and tried to hold onto the commonwealth as trade partners for as long as possible . 
  the stigma germans should carry now in my opinion , is a desire to fix europe which they were directly responsible for messing up and holding back in the last century . 
  the government is burying it 's head in the sand . 
  and making demands to send troika inspectors to greece or telling the caretaker prime minister in greece to hold a referendum is insensitive to say the least .
