  goods and everything will have to be cheaper of course and spanish people wo n't be able to have ipods and stuff because they will be too expensive . 
  it 's an internal devaluation by just making people poor rather than letting them break the peg to the euro which is crippling them . 
  i 'm actually being serious , i have seen quoted many times that austerity drives are intended to break the will of the people , but hopefully it does n't ruin the country before then . 
  people will have to be poor for a long , long time before growth occurs . 
  there are many new austerity measures being declared by rajoy today , i ca n't believe how severe they are . 
  with so much less money in circulation how can there be anything other than a major recession . 
  i think there is a need for somehow a debt forgiveness , but then structural problems will still remain . 
  [ we have to lose that sax solo ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzyzvmcgwhg ), 
  i can partially live with closing on a sunday even though i do n't like it . 
  it serves no purpose whatsoever and is built around 1950s style nuclear families . 
  the worst is the shop closing times . 
  they close at 7pm weekdays and 2pm saturdays . 
  i was working 50-60 hour weeks then and it was a big struggle . 
  i think the shops close at 6pm in vienna !, 
  this really has to change , we are not all rich watchmakers with the wife at home doing the shopping . 
  i would have thought that emancipation would be a bit further on since women were already granted the right to vote in switzerland * in the 1970s . 
  that 's because everybody from the uk answered that the earth actually revolves around a cloud . 
  my word where did they find the russian derps that they surveyed . 
   i doubt england and france will be having anything meaningful in a commen global security strategy before china is stationing their blue water navy in the indian ocean and beyond . 
  i find it a little belligerent when people always mention a ` seemingly inevitable ' war with china . 
  if you think uk and france ca n't be collaborative on european defence then i 've no idea what you are thinking . 
  it 's so liberating to do your shopping on a sunday . 
  i was working until the shops closed in the week and typically going out late fridays so i could n't go shopping on saturdays either ( i did like the all night bars in geneva i must admit ) . 
  i was living out of petrol station food a lot . 
  is n't it illegal to mow your garden in switzerland on a sunday , 
  i would n't say it 's particularly dangerous but it 's certainly not extremely safe . 
  i know people who have been robbed at the train station as soon as they enter the country ( that was a japanese student , passport gone etc. ), 
  there are a huge amount of questionable immigrants and some areas with drug problems . 
  ok not unusual but for example berlin where i live now i would say is much safer . 
  it 's not so much i disagree but i would n't say it 's one of the best places to live but it depends on the criteria . 
  little things like i found it very hard to manage work and doing grocery shopping for example as the shops close at 7pm and half days on saturdays when i was too tired to get up and do my weekly shopping . 
  everything is closed on sundays . 
  i know people who complain about vienna because of this also , it does get annoying . 
  bureacracy is very difficult even for french speakers , there are many complicated laws . 
  also things do n't get done very well like if you call an electrician they are probably cowboys ( another bonus for berlin where the people in those jobs are very good imo ) . 
  well they are minor things i guess but the main issue is if you are n't used to the swiss way of life from an early age it is hard to adapt . 
  mainly i just think that these surveys do not have criteria the same as a typical person might . 
  ok i do n't want to say it 's a bad place to live but i ca n't see why it 's better than other european similarly sized/historic cities of which there are many . 
  i was quite young to be living abroad then and my french was n't great and i had to work a lot ( crazy boss ) . 
  so i did n't relax much . 
  i 've never believed these things since i used to live in geneva , and in my opinion it 's a ghetto . 
  now you can downvote me all you want but unless you 've lived there you wo n't know . 
  i fully agree with this guy . 
  [ is n't that a bit like this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mauy1j8kizu ), 
  what the hell are you going on about !, 
   is it smart to not do that and just hope that future decisions will not be against europe 's interests ? 
  why should i trust europe more than china ? 
  i see no argument at all . 
  look at australias gdp per capita expected in 2030 . 
  do they need europe ? 
  this chart is nonsense like expecting the future to be like blade runner or back to the future . 
  i still do n't see a convincing argument . 
  why do n't i see ? 
  i ca n't read the bloody graphics !, 
  all these paranoid supranationalists in the eu . 
  last graph i saw europe had most leaders of innovation and if we do n't buy chinese stuff then china falls apart . 
  the slowing of the world economy in the euro crisis makes this quite clear . 
  add to the fact that a large amount of those people doing science and technology in asia were educated over here , i do n't think they are going to push us into the stone ages ( we are quite good at destroying ourselves over here though ) . 
  all this ` we have to band together to remain a force in the world ' is total nonsense . 
  do british people want an empire ? 
  no we do n't , we are happy with who we are and nothing will change by 2030 . 
  britain is comfortable with it 's position in the world . 
  well this has been happening for a long time now . 
  always some half baked scheme then it gets shot down when everybody is not all in the same room anymore . 
  and i must say , schaeubles name gets mentioned a hell of a lot . 
   what has your country ever done to europe ? 
  you 're joking right ? 
  anyway . . are you greek ? 
  have you seen the pakistani kids sitting in athens ? 
  do they still throw those little rubber things on the floor ? 
  do you think they want to be there ? 
  i hope he does it then rich older uk people will spend their money in uk instead , or spain needs a boost also . 
  if it 's not a crime why do they call it illegal . 
  fuck these hippy leftists . 
  do they think it 's cool that people are trafficked into slave labour , sex trades , or just sitting on street corners taking it in turn to hold a baby and beg for money or sell junk . 
  it 's shit like this europe that 's put you in this position . 
  it does look pretty childish . 
  european politics is particularly pantomime . 
  [ i love this version ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnt7pt6zcca ) by barroso . 
  go on watch it all do n't be miserable . 
  i like the greek one followed by the italian one . 
  they are mostly good except the british one which is crap . 
  however an english one , whether it may be i vow to thee my country , jerusalem , or pomp and circumstance ( land of hope and glory ) , they are all good . 
  my institute would not have any good scientists left . 
  they might as well close it . 
  wow germans are so hardworking ... 
  i 've invested a lot of karma in this subreddit . 
  never read the telegraph finance blog ( especially the comments ) or i fear you will down a bottle of gin , 
  yeah you did  i live in germany . 
  oh wow i did n't know we could get spotify in germany . 
  i wonder if it 's so useful as in other countries though . 
  i do blame gema , i bet they did some restrictions . 
  thanks for letting me know . 
  [ it 's not just me though . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-17341640 )  chris cooke , business editor of the music industry newspaper cmu daily , said that the german royalty collection agency gema was probably responsible for the fact that it had taken spotify until now to make the move ( to germany ) . 
  `` representing germany 's songwriters and publishers , gema is renowned for being the toughest of the royalty collecting agencies , '' he said . 
  god i hate gema . 
  i 've been thinking of buying some albums but i ca n't check out whether i like them because i ca n't listen on youtube and now i ca n't even get simfy with adds for free ( yes we do n't have spotify here ) . 
  it actually reduces the amount of music i buy . 
  gema sucks .
