i 've been thinking about this . 
  what if barroso and juncker are actually ukip plants ? 
  most of you guys were probably in primary school then but i was in germany when poland and eastern europe ( the new eu8 ) joined the eu ( existing eu15 ) , and there were movement of people restrictions on them into germany because they feared that all the cheap labour coming in would mess up the reunification plans . 
  that is why so many poles went to uk . 
   during the first phase , eight of the eu15 countries , including germany , chose to invoke the transitional measures to block the access of central and eastern european migrant workers to their labour markets and to keep pre-existing bilateral agreements in place . 
  austria , italy , the netherlands and portugal did the same but introduced an additional quota system for labour migrants from the eu8 countries . 
  only the united kingdom , ireland and sweden chose to allow eu8 nationals full access to their labour markets . 
  [ source ] ( http://focus-migration.hwwi.de/uploads/tx_wilpubdb/pb04_free_movement.pdf ), 
  i was merely pointing out that he is too blinded by the german 's need to aggressively expand the eu , that he does n't realise that in doing so , gemans - in their eu frenzy - almost managed to achieve exactly that which the eu was supposed to stop the germans from doing in the first place . 
  that 's nice coming from a german . 
  well dangling the carrot of the eu over ukraine backfired and brought us closer to mass conflict in europe since the fall of the berlin wall . 
  but hey , we keep being told that the eu prevents britain from nuking france ( because trust me we reaallly want to ) , so we should believe it . 
  chill dude , i 'm right ( brit was used as a derogatory term ) . 
  maybe its not in fashion nowadays , anyway like i said , uk people are n't offended by that, 
  but in germany brit has negative connatations , related to drunken behaviour and so on . 
  my german friend told me that and i was a bit surprised because in uk we call ourselves brits . 
  ( i live in germany by the way ) i do n't care if you call us island monkeys , it 's all good banter . 
  german people think it 's offensive to call british people brits . 
  lol , what else are you supposed to call me ( do n't answer that ) . 
  i do n't know about switzerlands position on erasmus but i would say that it is not in uks interest to restrict erasmus students . 
  i would be against that . 
  now i do n't think the idea of the points system is to restrict people with a tertiary education . 
  such things exist already from outside eu . 
  i live in germany and there are many people who come here , study , do a phd or do a masters then work for a couple of years , then they get residency permit . 
  movement of people can still exist but it should n't be totally open , because we do n't have the resources to police that . 
  / r/europe is a massive circlejerk , it 's gotten even worse since i spent 1000s of karma here in the economic crisis days . 
  a points system , which allows the free movement of students . 
  why are you overreacting . 
  there were foreign students in uk long before the eu . 
  if you have a legitimate business that is going to profit then of course you are welcome in uk , you would have been welcome even before the eu . 
  it 's not like british people want to kick out all migrants , they want a sensible system . 
  crazy / r/europe downvoting the americans . 
  i have been to a college basketball game and it had atmosphere like that shown in the video . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  i went to a college basketball pregame rally ( i had to leave us before the game ) , and the atmosphere was not so different from this video . 
  turkish barbers are pretty good . 
  turkish tea . 
  b\u00f6reks ( although i prefer the greek style pies ) . 
  the girl from the local shop ( and rest of her family to be fair ) . . 
  i live in a turkish area . 
  i think you missed the sarcasm part , sorry . 
  should have emphasised the poor german part . 
  not sure if this is a responsible thing to do when we owe poor france and germany 1.5 billion in a months time . 
  if ukip gets the same swing that they did in 2 recent byelections in uk , they will win the next general election by a land slide !, 
  people will be more considered by the ge though obviously . 
  is it me or is that woman aiming directly for them ? 
  dark green ? 
  yeah but we 're repressing the fuck out of scotland and because he 's a yank he 's probably irish aswell as italian . 
  there may be some other ethnicities that get involved with the gangs just by being friends from the same community but the majority seem to be pakistanis . 
  i think it 's a social trend thing , the guys i saw grooming girls were using multiple associates via facebook joking and flirting and creating drama with the girls , always orchestrating it between themselves to keep them hooked . 
  it 's like a sport i think , which is why it goes beyond just wanting to get a girl drunk to take advantage . 
  it 's mainly pakistani muslims , although it 's cultural more than religious . 
  i guess most of them are not very devout muslims . 
  i know and have seen pakistani grooming in action and it 's disgusting . 
  it 's not as big as this but there 's a cave in santorini near white beach that does this . 
  it 's a wonderful feeling . 
  bradford , leicester , east london , birmingham . 
  pretty much the rest of the country is secular . 
  edit : seems like some people might be confused by the bible part in bible belt . 
  i 'm referring to religious , conservative , and backwards . 
  i think that in these areas there is a higher proportion of people that identify with religion ( islam , maybe sikh and hindu ) becasue honestly , less than 1 % of ` christians ' i know actually care about religion . 
  i 'm just joking man , i 'm no sjw . 
  unless something is done in the next 10 years to reform such radicals in our society then i do n't see any alternative to the far-right taking over . 
  so , it 's a good idea to find a moderate solution very soon . 
  they should at least be made to wear a crescent shaped badge on their clothes so that they can be identified as potential troublemakers . 
  i live in berlin , and i know the refugee situation , i was in the ohlauer strasse school sometimes before they started killing each other ( which is why the police were so urgent to evict them ) , i know what went off at oranienplatz . 
  what 's your experience , maybe i 'm overreacting . 
  come on man , are you seriously telling me this was done by anybody other than islamic activists or related ( anti-fa , proasyl far left groups ) . 
  they have a history of damaging chuches , not long back they invaded st thomas church looking for refuge but damaged it so had to move on . 
  who would you say it was , random drunks ? 
  if you look at potential motives and precedent and the current situation in berlin you would have to only think this was done by muslims , probably illegal immigrants/refugees . 
  why would the far right burn a coptic church with no provocation ? 
  on the other hand we have a large influx of people in berlin from egypt or neighbouring countries where there is a conflict between different groups , including the coptic christians . 
  obviously done by a muslim for sectarian reasons . 
  wtf they are 27m tall !, 
  dismembered heads are pretty horrific . 
  but i guess you 're desensitised , are you slitting the throats of any camels today ? 
  i agree with you on labour but you have no idea about the uk . 
  strictly not . 
  germany was created after ww2 . 
  german does n't equal germany . 
  i think the halberds fire laser beams . 
  germany did n't do that , the 3rd reich did . 
  well they come as illegal immigrants or asylum seekers which burn their passports so they ca n't be deported back . 
  there 's like a vast trafficking ring going on on the borders of europe . 
  most european countries vow to take on huge amounts of refugees , but will these people go back to their countries when they are safe ( these countries will not be getting safer in the next 20 years at least anyway ) . 
  there is a huge influx of afghans . 
  there is a huge influx of kurds and other middle easterners/syrians . 
  much more than the amount of romas , so i do n't know why people are burying their heads in the sand in other comments here . 
  ( although afghans and kurds look like roma ) . 
  there is also a huge influx of east africans such as eritreans and somalis but you wouldnt mix them up as middle eastern . 
  kurds like to beg on the street , go to turkey you will see . 
  maybe they come from there slowly . 
  border control is non existent pretty much . 
  ironic is n't it ? 
  by the way i did n't throw the molotov ... edit : ok so you seem to be rather naive on the situation in big european cities i can tell you that the only people with current motives to throw a molotov at the reichstag in what is called a ` political attack ' , are the antifascists/proasylum nutjobs . 
  and they do this sort of crime very often . 
  i 'm pretty certain it must be one of these groups . 
  either an illegal immigrant or sympathiser . 
  in the same issue of thelocal.de you have stories of a large berlin squat house being razed due to disputes between immigrants there , and also the throwing of a molotov cocktail at the reichstag this morning .
