   it seems to me that there should have been specific plans for this that included regulations that would have prevented greece , spain , etc. 
  from getting this deep into their respective financial messes . 
  could n't agree more . 
  there 's a shit ton of money designing lipstick , it 's not degrading in my opinion . 
  there 's a pretty big chemical rnd sector for that and cosmetics for example in switzerland . 
  i do n't see what 's offensive there except i ca n't figure out who it 's aimed at - teenage girls ? 
  it could be worse i suppose . 
  i was a bit sarcastic but still there 's a big difference between having a business relationship and then playing squash together on a friday evening . 
  even if it 's not intentional . 
   the day when the bank of england could n't manage this anymore is known as black wednesday . 
  really !, 
  i would never have known . 
  i bet they never have lunch together ... 
  i was pretty shocked when i first moved to germany just how cheap everything is and how much people hate paying more for things . 
  prices have gone up , but i know a few people who are worried of rising accommodation prices . 
  to be fair , german salaries are n't that high so i think it 's legitimate in a very slight way . 
  still i think in the west people can generally expect to pay 1/3 of their salary on accommodation something like that ?? 
  i think it 's still less in germany , it 's maybe up to 1/2 salary in geneva where i lived before . 
  merkel might get a bit booed tonight . 
  if european parliament was like this even i as a eurosceptic would vote for it . 
  well we have got farage/schultz drama i suppose . 
  wow some big banks there . 
  actually you have a point , without sarkozy they probably would n't have come up with those silly ideas 6 months ago . 
  ironically , the germans will struggle to ratify the fiskalpakt . 
  you play cricket and darts . 
  you are more than welcome to join us . 
  we wo n't survive if half of europes talent base are growing up in ghettos , i 'd rather think . 
  money is not a big issue but more equality . 
  you say economics is not an exact science and it 's true that there is a philosophical aspect . 
  most of us could all afford to be a little poorer materially . 
  that 's true . 
  spain and greece could start exporting more . 
  oh wait , no they ca n't because the euro is overvalued for them . 
  unfortunately these countries were n't propped up by the west for several decades so they are lacking in infrastructure . 
  that escalated pretty fast . 
  i thought the same but then realised that as miners they must be pretty handy with dangerous shit . 
  i 'm sorry that a lot of europeans especially here make jokes about americans . 
  it 's because they are insecure and too proud to admit that we would n't exist without your help . 
  it 's sad that you had to make the title like you did . 
  [ ambrose evans-pritchards glorious take on the subject . 
  ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/finance/ambroseevans-pritchard/100018046/mr-barroso-europes-crisis-has-nothing-to-do-with-america/ ) in all seriousness , saying this type of stuff is not good for europes image . 
  in my early 30s i feel concerned for the age group around 15-25 because they are inheriting a poor labour market . 
  i was in the last year to get a student grant etc. 
  that said , i think they should stand up more for themselves and make themselves heard . 
  more activism and more protests . 
  although i 'm not that type , i think the younger generation deserve better . 
  youngsters are incredibly talented imo , but they are just accepting whatever life throws at them . 
  flawless logic is using austerity during economic depressions , well , more like backwards logic but anyway . 
  it 's not a question of greece blowing money , the systemic problems of the ez have turned the south into bottomless pits . 
  it would actually be in germanys best interest to get out of the euro whilst the going is still good from the analysts i have seen . 
  no i did my phd already some time ago now i work in a research institute . 
  here we just have massive backlogs so it actually takes the phds much longer than it should to finish . 
  it 's very stressful all round . 
  there are plenty of german people who work like that also . 
  and the bureaucracy where i work is equally terrible . 
  in fact lets be honest , the whole of europe ( including uk ) is pretty workshy . 
  ps the reason i am on reddit all day is because for every 5 mins i do real work i have to wait maybe 2 hours for secretaries to do anything . 
  i agree that europe has had to look at a whole new set of challenges in the last 20 years , from globalisation for the most part . 
  but the euro has been badly managed , and the last 4 years ` the merkozy era ' , has been just an unmitigated disaster . 
  by the way its over , italy are talking about bailouts now . 
  get germany out of the euro . 
  or devise some democratic method so that the southern states can stand up for themselves . 
  i 'm sure there are enough suffering countries in ez to call a vote of no confidence over the whole unbreakable german hegemony . 
  even spain and italy together is getting quite large and france will be in the same shoes next . 
  at the moment they keep asking germany for concessions and getting none . 
  time to stand up for yourselves . 
  i think that it 's very relevant . 
  stop sweeping things under the carpet . 
  as far as i can see what is happening in europe now is very similar to what has happened in the past before the wars . 
  the whole eec was a result of ww2 and apparently the euro was forced on germany post unification to stop them aggressively expanding their economy * again * . 
  of course this is relevant , how could it not be ? 
  i am asking you a very simple question . 
  this generation of germans and europeans like nothing other than to bury their head in the sand . 
  yes i am getting more and more crazy that 's true . 
  the first time i went to germany as a phd student going to a conference we visited a well known publishing house that showed us the history of their company . 
  i was absolutely shocked when they started going on about an ` economic miracle ' . 
  it was the first time i had ever heard of it mentioned in a german-centric way . 
  i 'm sorry but i think this mindset which has developed in germany and is propogated even today is very very wrong . 
  that 's why merkel drives me absolutely mad . 
  it might be something to do with how the continent twice dragged us into a devastating war we did n't want to be part of . 
  i thought it was some kind of eu regulation which then other countries made concessions on . 
  i think spain should have had a strict ban like uk i remember an old colleague told me . 
  i 've also seen the rules get much more relaxed here in germany whether they changed the law or just people stopped caring . 
  i think in these cases despite what people think , uk always enforces these types of laws very rigidly . 
  before that i lived in geneva , where people smoke everywhere !, 
  edit : i just did search around and apparently it 's well known that everybody breaks the smoking ban laws in germany . 
  i 'm not sure if these are eu regulations or not but certainly eu have been asking for it for a long time . 
  well with tony blair , when brussels said jump blair asked `` how high ? '', 
  i 'm quite proud to find that i share opinions with boris . 
  i 'd love to get lathered in a smoky pub bemoaning all the worlds ills with that fop . 
  that would have to be on the continent then , uk adheres to eu regulations too rigidly . 
  do n't know . 
  heil have to check . 
  what do you mean , i do nazi any similarities . 
  listening to franz ferdinand could cause homicidal tendencies that 's true . 
  recently berlusconi stated that this would be his approach to dealing with italys deficit . 
  i 'm not sure if he was just ` politically trolling ' or not . 
  germans certainly like to get naked . 
  yes , presumably pasok and syriza could not form a coalition themselves without engaging the extremists . 
  i 've read that pasok will not join unless syriza also join .
