  ok , gbr also had shell suits but they looked better with gold foil elbow pads and collars . 
  pink floyd and cauldron made it . 
  well it could occur naturally if the mark rises . 
  basically , spain has to start making its own vacuum cleaners instead of germany . 
  we need to reverse the trend of the last 5 ~ 10 years which has seen german productivity absolutely eclipse the rest of the ez . 
  just to qualify , i think that penal reforms should be made to the exploiters , and who are they . 
  i make my money in germany . 
  if they need to sack me i would accept that no problem , as long as it means that europe can recover . 
  it 's not fair what 's happening . 
  absolutely . 
  also maybe a partial trade embargo on them from the remaining ez countries until the economies have converged . 
  i know that sounds drastic but it would solve things faster . 
  actually this is basically what eurobonds etc would lead to but of course germany will not give up their monopoly position . 
  yes but i work with german administration things and i do n't trust them ** at all ** . 
  i 'm not trolling for the sake of it . 
  let 's look at the last eu summit meeting . 
  merkel agreed to direct capitalisation of banks which was instantly blocked back home . 
  after forcing esm on ireland for example the germans do n't ratify it themselves . 
  sinc then 10 yr bonds in spain have gone up nearly 2 pc . 
  this because the markets ca n't trust europe anymore at all . 
  multiple times german policies have created massive problems . 
  i 'm sure that a british hegemon would be more fair , i 'm absolutely sure . 
  i also suspect that even so , the europeans deserve what is coming to them . 
  the blind leading the blind . 
  this is my point . 
  they are n't trying to help at all . 
  you are fucked . 
  so they will pull themselves out of the euro ? 
  that 's the only good they can do . 
  germany saying they will help is some kind of stockholm syndrome shit . 
  you know i 've been right all along angry german kids . 
  i think there are some genuine concerns for hyperinflation due to bank runs . 
  money pouring into greece for example will not stay there . 
  when they start printing it 's an admission that the whole thing is a pyramid scheme . 
  capital controls are required for qe i think . 
  it 's unsolvable the whole problem is n't it ? 
  the north just hold on long enough to protect themselves when the collapse comes . 
  there is no final solution that is less drastic than the last time * they * tried one . 
  for some reason 35 in germany feels like 30 in uk . 
  i 'm back in uk on holiday from germany where i live , and for the first time in years , i have sunburn . 
  the way that phd students are treated where i work is terrible . 
  i ca n't stand it really . 
  i 'm not one myself i am a junior prof but my students are no good to me if they have a nervous breakdown . 
  to be honest i feel lost because i do n't want to conduct my career in this environment . 
  i also do n't know how to investigate taking legal proceedings vs employers in germany . 
  if british profs behaved like they do here in uk they would be on tribunal , i am in no doubt . 
  it 's a different world . 
  if these types are handling the euro crisis i see only a disaster . 
  something similar . 
  i should n't say too much really lol . 
  it would n't surprise me if several areas of max planck institutes are technically run inappropriately on a very bad level . 
  i 've heard some really bad things from there . 
  well i do moan a lot . 
  i also have many friends from mainland europe , in fact i do n't know many british people any longer . 
  the problem is that people do n't help each other . 
  my former professor did a postdoc in uk and he would love to bring in this tradition where everybody goes to the pub on friday afternoon , but this will never work in germany he says . 
  people do n't care about each other , socially things are backwards here ( at least in my opinion ) . 
  i do n't like to say this but for me it 's quite clear . 
  miserable people living their private lives and scrounging as much for themselves as they can . 
  personally i have been mobbed and attacked at work for the last 3 years by incompetent and jealous peers . 
  they have been sacked now but i should sue , rather i do n't know how . 
  that 's the problem , there 's nothing in place to do that here . 
  things are just backwards like i say . 
  it 's always been like this and that is how your typical eurosceptic brit sees europe . 
  and to be totally honest this is a view i can only confirm . 
  i 'm british living in germany . 
  my workplace is full of grossly incompetent people and it 's a social/cultural vacuum . 
  i grew up in a country where people are fair and they help each other and things work ( admittedly not public transport but anyway ) . 
  previously i lived in switzerland and it was probably even worse . 
  i 'm quite convinced that the mainland is full of incompetent people , that is controversial to say but that is all i have observed to be quite honest . 
  yes it could well be worse than 2008 , in some places it already is a lot worse . 
  it is a long period of insecurity . 
   the troika originally said that greece ' economy would contract by 2.6 pc in 2010 under the austerity regime , before recovering with growth of 1.1 pc in 2011 , and 2.1 pc in 2012 . 
  i knew this was rubbish in 2010 and the idiots are still making those overpositive predictions for eurolalaland now . 
  wake up sheeple it 's the fucking ministry for truth like in 1984 . 
  are n't the recession in 2008 and the current one interlinked ? 
  it never really stopped did it ? 
  it makes it so i decided to stick in a job i hate in a country i despise , i think it does make a difference for me ( well i like the job i just do n't like the people i work with and i do n't like living abroad , because now i work in euroland and to be honest i do n't like europeans , never have ) . 
  variations on an original meme ? 
  this was always going to happen . 
  europe is like a cheating ex who you keep taking back after they promise to change but in fact they 're just taking you for a complete idiot . 
  but you 'll keep going back because you 've got no self respect . 
  if we 're honest africa has been being screwed by europe for centuries and even the imf ca n't reverse that . 
  in principle i agree , europe should pull it 's socks up . 
  by german standards that 's probably a very funny joke . 
  i can imagine the braindeads i work with walking around expressing just how hilarious that is . 
  add to the fact that germany is the eception to it 's own rule as a not fully protestant state anyway , and with the more catholic south paying money to the more protestant north . 
  i do n't think the author expects to be taken seriously . 
  there 's a definite correlation but no means of causation . 
  it shows at most that old borders on socioeconomic issues exist and have developed over centuries . 
  not that this should matter nowadays but there are some cultural differences etc. 
  the main causation though is just lack of investment in the south and ireland basically since the industrial revolution . 
  i 've never seen a proper report on this so i think it 's a great idea but i do n't see why hague would not let his eurosceptic routes show through a bit . 
  i would n't expect a neutral analysis . 
  but we need more of this . 
  all sorts of things really , they 're all related i suppose . 
  there 's been no cohesive strategy and it 's led to a tricky position in many ways . 
  not a good idea to do that whilst half the states are struggling . 
  but eventually it would be great if they are strong on democratic proceedings . 
  whilst i actually do n't know what these publishing companies do with all their money it is not my impression that they are making a fortune .
