  this will happen . 
  the bigger they are the harder they fall . 
  do n't speak too soon about your amazing german way with money . 
  wow it 's bad now . 
  imagine how bad things would be without germany . 
  nice work . 
  i never had a problem with the caricatures , but even singling out these countries as some kind of agressive competitor is completely anti to what i believed the eu was . 
  especially given our history . 
  being incompetent is n't a crime as far as i know . 
  we can vote in and out politicians of our own will , so the responsibility is collective . 
  of course we are seeing some breakdowns in democracy in the eu which could be becoming criminal . 
  actually i think it 's even more ludicrous when you try to rationalise it . 
  the others are representatives of external challenges to europe from the brics , black brazilian capoiera dude , chinese kung fu dude , and indian snake charmer dude . 
  and then i guess it means we are supposed to embrace them and all be happy together . 
  or we should multiply and enslave them . 
  not sure . 
  ca n't wait for some bleeding heart hippie to come here and try to explain it . 
  its a mixture of tekken and token ( woman , asian , arabic , black ), 
  i think there are also quite a few that are sympathetic to the greek situation . 
  maybe in the majority actually on these boards . 
  there was a popular thread on the greek perspective recently . 
  i agree that the very open xenophobic comments are frustrating to read but i notice they are all quite similar and easy to ignore . 
  then there are neutrals who make informed posts . 
  i think it 's not that bad really . 
  i think they were just upvoting him for being so brave . 
  agreed . 
  it 's too late to point the finger now and i doubt anybody planned for things to turn out like this . 
  thanks to the greek redditors for giving their impressions of the situation . 
  i feel there is not enough coverage of this in the main media , or maybe not enough explanation of what the motives and goals are of the parties involved . 
  it remains to be seen what effect these austerity measures might have and if the struggling ez countries can pull out of this then europe will be in a much stronger position with a real sense of solidarity . 
  however these greeks on the street are most likely getting active because the eu does not seem to have a workable plan and democracy has pretty much been taken away . 
  we have a puppet government and any mps who do n't vote in favour of the eu machine are dispelled . 
  the eu parliament , i do n't even know who is calling the shots there , are starting to look even more menacing . 
  was n't he installed as a yes man ? 
  so what else do you expect him to say ? 
  as they say , it 's never dull . 
  i 'm not sure blaming governments is the right thing to do . 
  countries such as greece portugal and spain have relatively recently emerged from politically unstable regimes in the 70s . 
  i do n't know the history but it could be a reason that they have n't got their house in such good order as some of the northern eu countires . 
  you can say that germany restructured itself by hard work and so on but they also had a lot of goodwill from the west . 
  other eastern european countries had it terrible during soviet era of course but they seem to be benefiting from the new union . 
  so we have regions with better infrastructure than others for historical reasons , and now the strain is showing when they all have to meet the same targets . 
  it 's more circumstance than mismangement i would say , i do n't believe one could argue that greek politicians are inherently corrupt . 
   if greece left the euro and went back to the drachma , their currency could lose anywhere between 1/2 or 3/4 of its value overnight . 
  well it was always like this before . 
  things were also much cheaper in greece . 
  now you go on holiday to greece and you pay more for a coffee than you do in berlin . 
  which is not good for the tourist trade or exports . 
  at least with their own currency they can attempt to grow that devalued economy . 
  now their only prospect is very deep recession until maybe there is nothing left to hold on to . 
  i 'm not saying they should n't stay in the euro , but there is the issue of deciding which is the lesser of 2 evils . 
  well maybe they do n't get a choice anyway, 
  so they will agree to the deals and make austerity cuts ? 
  i saw something like 150,000 public sector jobs will be cut before 2015 , and minimum wage drops 20 % etc. 
  will the greek population settle for that ? 
  it 's really tough whatever happens , really bad circumstances the greeks find themselves in . 
  well the previous greek head of state wanted to allow the population a chance to vote on an orderly default and look where that got him . 
  i do n't see how we can throw all the blame on greece here . 
  uk really i would say . 
  doing business in a foreign language might be a problem although day to day life is no problem . 
  i 've lived in uk , switzerland/france , and germany and beaurocracy in a foreign language really can make you feel isolated and cold . 
  the most sociable people were from uk though on visits to scandinavia i have found them to have a similar approach to society ( i.e. 
  you actually see people laughing on public transport :p ), 
  that is scary when you think in spain ( e.g. ), 
  there are more active areas where employment is better and then obviously to average it out whole regions of the country have much higher unemployment . 
  there must be towns of 80 % plus youth unemployment i guess . 
  it does n't matter what the eu achieves , it is not worth losing a generation of talent due to lack of aspirations . 
  we will all pay for this for a lifetime . 
  she looks like she 's dancing saturday night fever style to me . 
  bbc , that last bastion of great british jingoism lol . 
  this ross seems to be very anti-tory and this article is dripping with political agenda . 
  it is basically a british political issue , funny it brings out some of the true side of our european friends commenting in this thread , even when it does n't concern them at all . 
  well it is still ranked better than a lot of ez nations so it 's not that bad i guess but i agree yes , this looks demoralising . 
  no they havent from what i 've read . 
  france is quite behind on updating ( which may be undertsandable due to the size of their industry ) . 
  i hope they regulate this properly . 
  so are we all breaking up into discrete regions ( scotland , catalonia , northern italy , bavaria etc. ), 
  or are we all merging into a supertstate . 
  this article confuses this issue greatly . 
  i had a wonderful time in athens about 2 years ago . 
  there was rioting then , but it 's maybe worse now . 
  it 's a pity , but greece is otherwise so wonderful . 
  amsterdam to berlin seems a very good plan . 
  you wo n't have so much time but close to berlin you have options for austria ( vienna ) by plane is 1 hour , or you can drive to poland or czech republic in decent time . 
  maybe munich also . 
  you could maybe check out denmark and hamburg if you are planning to drive from amsterdam to berlin . 
  oh aachen is nice too , lot of little bars there actually and the aachen cathedral is very impressive . 
  if you want to party hamburg and berlin are kind of legendary . 
  around berlin for nightlife i always direct people to oranienberger strasse/oranienberger tor area . 
  there are so many other places but this district is easiest to navigate around at least for people who just arrived . 
  be careful what you are talking about when it comes to germany and economic history . 
  germanys mercantilistic practises helped the destabilization of europe prior to ww1 and after that the massive hyperinflation that was used as a tool for propoganda leading to ww2 . 
  west germany then showed the world how to industrialize but remember that for much of this time west germany was in some ways an occupied allied state . 
  fast forward to the start of the euro and lets see how history will judge this period in a few years time . 
  there has been spectacular financial mismanagement in germanys past 100 years . 
  seems that germans definitely have a different culture when it comes to money . 
  they are probably so attached to whatever systems they used to grow out of the devastation of ww2 and become super prosperous . 
  that is what in germany is described as the economic miracle ; the miracle being that i do n't think anybody really knows how it happened . 
  the question then is , what kind of mess would be in now if there was never the euro ? 
  better off or worse off ?
