  does this mean boris johnson is already starting to bring about world peace ? 
  they said something like ` quick run this way , he 's coming over here ' . 
  i do n't think he followed the group with the cameraman though . 
  he 's probably just watched billy elliot . 
   but employees going on strike every 2 weeks and drunkenly chanting `` i 'd rather be a picket than a scab '' outside factory gates when was this ? 
  does paris really want a million posh wankers that ca n't speak french moving in to work in finance ? 
  maybe romanians should stop being criminals then ? 
  slav lives matter, 
  it 's cherry picked from the police report and overemphasised ; then they think they can justify it by air quotes . 
  the bbc have an obsession with writing bullshit and putting exclamation remarks around it , it 's getting really obvious now . 
  the guy on the video says `` how crazy is that guy ? '', 
  and `` quick run over here guys '' the voice you hear is n't the shooter , it 's the guy with the camera phone 100 m away . 
  i do n't know why this video does n't seem like a terrorist attack , there 's no evidence against that . 
  unlike all the other continents that are full of pacifists you mean . 
  this is an example of exactly the kind of rubbish expertism we in the uk are getting sick of . 
  it 's reported in the bbc as economy plunging but it 's just a partial survey on market sentiments . 
  it 's a guide but not worth a sensational bbc frontpage story . 
  they even link in there ` look how the # reacted ' for instance but it 's been fluctuating the same day by day since it 's main drop . 
  wait until official gdp results are out and then we can appraise them , and even if there is a contraction it is n't enough to cause a panic . 
  that 's right , you need more europe !, 
  i 'm starting to understand why dictators put journalists and photographers in prison camps . 
  that 's nice of her . 
  this is a nice bonus . 
  we stand together with our neighbour france , or what is left of it . 
  `` experts '' ( just some context , some prominent brexiteers took a stance denouncing expertism and now it 's become a bit of a meme . ), 
  paris is the beirut of europe . 
  i 'm not talking about extermination . 
  i mean removal of germany as a political and clerical entity . 
  it only existed since the late 1800s anyway . 
  there were many options we could have taken with germany and it looks like we made the wrong one . 
  racism ? 
  i really like the german race , if only i could find one in a forest abandoned as a child . 
  anything older than that is already ruined by the bullshit they learn in school and how they are brought up as super special snowflakes . 
  seriously guys have you spent any amount of time in germany , it 's in a disgusting place now . 
  it needs to be said otherwise there will be trouble . 
  the eu is in serious existential crisis now , i 'm taking my down votes and fucking off on my sane island but i 'll just give you a warning before i go . 
  your ideology is poisonous . 
  he 's probably spent some bad time in germany like the other millions of southern europeans that have been economically displaced to prop up german industry . 
  you however sound like a neck beard that is relying on getting on a muh erasmus to get laid because you think being foreign makes you special and multikulti . 
  i think the problem is we allowed germany to persist as a country but stripped them of all their dignity to self-determine . 
  germany as it is has precisely zero cultural output to the world except ` we need diversity , we must never be proud of our nation , we have no native culture etc. ' . 
  i agree and i 've said it before , it was a mistake to allow germany to exist after they themselves tried to eradicate the identity of their neighbouring countries . 
  do n't blame me i voted leave . 
  i think boris 's family and roots would be opposed to the erdogan regime and what it 's done to turkey . 
  i think they 've already had enough eu ` education ' thanks . 
  that 's a bit strange because he is part turkish himself and he loves turkey . 
  we have this problem every time we fill in a form online asking for nationality . 
  i do n't know what news you are getting in germany ( looking from all the reactions in this post ) . 
  david davis is a legend and boris is quite capable you can be assured of that . 
   for instance , there is a german company called bosch which most people in the uk have n't heard of . 
  everyone in the uk knows who bosch are . 
  i think france should have let us grow crops on all their land seeing as we do n't have any . 
  how mercantilist and backwards for countries to make use of their own natural resources . 
  do n't ask me i voted ukip . 
  i worked in germany , in stem cell research no less ( which is why this pisses me off so much ) . 
  it 's not the utopia people might think it is . 
  and anybody that thinks that because they are producing some academic papers on some obscure aspect of tissue generation they are somehow vitally important is a self entitled prick . 
  and as if i 'm going to walk over a cliff because this guy has gone somewhere else . 
  what an overemotional embarrassment of an individual . 
  glad to be rid of these people . 
  because there are fuck all jobs in spain ? 
  i 'll be sure to bear that in mind the next time i have cancer . 
  what a passive aggressive fucking pansy . 
  this has got a definite slaughterhouse 5 vibe behind it . 
  post-traumatic stress at cataclysmic events in europe , alcoholism and aliens . 
  it 's already a word , used quite often lately . 
  good try though . 
  get in lads . 
  it 's a way to piss off english people and attention whore , that 's enough . 
  so childish , beyond a meme at this point . 
  if you do n't the mi5 will just intercept them and erase the message , replacing it with love bombs and offers to invite their family members over . 
  as a british leave voter in a 71 % leave area i agree completely . 
  i lived in berlin for years also until recently , you got problems there germany . 
  what 's up mate , scared you 'll get conscripted ? 
   and when is the next election for the head of state ? 
  god decides this in our interest . 
  where i came from voted 71 % out and the public generally were well informed and it 's all we discussed at work etc. 
  for months . 
  this video is a bit sensational , more poverty porn than reality . 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) \u256f \u2572 ___ 287.356 $ do n't mind me , just taking my money for a walk . 
   the stupidity on display here is just mind-boggling ... 
  jokes on you , we do n't make anything . 
  considering france 's army and germany 's army i do n't think that would work out very well for you ( although we might give you a hand ) . 
  shit stirring . 
   which eu country has done that ? 
  germany , when poland joined . 
  you have to show your passport to get into schengen from the uk but once inside it 's border free . 
  i think technically there are spot-checks at borders on the trains etc. 
  but if you look european then they 'll just ignore you most of the time . 
  do n't speak with an american accent when they 're around if you do n't feel like digging your passport out . 
  i left . 
  it was a link to the local newspaper online . 
  probably appeared in print this week or will do next week . 
  for sure there will be another vote or something like that if we vote leave . 
  it wo n't be as clean as just leaving . 
  do n't worry if we vote to leave and they do n't respect it they might find themselves as being part of a new art project exploring human lamp post decorations . 
  near edwinstowe , i read it in the chad online after somebody posted it on facebook . 
  where i am come from the people are already quite eurosceptic because it is a low income area with many migrant workers so there 's all that stealing our jobs , keeping our wages down , ca n't get into the doctors or primary school rhetoric . 
  but still , until recently , most people would be in favour of staying in . 
  but things like this really are like the straw that broke the camel 's back .
