  we are in a completely different situation . 
  and this is yet another reason why the nordics should leave the eu and found a nordic union as on simple things as this we 're already miles away from each other . 
  the estonian president toomas hendrik ilves said it well yesterday during his visit to finland : it is ironic how they who are far removed from russia are the ones screaming the loudest for sanctions etc. 
  and i completely agree with him . 
   why would they be upset at you joining nato ? 
  well if you have to ask that question you 're clearly not informed enough to debate the issue . 
  for starters you could watch the video this tread is about and it will rain reasons to why russia would not want sweden nor finland in nato . 
  well we are superior when it comes to human rights so i do n't see what your problem is . 
  if no one is better , there is nothing to strive for . 
   and ignore everything that would n't support your argument ? 
  how silly is that ? 
  i 'm not ignoring anything . 
  i 'm just saying that since the fall of the ussr we have had good relations with russia . 
  nothing more and nothing less . 
  i do n't need to remove anything to support my argument as the facts support them . 
  the ussr does n't exist anymore hence it 's irrelevant in the discussion of todays finnish political landscape as the relationship we have with russia is completely different to the relationship we had with the ussr . 
   nato is not an offensive alliance . 
  even if every other nato state would decide to invade russia you can still decline . 
  it 's not a question about nato being an offensive alliance or not . 
  it is still a huge deal for russia . 
  russia has explicitly stated this many times , so what is it you 're trying to say ? 
  because what i 'm saying is , that we do not need to join nato and russia is n't a threat to us and that it would not make any sense on any plane for russia to get on bad terms with finland as well . 
  if finland joins nato the only thing we get out of it is a pissed of russia and why would we want to piss them off when we 're finally on good terms with them ? 
  well equipment is the main thing you fight a war with and men . 
  saying anything else is just not particularly smart . 
  the % of gdp is pointless if you spend more but still have fewer troops it means your wasting your monetary resources on something that does not go to defence . 
  if the amount of troops and equipment did n't matter , why does the us have the highest number in the world of almost all military equipment ? 
  same with france , which has a shit ton of tanks and artillery so your argument is completely and utterly flawed . 
  it 's not at all hard . 
  quite obvious when someone has drug or alcohol problems to the level that they can not take care of themselves . 
  banning alcohol etc. 
  is not a solution . 
  finland alone has the second most artillery pieces in europe only surpassed by france . 
  the total manpower with active and reserve troops in finland is 388,700 men . 
  the same number for say the netherlands is 67,641 men . 
  so not only would finland be a strategically very important for nato they 'd also bring more manpower to the game in europe . 
  at the moment the five biggest troop counts in the eu are held by : 1 . 
  greece 461,600 men 2 . 
  france 413,469 men 3 . 
  finland 388,700 men 4 . 
  uk 387,570 men 5 . 
  germany 326,927 men source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_number_of_military_and_paramilitary_personnel so you can see that strategically just finland would bring a lot to the table . 
  that is true . 
  but even if russia were to invade finland would be a very costly war for them . 
  not only is our finnish infrastructure built around this scenario , but we still do have a fairly big defence force . 
  we could most likely not stop the russians but it would be a bloody war and i do not think the finnish mentality would let anyone control them . 
  and controlling the region is key for any invasion so it would takes years upon years for russia to establish any form of control here . 
  russia knows this . 
  hell anyone with any understanding of military strategy knows this . 
  we 're not a threat to them either . 
  as i said before we 're probably the best neighbour they have . 
  just look at the map and see what countries border them and what their relationship is with russia . 
  every other country bordering russia is either a dictatorship , hates russia to the core , rebellious , broke , at war internally or externally or threats them in one way or another . 
  add to that that finland is located close to the russian political epicentre . 
  attacking finland would not only be political suicide for russia , it would make absolutely no sense what so ever . 
  we are practically their gate to the west without being dicks about it . 
  just look at the trade flows of international trade that go through finnish ports to russia as western companies do n't trust russian ports . 
  just such a little thing tells a lot how in many ways russia is dependent on finland as well as we 're dependent on them . 
  we are superior to saudi arabia where women are n't even allowed to drive cars . 
  what i am saying is that saudi arabia really should do something . 
  in europe the gay rights are already in such a good shape compared to most of the world that it for the moment can and should take a back seat . 
   that all of you freeloading commies should up your military expenditure by 400 % . 
   i would not mind an increased military budget for finland however . 
  so please come over and tell our politicians this . 
  i do not want finland to join nato . 
  if we look at the modern times ( after the fall of the ussr ) finland has had good relations with russia and i do not see russia as a threat to finland . 
  i honestly do n't see any reason for russia to mess with us . 
  we 're one of the only neighbours they have that does n't actively annoy them in one form or another or have a ussr `` history '' with them . 
  we 're not dependant on russian gas , we do n't need it . 
  of our whole energy production only 10 % comes from gas . 
  yes we do import all of these 10 % from russia but we do n't need it . 
  we use it as it is cheap but our power plants that use natural gas are adapted to switch to alternative fuels in a moments notice . 
  furthermore these plants mainly function as back up plants . 
  so we do n't live under any threat of russia bullying us through our energy needs . 
  we do however export a lot to russia . 
  these trade relations are important for our economy and for the russian economy as well . 
  so poking the bear on the east with a nato stick will only cause more problems than good . 
  as long as we stay as good trading partners and neighbours with russia we 've got nothing to worry about . 
  i think it is good that estonia has the fore sight and willingness to try new technology . 
  it is of course important that the integrity of the election process stays intact . 
  estonia is small enough population wise that it can try this our and we , the others , should do our best to help them in the process as it might fundamentally change the democratic process to the better in many countries around the world . 
  we have bigger issues to take care of than gay rights in europe at the moment . 
  i 'm all for people to have the right to do what they want in their bedroom but it is n't on the top of issues that need attention right now . 
  a few things come to mind . 
  such as the crisis with russia , our economy , our unemployment , greek national crisis that may turn ugly very soon and so on . 
   we do n't have that . 
  oh , really ? 
  a whole 90 % of somali immigrants are illiterate in finland . 
  http://www.mtv.fi/uutiset/kotimaa/artikkeli/turvapaikanhakijoita-tulvii-suomeen/1865316 also the immigrants from third world countries are n't really here because they were recruited here now are they ? 
  and the ones that we got here , should be helped in their own countries and not shipped to europe . 
  you need to separate competent skilled labour that is recruited to a position and illiterate immigration from third world countries as we have now . 
  sure we need immigrants to some positions but saying that this third world immigration is the right one is not true . 
  and if it comes to not having pizza i can make my own . 
  i do not mind immigrant that have a job when they come here , or within eu immigration . 
  but i do not want any more non eu immigration or immigration that is n't explicitly recruited to a job . 
  it is n't really comparable . 
  we 're in 2014 now , 
  lol i know the feeling . 
   you invited those immigrants over in order to fulfill your labor needs . 
  who told you that ?
