  so for once can we stop pissing around the issue and honestly ask why is it that this particular group even with social benefits does not seem to be able to integrate . 
  at what point do we discuss what the solution is and not just kick the rock further down the road pretending that it is n't an issue . 
  something needs to be done because not doing anything will lead no nothing good what so ever . 
  if you do n't have anything constructive to say but to start yapping about racism and other nonsense please do n't say it at all . 
  this is not a question about racism but about the actual problem that we see on our streets across europe . 
  so you just think we should move along with no democratic means to control this . 
  worked nicely in the ussr , you want back to that i guess . 
  ah i see the pro-eu mob who hates democracy has been on a downvoting mission again . 
   so if this would be the procedure in the eu , would you agreed with it ? 
  i might but we do n't have european parties , each country has their own parties that may or may not join a group in the parliament and most of them wont even say what group they 'd join before the elections are done . 
  this is what 's wrong . 
  he could satisfy both sides of his party by announcing the referendum now and not sometime in the future . 
   is the prime minister of finland directly elected ? 
  our president is . 
  one also knows who will become the prime minister when voting at a party as the party leader of the winning party will become prime minister . 
  defending the undemocratic way the eu works with arguments like yours is getting old . 
  here is a documentary : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bo3edemgpwa, 
  like pounding the shit out off small boys ' ass holes , killing people for being witches , protecting the perpetrators of pedophilia and so on ? 
  is that what you mean loving and accepting everyone ? 
  i mean in some twisted world , loving can be translated into you forcefully shoving your holy sausage into the butt of a child . 
  that however is n't the case in my world . 
  anyone seen any gypsies in the vatican city sitting with a paper cup in a corner ? 
  this is a genuine question . 
  i spy with my little eye ... 
  as someone that is n't british i do n't really know what to feel about this . 
  for me cameron comes off as a flip-flopper all to often . 
  he pushed for a referendum in 2009 and his peach about it was very eu-critical ( [ short speech ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sq2n7omcsi0 ) ) . 
  now it sounds like he wants a referendum that is more about reforming the eu than anything else . 
  i mean i do agree with him that if the eu is to survive it needs drastic reforms , otherwise it will fail . 
  but i can not stand politicians that change their opinion all the time . 
  either he holds that referendum or he does n't . 
  let the british people decide if they want to leave or stay . 
  there can not be a referendum where the british people are asked if they want to stay in a reformed eu . 
  because uk alone can not reform the eu . 
  so either uk stays or it goes . 
  sure uk and other countries can push for reforms but everyone knows that those reforms will take very long to pass and most likely they wont pass anyhow . 
  the eu is too far gone to be reformed in such a massive scale that people seem to want . 
  the other option is to completely re-invent the eu from the ground up . 
  but that 's also not likely to happen . 
  helle means heat in finnish , 
  fuck the european council . 
  democracy or nothing at all . 
  oh not we ca n't have that ... that would be too democratic and soon we 'll get a million and one reasons to why that is a bad idea . 
  st. petersburg is in leningrad oblast and is the administrative centre for lenindgrad oblast . 
  so it is n't that weird , just sensationalism from abc . 
  it was fairly recently that st. petersburg became a separate federal subject from leningrad oblast . 
   the referendums alone paralyzes severely decision making and other aspects of nations . 
  oh hello stalin . 
  yes , let us not waste time on something called democracy . 
  that sentence there just made everything else you had to say irrelevant and nullified . 
   a finn who wants out of eu and knows that it is not a nato country is playing straight into putin 's and russia 's pocket . 
  dude , i think it 's time you left the little town you live in and went out to see the world . 
  you are officially insane . 
  oh please just shut up and stop making such a fool of yourself already . 
   actually , come to think of it , the great irony of you using the uk as an example is that the uk shows what the a laborious and fragile process it is before you can unite to form a combined armed forces . 
  1 ) use of a common language , and allow the beginnings of a common culture to form , 2 ) political union , meaning you then get common foreign and domestic policies , 3 ) many decades later - amalgamation of armed forces , followed rapidly by a series of wars in which the identity and ethos of those armed forces is forged . 
  even after all that , in under 300 years , it can all just start falling apart . 
  this right here is what i wish more people took into account . 
  a union be it a military union or political as a federation will be almost impossible to get to work without at least a common language . 
  just there we face a huge hurdle . 
  the french would never accept english to be the common language even if it would make sense and even the germans would have a hard time swallowing that fact . 
   how can you move away from federalism , when there is no federalism in the first place ? 
  what he means is the prevalent move towards a federation that exist within the eu and is easily observable . 
   agreed . 
  our views are too far apart . 
  was nice to have a proper civilised debate for a change  have a nice weekend !, 
   he 's essentially suggesting ireland should act like a parasite , living off the benefits of the eu while giving nothing in return . 
  is n't that kind of what you 're doing already . 
  ridiculously low corporate taxes pissing of the uk and other , while still being happy to take money from the eu to bail you out . 
  do n't get me wrong i used to live in ireland and live with and irish girlfriend so i do n't intend to be rude . 
  i just mean that i completely agree with you . 
  ireland can not be half in and half out . 
  either it is in or out . 
  there seems to be very much a mentality in the d\u00e1il that take but not give . 
  but this is n't just limited to irelands foreign policy , it is the same domestically . 
  huge tax breaks are given to corporations such as google , facebook , microsoft , ibm etc. 
  while people are taxed fairly heavily , public schools and healthcare is poor and infrastructure in general lacking and every once in a while one politician gets busted for being corrupt . 
  it 's really frustrating to watch and i can see where your coming from when saying `` this freeloader attitude is frighteningly prevalent '' . 
  i personally really like ireland and it is sad that there is so much slacking among politicians there . 
  one reason i decided to move instead of staying was that this `` ah it 'll be grand '' attitude is everywhere relating to government or city council and nothing gets fixed . 
  i kid you not dublin city council has to have some for of limit of maximum iq to get in , because i 've never seen so much stupid in one place . 
  these decision affect peoples day to day life and it was this effect on my day to day life that made me throw in the towel one day and pack up and leave . 
   it is still a government . 
  the eu is no government but it has powers that surpass the national government when it passes laws so there is a huge democratic deficit here . 
   there was . 
  that 's why they voted on it in the first place . 
  so you 're saying that the uk voters knew that the eu was going to become a political union moving closer to a federation . 
  is that what you are saying ? 
   so , you believe that the pro-eu 's side belief is that the eu would continue even if it has no support ? 
  where did you even get this idea from ? 
  if that was n't the case , why is the pro-eu side so against the uk having a referendum , and why is n't it pushing for every country to have a referendum to settle the matter once and for all ? 
  the only logical reason is that they do not dare to do so . 
   so , how did the e.u. 
  get more power , and those who support it did n't get voted out of power , if people did n't agree to it in some form or another ? 
  this comes down to the eu having powers that surpasses the national government . 
  it might be ok for some states as when they voted to join the eu was closer to its current form than in others . 
  furthermore a national government can not remove passed eu law , they can remove national laws passed by the previous government . 
  big difference . 
   it can force the commission to draft legislation . 
  and we all know how well that works .
