  the new ussr . 
  well whatever you call it . 
  what i 'm saying is that i 'm happy each time a country that used to belong to the ussr sphere of influence is doing well . 
  especially with our own history with them . 
  but i guess that 's just not as fun as pointing out that i worded it poorly so let 's focus on that instead of poland doing well . 
  i know this . 
  i also used to go to work the same time as you could see the bakes deliver their goods , and never saw this . 
  that 's why i asked if it was a thing . 
  to clarify we always had one or two people on stand by at our office due to time differences in case our help was needed so once every few months you 'd go to work when everyone else except taxi drivers and bakers were sleeping . 
  i wrote it long before you posted your reply . 
  anyhow . 
  there is much we can do , just send them packing . 
  malm\u00f6 that since wwii was a safe haven for jews is now filled with harassment of jews committed by muslim immigrants . 
  watch this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghvshnjz4um https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4q-ptsjonk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrnp-xzb_u0 ( cbn but anyhow ) i 've not seen anything good come out from the muslim community in europe they 're a menace . 
  why the jewish community is n't making more noise about this i do n't understand . 
  i 'm not religious myself , and no jew has ever tried to force their religious values on me , but the same can not be said about the muslims . 
  so believe me i 'm all on the side of the jews when it comes to this phenomenon in europe . 
  next five weeks : estonia , sweden , norway , denmark , germany , ireland , uk , netherlands , poland , estonia again , lithuania . 
  visit at least one a week because of work . 
  edit : forgot russia but that 's not europe :p, 
  well what do you think . 
  what did i just say ? 
  did you even read it . 
  this here . 
  many of the `` irish '' are in fact not irish , they 're americans . 
  was n't me but someone crated a ramblinr ** o ** mbo yesterday . 
  i guess i 'm getting fans or something . 
  people that do n't have balls to debate so they try to sound like me , but failing at it . 
  yup . 
  what is amazing to me is how british they sound , no dialect at all almost . 
  fuck spain . 
  what would they think if the same happened to them in north africa . 
  the people of gibraltar has said that they do n't want to be part of spain . 
  question though , what do people in the basque country and catalan think about this ? 
  read my edit dip shit . 
  interesting . 
  it 's a no win situation for the eu . 
  if they throw him out wilders wins , if they let him stay wilders wins . 
  you know what i mean ... under their influence . 
  in away ... when i think about it , would be good if they pic him , one more step towards people revolting against the eu . 
  over my dead body . 
  no way i 'll accept this . 
  who are these idiots suggesting this ? 
  it 's like these politicians really do live in an alternative universe . 
  edit : then again , yes please go ahead . 
  this will just speed up things and soon we can call the eu a blip in history . 
  always nice when a former ussr state does well . 
  show the finger to the russkies you have my support !, 
  edit : ** to clarify `` under ussr influence '' , before someone gets angry . 
  so not a state per se **, 
  ikea is n't breaking any laws though . 
  they only transfer the maximum amount allowed to be `` paid '' as royalties for the use of the name ikea . 
  the rest they do pay taxes on . 
  the foundations are where the kamprad family protects their wealth from swedish tax . 
  so it 's not a corporate issue but a private equity issue . 
  yes but the problem is `` outside '' . 
  in ireland i have to say it works okish to be honest . 
  but here in finland it 's ridiculous as you wo n't really want to stand outside when it 's -20 \u00b0 c if you 're a smoker . 
  once again i 'm no smoker but i think it has to be up to the owner of the place . 
  antisemitism is a thing yes , but it is no reason for limiting freedom of speech . 
  many other groups have suffered in the hands of oppressors and non get the same universal protection as the jews do . 
  honestly what do you think is the most dangerous , to have people like this speak about their views in the open or underground ? 
  if they speak openly about it at least you can debate them . 
  if the retreat to an underground discussion club with similar minded people they will have no one to question their ideas . 
  limiting any opinion or the right to express it is very much against what you call democracy . 
  in my opinion people who want to limit freedom of speech are the ones that should be put in prison first . 
  i mean resent it as an official language not as an language per se . 
  i do n't have any issue with the jews . 
  just your half assed attempt to make this a hitler discussion . 
  jews do n't go around blowing people up in europe in the name of their religion . 
  they do n't want women to live like slaves . 
  so do n't you bring jews into this . 
  gdp is n't really a measure of progress . 
  tukey gdp ( ppp ) per capita : $ 19,080 , finland gdp ( ppp ) per capita : $ 36,395 . 
  oh you do n't even know how many people see turkey as a third world country compared to europe and in fact agree that you have no place in calling yourself european . 
  as i said before they might have a piece of land here but i recent the concept of them being european at any level , the same way as the russians . 
  neither are european in my eyes . 
  man that 's kind of scary how fast people 's perception changes . 
  yes he should . 
  do n't mistake him for me though . 
  oh look i got someone imitating me . 
  is it jeffie or maybe it 's that crazy norwegian dude . 
  i owe some czech person a beer or two . 
  thanks you . 
   he was fined 1.2 m francs ( 183,200 euros ; # 149,000 ) after calling the nazi gas chambers `` just a detail in the history of world war ii '' in 1996 . 
  they do n't like freedom of speech in france ? 
  i mean , i 'd say everyone if they 're not crazy knows what happened to the jewish and others during wwii . 
  but fining someone for saying something is just ridiculous . 
  it does n't serve any purpose but to move these people deeper into the underground where no one can challenge them . 
  furthermore i think it 's sad that only the jews are getting the full sorrow of the world when many other groups were targeted as well . 
  now i guess i 'll get a bunch of down votes for some reason again but anyhow . 
  and to be honest he 's not wrong on it being a detail in history . 
  everything is a detail in history as is the russian invasion of finland . 
  a hundred years from now it will be as much of a blip in history as some other war from the history books . 
  the world moves on and there 's nothing we can do about it . 
  meanwhile the allies did n't give a shit so we had to fight both the russians and kick the germans out . 
  well then you 're in asia so i do n't care . 
  but yes , welcome to say it to my face . 
  my issue is that if someone who owns a pub can not themselves decide if people can smoke there or not . 
  it 's their business .
