  they should be shot at sight . 
  no in general the pope . 
  poland is catholic and the vatican still has some influence there . 
  so i guess that 's why gay marriage is n't really something that gets passed easily . 
  so she has gone completely bat shit crazy . 
  yes . 
  but not that many places serve them . 
  mostly it 's 40 - 50 cl . 
  ilves has to be the best president in europe ... hell even in the world . 
  because people are blue eyed and vote for idiots and are prepared to give up freedoms for temporary security and give away their guns . 
  a people with guns can never be enslaved . 
  something europeans should learn . 
  why do we even give this nut any attention . 
  he personifies everything that is wrong with the eu . 
   the eu thinks the protecting `` rights '' of the banks are a more important issue than protecting the rights of the people . 
  nothing new under the sun there . 
  it 's like with any government . 
  only the interests of the few matter . 
  that 's why i love the system switzerland has . 
   but that might as well be this one . 
  indeed it could . 
   has merkel lost her touch ? 
  yes . 
  except that young brits are the worst tourist on the planet i like the brits . 
  nice country , interesting history and balls to do what it as a country thinks is best . 
  central limit theorem kicks in at n  30 . 
   central limit theorem  the central limit theorem states that if you have a population with mean \u03bc and standard deviation \u03c3 and take sufficiently large random samples from the population with replacement , then the distribution of the sample means will be approximately normally distributed . 
  this will hold true regardless of whether the source population is normal or skewed , provided the sample size is sufficiently large ( usually n  30 ) . 
  if the population is normal , then the theorem holds true even for samples smaller than 30 . 
  in fact , this also holds true even if the population is binomial , provided that min ( np , n ( 1-p ) )  5 , where n is the sample size and p is the probability of success in the population . 
  this means that we can use the normal probability model to quantify uncertainty when making inferences about a population mean based on the sample mean . 
  but if you were to believe the people in / r/europe everyone loves the eu and wants it to become a federation . 
  living next door to a state that threatened us with god knows what from time to time . 
  traveling to the soviet union and seeing the misery and how far behind it was on all levels of society . 
  i was a kid and i still understood that what i saw was sad , depressing and a whole population that did n't know what actually happened in the world . 
  because some times the eu needs things to take peoples minds of reality . 
  when they need something to move focus from another they 'll create a horse from a fly . 
  you know as well as i do that it will never happen . 
  the eu never follows its own rules . 
  it is incapable of any action and it is a useless club . 
  i 'd be genuinely surprised if there was any action taken . 
  only hippies wish that ... 
  letters . 
  i 'd still argue that it is n't that much of a supported opinion in most member countries . 
   italy and poland would probably be the best bets for a majority supporting a federation as far as i 'm aware . 
  do n't know about poland but did n't italy just vote very eu sceptically ? 
   not allowed into nordic they took ourbbb flaaggg :( well now you show them a big ass floppy dick and say hah !, 
  yes . 
  europe has its own high-tech industry . 
  so we do n't need your companies , 
  i think sweden wins this argument  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_empire, 
   incredible part is that he actually handles the twitter instead of handling it off to some pr-person . 
  no no no no ... the coolest thing about ilves is that he uses a bow-tie !, 
  that is bad ass !, 
  estonians understood the importance of technology and made big efforts in prioritising it . 
  now i do n't have numbers to prove it . 
  but i think estonia also benefits a lot as well from being very close to finland and sweden . 
  estonia attracts a lot of finnish businesses to start side-shops there for tax reasons . 
  what i 've understood is that there are fairly many swedish companies setting foot there as well . 
  so you have good policies made by the estonian government and a good flow of foreign investment . 
  it 's the nordic genes  why you did n't opt for a nordic flag i dunno :p, 
  ah estonian corporate tax and all other perks . 
  almost everyone i know that have opened up a business in the last years have done so in estonia . 
  most finnish start ups open up shop in estonia as well for tax reasons . 
  i 'd do the same , 
  yes . 
  because it feels like you do n't understand the most basic of defence logic . 
  so either you got poor training or you never got any . 
  your argument referring to the iraq and afghan wars are completely irrelevant to national defence . 
  furthermore a nation can not solely rely on nato . 
  us policy has for quite some time now been faced with internal debate on why the us should carry the cost of european defence . 
  nuclear deterrent is n't something that guarantees anything . 
  look at the falklands , did it deter the argentinians ? 
  also russia as an example has enough nukes to blow the uk to corns of sand so if the uk launched nukes towards russia even if invaded it would mean certain annihilation . 
  so the uk still needs manpower and a strong navy as does any other country ( obviously you do n't need a navy if you do n't have coastline ) . 
  you 've got your facts wrong . 
  also from pirkkala it takes about 11 minutes for a hornet to reach the gulf of finland . 
  now this will be longer once they re-locate the airbase . 
  did you serve ? 
  still does n't answer the question . 
  is it acceptable anywhere . 
  i can not think of one country where the majority would accept a federation . 
  well nothing wrong with that , 
   i 'm sure 74 % is still quite low sorry but how can you call 74 % low ? 
  i mean it 's a huge majority of the population . 
  this poll made by the finnish broadcasting company ( unfortunately only in finnish ) done in april of this year showed that 75 % of finns did not trust the eu : http://yle.fi/aihe/artikkeli/2014/05/05/mot-kysely-vastaajat-penseita-eulle uk numbers :  a yougov poll for the sun , from december , suggested 32 % say would vote to stay and 45 % would vote to leave if a vote were held now . 
  and as you can see from the 2014 poll , now 75 % of finns do n't trust the eu which is an increase so most likely that would be reflected in the opinion of leaving the eu as well . 
  so the numbers suggest that the finns are equally against the eu . 
   including your own . 
  oh really . 
  the last poll from 2012 showed that ** 74 % ** of finns are against a federation . 
  you may do . 
  but i can not think of any country except say belgium where there would be enough support for a federation . 
  edit : fun to see how the opinions in this sub not at all seem to reflect the true sentiment out there . 
   federalism is unacceptable here is it acceptable anywhere to be honest ? 
  cutting military spending goes hand in hand with less resources for the military . 
   unsurprisingly , they have leftist , anti-fidesz tendencies in their reporting . 
  that 's like 99 % of european channels . 
  sometimes i think that when you get into journalism some fairly comes around and hits them with commie juice . 
  sad fact is that most european nations have been cutting military spending for years .
