  i think that 's almost inevitable since it 's probably a lot harder to integrate and get a job if you come here as an adult rather than a child . 
  the numbers are even worse among the young . 
  immigrants make up 62 % of the unemployed between the ages 18-24 . 
  it 's in the same report . 
  i get the feeling that you got a little reality check here today . 
  not that bad to be honest . 
  we have some muppets that want to embrace the swedish model but thankfully we still have a lot of people that were in the war and remember what it took to keep our independence and country . 
  patriotism is much more close to heart here so i 'd say that protects us at least for a bit . 
  do n't know what this generation x will end up doing . 
   and here , social democratic ideas are the basis of even most of the right wing parties . 
  so all of our parties are social democrats . 
  i suggest you take a look around . 
  sure we support the welfare model in almost every party but that does n't mean unlimited immigration or permanent immigration . 
  the social model was n't built on an idea that we need to help the world it was built so that we could have good lives and our children could have good lives . 
  it was n't meant to be handed out left and right to every fucker that comes asking for it . 
   i believe you and i shall never find any common ground . 
  i think you 're absolutely right there . 
   what simple mathematics am i not understanding ? 
  you have n't given me a lot of numbers to work with here so i 'm not sure what you 're talking about . 
  well your saying that increased cost on the services from the government can not be attributed to immigration when there is a clear correlation . 
  that 's just for starters . 
   you 're the one who 's having trouble with mathematics . 
  i looked at your link and that number is for people between 16 and 24 . 
  for all age groups only 38 % of malmoes unemployed are foreign born . 
  might still be a bit high , but not that much considering that 30 % of malmoes entire population are foreign born . 
  so you can not read either ? 
  translated to english : in 2012 foreign born represented 58 % of all unemployed between the ages 16-64 . 
  now honestly , was it really the right move to allow romania in to the eu ? 
  open borders with a country that still is n't developed even remotely to the state of the western europe ? 
  how in the actual fuck do the eu leaders think that eu would ever work with huge differences in countries like this ? 
  we could have helped romania to develop to better standard . 
  hell i 'd not have any problems helping a fellow european country to get back on its feat . 
  i 'd do that any given day than see my tax money being sent to say afghanistan . 
  once we 'd helped romania to get settled and solve many of it 's problems , then we could have had them join the eu . 
   so this statement is ok for you ? 
  yes . 
  we do n't have to carry the wight of the world . 
  why should we ? 
   we do share responsibility for everyone in the global community no we do n't , we do n't have any responsibility for people fighting around the world . 
  did we start it ? 
  hence it 's not our problem . 
  should we help people ? 
  yes some of them . 
  a few of them . 
   these kind of statements is the end of the welfare society the end of the welfare society comes from us exhausting it by helping everyone . 
  we paid for it , we shall enjoy it and no one else . 
  if you want to take part in it , work and pay your share . 
   imagine hearing that as an argument at social democratic rally . 
  well first off i 'd rather rape myself to death with a cactus than go to a social democrat rally . 
  secondly the social democratic party does n't represent the majority of any nordic nation . 
   but , unfortunately you give up as soon as you are criticised . 
  no i gave up because there 's no point in talking to people who can not understand simple mathematics . 
   [ citation needed ] [ here , 58 % of all unemployed in just malm\u00f6 are foreign born ] ( http://www.finsamimalmo.se/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/arbetsl%c3%b6shet-och-syssels%c3%a4ttning-i-malm%c3%b6-2013.pdf ) which means that the minority makes up the majority of unemployed . 
  your talking so badly out of your ass that it is n't even funny . 
  well does he really need to spell it out for you ? 
   captain sweden to the rescue !, 
  with some hippies it 's not worth taking the fight . 
  you 'll just get frustrated . 
  better to use the energy on something else . 
  like talk to people that get the issue beyond the fluffy-cuddly-dream-world some people live in . 
   please do n't come to scandinavia , and if you are already here , please do n't vote . 
  you just do n't get it . 
  please lave scandinavia and please do n't vote . 
   what would you do to a wrongdoer who 's married with a local and has kids ? 
  send him/her packing  you ca n't separate them yes you can , if you send someone to prison you do the same . 
   you ca n't separate them , and you ca n't impose the other family members to live in a war & poverty stricken country . 
  the family if they behave can stay , the one who did offend lost his right . 
  he should have thought about his/her actions before executing these actions . 
   hatred against muslims or heck , even for that matter against europeans such as roma , russians is escalating as of lately . 
  well the muslims have n't done much to promote themselves as a group in good light in say the last 30 years . 
  the roma have n't done that either . 
  russia , well invading a sovereign nation tends to piss people off . 
  people like you are honestly the biggest danger for the future prosperity of europe as a whole . 
   shut the fucking gates before its to late . 
  it was too late in the 90s . 
  if we want to fix the problem its time to start sending people home and start from scratch . 
   that 's not an answer . 
  you just repeated what you said in your original post of course it 's an answer . 
  please explain why it is n't insane instead . 
   those are not costs for immigration , those are costs for having a growing population . 
  of course they are cost of immigration as they are directly correlating to it . 
  it 's basic economics . 
  if i increase the production from q1 to q2 and my cost increase with it , the increase in cost is hence directly tied to the increase in production . 
   they would grow even if population growth was mainly due to swedes reproducing . 
  first off sweden has like many other western nations a slowed down population increase . 
  secondly the amount of immigrants that are employed is extremely low which means less people providing tax revenue and more people spending it . 
   including this when talking about what immigration costs is very dishonest . 
  nonsense . 
  it 's an actual tangible cost that can be directly traced to the flow of immigrants . 
  arguing anything else is just purely lying to anyone with common sense . 
   good , means they can provide a better life for their children which will reduce poverty and thereby crime , making integration easier . 
  ok i see , you 're one of these who refuse to see the immigration issues and the problems that have been proved time and time again to exist in among other areas with a big immigrant population , in countries with a high inflow of immigrants etc. 
   i know how it works , i pay taxes . 
  and so do they . 
  25 % vat on everything they buy . 
  now this lack of insight here just tells me that taking this conversation any further with you is completely pointless . 
   in france , for example , if we were to return to the franc , all the bank accounts of every french person , all capital savings accounts , would be immediately re-labeled with this currency , which would be devalued without delay against the euro . 
   ... the interest rate will skyrocket and there will no longer be a way to repay the debts . 
  how did he think there ? 
  a value of an asset does n't just evaporate .
