  taking into account all other neighbours of russia we 're never been a part of the ussr nor do we have groups of people who commit terror in russia as some of its southern neighbours . 
  why would they ever want us as well on bad terms with them ? 
  on top of that also very prepared militarily so that even if russia could occupy us if it wanted it would cost them many lives . 
  ukraine was a country already weakened by internal conflicts when they entered ukrainian territory . 
  no one really seemed to have control over the ukrainian defence forces and it 's economic backbone was already broken . 
  furthermore it 's heavily relying on russian gas just to keep it 's basic infrastructure working . 
  it meant that they could just walk in and take what they wanted . 
  which i do not think is the case in the other eastern european states . 
  at least to the extent of ukraine . 
  long story short . 
  i 'd argue that western european people are n't worried at all in general . 
  the story is different in eastern europe , especially ukraine ( obviously ) and countries neighbouring ukraine that used to be part of the ussr . 
  how the estonians are feeling i do n't honestly know even if i just live a few hours away from tallinn ( helsinki ) . 
  but my guess would be that they 're a little more worried as it is n't many years ago they became independent again . 
  then again estonia is the one country of the eastern block that has integrated itself the fastest to the west both sociologically as economically . 
  strategically i 'd say that estonia would be the last of the former eastern block states that russia would want to venture into . 
  followed by poland . 
  but i 'm no specialist . 
  just because i question your knowledge on swedish immigration it makes me a xenophobe . 
  well that sounds intelligent and a sound conclusion . 
  i was in sydney in 2010 , try track me down based on that information . 
  as stupid as your argument . 
  hence it 's obvious your making shit up . 
  so you 're full of shit . 
  if you can not even say when and where its complete and utter bs . 
  when , where and how long . 
  where are the subs ? 
  really . 
  why do you think china is investing trillions in africa ? 
  just for fun ? 
  the chinese economy in heavily dependent on natural resources . 
  us policy is a constant threat to this supply , so yes china very much cares about us foreign policy . 
  also china alone holds $ 1.2 ** trillion ** of us government debt . 
  us citizens only hold about $ 960 billion . 
  do you seriously think that china does n't care about us foreign policy ? 
  you can not be that stupid . 
   why is this a problem ? 
  take care of your own native inhabitants and come back again . 
  seriously , have you ever even been to say sweden before the huge influx of immigrants and after ? 
  australia if any place is hard on immigration . 
  well if you ask me it 's about time we start to get a handle on non european immigration . 
  especially from muslim countries . 
  of course not that would be wrong , so wrong , 
  well to be completely honest he is n't that off . 
  * nowhere in the western world does religion play such a big role in politics , and who get elected or not as in the us * saying that guns are n't a major factor in us politics , public opinion and society in general is just plain lying . 
  just look at the political power of the nra . 
  personally i 'm all for the right of everyone to own a gun but that is beside the point * the us wages wars left and right all over the globe in a way no other country does ( guns/weapons ) * the us has more military bases around the world than any other country in the world ( guns/weapons ) * the us has a history of invading countries that are n't playing the game as the us wants ( guns/weapons ) * the us has a bigger military budget than most of world combined ( guns/weapons ) the us is like a bull in a china shop and that is why i think china sees europe as a better partner . 
  culturally we are far from the chinese but still closer to them than the us . 
  the question here is n't what is the absolute truth but how the world sees the us and lately it has n't been very pretty . 
  globals surveillance , eaves dropping on allied leaders , wars and military intervention in almost the whole of the middle east just to name a few . 
  the idea of eu is flawed by bureaucracy . 
  the though was great , but the execution of the idea has been fucked up since the start . 
  what you get when you have politicians making a career of sitting on their fat asses . 
  damn ... lived in ireland and never knew about this place . 
  it 's amazing ... !, 
  edit : hold on ... is this next to the highway from belfast to dublin ? 
  if so i have seen it ... looks even cooler from the air . 
  as a dane you should know  but anyhow , we have a tradition of neutrality . 
  for finland it was also a political move after the war as we did n't want to give russia any more reasons to come visit . 
  lol true . 
  well there are parts . 
  most of what was left got blown to hell by the russians during the war . 
  also we had a much bigger tradition of building our towns by wood and a lot of them burned down . 
  i love old tallinn as a place . 
  thankfully i live close enough in helsinki  only thing i do n't like are the tallinn taxi drivers who try to rip you off all the time . 
  this is true . 
  i actually meant the modern fire arm licences as well . 
  the statistics are still the same . 
  exactly especially when most homicides are n't done with a firearm . 
  at least in finland . 
  i do n't remember the exact number but if i remember correctly the number of people killed in finland by firearms is below 7 % of all homicides . 
  whatever the number is , it 's low compared to knives etc. 
  the most common one is two old drunks in the middle of nowhere starting an argument over something and the other one stabs the other . 
  true that . 
  what we in finland have going for us is wast wilderness and tons of animals that need to be hunted to that they do n't kill people on the road as an example . 
  the government can not do it themselves and hunting is a very bing and deeply rooted part of finnish society . 
  unfortunately eu hippie politicians do n't get this . 
  [ this is what 's left of a car when you hit a moose ] ( http://www.google.fi/imgres?imgurl=http%3a%2f%2fxn--blljus-jua.se%2fpublic_pictures%2f140123_alg%2f0.jpg&amp;imgrefurl=http%3a%2f%2fxn--blljus-jua.se%2fdisplay.asp%3fnewsid%3d11596%26visa%3dbilder%26mapp%3dpublic_pictures%2f140123_alg&amp;h=665&amp;w=1000&amp;tbnid=c-r-nfrplnb0rm%3a&amp;zoom=1&amp;docid=4ms4fda0bujnym&amp;ei=qwrhu6kbgso7ygp_9ohicg&amp;tbm=isch&amp;ved=0ckgceiqcmeq&amp;iact=rc&amp;dur=819&amp;page=4&amp;start=52&amp;ndsp=19 ) . 
  if it 's a male moose and the horns will stab you to death instantly when they go though the windshield . 
  but for these brussels idiots they 're just cute fluffy forest-horses . 
  sure it 's a magnificent animal it should be a part of our nature , but it can not become a danger for the public . 
  my biggest worry is that eu will be the entity that drives gun control . 
  guns are not a reason . 
  the guns are heavily regulated and most guns are hunting guns . 
  there was a study made that people in finland with a licence to carry are significantly less likely to be involved in a violent crime or any criminal act than people without one . 
  if you get arrested for any offence that is n't a petty crime you can loose all your guns . 
  if you get sentenced for any violent crime be it just a pub brawl you will loose your guns . 
  like u/modomario says . 
  up north there 's very little population so even one will make the per capita sky rocket . 
  as an example in sodankyl\u00e4 the population density is 1.9 / sq mi . 
  the total area is 4,793.64 sq mi and has a population of only 8,809 . 
  oh so gon na use this :d, 
  should have just put any random porn site or piratebay there and case closed , 
  having lived in ireland where the houses are the same as in the uk and the energy efficiency of them is horrible . 
  even new houses are cold and heating is inefficient . 
  here both uk and ireland could make huge savings in energy consumption . 
  as a perk it also gives improved pleasure indoors . 
  i love your thinking . 
  give it to the ruskies and the french :p, 
   they would n't be marketing it as the cheapo call centre of europe after working in tech in ireland this is completely on the spot true .
