  they do n't follow any common sense and are political correctness rules rather than rules against racism so that point you make there has no bearing . 
  i do n't like islam , is that racist ? 
  i do n't think we should have more immigrants and i do think we should shoot at those boats to stop them from entering illegally . 
  is that racist , no . 
  i do think it is time we ask ourselves the question how come gypsies seem to be universally hated in all countries that has a significant minority of gypsies . 
  is that racist ? 
  do i mind you calling me a racist ? 
  learn the definition of racism or shut the fuck up about it already . 
  no one really cares . 
  i like how you use the same comments i 've made all the time . 
  1st one was a reply to another comment asking about another for what he meant . 
  i just replied to what the other user implied . 
  as you can clearly see in the link you just provided . 
  it 's like me calling you a racist for quoting the word arab . 
   how come , one group of people are so universally hated no matter where they are , whatever country they are in . 
  at what point do we ask us the logical question , is it us or them ? 
  might it be so , that they , their culture and ways just are n't adapted to any form of civilised society anywhere . 
  i am asking a question on when we shall ask the question why gypsies seem to be universally hated wherever there is a significant minority population of gypsies . 
  what 's racist about that . 
  are you denying that they are n't seen as a problem in almost every country that has a gypsy minority ? 
  if you mean my comment about them pissing in corners etc. 
  well that 's just what they seem to do around here at least . 
  digg in trashcans , steal from stores and the police have even had to set up their own little gypsy task force . 
   it 's clearly beyond all doubt that you 're a stormfront style neonazi . 
  i 've made it very clear that unlike you i 'm neither a leftist or socialist of any sort . 
  so nazism does n't really fit my political bill at all . 
  this has to be the third time i 've made that clear to you and i 'll leave it to be the last . 
  as i honestly do n't care about you , people like you who see everything as racist or fascist nor do i care if you call me a racist . 
  if that makes you feel better , so be it . 
  also funny how you always seem to refer to deleted comments . 
  oh forgot that you ones said that you like small boys in a now deleted comment . 
  nope . 
  i do n't use manjaro . 
  me having opinions about immigration has nothing to do with racism . 
  it is you who makes it about race . 
  my opinions about muslims are about the religion not the race . 
  so once again you and only you make it about race . 
  if my opinions make me a racist according to you , so be it . 
  i do n't honestly care what you call me . 
  he wrote :  and you do n't like people that are n't of a ` superior race ' . 
  typical savanna boy . 
  he 's just fixated on everything that he can grab that is even remotely negative towards the right or against the eu on any level . 
  hearsay works for them when it suits them and in any other case they demand facts . 
   pissing off reinfeldt on the other hand would be a huge diplomatic faux pas . 
  i think you are over estimating the importance of sweden to the uk . 
  he 's got a point : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inst3wjxzk0, 
  i think you posted in the wrong sub . 
  to my knowledge this is / r/europe not a linux sub , 
  i know history but that does n't mean i agree with the need to try these morons . 
  there is a difference when there is clear evidence and when there is n't . 
  here we have a case closed right away . 
  it 's on film , filmed by them so there 's nothing much to talk about . 
   why did we institued the hague tribunal if not for those kind of cases ? 
  to waste money . 
  then you do n't grasp the concept . 
  the people making money taking them over will care . 
  that 's the point . 
  they 're in it for the money and not for anything else . 
  swedish media sucks on a completely own level of sucks . 
  it has to be the most twisted , leftist biased media in europe . 
  at least the party leader of the true finns has said that he has a good relationship with farage . 
  what bugs me with this site is that they have turkey on the map but not finland in their header . 
  maybe that 's a sign that we 'll soon leave the eu , 
  there are big differences . 
  the danish and finnish `` eurosceptic '' parties want to actively be involved instead of just sitting there complaining . 
  the finnish party leader has also said that if the finnish people wants to stay in the union they shall have the right to do so . 
  but they want a referendum . 
   you 're an idiot . 
  ah people look at the skill and intellect of this guy . 
  here we go again . 
  you ca n't handle the debate , then you come with excuses or try to side track the discussion . 
  you seriously suck when it comes to debating anything . 
  the one 's where i said that we should shoot at the boats are still there . 
  do n't make any excuses . 
  i have never denied that i think that the way we can save these people is to deter them from trying to get here with the help of criminals . 
  also next time you `` quote '' me please link to the comment . 
  sacrificing a few to save many is morally right . 
  how can you think saving a few and sacrificing many is in anyway more humane . 
  you just do n't have the balls to admit it . 
  for the ones who want to see what i actually said , here is the complete thread . 
  savanna likes to twist the truth . 
   advocated shooting them even , for the greater good still do . 
  i think it is wrong that we allow criminals to take these peoples money , put them on a boat where they risk dying of drowning . 
  so deterring them not to take the risk is saving more than not shooting at them . 
   but this just shows me that you may actually be an honest to god fascist ah again with you : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin's_law  you do n't give a shit about the rule of law , you 're happy with extrajudicial violence , and you do n't like people that are n't of a ` superior race ' . 
  i care about the rule of law . 
  but when you kill someone like these people did you do n't deserve traditional justice anymore . 
   you 're happy with extrajudicial violence when it comes to war crimes or clear acts of murder like this where the other side has surrendered in a civil war like conflict as in ukraine . 
   and you do n't like people that are n't of a ` superior race ' . 
  now that is something you have concocted yourself and tells us that you have a dark mind . 
  this comment also tells us that you are a leftist looser that can not have a discussion without dragging fascism or race into it . 
  it 's your only way to kill the debate because you are n't intelligent enough to handle a proper debate . 
   ok , do you want to arrest all who oppose you first , or shall i ? 
  yes he does . 
  be prepared that he 'll soon post a comment somewhere talking about people like you killing the sub . 
   a state run by an autocrat and which is being plundered by said autocrat sounds like the european commission . 
  ah savanna boy . 
  but yes . 
  they lost their right to be tried fairly when they did this act in cold blood . 
  they threw out their rights to be treated humanely when they did this .
