  if you classify great leaders as dictators then yes . 
  35-49 years of age made up 35 % of the vote . 
  how is that the lowest ? 
  in fact it 's the highest . 
  i do n't think most people understand how much commercials are aired in the us . 
  i mean try watching a nfl game and it commercials all the time . 
  even when it 's airing different logos fly over the screen . 
  it is unwatchable . 
  they 're still working and have seen that something is n't right . 
  the young ones have n't still realised it and the old ones will get their pension anyways . 
   pbs gets just 15 percent of its budget from the government , and npr just 2 percent http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2012/10/10/why-exactly-should-the-government-fund-pbs-and-npr/, 
  the eu sucks on all levels of military cooperation . 
  just a few eu states have a defence force worth calling a defence force . 
  the eu is completely incapable to use military or political power to force any kind of pressure upon anyone . 
  look at the crimean crisis . 
  the us has the most powerful military in the world and as long as most european nations are limp dicks on both military and strategic reasoning such as dependency on russian gas , the nato is needed . 
  i do n't see any problems with this . 
  of course france as a nation has all the rights in the world to be sovereign . 
  the french have all the rights in the world to decide what they want as a people and who and what is allowed in or out of the country . 
  instead of a five year presidency on which they can stand for re-election a seven year presidency without the possibility to be extended would promote change and reduce the risk of politicians or parties from taking power as granted . 
  proportional representation in parliament is also quite obvious . 
  i mean what 's supposed to be bad about that ? 
  i do n't really understand what they mean with `` soft money '' . 
  devaluation would mean the reintroduction of the franc . 
  the euro has it pros but also its cons , and i can understand that a reintroduction of a national currency would be something they 'd like to pursuit . 
  but as what they mean with a `` soft currency '' is n't really clear it 's hard to say . 
  writing a balanced budget into the constitution is n't that bad of an idea . 
  it would keep spending in check and force politicians to evaluate what they want and do not want to invest in . 
  at least it would force broad parliamentary support for any long term decision in cases where spending would need to exceed the income . 
  intelligent protectionism is n't anything new either . 
  the eu itself does that with crops etc. 
  but instead of relying on broad eu decisions they could themselves ensure the prosperity for industries vital to the french economy . 
  what they mean with `` rejection of neoliberalism '' i do n't know . 
  the rest of the points are very much pro-democracy and i do n't think anyone that believes in democracy should question them . 
  their line on immigration and international politics also make sense in my book . 
   because the whole eu would place huge sanctions on them no they most likely would not . 
  they could not cut off the worlds fifth biggest economy without other countries deciding not to give a fuck about those sanctions . 
  the eu is a toothless tea-cup-club and the crimean crisis has once again showed how weak it is . 
  well it still does n't make the first picture any less manipulated . 
  cow ? 
  only thing pissing me off is that i was n't borne in switzerland . 
  has to be the best country in the world . 
  do n't mess with texas !, 
  we do n't need more gun control in the eu . 
   `` thinks the unthinkable '' what a load of crap . 
  the people will choose the president they want and the only ones who think it 's unthinkable , are the ones that want to limit the power of the people . 
  nothing is unthinkable when it comes to elections . 
  the stand agains gm crops should be a solid no . 
  if the us wants to grow gm crops let them . 
  but as with many things it usually takes many years before we actually know enough . 
  i mean asbestos was also considered safe . 
  we produce more than enough food in the eu and we do not need gm crops . 
  should have been started in the 90s already . 
  typical of politicians to react only when it is too late . 
  there 's a difference between mixture of european cultures and a multicultural society with big influences from africa and the middle-east . 
  that undemocratic corrupt ass hat should not be awarded anything but prison . 
  i take it that you are n't directing the question to me . 
  but no , i am fairly sure that china nor russia would allow that . 
  then again pbs is n't really funded just with government cash . 
  nothing extremist about it . 
  extreme maybe but not extremist . 
  you like to mix up terms in general ? 
  it is shopped . 
  this is how it looks like more realistically : http://shop.archiegrand.com/pub_images/original/solna-station-in-stockholm_1139.jpg, 
  fast food does n't necessarily mean that you have to be on the go . 
  according to the swedish prime minister `` only barbarism is genuinely swedish ... '' . 
  most people here do n't get that . 
  for them every mena immigrant is an refugee . 
  he has given you a source that you can study . 
  yes i did and as usual you 're making claims that have no valid standing for anyone except you . 
  in fact i have touch a few times . 
  but with an electric fence with low enough currency in it you can work around it as well . 
  you are more likely to try your `` solution '' if the risk is n't that if it fails you die . 
  come on , you refuse to see the facts in almost any matter that goes against your beliefs . 
  each time you then try to turn the discussion to some humanitarian crap instead of discussing the matter at hand . 
  but you 'd still try with some contraption as the worst that can happen is a painful experience . 
   ah , i see you do n't give a shit about facts you are the one here that turns a blind eye towards facts that do n't fall into your perception of opinions that fall into your world views all the time . 
  masters level courses do n't mean shit . 
  if you 'd have a masters degree in it or law in general you could make a point . 
  i have a masters in supply chain management which i could use as an argument in discussion where it has any standing such as economics , economic policy and or business . 
  stating that you have taken a `` masters level '' course is just pure and utter nonsense . 
  one course does not give you the understanding of complex concepts such as international law . 
  it gives you a glimpse from one perspective and nothing more . 
  this is why a degree involves a multitude of courses from a multitude of disciplines within a field of science you belong to . 
  if you study economics you 'll take courses in macro economics , micro economics , econometrics , financial economics etc. 
  if you study supply chain management you 'll study logistics , international freight standards such as incoterms , contract law , financial economics , statistics etc. 
  and finally you write a masters thesis thesis where you show your skill to academically handle the field of science you have been studying narrowed down to the subject of your major . 
  one course is in no way or form significant enough for you to use as a claim for you to understand the complexity of the issue . 
  misinformed as usual i see . 
  no such thing as un law on immigration . 
  way to go to make it a race issue again . 
  i 'm getting more and more convinced that the only racist in here are the leftist who seem to want to make it discussion about race every damn time . 
  indeed it 's a solution . 
  but you can not say things like that in / r/europe or you 'll get hate threads about you . 
  however i do n't think we should see it as shooting practice as there are plenty of humane options to practice shooting . 
  why not . 
  what is more likely ... try climb a fence that will hurt as a mother fucker or try climb a fence that will definitely kill you . 
  i mean it comes down to your own decision to make that climb then . 
  if that wedding is in sk\u00e5ne i 'll be damned . 
  because that 'll be fucking hilarious .
