  so if either of them is n't finnish which is the case with you , you 're not ethnically finnish . 
  if a german man and a finnish woman have kids the kids are n't ethnically finnish but mixture of finnish and german . 
  hence they can not call them selves ethnically finnish as you do . 
  i 'm not ethnically finnish either hence i do n't call myself that . 
  i am a finn yes , but not ethnically as the other side of my parents is swedish . 
  you do n't seem to get this as you claim yourself to be ethnically finnish at the same time as you 're egyptian . 
  seriously how dumb are you . 
  clearly no point in talking to you . 
  go on and pretend to be whatever you are i honestly do n't care as no matter what you say your still not `` ethnically '' finnish and neither am i. 
   this is just so much fun . 
  if you have an egyptian cousin you can not be finnish ethnically . 
  if your mother of father is egyptian your not native ethnically finnish . 
  it 's just impossible . 
  no matter how hard you try to convince yourself that you 're ethnically finnish you aren . 
  your as little ethnically finnish as i 'm ethnically italian . 
   and ethnic parentage makes you ethnic finnish dumbass . 
  so how are you egyptian then idiot . 
  muslim , egyptian and apparently native finn yeah right . 
  times are changing . 
  this is actually very interesting to follow from a historical perspective . 
  tensions in internal politics seem to be going on everywhere . 
  europe seems to be wanting to pull back from a lot of eu integration and the us seems to want to pull back to more traditional american politics with less intervention and less government . 
  seems to be like the people of the world were n't as happy about this intertwined globalised world as our politicians first thought . 
  at this point these are still small tidal changes but growing , wonder where it will take us ? 
  lol, 
  oh lord you 're just too sensitive for your own good . 
   you went ape shit on circumcision , not me . 
  i went ape shit about what i perceived was a racist comment about european muslims who should `` go home '' . 
  you on the other hand , bothered to state that hitler was right on the issue , that religious practices do n't belong in the nordics , and that all muslims and jews can ` go home ' to do so . 
  so who here went ape-shit about circumcision ? 
  and please tell me how it 's a coincidence that an openly anti-muslim guy with a history of being called a racist on reddit manages to praise hitler and call for all muslims to go home in the same thread ? 
  but still not a racist , no of course not . 
  just a massive bigot i guess . 
   i had a nice nights sleep and i see you 're still going . 
  parenting does n't make you finnish either . 
  where did i praise hitler ? 
  if you refer to the statement above i agreed with the view that circumcision has no place in the nordics . 
  if hitler said that i 'll agree with him , does that make me agree with everything he says ? 
  if i agree with you on that the sky is blue , it does n't mean that i agree with everything else . 
  your just pathetic , juvenile and have managed to once again confirm my view on fanatic muslims like you . 
  oh and on reddit there are tons of people like you who call everyone racist as soon as they do n't agree with you . 
  sure call me racist if that makes you feel better . 
  maybe i 'm racist , who knows , the definition of racism seems to be diluted every day . 
  do i loose sleep over it ? 
  i just stand behind my opinions no matter what you think or want to call me . 
  at least i 'm honest . 
  have a nice angry day . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
   you are unnecessarily offending people by calling them racist , without ever once even trying to understand ( agreement not required ) the reasonings behind their opinions . 
  these kind of idiots are all over the place . 
  screaming racism to everything and playing offended . 
  i honestly feel sad for them as their only way of defending their opinion is to play the racism card . 
  did i say that ? 
  no i did n't . 
  your username just says it all to be honest , one of these looking to get offended people . 
  my woman likes my dick as it is . 
  well the muslims want to keep their traditions pure by doing this to their children , why should we not want to keep ours pure and not allow it ? 
  now for me it 's a question of the right of everyone to make that decision when they 're old enough . 
  for you it seems to be a thing that has to be twisted to something else . 
  hence i want to turn the argument you just made . 
  norway produces it 's own natural gas . 
  and the need in finland is about 10 % of which can be replaced from other sources than russia or replaced by other sources of energy to which there already are plans . 
  you said it , not me that you 're egyptian . 
  so that 's it . 
  and you were the one that went ape shit over the issue of circumcision not me . 
  a passport does n't make you ethnic finnish , pakistani or chinese , it 's just a piece of paper . 
  point being is that you 've proved me right and continue to do so . 
  also you 've stated before that your roots are in the middle-east which once again makes you not finnish . 
  i do n't care to be honest , but you make claims that are n't true and i pointed them out . 
  end of story . 
  i 'll keep on enjoying the angry post you make , you seem to have so much joy in your life . 
  i 've not hidden the fact that i do n't like muslims . 
  i do n't like them at all . 
  i do n't mind immigrants and i do n't care if your black , white or yellow , but if you follow the most violent religion on the planet i 'll have my reservations . 
  and yes i do find people who scream racism to everything to be idiots . 
  night !, 
  i love how easy it is to piss you off . 
  you 're just a fanatic muslim nothing more . 
  end of story . 
  and no matter what or where you were born you 're not a finn as you yourself say here :  [ i 'm egyptian ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/egypt/comments/1qz6f1/hamas_accuses_egypt_of_worsening_gaza_siege/cdjj3vw ) you 're so full of shit and lies it 's hilarious . 
  anyhow wo n't waste more of my time on you . 
  is i said the only people behaving like you are muslims and leftist . 
  and you 're both quoting your own words :  [ fyi , as a muslim and a marxist . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/communism101/comments/1zhw8u/what_are_some_good_marxist_analyses_of_islam/cfu00qz ) and no , your not ethnic finnish either so stop lying and behaving like the ass hat you are . 
  and if you beyond all logic would be a converted finn it just shows how off the rails you are . 
   you are overreacting , behaving childishly and interpreting messages with a persecuted and hysterical slant . 
  amen, 
  well already know you 're muslim so that proves my point and seals the deal of you having anything smart to say about this . 
  your hitler references are tiresome and make me recent you and the people you represent even more . 
  also i 've never said i 'm not right wing . 
  not extreme right but i 'm conservative if you need to know . 
  i do n't mid immigration as long as it is positive immigration . 
  i do mind muslim immigration as it has only brought with it problems . 
  everywhere you look in the world it always seems to be the muslims creating the problems . 
  just go and look at all current armed conflicts in the world and see for yourself who always seems to be the other party . 
  so call me racist , fascist or what you want if it makes you happy . 
  what i do know is that this little discussion made me even more convinced on the fact that islam does n't have a place in a european society as it simply seems unable to adapt . 
  religious circumcision of children has no place in a civilised society . 
  when the child is of age he can decide if he wants half of his dick cut off or not . 
  until then the tax payer shall not have to pay for it .
