  we have more than 4 million in need of jobs just in spain . 
  and the immigrants from iraq and afghanistan did n't come because of wwii   if it helps you understand , everything in america is at most 400 years old . 
  i do understand this , i used to live there and americans are among the nicest people there are . 
  my aim was n't to bash and complain just to explain , 
  you 'll get there . 
  good question . 
  what i 'm saying is that the eu has stopped being amazing . 
  eesti ... whats wrong bro ? 
  you still have news do n't you ? 
  i mean i know about at least the major things going on in the us from just following the news . 
  i know the names of all the states of the us and where most countries in the world are located . 
  this is also something i find lacking among many americans . 
  now i 've lived in the states and i do n't hate america . 
  i do n't think most people in europe hate america . 
  i need to generalise to answer this so here we go . 
  what we do not like on a fundamental level is : * the us spying on us * the us creating wars all over the place and let us take the immigrants * the us anti terror laws that have affected us . 
  * us foreign policy in general minor things many europeans do n't like : * overly sensitive , everything is nsfw , bleeped , everything is racist ( even if its a britt telling a simple joke about the french ) , * americans are loud . 
  wooop woop whistle whistle yeaaah wooop when you come to visit us * americans thinking that america is some amazing place with freedom . 
  it 's a joke , we have more freedoms in each european country than you do in the us . 
  * all the crap such as gmos , washed minced meat etc. 
  that you try to lobby for us to allow * american lack of knowledge of other countries * lack of respect for historically significant buildings/monuments in europe . 
  do n't climb up our monuments and take stupid ass pictures . 
  it 's most likely been there for close to a thousand years or at least 400 years . 
  just because you do n't have to pay entrance and it is n't gated does n't mean you can do what the hell you want just to mention a few and of course this does n't apply to everyone . 
  europe is amazing the eu is n't amazing , anymore . 
  until they block the protons from accelerating during the next election . 
  we ca n't have free protons can we now . 
  yes . 
  but one thing that i 'd like to know is how that would be organised if we say had an eu army . 
  you do n't need to refuse outgoing information . 
  they do n't need all that information . 
  i 'd say it would be fair if they could keep it for three months . 
  i mean there would always be three months of data which is more than enough to provide the services properly . 
  the problem now is that they store it indefinitely . 
  i mean what do they need the data from 15 years ago unless google wants to send you a congratulations card on your [ insert amount of years ] since you lost your virginity . 
  now that 's cool as hell . 
  i guess the observers have n't gone to saudi arabia . 
  thanks !, 
  thank you !, 
   what exactly do you think would change for the people as opposed to the current situation ? 
  we would not have to follow the continental politics and brussels to start with . 
  we have more in common with each other and say the germans than the rest of the continent . 
   and do you think the richer countries would just accept financing the `` poorer '' regions ? 
  all nordic countries have a sound economy and you do clearly not know much about nordic history . 
  the [ nordic council ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_council ) has existed as long as the eu . 
  we 've cooperated within the nordics for far longer than we 've been in the eu . 
  we 've had passport free travel within the nordics since 1952 , a nordic social security convention was implemented as early as in 1955 . 
  just with passport free travel we did it long before the eu and the list goes on . 
  the eu does n't offer us anything that we did n't have to the extent that we would need to be in the eu . 
  the only thing that the eu has done to nordic cooperation is to reduce it . 
  i know you russians are fascist so this does n't come as a surprise . 
  go and suck some putin dick and shut up . 
  sweet . 
  lol , 
  still begs the question why the uk is so controlled ? 
  is there some cultural background to this , or did this just happen ? 
  no just awesome . 
  first of all we 'd get more autonomy to conduct our business without intervention from brussels . 
  we are already culturally alike , our policies and societies are built the same way . 
  we would become one of the richest countries in the world , we 'd be completely self sufficient with regards to all major natural resources . 
  just to name a few . 
  also a very diversified economy with high tech industry , forrest industry , oil , gas and mineral industry plus a solid industrial back bone . 
  now all this is split up between the different nordic countries . 
  edit : found this : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2010/nov/02/nordic-federal-state, 
   internet filters that you need to ask to not get ? 
  there are n't any . 
  i 've never had any filters enabled . 
   [ since the end of 2013 new internet customers in the uk have had their internet access filtered at the isp level so that selected web sites are blocked . 
  an ongoing program is being introduced to extend default blocking of prohibited content by isps to existing users . 
  a voluntary code of practice agreed by all four major isps means that customers have to ` opt out ' of the isp filtering to gain access to the blocked content . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_censorship_in_the_united_kingdom ) regarding this . 
   cctv everywhere ? 
  you 're not excused . 
  bad , bad boy !, 
  lol what has luxembourg done to you ? 
  welcome !, 
  ah well that 's a different story . 
  well of course the people are allowed to do whatever they want with their own money . 
  wtf is russia pretending that this is some sort of wrong doing against them to use ones own money as one pleases ? 
  i was being ironic . 
  i mean that we do n't need more immigrants as we have enough unemployed our selves . 
  i see we get downvoted for not being pro eu here  never fails . 
  i do n't see any benefits of being in the eu . 
  being in a nordic union has huge benefits for all the nordic countries . 
  ah thanks . 
  makes more sense now . 
  well to be honest i do n't think russia has any obligation to any country financially . 
  especially if the country does not want to be part of the russian sphere . 
  so i 'll give russia right on that one . 
  but then again i do not agree with the bullying done by russia . 
  yes . 
  i live with an english speaker . 
  she does n't speak a word of finnish . 
  well now she 's started learning but yes you can . 
  screw the hippies who complained . 
  by the way , why is everything so controlled in the uk ? 
  cctv everywhere , internet filters that you need to ask to not get etc. 
  etc ? 
  is it a cultural thing or what is this ? 
  no no for gods sake no it will become radio active , glow in the dark and drop off in a year .
