  did n't limerick used to be the stabbing capital of ireland ? 
  tesco used to put those things on fucking everything . 
  once at the tesco in rathmines i saw this chap in the store putting them on olive oil bottles . 
  he did n't get the joke when i told him to put some on the tomatoes while he 's at it . 
  centras used to at least have them in some places in dublin . 
  the one at east wall i 'm fairly sure used to have them . 
  then again that area has a lot of nice additions to humanity roaming around at times . 
   cornthingy high fructose corn syrup . 
  it 's the ball juice of the devil himself . 
   but , i mean c'mon mate , finland only accepts 750 refugees a year . 
  why should be accept any more ? 
  give me one good reason except ooh they need help . 
  we can help them more closer to home than here . 
  much has happened since those nuts were in government . 
  i think that the latest elections and these euro parliamentary elections showed them that there 's no way the finnish public would accept that . 
  the 2006 euro barometer showed that 71 % of finns were against a turkish membership and only 24 % said they would support it . 
  the 2010 euro barometer gave 71 % against and 25 % support . 
  so i think it 's quite clear that the finnish public does not want turkey into the eu . 
  thanks , 
  so what is the issue . 
  he has a business and he has the full right to use any benefits he want and receive the benefits from other using the benefits they have the right to . 
  it does n't undermine his ability of wanting change . 
  cameron is a fucking plank . 
  he 's lost so much credibility that nothing he says has any value anymore . 
  sure i like that he tells the eu to bugger off but he promised the british people a referendum and has just come up with excuse after excuse . 
  the we have his internet filters and all other moronic ideas . 
   turkey 's possible membership in the european union ( eu ) turkey will never become a member . 
  ever . 
  it just wont happen as even the most pro-eu-expansion politicians know that if they let turkey in , it will be the absolute final end to the union . 
  just goes to show that the majority of the immigrants people are protecting while saying that they are refugees are in fact not refugees . 
  i do not mind helping people in need but most of our immigrants form mena are in fact not refugees at all . 
  very much so . 
  who 's ever claimed that it would be ? 
  government spending works like a multiplier in the economy . 
  so government spending even through debt will result in economic growth . 
  however this only works to a point . 
  once the level of debt reaches a threshold of x % of gdp other effects kick in . 
  cost of borrowing is another and once a government has a hard time rolling its debts the governments ability to increase spending decreases . 
  as this article as well states :  they did , however , still find a negative ( albeit weaker ) negative correlation between debt and growth . 
  even if a negative correlation between debt and growth seems undisputed , this does not imply that debt is harmful for growth , since correlation does not always imply causation . 
  the only thing this study says , is that it suggest that there is :  ... little evidence for a negative long-run effect of sovereign debt on economic growth . 
  the problem with quantitative economic studies are that they do n't take into account qualitative factors . 
  such as political risk , social atmosphere etc. 
  which can escalate to civil unrest or any number of other issues that will effect cost of lending or even the output of the nation . 
  if greece would be used as a simple example we could make the case that once a governments ability to roll its debt diminishes civil unrest and political deadlock will follow . 
  this will further increase the cost of borrowing and deepen the crisis . 
  if the governments debt is below , say 90 % , its ability to act within the financial market is much greater . 
  even when sudden changes emerge in the global or domestic economy . 
  arguing that this study finds that sovereign debt is not harmful to growth , is not only wrong but very narrow minded ; it 's merely a conclusion based on data that can not take into account the full complexity of a government in an economic crisis . 
  as it does n't make any such claims :  while high levels of sovereign debt may surely be a burden for a country , the claim that debt is harmful for growth is not supported by our results . 
  it merely shows that the results of ** this study ** do not support the claims . 
  the swedish mep married away her own daughter when she was only 16 years of age and she expects to be taken seriously as a woman rights activist  not only that , this corrupt moron also openly supports the roma tradition to marry away their children . 
  i knew it was bad but this bad . 
  good job getting these fuckers caught . 
  sometimes i wish we still had public hangings . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  we have recycling of everything else like you guys . 
  the only thing is this bottle/can recycling that is different . 
  it works as finland recycled 90 % of its cans and bottles which is the highest in the world . 
  reason they decided to go with that was to not get people to throw the cans and bottles everywhere when not at home . 
  now if you throw one in the trash can in the city some hobo will see it and take it to the store to get 20 - 40 cents depending on the bottle . 
  i 'm so lazy i could not be bothered to recycle cans if it was n't for the fact that i got money back from it . 
  when i lived in ireland i just threw them in the normal trash . 
  i can imagine very many are like me . 
  bad people : / edit : the belgian vat on food is to my understanding 6 % . 
  soft drinks are in 99 % cases counted as food items . 
  as i said in another reply here . 
  finland also has a sugar ( unhealthy food tax ) . 
  so for each kg produced the manufacturer is taxed 95 cents for each litre they are taxed 11 cents . 
  this they transfer to the customer . 
  so on a 0.5 l bottle you have the 5.5 cents sugar tax , retailers profit , 14 % vat and finally the recycling deposit . 
  of a 2 $ bottle about 34 cents are just taxes . 
  if we assume the retailer puts a 20 cent margin on it we get : 2 - 0.34 - 0.20 - 0.20 = 1,26 $ which is almost the same as in ireland . 
  each bottle includes a recycling fee between 10 - 40 cents which you get back ones you return the bottle to a recycling spot which exist in every grocery store . 
  same system in sweden . 
  stops people from throwing out empty cans and bottles and reduces waste . 
  these are then shipped back to plants where the aluminium is melted so it can be reused and the plastic bottles are heat and chemical treated so they can be used again . 
  if they 're no longer usable they are shredded and this material is used in the manufacturing of other materials . 
  here 's a short story about it : http://www.goodnewsfinland.com/archive/news/finland-tops-the-list-of-bottle-recycling-countries/ on top of the recycling fee/deposit we also introduced a tax a few years back that targets unhealthy food and beverages with a high sugar content etc. 
  of that price , 14 % is vat , 10-40 cents depending on the size of the bottle is a recycling deposit . 
  the manufacturer is taxed 95 cents per kg or 11 cents per litre of high sugar products such as candy , soda etc. 
  this is obviously transferred to the customer . 
  so you could say that for each 0.5 l bottle 5.5 cents is added through the sugar tax , then the retailers profit , 14 % vat plus the recycling deposit , which explains the big difference in price . 
  they do n't have the recycling fee in ireland which you do in finland . 
  lol vacation . 
  we ca n't have that we need to make the eurodream happen . 
  no ones got time for vacation ... 
  guess you did n't care to read the rest of the comments . 
  why am i not surprised that this post do n't get any upvotes . 
  it 's not the article he feels is spam he feel that all these post about ukraine are spam . 
  you 've posted seven ukraine or russia themed posts here since yesterday so i 'm pretty sure it is that what annoys him . 
  for all i care keep posting , 
  i 've seen that for razors in amsterdam . 
  we do n't put these on items much in finland either . 
  some store in city centre with a lot of people going in and out have razors in those . 
   razors are usually kept in these types this is the case around the world . 
  razors are basically a global monopoly product of gillette and they sure ask insane prises . 
  depends on the brand though . 
  this is one sad picture . 
  you know people are desperate when broth cubes need to be put in security cases .
