  i 've driven a lot in germany . 
  road quality wise finnish and swedish highways could definitely be without speed limits . 
  i 'd say the same could be said for most northern and western european countries at least . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhrgiwat22m https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyb7dywi4g8, 
  the whole eu should take after germany . 
  such a twisted pro-eu title on this post . 
  nice . 
  should that not then mean that they 've legalised it for commercial sale . 
   when i read stuff like that , as a german , i like replacing `` gypsies '' `` immigrants '' `` romanians '' ( . . ) with `` jews '' and read it again . 
  so intentionally making up content that does n't exist . 
  beside you germans should seriously start talking about your history and not just brush it under a mat and ban everything that even remotely touches the subject . 
  this is why i ask the above user to define hate . 
  i think you are talking about norway and oslo where it was reported that : `` politiet i oslo har registert rekordmange overfallsvoldtekter i \u00e5ret som gikk , og sier at gjerningsmennene utelukkende er ikke-vestlige innvandrere . '', 
  translated to english :  the oslo police have registered a record number of assault rapes in the past year , and says that the perpetrators are exclusively non-western immigrants . 
  http://www.nrk.no/norge/rekordmange-overfallsvoldtekter-1.6944861 regarding finland : according to official statistics 21.0 % of all rapes have been committed by foreigners in finland . 
  foreigners only comprise 2.2 % of the population . 
  the report is n't made by a national television station but by the * the national research institute of legal policy * . 
  so i 'd argue that it very much is based on actual fact no matter what you try to convince yourself . 
  the problem with you people are that you refuse to look at statistics and just try to say that they are biased so that it suits your argumentation . 
  numbers do n't lie and the methodology is open for anyone to use to go and replicate the results . 
  that is how science works . 
  here 's the recent study from 2012 that show similar results : `` forcible rapes , thefts , and robberies were offences where foreign suspects were most clearly over-represented in 2009-2012 ( forcible rapes about 15-25 per cent , theft about 13-14 per cent and robberies about 10-14 percent of all suspects ) '' . 
  here is the summary in english : http://www.optula.om.fi/material/attachments/optula/julkaisut/rikollisuustilanne/rikollisuustilanne2012/fz6emxxhl/summary17.pdf, 
  problem is that some people see everything as racism even if it is n't . 
   if you check my posts i have a history on voicing my opinions on this topic . 
  i do n't need to check it , it 's the only thing you do . 
  it 's firmly been noted . 
  and exactly how is that suggestion tied to genetics as you so loudly proclaim ? 
  it is n't it is a statement that stands completely on its own outside the realm of genetics . 
  if you 'd labeled it as a culturally predisposed tendency i would agree with you as it in fact very much can be said to be so . 
  but do n't make statements of me mentioning that genetics has anything to do with it as i 've not said such a thing . 
  you 're just making a fool out of yourself . 
  as i 've already outlined in this thread i am open with my views and it is up to people to decide if they think my views are racist or not . 
  it 's not up to you . 
  what my views are , are clearly stated here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/26a4we/racist_hatespeech/chp4fsy completely out in the open . 
  so no one needs you to tell what my opinions are , i can do it myself . 
  i think people have the intellectual ability to judge what i say for themselves and do n't need you to tell them what to think . 
  or are you suggesting that everyone in here is so intellectually challenged that they need you to assist them in drawing their own conclusions and building their own assessment of others ? 
  you 're view on humanity is quite frankly scary . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  it might , it might not . 
  it 's not a researched enough . 
  some science argues that it does some say it does n't . 
  it 's an interesting question . 
  what is shown is that inbreeding does affect intelligence which is a phenomenon more prevalent in some cultures than others , but then it would be an issue derived from cultural traditions rather than racial per se . 
  there is research that suggest the people from east asia have on average the highest iq of any ethnic group but i do n't know the validity of that so i can not say it is true or if it is n't . 
  if you ask me if research on the subject should be done . 
  then my answer is that all sorts of research should be promoted no matter if it 's research which tries to prove the existence of god or research that aims to understand why one form of insect lives longer than another . 
  i mean science is the most amazing tool we have and we 're the only species on this planet that has the mental capability to use logic and analysis to explain our reality . 
  fundamentally any academic field of science no matter what it focuses on should be promoted as long as the methodology by which they conduct their research is up to the highest academic standards . 
  not once have i said that the gypsies problem is based on genetics . 
  something you have concocted yourself . 
  what i have said and still say is that their culture seems to be such that it is very hard to integrate to a western society or many other societies for that matter . 
  i ask the question that at what point do we ask if it is our fault or theirs that one group ( gypsies ) are universally hated in each country they exist . 
  that has nothing to do with genetics and a lot to do with common sense . 
  in fact you are trying to censor , it is the only reason you 'd make such a post . 
  the sole reason is that you want that to end , you want those opinions that do n't suit you to be pushed down and made quiet . 
  you are in fact anti democratic to the core . 
  nothing to do with racism but merely the fact that we as humans are different . 
  why do you have some desperate need to twist that to racism ? 
  are you saying that the evidence that shows significant differences between race and certain illnesses is racism and not medical science ? 
  are you saying that the whole concept of say demographics is racist by nature ? 
  your way is crazy . 
  seeing racism everywhere is limiting to any form of intellectual development . 
  where did i ever post rape statistics for finland ? 
  and this blog you 're referring to is so objective . 
  what you are preaching is a / r/europe where only opinions you deem proper are allowed to be voiced . 
  that if anything is a fascist mindset . 
   i know that their next argument is : if the genetic material differs enough for this , surely inteligence is affected by them . 
  a mentality like that will stop all progress in science . 
  we still know very little about us as a species , there are still many answers that needs to be addressed to create a better society , better healthcare , better understanding of social structures and so on . 
  define hate , define hate speech . 
  hate in the sense of political opinions is very subjective . 
  i feel molested :(, 
  stopping people from expressing their opinion is `` taking away others rights . 
  oh god . 
  this guy is insane . 
  seriously . 
  he has a thing against me , because i called him a leftist-hippie . 
  which i did   [ ramblinrambo also called me a hippie and a leftist . 
  which i absolutely can not just swallow . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/264bgf/farright_fever_for_a_europe_tied_to_russia/chnuvl0 ) he 's not mentally completely there so i suggest we give him a little space to rant . 
  i 'm honest so i 'll set the record straight once and for all . 
  this is where i stand : * i think that the eastern expansion of the eu was huge failure and will be the end of the eu * in my opinion the romanian gypsies that have shown up in almost every major city in europe are a problem and a direct result of this expansion . 
  a problem that should be addressed . 
  the roma i 'm talking about are a menace . 
  * i think that muslim immigration to europe should be stopped as it is in my opinion the single biggest threat to the european way of life where woman and men are equal . 
  something which has taken many years to accomplish and it has n't even completely been accomplished yet . 
  the values that islamic culture is bringing to europe directly undermines this progress . 
  * in my opinion all non-eu immigration should be stopped to the eu except for a limited amount of refugees . 
  once the conflict is over the refugees should return to their home country . 
  immigration that are the result of direct recruitment from outside the eu to fill actual need meaning that the person has a job when they enter eu soil should be promoted and prioritised . 
  * in my opinion the eu should through a unified front put resources and personnel to secure our borders . 
  shoot at the boats if necessarily to send a message . 
  in my view the human trafficking is a major issue and without proper border security poor people will drown in not seaworthy boats , they 'll be used and in some cases sold as prostitutes etc. 
  this need to be stopped . 
  * some member nations in the eu should be excluded from the eu if it is to survive i do n't have anything to hide with regards of my opinions . 
  i 'm completely honest . 
  if the above mentioned opinions make me a racist so be it . 
  i do n't need a moron following me around obsessively to say that i 'm a racist .
