  you and anyone that does n't agree with the opinion is as free to debate the issue . 
  well why not . 
  at least they have more reliable news on the bbc than euronews at least in my opinion . 
  i might be wrong , but limiting the broadcast to such a minor player as euronews is just weird . 
  which is precisely the problem . 
  it is clear that media in some countries are more biased than in others . 
  just look at russian media relating to the ukrainian crisis . 
  i mean it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that there are differences between countries when it comes to media as there are differences between countries on most issues , hence it should be measured . 
  bbc world, 
  their job is to tell the story from as many angles as possible . 
  if the information is provided to them from one perspective only they are to dig or find a source that tells the other side of the story . 
  sure enough . 
  but some countries have a more biased group of journalists than others and measuring this would be very interesting in deed . 
  that is kind of what i want to get at . 
  freedom of the press is secondary to the objectivity of the press in my opinion . 
  the `` best country '' should be the one with the most objective and free press . 
  well you can clearly read what i mean ca n't you . 
   freedom of the press only has value as long as the press is objective . 
  if the press uses its freedom to undermine objectivity and freedom of unbiased information it has no function . 
  if media takes a political stand be it on the left or on the right it is n't doing its job . 
  well if you want to play confused so be it . 
  both norway and switzerland as any other sovereign state outside the eu can decide themselves who they let in or not . 
  but as an eu member you can not stop immigration from one eu state if you are to follow the philosophy and idea behind the union you 're a member of . 
  the fact that opinions are made illegal and the expression of them is scary as hell . 
  no matter if i agree with your views you should still have the right to say them . 
  was thinking the same . 
  the press in sweden might be free but it 's very tainted by leftwing journalists and then we should ask the question how objective they are . 
  freedom of the press only has value as long as the press is objective . 
  if the press uses its freedom to undermine objectivity and freedom of unbiased information it has no function . 
  the whole concept of far-right is flawed . 
  if you look at national socialism it is very much to the left of the scale . 
  furthermore , the reason that `` far-right '' is on the rise in many nations across europe does n't mean that the parties are national socialist or fanatically nationalistic without socialism . 
  most of the parties labeled as the `` far-right '' by media are n't far right , they 're just conservative . 
  lobbyist is the key word here . 
  there 's no evidence on if it is good or bad as no one has ever exited the union . 
  most likely for a country like the uk it can only gain from not being part of it . 
  business in london 's financial district is so developed that it wo n't go anywhere as long as taxes are kept on a reasonable level . 
  furthermore financial instruments are just information and it will continue to move over borders as it has done before . 
  i 'd support a uk exit , hell i 'd like to see a swedish , finnish and danish exit too . 
  we do n't need the eu to conduct our business and the biggest importers of our products are in much our biggest importers so both parties have a mutual interest in keeping the trade free . 
  domestically we can allow free movement from specific nations as is done by norway and switzerland . 
  to be honest , people should know english by now and if they do n't they 'd better start cracking at it . 
  i can understand the older people however but the younger generation does n't have any excuses for not mastering english . 
  which one is the one that wants less eu powers ? 
  why the hell do they use euronews ? 
  are you mentally challenged or what ? 
  read what i said . 
   history is not bound to repeat itself , as people did learn from the past - at least most of them . 
  * wink wink *  feel free to contact me when i missed greece becoming a global superpower or something , or at least when they manage to stop fucking everything up . 
  i 'm done here , you 're not worth the time and effort . 
  makes not to be passed down to my great great great grandkids so they can laugh at greece still being in the shitter . 
   you realize that greece is a land of endless beaches , un-touched nature and un-polluted land correct ? 
  that wo n't help you in the real world of paying your debts dumb ass . 
  besides the only thing of greek nature that is untouched are a few dusty hilltops and due to corruption you pollute everything around you . 
  [ heres a food example of you bs ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-25454100 ) , you have over a ** thousand ** illegal landfills and you call that unpolluted ? 
  my ass crack is cleaner than the whole country of greece . 
  i mean you 're so full of shit it is n't even funny . 
  the nordics are fully energy independent as a region and only use gas as an extra because it is fairly cheap and that amounts to about 10 % of the energy needs , other countries can do this as well if they want to . 
  so you 're once again completely of the wall wrong . 
  neither is greek corruption and the fact that it is a chronically failed state . 
  he 's complaining about greece having to pay interest rates and the fact is that every nation needs to pay interest on its loans . 
  he calls them profits which show a complete and utter lack of understanding of what interest rates are . 
  interest rates are a risk premium , they are the premium for when you do n't pay . 
  the higher risk of a borrower you are the higher the interest rate will be . 
  so for greece to get loans that do n't come with extremely high interest rates other countries need to guarantee these loans , meaning that if greece decides to not pay they will haver to pick up the tab . 
  the same way your parents might guarantee your first mortgage . 
  the question is n't if greece should or should not have defaulted in this specific discussion , it 's a separate one . 
  i 'm myself fairly sure that greece would have been better off if it defaulted and left the euro . 
  problem is that the emu member states did n't want this as it would hurt the euro as an idea more than actually hurt it ( at least that is my opinion ) , so to keep greece in the emu they had to do something and that was to bail them out . 
  by having the other states bailed greece out it gets access to cheap credit which it would not have had access to otherwise . 
  even with a greek exit from the emu they 'd still be a high risk country to invest in kicking up their interest rates and then people like the one above would complain even louder over profitable loans etc. 
  as they do n't know anything about economics to start with . 
  lol maybe i did . 
  thanks for sharing this information . 
  terrifying maybe , but the most terrifying it is n't . 
  communism is . 
  russia has n't really done a good job of getting the ukrainian people to like them . 
  cossacks , i hear about them often but i know very little about them . 
  are they still a very tight net group of people or have they merged into the rest of the country ? 
  how are they different from the other ukrainian culturally ? 
  genuinely interested . 
  i completely agree . 
  now we only need the danes to agree with us and we have a unified nordic front , 
  they 'd be screaming islamophobia and racism all the time to the extent that all the pc politicians would n't dare to go against them . 
  you are right , i did a poor job explaining what i meant . 
  what i meant with enough countries was that enough countries would support it for the last one to accept because they do n't want to be `` that guy '' . 
  then again some countries feel very strongly about a turkish membership and that 's why i do n't see it ever happening . 
  apologies for my badly formulated sentence . 
  my experience from living in the us is that it varies a lot from state to state . 
  in the warmer climate states people have lemon or other citrus trees , further north they have apple trees etc. 
  herbs , tomatoes and such are grown quite much but not to the same extent as here in europe from what i 've seen . 
  then when you go down to new mexico , arizona and so on the climate is n't really as kind for growing most of the things we 'd have in our gardens . 
  used to live in nj and the irony of it being called the garden state is that people did n't have much more than a lawn with a fence . 
  some had a bush here and another there , but the gardens were n't much for gardens . 
  same here in finland . 
  it would be a total catastrophe if they joined . 
  bye bye to the eu over night . 
  not that i 'd complain if the eu disappeared and got replaced with a new union with fewer powers and fewer members . 
  turkey in the eu would be the final nail on the coffin . 
  turkey is first and foremost culturally too different to ever function in the union without conflict .
