  fortunately enough i was n't one of these call centre people , but almost every job in tech in ireland is customer service or support . 
  ibm , paypal , xerox , symantech , creative etc. . . out in ballycoolin are all call centres . 
  salesforce and microsoft in sandyford are also almost completely phone sales or call center for support . 
  google ( google maps ) and oracle out in east point all call centres except for a few positions . 
  facebook is also that sales , as is linkedin and twitter . 
  the `` high-tech '' industry in ireland is almost completely support or sales functions while r&d is done otherwhere in europe , and the majority of the ones working in tech in ireland are foreigners . 
  about 90 % of the people you meet in ireland that work for any of these big tech companies are foreigners . 
  mainly spain , france , germany and young adults from the nordics that come to work in ireland for a year while they figure out what they want to study in college . 
  irony is that the it-infrastructure of high-speed internet , 3/4g are all under developed in ireland . 
  expensive and un-reliable . 
  on top of that add huge electricity costs compared to example the nordics . 
  if the irish politicians would truly want to develop ireland to a tech hub they 'd need to invest billions in just getting the basic it-infrastructure up to a level beyond the rest of northern europe . 
  but that would mean taxing these companies which i do n't see them doing . 
  taking us back to the initial question on what the actual long term gains are for the irish people and ireland in general , when it comes to giving these enormous tax cuts to these companies . 
  nope dublin . 
  damn wrong city ...  give a shout if you 're coming down to helsinki !, 
  welcome  where abouts are you living ? 
   you 're deluded to say these companies are not giving anything back . 
  i 'm not saying that they 're not giving anything back . 
  where did i say that ? 
  i 'm questioning how much they give back compared to what they are given . 
  when it comes to irish infrastructure and comparing it to other north european nations it is sub par and that is just the reality of things . 
  no need to be patriotic about it as it 's not meant as an offence but rather an observation . 
  also , my criticism is n't towards ireland but rather the politicians running the country . 
  economic growth is good , but there needs to be checks and balances to it . 
  there 's only as much ireland can get away with before it gets into too deep of a political conflict of interest with the rest of the eu . 
  something a small country like ireland can not afford . 
  i 'm not saying turkey is n't progressive . 
  although the last few days have n't really been putting turkey in good light . 
  but i still think it is a cultural conflict waiting to happen if they join the eu . 
   http://imageshack.com/a/img713/7751/dich.png i 'd not want a federation and especially not one with turkey in it . 
  it 's culturally too different to ever work in the long run . 
  thought as much , 
   but you might be slightly retarded now i 'll just let that one slide as i honestly do n't think you meant it . 
   since eu does n't have common defense and foreign policy . 
  this is exactly the issue i 'm trying to point out . 
  if we 'd focused on this instead of all other pointless things we 'd be better off . 
  fdi is a complex thing and not just something that is automatically good . 
  the problem is , that from what we can observe without actual tax data it seems like ireland is n't getting as much as it is offering from the multinationals . 
  nothing stops any country from competing with ireland , that is true . 
  but other countries want to secure a tax base so that they can offer the welfare services their citizens demand . 
  this while many of them had to bail out ireland after the financial collapse , further deepening their anger . 
  which has to be understood . 
  if ireland is to enjoy the benefits of the union they also need to live according to the standards set by the other nations . 
  but as i said , i personally do believe that the fdi stream has n't always been to the benefit of the irish people . 
  this is just my belief and i might be wrong . 
  but just looking at the infrastructure in ireland that is lacking on so many levels , begs the question ; what are these companies bringing to the party ? 
  unemployment is as well a double edged sword . 
  if the unemployment rates are down by the use of contractors one might ask if this is a sustainable way to go and how sustainable and stable the unemployment levels are . 
  no one is saying that you 're doing anything wrong . 
  some are just questioning if this will be sustainable in the long run . 
  the last economic boom in ireland did n't give any satisfaction to the belief that it is a long term solution . 
  the measure of ireland doing right is in my opinion if ireland can keep attracting multinationals and other industry while not sacrificing the needs of the state and the people in the long run . 
  having worked at big tech in ireland this is so true . 
  it saddens me that ireland has in a way sold its soul to these multinationals . 
  obviously ireland needs the cash but at what point does one stop bending to every wish and demand . 
  it 's an awesome country that has much to offer but now it just seems stuck between a rock and a hard place doing anything to please big business . 
  this is even hurting the irish young who in greater and greater numbers have to work as contractors instead of getting real full time permanent jobs . 
  just look at microsoft out in sandyford , 70 % of their staff on site are contractors . 
  people who do n't get any bank loans even if they were to work there for years . 
  they 're keeping the already troublesome irish housing market in a status quo . 
  i 'd like to know if these companies actually bring in any big money to the irish state or if they 're just become a nice-thing-to-have phenomenon . 
  what it surely has done is that it has diluted irish workers rights and made everyone less secure in their jobs . 
  all because the politicians are too afraid they 'll pack up and leave . 
  maybe it 's just me , but i hope ireland starts to shift back a little to a more conservative stand on business so that some order can be established . 
  now it bears the mark of an eu tax haven where corporations do what they want . 
  the eu is just toothless evening tea club with nothing to say about anything except introducing idiotic laws and regulations within it 's member states . 
  come on , this is the same eu that ca n't manage to keep countries in check internally over spending , what do they imagine to do ? 
  europe has been taken over by a hippi-leftist-political-elite who has neglected the big neighbour in the east for far too long . 
  cutting down on military spending and failing at an internationally united political front on most issues whilst focusing more on gender equality and other pointless shenanigans , such as reducing nuclear power . 
  now they all sit there with a `` what the fuck happened face '' wondering what to do , and how they became slaves to russian gas while they have not even tried to focus on changing their infrastructure and defence to secure their future positions against russia . 
  seriously , whoever thought that russia would just become a good ol' neighbour after being a totalitarian state since the times of the tsar is a complete and utter idiot . 
  democracy does n't happen over night and we 've seen this before . 
  it was just a matter of time before russia had started to get its house in enough order and for a new `` strong man '' to take over so that it once again could be a major player in the world . 
  sometimes i feel like my generation is doomed to fail as they 're too damn blue eyed and politically correct for their own good . 
  while we mess around with debates on whether it is ok to have separate female and male toilets from an equality perspective asia and russia is gaining momentum and soon we 'll be the ones producing cheap clothing and transistors . 
  call me selfish but i 'd rather be at the head of the table than give up my spot so that i can become the janitor . 
  now let the downvotes rain . 
  well then you 've obviously not worked in tech . 
  a lot of tech companies want to provide a good , solid and satisfying product not taking their customers for granted . 
  being the polar opposite of microsoft . 
  problem is that most people do n't know the magnitude of globalisation and what effects it has . 
  it 's not the re-organisation of our economies it is much more . 
  it has international political implications that effect our day to day lives . 
  for some it has been a great thing and for others not so much . 
  especially in the west a lot of people feel that it 's been a very bad deal for them . 
  this is the reaction we 're seeing now . 
  now i can only speak about what i know and i know from having been inside ms that this company has no other interests than money . 
  no pride in anything they do and they do n't care who they sell their information to as long as it earns them a few pennies . 
  you do n't understand do you . 
  being ethnically finnish and being finnish are two different things . 
  never said anything else . 
  having a passport does n't make you ethnically finnish as you claim , it 's as simple as that . 
  you are a damn disgrace to humanity and this is the last line of text i 'll bother writing to you as you simply are too stupid to understand . 
  for the future learn the difference between ethnicity and citizenship . 
  yes they are . 
  the sell products that they know are broken , they do n't fix security issues before they have to and well the list goes on . 
  as someone who 's worked for this company i 'm not surprised at all . 
  if there is one company who 's products you should avoid as much as possible in the it-sector it is microsoft . 
  well your genes are from either your mother or your father .
