  inflation measures the rate at which currency looses its purchasing power . 
  this is tied to the creation of money by our financial institutions . 
  inflation is hence normally tied to the availability of currency , when the supply of currency increases the less value each denomination of that currency has . 
  when a country enters the euro the price increase is faster than the normal rate of inflation as the loss of purchasing power is n't solely derived from the increase of available credit . 
  therefore calling the prise increase just inflation when it comes to countries entering the euro is in my opinion not an accurate explanation of the phenomenon . 
  prises rise die to inflation yes , but the rise in prises we 've seen when a country introduces the euro is not related to inflation and is much faster than the normal rate of inflation . 
  the biggest issue is as you say that companies do increase their prises as people are n't as used to the figures i.e. 
  what is expensive and what is n't . 
  prices will rise like they did in all countries after the introduction of the euro . 
  oh dude ... you just stepped on a ** huge ** land mine in this subreddit . 
  it 's made up by these people and add some pro-eu on top of that . 
  however , anarchism can not fairly be seen as a leftist ideology . 
  per definition they do not want any state at all whilst communism want a very strong state . 
  i have to say that i sadly do n't know much about bulgaria or bulgarians . 
  if this reflects my fellow countrymen i do n't know . 
  but i have neither bad or good to say as i honestly can not say i know almost anything . 
  i shall at least read up more on your country . 
  and people wonder why they should not be allowed into the eu . 
  i find it insane that people think gambling is morally unacceptable . 
  i also think it 's cultural . 
  many countries have horse meat as part of their diet , not as everyday but every now and then . 
  it 's really tasty and good . 
  the lady in pink is hot . 
  meh ... he 's just too much . 
  i like him , but he 's not the right guy to be the pm . 
  horse meat is so good . 
  never understood the scandal . 
  how come so much crap is allowed in food in the us ? 
  i mean this is n't the only unhealthy thing they allow in food there that is banned almost everywhere else . 
  south korea was a surprise though . 
  if someone would have asked me i would have guesses at least top tree . 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  never knew about them having coding for kids , that freaking amazing . 
   but it is really different thing to pay a lot of taxes so that a complete stranger 200 km away from you can benefit this is how we fundamentally think . 
  i know that in 99 % of the time i 'd not even be closely related or know the person who gets to enjoy the benefit but i do n't care . 
  some day i or someone close to me might need it as well . 
  nothing to do with nationalism or patriotism , it 's not like i feel that it 's a thing i do for my nation . 
  thank god someone got me . 
  cos we like to be drunkiesshshss, 
  i applaud you , as it feels nice to hear it come from someone that does n't represent a majority christian country . 
  this , what you 're saying is very much how many people feel . 
  the extent to how it is the reason for sweden getting this score in this measurement i do n't know . 
  non the less an important discussion . 
  that 's the spirit . 
  lol and we 'd get great weed and hookers . 
  start draining that damn thin already !, 
  but ... that 's not fair . 
  his username sound ... well like one of the `` stans '' which makes it even more weird ... hmmm ... 
  that 's why we prefer scotland ... , 
   i 'd sell my kidney to be able to live in denmark . 
  sounds like a quote from weeds . 
   ... and science are hardly worth mentioning i am happy to take criticism but i recommend you revisit that statement and look up some facts . 
  if he was american he 'd call us liberal , gay and tree hugging socialist pacifist hippies . 
  it makes you a pickled egg that smells surstr\u00f6mming . 
  i do n't agree with the racism thing . 
  just swedish media that went ape shit over it as they did with the finnish swastika pastries that are actually stars . 
  no it 's not just the best analysis i could come to . 
  i mean there 's no real answer to how certain sociological behaviours occur . 
  one thing we do know is that climate and natural resources affect the way societies were formed . 
  but the rest is just speculation . 
  ooooo just imagine if you got 1 cent form every sperm cell . 
  i 've literally flushed down millions :o, 
  maybe ... if you promise you 'll be more willing to play and share your toys and not just be grumppy . 
  [ oh belgium , they 're so silly ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceg6nqkhd70 )  jokes aside i can very much see what you mean . 
   i 'm not entirely sure it will last . 
  [ think that boat has sailed ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/94/fredrik_reinfeldt%2c_statsminister_sverige%2c_under_sessioen_i_kopenhamn_2006.jpg ), 
   sweden has one for sure , for better or worse . 
  in deed , they just changed their mansions to spraying champagne on people at stureplan . 
  can we send our snobs there as well ? 
  please . 
  but greenland is n't independent per definition ... so you still got hope . 
   `` we dont see ourselves as better than other people - we just live slightly into the future '' thing is , even if we know that we 're doing well in some areas most nordic people do n't think they do . 
  we always feel like second best and nothing is ever good enough . 
  seriously sometimes i 'm amazed how negative we are about our countries . 
  i do this myself . 
  this is why i move abroad every now and then and when i move back i can appreciate things . 
  but after a while you 're back to square one . 
  so northerners that have n't lived abroad very much will never think that they are best . 
  even if we win something in games , become first in a comparison of countries people just say `` meh ... that 's just a fluke we 'll loose that spot next year anyways ... '' . 
  i mean it is truly depressing if you think about it . 
   which i think goes away if you stick around . 
  this is very true . 
  i 've lived in a few countries and different cities and at first it is all exiting and new , then you just become a part of everyday life a peg in the wheel that is every day life and the grind . 
  it is at that point you really start to learn the culture , the life , the ups and downs of an society . 
  now unfortunately i 've not lived in slovenia so i can not really say anything about your country . 
  finland takes the price on being negative over its achievements . 
  the only thing they genuinely admit they did well was to not loose their independence to russia . 
  otherwise as soon as some good news pops up about us doing well in one thing , there are three articles the next day saying that the measurement was flawed because of a , b and c or that if we do n't do c , d , e well be doomed . 
  ffs enjoy the good new sometimes and not just when we do well in ice hockey . 
  interesting , i 'll have a look . 
  thanks . 
  yes please . 
  named as in jack , bob and charlie . 
  i wish , 
  to be honest , sometimes i wonder myself . 
  i mean looking at our politicians you wonder how they know their ass from their elbow . 
  sure we 're doing well , and we are being portrayed as some super success stories but it is n't all a dance on roses . 
  but if i 'd try to analyse it i 'd say that : i think what helps us is that we have since a long long long time ago had to rely on each other women and men alike . 
  before the convenience of modern technology you had to have someone to help you carry logs so you would n't freeze your ass of in the winter . 
  food was hard to come by and we had to rely on each other .
