   and i 've been seeing between the lines to see how practical we can get . 
  guess you did n't look close enough . 
   not only are you being a bigoted ignorant shit , you 're being one hell of an egotistical cunt . 
  egoistic i might be , ignorant i 'm not just practical . 
  damn you !, 
   if you 're already afraid of the russians now when they 're not pissed off , it boggles the mind why you would n't take out extra insurance . 
  because we do n't need it now . 
  and most likely we wo n't need it in the forceable future either . 
   and yet estonia is a nato member . 
  and your point is ? 
   why ca n't you give a reason in text ? 
  because there are n't any ? 
  because there are hundreds of reasons . 
   i do n't have the opportunity to watch videos here and now , and i generally avoid it because it uses a lot of time to say very little . 
  maybe you should so that you know what the fuck your talking about . 
  as it is now your talking out of your ass . 
   nato membership of finland does not impact russia christ your stupid . 
   obviously not effectively - because they are still coming , it is not about numbers it is about effective ways to invest i guess and now who 's fault is that ? 
  the ones who gave the money or the ones that spent it ? 
   also if you take into consideration that several countries in mediterainian and middle east were destroyed ( mostly by the west ) and left to rot in past few decades , we can only expect more immigrant , not less what country do you live in . 
  seems like there 's a lot of space there , so why do n't you take them ? 
   ok let us just sit and do nothing and see how good that will be , i am in perfect . 
  finally we agree on something . 
  although i still want the borders closed . 
  lol i 'd make it my empire . 
  send all the slackers to you in europe and chill under a banana tree with some hot ladies . 
  not a death camp of you can leave whenever you want . 
  just say where we are to take you . 
  well uk not being tied by the ecb allowed them to act according to what was best for the uk so it goes to show that the eu and the emu is n't some magic pill we can not live without . 
  i think it 's about time the people of uk get to say what they think and it is their right to do so as long as britain calls itself a democracy . 
  pro-eu-hipsters call the eu the greatest democratic feat of all time , while they are happy to neglect democracy when it suits them . 
   hmmmm ... yes hmmmm ... and exactly why would i take the blame for someone else ? 
   can we make those few countries to pay for reparations and fix those countries by themselves ? 
  suggest you go and check how many billions they 've poured into these countries already . 
   if not something else has to be done - right ? 
  no , it is n't our problem . 
  one can not sit and be a victim for the next 100 years . 
  either they decide to do something to help themselves or they do n't , but that 's up to us . 
  we have no obligation what so ever to help them . 
  we can decide to do so but we 're not obligated to do so . 
  finland is in afghanistan even without nato as is sweden . 
  and sweden has 500 troops in afghanistan which by the way is the same number as the netherlands so what is your point exactly . 
  you 're clearly not informed enough for this debate . 
  besides the operation in mali is not a nato operation so even that you got wrong . 
   maybe because its also one of the most populous countries in the world ? 
  they 're just 300 million on a whole fucking continent for themselves ( excluding canada ) . 
  just the eu has 500 million and we 're not even close to the size of the us . 
  well this is how i see it . 
  we 've told them nicely and they keep on coming 2 . 
  we 've told them firmly using words and they keep on coming 3 . 
  we 've sent them back and they keep on coming so the only real option left is to scare the living shit out of them until they get the message . 
  i can promise you that once they learn that if you sit in that boat you either drown or get shot to hell they wo n't sit in that boat . 
  unless they 're suicidal . 
  people talk about human dignity . 
  but it is n't dignifying for them to sit in some illegal immigration camp for years , and we can not afford to support them all in our societies as there simply is n't enough money to do it , and we can not let them loose to roam our streets and live in some park either . 
  so the only long term humane solution is to ensure that they do n't come here . 
  if that means that we have to take drastic measures to get the message across , so be it . 
  the fact that people who refuse to see a solution to a problem based on some ungrounded concept of `` we need to help everyone '' scares me . 
  i hope you grow up some day . 
  it 's completely sfw . 
  it 's a guy speaking . 
  so are you saying that they can not blame themselves at all that they can not get their shit together ? 
  they have the resources if they just wanted to improve . 
  we 've given them billions and noting has happened except corrupt politicians getting richer . 
  this should be mandatory for everyone to watch : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle, 
  why do we need to be the saviours of africa ? 
  just because a few of our countries had colonies there and were dicks to them . 
  the most of the europeans nations did n't have jack shit to do with it . 
  no i 'm just practical . 
  i mean if asking nicely does n't work it 's time to tell firmly . 
   no wait we already have a fast car http://www.carzi.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/12/lamborghini-police-crash.jpg.jpg, 
  is it a human right for me to move into your living room and expect you to pay for everything . 
  not only that i 'll also bring 50 of my mates with me . 
  somewhere we need to draw the line and stop with this hippie bs and help them in their own countries instead . 
  if you are talking about natural resources , africa still is the riches continent in the world when it comes to natural resources . 
  so if they just stopped fighting and killing each other , or raping kids to cure themselves from aids , or eating albino children to get a better erection they might be on their way to a better life . 
  blaming it on the west got old 20 years ago . 
  i trust in you more than that 35223582992736 dude . 
  well at what point are we going to say that it is time for them to get cracking at getting their home turf in order . 
  this is what i think as well . 
  soon enough they 'll learn and if they still continue to take the risk it is n't our problem . 
  it 's not my problem either if you decide to piss on the third rail of subway tracks either . 
  well we did n't force them to come here . 
  they made that decision completely on their own and have to take the consequences . 
  this is why i love austria . 
  to the nearest shore . 
  as i 've said before and i 'll say it again even though the hippie-leftist-super-pro-eu-nuts in / r/europe do n't like it . 
  we need to completely stop the flow of illegal immigrants and that need to happen now . 
  do n't apologise . 
  every country has it 's fair share of extreme-right/left , hippies and other morons . 
  just how the world is and people who were n't born brain damaged get that and we do n't need to bother with the ones that do n't get it , 
  there will be some form of full blown war be it political , economical or in worst case physical in that part of europe very soon . 
  it 's been boiling for a long time and it wo n't calm down before the matters are settled in one way or another . 
  hitler and gays in the same image for representing the eu do n't really go hand in hand at all . 
  i mean if they want to convey the eu as something the people do n't like , they should have picked one or the other . 
  it 's like trowing water on a fire and try to say to people that they 're seeing lightning . 
   and you imply that this probably will last indefinitely and therefore you do n't need nato . 
  nothing is forever . 
  but why on earth would we go and piss the russians off now ? 
  it 's easy for european nations that do n't trade with russia , do n't have a insanely long border with russia to preach sanctions and nato membership .
