   also they backed the most corrupt politicians in our country and that ignored the will of the people when we tried to change them . 
  eu destroyed our economy and transformed us in a market for eu goods . 
  this is a point that should be made much clearer . 
  many of your countrymen even in this sub sing praises of the eu on a non-stop basis . 
  i think that romania was n't ready for the eu . 
  if we would have had a genuine interest in helping romania we 'd invest and trade with romania but not enforce some eu-imperialistic political pressure on romania forcing romania to take decision it does n't want to take . 
   and now they want to jump ship because of the mess they created . 
  sincerely agree with you . 
  the whole eastern expansion was a major mistake that will come to be the end of the eu . 
  the majority of the eastern countries were not ready . 
  so blaming you for problem is wrong , it was `` our '' creation . 
  but now `` you '' are a problem due to moronic decisions made by our politicians . 
  there 's big difference there . 
  the east is n't a problem because of it being the east . 
  the east is a problem because the west allowed in when we knew it was going to be a problem . 
  we should have waited and supported you so that you reach a level of development where everyone wins when you join . 
   i do n't think it will because i fear the new surge of euroscepticism will slow that down even more . 
  an independent central bank is not dependant on political winds by default . 
  it 's main task is to ensure growth and inflation targets and this it can do better if the economies are more homogeneous . 
  now the situation is such that you have economies such as the greek , spanish and portuguese that are n't really moving nowhere . 
  we have economies such as the germany that despite a strong quarter show signs of slowdown and netherlands , nordic etc. 
  which show lesser economic growth than they should . 
  the ecb is between a rock and a hard place . 
  it has extremely weak economies and economies that are about to break because it can not do two things at once . 
  this situation will be the exact same wether there is a right wing leadership or any other . 
  the fundamental question here is if the euro zone needs to be reformed . 
  separating the zone to two currencies would also be an option which has been discussed among economists . 
  two central banks for two different currencies would allow similar economies to be under umbrellas that suit their needs the best . 
  i personally can not see the euro working like it is today . 
  it will most likely fall apart at some point due to internal or external factors . 
  it as it is now is too weak to defend its existence . 
   and a referendum is still a national issue . 
  the eu ca n't start some referendum out of the blue . 
  the national government can . 
  the eu can decide that they wo n't make a decision before a referendum has been held . 
  if a nation opts to not do so then no decision will be taken . 
  then that nation has to answer to the others why it refused to do so . 
   if i was in charge britain would have had it 's referendum yesterday but their politics are stagnant , solidified and imo bound by their fptp model and their leading parties did n't have too much reasons to admit to a referendum in the past britain i agree very much deserves a referendum so that that matter can be laid to rest . 
  you have to excuse for not being able to give a logger reply . 
  i 'm on my phone right now . 
   and ? ... 
  that 's a national issue is n't it . 
  the thing most eurosceptic parties are on about is immigration within the eu . 
  romanians terking jerbs , etc also the echr blocking them from taking all nationalities away when it comes to ukip which has really nothing to do with the eu . 
  it 's not a national issue . 
  once you 're in the eu you can move freely . 
  so , e countries are more easy on giving permanent residency rights than others and once they do there is n't much stopping them . 
  some like malta are giving citizenships to the highest bidder . 
  once again giving the buyer full access to the eu without much more than a years residency in the case of malta . 
  inter eu immigration is also an issue when our economies are so different . 
  you are allowed access to local social security if you decide to move and work in a different country but there is no regulations on what price you are getting paid to do that work for . 
  meaning that low cost labour is forcing out domestic labour while enjoying the benefits of the social welfare system . 
  reducing tax revenue from income tax but still resulting in more costs to the welfare state . 
  this is also an issue the eu desperately needs to address . 
  it was n't a major problem before the eastern expansion . 
  in the nordics we had free movement and social welfare between our nations long before the eu . 
  it worked as we were economically equal also on the level of social welfare and income levels as well as cost of living . 
   straight up bankruptcy basically now their debt is pretty much guaranteed . 
  bankruptcy has many benefits to it and therefore it is very much used in the private sector as well . 
  looking at the history of the greek state if we take greece as an example it would n't be the first time . 
  allowing nations such as greece to join the monetary union was a big mistake . 
  the proper due diligence was never made as the dream of the emu overtook the reality of things . 
  an exit by the greek state from the euro would be a cost but in the long term it would greatly improve their possibility to get back on higher feet as a sovereign state and it would improve the euro zones ability to do what it was meant to do . 
  furthermore it is not really the same to say that the eu parliament vote or national parliament votes are the same as a referendum on if or not a nation should exit the union . 
  in a referendum the people get to decide i one issue and not the complete political spectrum for a whole parliamentary term . 
  brushing it all off as national issues will never solve anything and will only result in a status quo that will boil over one way or another . 
  what i do n't understand is that pro-eu supporters say that the eu is the future and we can have a federation when they 're not even prepared to accept that people have differ opinions and let democracy decide on each major issue rather than just parliamentary ratifications . 
  sorry for any forms of typos but tried my best to type on this damn thing . 
  damn and here i was waiting with a pickaxe . 
  i like you . 
  not in a homonormal way though . 
  well at least we 'd have german efficiency everywhere ... 
  good luck with that in this sub . 
  it 's one giant pro-eu-leftist-masturbation-club . 
  sweden never had any significant colonies to any extent as compared to france , uk , netherlands etc. 
  furthermore what does the slave trade have to do with the eu ? 
  it happened and it 's done . 
  are we supposed to feel universally sorry for the decision made a hundred and more years ago by people we could obviously not have any influence towards ? 
  wanting to make the slave-trade or former colonies some universal moral problem for the whole of eu is insanity . 
  let alone that most european countries of today did n't have anything to do with it . 
  it 's like saying that all australians are inherently criminal because they just might have relations to someone who got deported from the uk to australia because of a crime they committed and that crime just might be a bad one . 
   would n't limiting migration or segregating the euro be directly at odds with those goals ? 
  yes and no . 
  social welfare is one big factor that differentiates the us form europe . 
  in the us you do n't have the same degree of social welfare systems of free universities , free healthcare etc. 
  this makes it much less economically hard for a state or in our case country to take in an influx of people from another state . 
  because we have huge gaps in the levels of economic development between the nations this posts a huge challenge . 
  shall we allow welfare immigration within the union ? 
  what rules should we have when it comes to this ? 
  the uk system is in much , the least protected ones and has attracted much inter-eu immigration , and many argue because of this . 
  but the inter-eu immigration is still a small issue , the big issue is non-eu immigration . 
  something that we really need to get cracking at . 
  most people do n't mind being able to move and work all over the continent . 
  most people do n't mind having free movement of people within the eu . 
  but what they do mind is free movement of non-eu immigrants . 
  what comes to trade , i do n't see anyone being opposed to free trade and a common market . 
  they are issues that even ukip wants to promote from what i understand . 
  trade between nations is n't the issue here . 
  and as many say , `` we do n't need '' a political union to have functioning trade agreements . 
  so a non existing eu does n't mean that it by any means will automatically mean less free trade .
