  line them up and shoot them !, 
  oh wait ... never mind . 
  today 's technology allows them to be in touch . 
  but people who only want money and power want to be in the big metropolitan areas . 
  they 're narcissistic and love to be at the centre of attention , they 'd be less likely to move somewhere where they are miles away form the rest of the society . 
  hence we 'd still have the flow of information and less likely to have people like herman van rompuy leaching on us . 
  steve jobs stole them !, 
   [ this ] ( http://www.dailystormer.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/romanian-girls..jpg ) well thanks , now i got a boner at work . 
  thank you !, 
  yes , that would be amazing !, 
   i do n't see how denmark could possibly prevent it this is why you are not in sync with the real world . 
  look up that referendum again as i said in my previous post . 
  on top of that greenland can not survive economically alone , its whole social structure is on its head with huge social issues . 
  not to forget that oil and gas will become even more important in the future which i doubt will lead to denmark giving it up . 
  the site i linked to does n't matter as the poll was made by tns gallup and is available for anyone to study . 
  seriously i 'm all up for a debate but you are clearly clueless . 
  there 's also a reason why these `` angry '' finns are in norway working . 
   to me it seems like the nordic countries that border each other have about as much in common as any other bordering countries in europe . 
  you go on believing that . 
  how old are you , 19 and still all confused ? 
  when i lived in ireland and looked deeper into the whole oil deal the irish government made i was amazed . 
  i mean how drunk where they when they did that ? 
  so does ireland but we do n't want you . 
  not in a bad way but you 're just too different , 
   greenland will gain independence in a few years based upon what decision ? 
  i suggest you study the greenlandic self-government referendum from 2008 a little more closer . 
   the ** finns ** ( and possibly the icelanders ) do n't want to learn one of the mutually intelligible a scandinavian languages anymore . 
  swedish is the second official language in finland and we have a strong swedish speaking minority who 's main language is swedish to which i myself belong . 
   and swedes , norwegians and danes have also started understanding each other less and less . 
  based upon what exact fact ? 
  i 've never understood danish but norwegian . 
  language is secondary anyhow to the people feeling like they belong to a community . 
  nordic people have a strong community from a very very long time ago . 
  seriously at least come with something real if you want to make a point . 
  this is just empty bs on so many levels . 
  besides a recent poll showed that 49 % of swedes and 50 % of finns would like to exit the eu in favour for a nordic union . 
  of course . 
  nukes is a must if you do n't want russia to push you around . 
  maybe sweden still has some [ blueprints lying around ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_nuclear_weapons_program ) . 
  there was something about it in the news a week back . 
  but it 's not decided yet to my knowledge . 
  edit : found this news article : http://yle.fi/uutiset/fresh_consideration_for_helsinki-tallinn_tunnel_plans/7170404, 
  no ... it did n't work out that well . 
  now we 're getting somewhere . 
  i 've asked that question many times . 
  unfortunately i was too young to be given the possibility to vote on it . 
  well how 's that working out for them if we 're completely honest . 
  i mean i like india and been there a lot but would not call it a success of any sort . 
  yes . 
  i 'd be open for it . 
  but that would call for an election as i doubt all feel as i do . 
  but you do have a few things going for you . 
  it is i guess . 
  i 've spoken english since a kid and live in the states and ireland so i guess i 'm an exception of not having finglish . 
  because latvia just ... just does n't feel nordic at all . 
  i mean estonia is already a little different but just not different enough to be weird . 
  they 're like the little brother that became a hipster . 
  already being planned . 
  well thanks . 
  now i 'll read mailman every time i read the news . 
   fell into the sea . 
  ok folks , let 's fix this . 
  grab your shovels . 
  nope , i 'm from finland , 
  never . 
  my dream nation ? 
  well it would be a federation with finland , sweden , norway , denmark , iceland and estonia . 
  faroe islands svalbard , \u00c5land island and greenland are also counted in through their respective countries . 
  the nordic federation which is not a member of the eu . 
  the federal government would run foreign policy , financial policy , security etc. 
  while each state could have autonomy on issues like the states do in the us . 
  the capital should be in reykjavik just so that only people who genuinely are interested in the best of the country would run for office instead of career politicians . 
  takes more to make the decision to move to the middle of nowhere ( sorry iceland but i hope you get what i mean ) . 
  texas rocks !, 
   the population of northern ireland would have to be completely stupid to vote for it . 
  ouch . 
  as someone who 's lived in ireland i honestly do n't know how many of the younger generation really care about the whole northern ireland becoming a part of the republic issue . 
  might be different in different parts of ireland , but in dublin where i lived people seemed to just in general think that the ira are a bunch of idiots . 
  english should be made the official language of the eu . 
  seriously the only acceptable option and it would make things so much better . 
  thank you for explaining . 
  no i 've never been to the baque country but would n't mind going , 
  we drink the most coffee in the world in finland : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_coffee_consumption_per_capita they are in every house , office etc. 
  coffee is everywhere and if a business would not give it out for free to their employees there would be a strike in two seconds . 
  my first `` holy shit moment '' was when i worked in the us and the company did n't have free coffee for its employees . 
  needless to say i did n't stay there for more than a week . 
  sounds silly but i wo n't work without coffee in the mornings . 
  touch my coffee and you 'll die . 
  fuck the muslims , seriously so fed up with this shit . 
  the longest correctly spelled word in finnish is : kumarreksituteskenteleentuvaisehkollaismaisekkuudellisenneskenteluttelemattomammuuksissansakaankopahan . 
  that is 102 letters , it 's insane and i do n't think anyone would ever use it as it 's impossible to even read and understand at one go . 
  the longest in use finnish word is a military term : lentokonesuihkuturbiinimoottoriapumekaanikkoaliupseerioppilas `` airplane jet turbine engine auxiliary mechanic non-commissioned officer student '' ( 61 letters ), 
  well turkey is n't in europe except for a small percentage of it . 
  same with russia . 
  seems like you 're the one that ignores reality . 
  as someone that does n't know much about the basque country . 
  why is spain such a bad thing ? 
  sorry if i sound stupid , but i genuinely want to know . 
  man that is one sad story . 
  russia needs to just get the fuck out of ukraine .
