  the same as the solution to greenhouse gasses would be to shut down all cars and us stopping using electricity . 
  it 's a solution . 
  is it viable , well depends on the solution and the topic . 
  why get offended about that ? 
  come with a counter argument . 
  or do you meant that opinions that you do not share should not be voiced ? 
  or do you want a one sided debate ? 
  what is it you exactly want ? 
   but something really ought to be done about it . 
  why ? 
  so that we can all pretend different opinions do n't exist ? 
  or that problems some people deem to sensitive to discuss wo n't be discussed ? 
  you are really only speaking for a form of censorship that is down right obnoxious . 
   we can pretend it 's not filled with bigots and racists - just like we do with europe in general . 
  what if you spent the same amount of time debating issues as to be offended ? 
  or why not try to see that there might be something in what is being said . 
  the resent rise in `` right-wing '' parties is a sure sign that , this is an issue europe wants to discuss . 
  so then it should also be discussed in / r/europe . 
  mmmmmm , 
  a [ leopard 2 please !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leopard_2 ) last time i drove one of those was more than 10 years ago . 
  i miss being able to just run over a tree :(, 
  yes !, 
  so you think . 
  they have miniature germans in the side panels !, 
  i want a tank !, 
  would be awesome in the morning rush hour !, 
  fuck off with your hybrid piece of shit ... rambo coming through ... muhauhahuahauha . 
  oh ... you 're so wrong . 
  statistics from statistiska centralbyr\u00e5n ( scb ) from april 2013 show that unemployment among youth in sweden with an immigrant background is 70 % higher than compared to the swedish population in the same group of young 15-24 years old . 
  for a longer story about this you can read [ this ] ( http://www.dagenssamhalle.se/nyhet/70-procent-hoegre-arbetsloeshet-brfoer-unga-invandrare-5527 ) ( it 's in swedish ) . 
  was n't much different in 2011 either : http://www.dn.se/ekonomi/var-tredje-ung-invandrare-utan-jobb/ and the trend is still strong . 
  [ the city of malm\u00f6 ] ( http://www.malmo.se/download/18.31ab534713cd4aa92131c4f/arbetsl%c3%b6shet+och+syssels%c3%a4ttning+i+malm%c3%b6+2012.pdf ) made a report about this recently , and in malm\u00f6 immigrants between the ages of 16-64 ( meaning the bulk ) made up 58 % of the unemployed while only making up 30 % of the population of the city . 
  so a minority of the population make up the majority of the unemployed . 
  so nope , the swedes do not make up the majority . 
  ah ... did n't think about that . 
  my comment was kind off a hint that estonia was left alone :( but they can come play with us instead . 
  so more cheap chinese crap for the masses . 
  just perfect . 
  anyone up for a donut ? 
  who make up the majority of this unemployed youth ... 
  well ... to get self-confidence you need to feel that the people are behind you . 
  if you run around making decision that no one likes then you wont get much praise . 
  so why do n't we take a page from the book of politics 1o1 for idiots . 
  get the people behind you . 
  if you have the people behind you , you can move mountains . 
  do n't do what you think is right do what the people think is right . 
  do n't be power hungry 4 . 
  do n't try to tell people what they want 5 . 
  accept that you were wrong 6 . 
  admit that you were wrong 7 . 
  make a new decision and fast to repair what went wrong 8 . 
  do n't bend for anyone but the people 9 . 
  keep your promises 10 . 
  do n't make empty promises, 
  sweet . 
  i support this . 
  the estonian army might be small , but there 's some mean mother fuckers there  trained with them back in the day during some military exercise . 
  edit : judging from the downvotes some people do n't like estonians :(, 
  let us then agree that we agree on some of it and agree to disagree on some of it , 
  they 're decent . 
  much of what i 've read there during the years has been balanced and sound . 
  not many risen eyebrows over the stuff i 've read there . 
  some have been a bit out there , but mostly a good source . 
  why , oh why , did n't we listen to the people with a brain . 
  no instead we called them fear mongers , racists , xenophobic , ludicrous , conservative-far-right-extremist-nationalists . 
  now let us see how well germany and the lot listen to finland , estonia , poland , lithuania , latvia etc. 
  who have had dealings with russia ever since the beginning of history . 
  no let the people at the atlantic or central europe come up with the solution . 
  should we not ask the one living next to russia for some advise ? 
  haha ... no the ones ... the ones with the longest border with russia in the whole of eu and who 's biggest export partner is russia ? 
  absolutely not , they do n't know anything !, 
  oh wait what , hahhaha ... what did you say ? 
  that they think they know russian diplomacy ? 
  because they lived as a tiny nation along side russia while not being a part of the ussr ? 
  lolzzzz they 're funny , no way !, 
  and hey , while you 're at it ... you know what ... all these countries that once were in the ussr let us not listen to them either , they do n't know shit what they 're talking about . 
  fuck them ... let 's liberate the world !, 
  putin we do n't want your caviar and vodka !, 
  close your borders if you want , we do n't care ... we have freeedum !, 
  oh snap ... forgot that helga and renata we 're gon na have a knitting party in the basement ... gas just went of and ... shit ... we 're completely dependent on russian gas !, 
  hey ... hey ... hey guys ... estonia , poland , finland etc. . . 
  i think we ... we just might have fucked this one up . 
  could you guys help us . 
  please ... pretty please  like we really did n't mean that you guys we 're just talking out of your asses . 
  it was just a joke ... promise ... 
   take for example a speeding ticket that has virtually no effect on someone with a lot of money and a lot more effect on someone who has n't much . 
  in finland it does . 
  here the fine is based on your income . 
  hence we have the biggest euro value speeding tickets ever issued , in the world . 
   the most expensive speeding ticket ever given is believed to be the one given to jussi salonoja in helsinki , finland , in 2003 . 
  salonoja , the 27-year-old heir to a company in the meat-industry , was fined 170,000 euros for driving 80 km/h in a 40 km/h zone . 
  the uncommonly large fine was due to finnish speeding tickets ( when excess speed is considerable ) being relative to the offender 's last known income . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/traffic_ticket so here the percentage does hurt as much . 
  and 20 % is still 20 % . 
  or are you saying that someone that is successful should be penalised for being successful and earning more ? 
   why are you talking about no protection ? 
  because that is what you are preaching :  if group a faces more difficulties in something than group b due to their belonging in said group ( not due to their personal qualifications ) , then if you want an equal society maybe group a benefiting from more help is n't a bad idea . 
  you 're saying that exact thing right there . 
  if group a ( men ) face more difficulties ( more likely to victims of violent crimes ) due to their belonging in said group ( men are a certain group ) ( not due to their personal qualifications ) , then if you want an equal society maybe group a benefiting from more help is n't a bad idea .
