  i do n't want it and nothing to do with it . 
  i 'm all for free trade within the union and working freely in different european countries and living in any european country as long as you are working . 
  but this euro and the shit it has brought with it . 
  since it was introduced the prices at least here in finland sky rocketed and have never come down since then . 
  and now these idiots are talking about a federation . 
  when is europe going to realise that we can not economically or socially take as many immigrants as we do . 
  the idea is great but with uk and the likes who are closing internet faster than any other western nations in the conference it can only end as a joke . 
  ah there ... so three left . 
  damn this ship is sinking and fast . 
  who is left in the aaa in the euro . 
  germany , finland and ? 
  well it is n't such a mystery really is n't it . 
  we have been forced into a union that most people do n't want to be in . 
  we have been forced into a monetary union that most people do n't want to be in . 
  countries taking care of their finances get to pay for those who do n't . 
  immigration is reaching havoc in the uk , italy , sweden , france , spain , the netherlands . 
  muslim fundamentalist have sharia patrols on the streets of london . 
  all while more and more traditional jobs have moved to china and other low-cost nations . 
  then we have the increased americanisation of our corporations . 
  everyone is pushed to the brink for quarterly targets , we do n't work and plan long term as we used to do in europe . 
  we work our asses of doing shitty jobs that do n't produce anything except some numbers on some computer , while a manager is screaming his lungs our because you did n't reach the days kpis . 
  fifty phone calls , 300 folded napkins or whatever pointless thing it is . 
  once we leave our work to go home , we get hit in the face with a dysfunctional public transport system , or taxed-to-hell gas prices . 
  we then go to our grocery store to buy food which has seen its price sky rocket . 
  after that we cook some shitty ass dinner , sit in front of a tv getting bombarded by more ads , all while some idiot is calling you ten times to sell newspapers or underware . 
  after this we go to bed ... wake up ... go back to work ... get called fucking french , italian , english , swede by some immigrant youth at the bus stop . 
  finally at work you get the happy news that you 've got a pay chek ... you open it up and see that the government has yet again decide to take almost half of your salary to send to some idiot project in some corrupt un entity half way around the world . 
  once again back to the couch ... turn on the news . 
  stock markets crash , your house is n't worth shit anymore , your car tires just got stolen and the car put on bricks while you took a shit between the news and the tv-series you were waiting fore . 
  so yeah , people might tend to get angry , pissed of and nationalistic . 
  anyone else not the url having the following in it :  theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/nov/05/**migration-target-useless-experts ? 
  migrants yes , but as it says non-eu immigrants just cost money . 
  to quote myself :  edit : these are the basic forms . 
  * finnish : min\u00e4 * swedish : jag * danish : jeg * norwegian : jeg * russian : \u044f pronounced ya edit : these are the basic forms . 
  exactly . 
  in all countries with more than one or two parties you divide the parliament into government and opposition . 
  i 'd say the biggest problem are the french in most cases when it comes to issues that are of importance for the nordic countries . 
  but fore most i think the biggest issue is that the eu expanded to quickly . 
  but yes , i 'd not have any issues with us leaving the eu . 
  sure we could , but there would not be any point in it . 
  instead we could have free movement of people and goods with the countries we want to instead of like now just be a cash-cow for greece and others that lived beyond their means . 
  i 'd say that your comment quote essentially summarises what by many is felt being wrong in sweden at the moment . 
  every party has skeletons in their closet . 
  but when did you see a swedish newspaper write anything about extreme leftist youth ? 
  or when did you see them dig through the history of members of socialdemokraterna to the same extent . 
  i mean this is what my view is and i believe it ai n't all that far away from how others see it outside of sweden . 
  no because of the damn eu :( i buy mine every time i 'm in sweden . 
  i 'd say the main reason people in sweden do n't know about it , is because it is never reported by the news either . 
  from my experience people in quite many cases see the swedish political climate as almost scary . 
  just look how sverigedemokraterna are being harassed by media as well as other parties . 
  compared to finland where perussuomalaiset are just accepted as voted in by the people . 
  not everyone agrees with their opinions but they are still treated with respect . 
  then the whole politically correct gone ape shit thing in sweden raises eyebrows a lot . 
  in general the discussion is more open in the other nordic countries about everything . 
  whereas sweden seems to talk more about `` j\u00e4mnst\u00e4lldhet och integration '' as some kind of fundamental philosophy . 
  maybe some of the others , like vikin83 could elaborate more . 
  on the other hand finland would get back snus !, 
  lol , might be through though . 
  well time will tell . 
  although the thing speaking for it to work is that we kind off already have a union since long before . 
  but it has never been an official one . 
  apparently there is even a subreddit for it already  http://www.reddit.com/r/nordicunion, 
  i think that on this issue finland , denmark and norway are on the same page . 
  sweden unfortunately has some serious issues with its freedom of speech , press and the way they treat elected representatives that do not share the `` main '' views . 
  i 'd say a nordic union would be much better than the european union . 
  nordic countries have so much similarities both culturally , economically and politically . 
  gunnar wetterberg studied this and it would mean that the nordics would be the tenth larges economy in the world . 
  bigger than russia and brazil . 
  it would greatly improve the political power of the nordics instead of now basically being subjects to the european union . 
  it would be a front runner in technology , research and development , as the nordic states already invest a great portion of gdp in science as do nordic corporations as well by tradition . 
  do n't be so serious it was a joke mate . 
  man when they initiated nordpol for the nordic countries a few years back it made the prices even more expensive . 
  hope this works out better . 
  it is because it is an autonomous region and they wa n't to keep it very traditional . 
  to get the right to own property or land on \u00c5land you need to have lived there five years year round . 
  i think it was five , could be 4 or then 6 but anyhow . 
  hate when tourists do that . 
  once had a german couple set up tent outside our sauna at the summer house . 
  guess if i was surprised when i came walking down half naked to find these two there . 
  in this case they were nice , and apologised once i explained to them how the law works . 
  invited them to stay on my property the night and they even joined our bbq that night . 
  ended up being a nice evening but still , the initial wtf moment . 
  hell yes , welcome scotts !, 
  i 'll take you in to the gang with open arms . 
  and you 'll finally get rid of those english :p, 
  you ever been to ireland and ever heard of a figure of speech ? 
  workplace smoking should be so far from the top of important issues in ireland as humanly possible at this point . 
  your infrastructure is like in a third world country , economy is crawling , majority of the young are in part time employment or working as contractors the rest a whole 30.4 % ( eurostat august 2013 ) of youth are unemployed . 
  half of dublin is full of empty office buildings costing the irish taxpayer shit loads of cash whilst the government can not get its act together and lease them out below market price to at least cut the losses a little bit . 
  nama is however only a partial problem in the bigger picture of irish political failure . 
  even if the irish economy has marginally improved it will still take at least 10 years more for it to even get close to being back to normal . 
  during the 90s crisis in the nordic countries it took them 10-15 years to fully recover and they had their own currency to help them along . 
  the august figures show an increase of irish national debt of a whopping 39 % compared to last year . 
  yeah sure , smoking banns are very important . 
  if only ireland focused more on getting its shit together with what matters , instead of focusing on this kind of shit life would be much better . 
  source : just move back home from ireland, 
  \u017bubr\u00f3wka is the shit . 
  i love it . 
  especially on a hot summers day with some apple juice . 
  simple but awesome .
