  one year i had a good year with my crops and you the next so we shared . 
  climate and a small population in a huge land area forced us to work together in a way that was n't necessary in warmer climates . 
  this i believe created a society where everyone was willing to work together and give some of theirs to the benefit of others . 
  this shows in our willingness to pay sometimes ridiculous taxes . 
  this is also why we 're very equal between genders as we just had to be equal . 
  the short summers meant that we had to be efficient , very efficient . 
  we did n't have time to debate over issues and had to go with the most practical solution . 
  if someone got offended for not getting to say their opinion , so be it , but mostly we just let everyone say their opinion and make a decision fast based on that . 
  this shows in the way we have meetings still today . 
  everyone comes in , says what they have to say , we make a decision , in-out start cracking . 
  if we made the wrong decision we just make a new one . 
  basically our history from before the industrial revolution laid the foundations on where we are today and how we work as a society . 
  so one could say that we today enjoy the fruits of our predecessors way of society . 
  we also never really had a very strong class society . 
  sure we had kings and nobles but even they relied much on the work of the rest of the society so once industrialisation became a fact the upper classes were n't as hesitant to share the riches , which if i have understood it correctly was n't the case in many countries . 
  anyway , there is no clear answer to why we have managed to do so well . 
  i think that 's why we keep on working on getting better all the time as we do n't feel like we are doing so well . 
  we feel small compared to other countries and maybe we have some little brother syndrome that pushes us to try to be best at everything . 
  which comes with a cost . 
  sometimes i wish that we could relax a little bit . 
  take time to enjoy a nice meal , not do everything by the book and just live a little . 
  long story short . 
  it is good to live here , but it is n't a utopia by any means . 
  tell me about it ... 
  i feel flattered . 
  but something tells me i should n't as a male . 
  i think that at least among finns we see estonia as a brother nation . 
  we might give them a hard time and so on but deep inside we like them . 
  for me at least estonia feels more nordic than any other baltic state . 
  not completely nordic but almost . 
  i like the british arrogance to be honest . 
  i do n't mind it , as if there is one thing you brits do well is that you manage to say go fuck yourself in a way that most people do n't realise you said it before they come home ten hours later . 
  where ? 
  people are drunk all the time here  politicians maybe but the people , not so much at all . 
  sometimes i wish we 'd be more reserved with alcohol but then i remember my nice whisky and forget all about that bad idea . 
  we did n't get our wealth for free . 
  it has taken very much hard work and a decision on a national level to get to where we are . 
  norway is a little different as it has oil and gas . 
  politically correct is more sweden whereas the danes , finns and norwegians are fairly out spoken . 
  naive i can agree with . 
  as someone that has lived abroad i sometimes get pissed off over how naive some people here can be . 
  then again norway has ridiculously bad roads with retardedly low speed limits . 
  now germany has much going for it . 
  i mean culturally we 're very similar . 
  having worked in an international environment germans and nordics seem to always go together very well . 
  germany is also efficient in many ways the same way as the nordics . 
  this is why i believe that it would benefit all of our countries if we had a union of our own . 
  lol seriously ? 
  did i say that ? 
  no i said that what is more important is to measure both objectivity of the press and the freedom of the press . 
  something people here seem to have a very hard time understanding . 
  that is a very slippery slope . 
  personal attacks naming a name if based on lies are regulated by law and do not fall under freedom of speech . 
  opinions that are n't directed agains a single person or group of named people is a completely different story . 
  saying that `` i hate finnish people because they 're all alcoholics '' does n't single out any specific finn . 
  is it a nice think to say , no . 
  should it be allowed , yes . 
  sex which is a physical act can not be said to be the same as freedom of expression . 
  i mean it tells a lot about pro eu people when they downvote comments that value freedom of speech . 
  then they wonder why more and more people do not want anything to do with the union . 
  just goes to show that the eu is the new ussr . 
  well i do n't take it personally so i really do n't care . 
  but it is true what you say , 
  since i learned to speak i 've had two languages finnish and swedish . 
  since i was six i had english as my main communication language outside of my home until i was ten . 
  so if the technical definition of mother tongue is that you have had to speak it before the age of three i only spoke two . 
  since i was a child i 've spoken three maybe one of them does n't count as a mother tongue officially . 
  as and adult i speak english at home and at work , swedish and finnish on my free time that is outside the home . 
  christ people are very fanatic about euronews . 
  well anyhow if it rocks your boat so be it . 
  www.bbc.com/news/ you are welcome . 
  well it is available is n't it . 
  just the means to view it is different from country to country precisely like euronews . 
  so now i 'm racist . 
  ok thanks i guess . 
  big government and nationalization sure is left rather than right as just few examples . 
  national socialism as a ideology is very far from liberalism and conservatism which are on the right . 
  hence i 'd argue that if we are to use a scale of right and left national socialism should not be on the right . 
  i 'm not taking any stance on what political ideology is good , bad or ugly i 'm just saying that the use of `` far-right '' is in my opinion flawed . 
  tell me where i can get euronews in finland without having to pay for it on cable or satellite ? 
  same damn argument . 
  what about homes ? 
  i can not get euronews at home without having to pay for it . 
  bbc i get for free . 
  so why not just allow any european broadcaster that wants to air it , air it . 
  the greeks again . 
  i see . 
  well sorry for forgetting that you still exist . 
  i speak three . 
  you sure , i 've watched bbc news in germany many times . 
  i mean it 's not like i get euronews for free at home either . 
  according to who ? 
   euronews says 2.6 million viewers tune in weekly across europe , but that is only a small fraction of the 180 million european households in which the channel is available . 
  its audience share in some individual markets is tiny . 
   in britain , for example , about 0.5 percent of households watch the channel at least once a week , according to the broadcasters ' audience research board , a rating agency . 
  that is about the same percentage that fox news of the united states reaches in britain , despite more limited distribution , and considerably below the 19 percent weekly reach of the bbc 's 24-hour british news channel . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2011/01/12/business/global/12euronews.html?_r=0 seriously seen euronews on a tv once , which is amazing if it is the most watched news channel on the continent . 
   i guess saying some of them out loud is . 
  that 's the problem . 
  i do n't have to agree with your opinion that all jews need to go away but you still have the right to express them .
