  there are huge differences in beer and wine . 
  it is not that it tastes like `` nuts '' it is more that you find that aroma in it . 
  it is very much fun to match food and drink . 
  bud , carlsberg and heineken are definitely piss beers . 
  folk\u00f6l is the answer . 
  having to go to systembolaget every time you want to drink beer is a pain in the ass i guess . 
  there is such a hide difference in 3,5 % and 4,5 % in taste and character . 
  also think that being grocery shopping and just having good beer there makes it easier to take a few with you home in finland . 
  add to that the sauna culture . 
  every time most people go to the sauna they 'll have a beer afterwards . 
  even if it is just one it adds up . 
  amen !, 
  well you can go back to where you came from then if you do not think western values are of any good . 
  oh sorry i forgot , you are a fucking hypocrite . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  and yeah , i guess it differs from person to person as well . 
  well mr. 
  sensitive read it again and think for a fucking second . 
  if you can not see what i am saying then just leave it be until you get it . 
  well look at the economic foundation of the eu and come again . 
  the fact is that eu will fail if the mediterranean countries are the ones we let manage the economy . 
  italy , spain , greece , portugal and now france are all in the shitter . 
  you may think what you want but the truth is that without the north of eu the rest will fall . 
  poor countries are just pointless in international politics , that is how it has always been and will be . 
  you may come with any explanations you want but it still is the standing fact . 
  it is the truth . 
  mama whore is greece and spain takes an easy second . 
  just stating the obvious . 
  you are calling people stupid when you are in fact wrong . 
  so get a fucking life . 
  who cares . 
  israel can do what they want . 
  it 's not like they have nice neighbors . 
  but then again they are n't that friendly to the neighbors either . 
  thinking of it , it is quite insane that there has probably been one conflict or another in that area for 4000 years or something . 
  only thing that changes is the name of the countries . 
  insane how corruption and neglect can drive an entire country and its people into a shit hole like this . 
  man it will take years to get europe out of this mess . 
  hopefully we do not get more countries in this kind of situation . 
  any of our greek friends that can tell how all this has effected your daily life ? 
  well having a masters in economics i very well know what per capita means . 
  however you may want to twist and turn the facts spain is still europe 's little bitch having to take more than it has ever given . 
  some more reading for you : http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2012/nov/22/eu-budget-spending-contributions-european-union, 
  the eu will fail without uk , germany or the nordic countries including the netherlands . 
  so no , the uk has the bargaining power if it came to that . 
  you should stop spending time and go back to work ... oh i 'm sorry forgot that half of your countrymen do not have a job to go to . 
  my bad . 
  besides i do not read the sun as i am not british . 
  thought as much . 
  it is sad in a way that it has become like that . 
  yes it is taking into account the size of the country and population . 
  the north of europe is still paying way more than they get back . 
  so as long as spain can not support itself it should just shut up and do as it is told . 
  racism is just a reaction to politicians trying to force assimilation over cultures . 
  you have not even entered european soil and you are already behaving like the ones that came before you and gave you muslims the bad reputation . 
  i seriously hope you are not let in to any country in europe . 
  typical muslim attitude . 
  when someone questions your sick religion you pull the nazi card . 
  i am so sick and tired of muslims coming to europe and demanding special treatment , sharia laws and what not . 
  if you want your way of life stay in your country . 
  if you come here you better adapt to our way of life or stay the fuck away . 
  when i was in saudi the last time , my girlfriend was not allowed to drive and she had to be covered from head to toe . 
  i did not complain as i as a visitor should respect the traditions and laws of the country i am visiting even if i do not agree with them . 
  six percent is still six percent too many . 
  i like how you muslims like to take examples from a few hundred years ago . 
  well mate , the world has moved on and you are still in the stone age treating women and gays like shit , people without the right to a free life . 
  your talking about an incident in france ? 
  eh ... what about the muslim fanatics that blew up the trains in spain and bombed london ? 
  or the muslim man shooting innocent people in south of france a few months ago . 
  spain still is a net benefactor from eu funding compared to north european nations . 
  spain is extremely dependent on eu funding in all aspects of its economy . 
  i am personally against all bail outs countries should take the pain from their idiotic decisions . 
  to be honest , i personally think we have enough muslims here already . 
  the ones that came before you did not do a very good job in promoting you guys . 
  tell me !, 
  they are too busy trying to create the european united communist federation , they do n't have time for this . 
  in their little world we are all going to be the same soon . 
  well having come back from london a few days ago and realising that i see more british people here at home than i did there it seems like you have your own little invasion going on there . 
  spain should tread carefully . 
  being in the economic shit hole as they are completely and utterly dependant on other european nations to help them get out of the mess they have put them selves in . 
  stunts like these will ensure that there will be even bigger political opposition in other euro-zone member countries to support further economic stimulus to spain . 
  sure gibraltar is closer to spain than it is to the uk geographically but if the people do not want to be a part of spain why force them ? 
  especially when spain has problems taking care of what they already have . 
  as a finn i say shut up both of you and give it to us , as we are n't hippies and afraid to not give it to people that would gain politically from it , 
  every now and then we see a debate here in / r/europe about the scottish independence . 
  the latest in this thread : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/27lcjx/antimonarchy_protests_persist_in_spain/ci23712 now my question is . 
  what are the biggest reasons and arguments for the scottish independence ? 
  depends on where you live . 
  some countries before and some after . 
  for me it 's after the number . 
  depends . 
  but in general i find that european people are against the republicans . 
  mostly because they 're not really knowledgeable about us politics and just think what the news told them . 
  most newspapers here are n't really republican friendly . 
  also for us even the democrats are very right wing and europe is more left in the sense that social welfare , free education and health care are very important for us . 
  making us politically very very far away from the republicans . 
  then we have people who know more about us politics that and there you can find different opinions . 
  i used to live in the us and if i 'd been a us citizen and voted i 'd most likely vote republican as i agree with their view on small government among other things . 
  my problem with the republican party is that it 's so lost its touch with what it used to stand for . 
  there 's basically no difference between them and the donkeys anymore .
