  nuclear can more than well cover the energy needs of a country . 
  only comes down to the number of reactors . 
  the nice thing about the nordics is the mix of renewable and nuclear . 
  we have a very steady supply of energy and when one sector is n't producing enough in one country in the nordics power is transferred from the neighbouring nordic country . 
  basically we could argue that the nordics as a region is independent when it comes to electricity . 
  heating as mentioned above is n't done by gas in the nordics and very little electric heating as well . 
  with norwegian oil/natural gas production this is yet another good argument for the nordic countries to leave the eu and start a nordic union . 
  similar nations , cultures and economies . 
  we do n't use gas for heating in the nordics . 
  waste energy from power production and waste management is used to heat water in cities which is pumped to every building heating it with that . 
  in rural areas it 's almost completely wood as we have more forest than we know what to do with . 
  sweden is however gradually removing nuclear :(, 
   map thanks for the map !, 
  you can tax a part of the profits and the let the state allocate it . 
  depends on what country you live in . 
  the nordic countries as an example use very little natural gas . 
  for power the nordic country production is a mixture of mainly nuclear , coal , hydro , wind ... 
  if i remember correctly the average energy production in the nordics of about 30 % renewables . 
  imports of electricity to finland was 16 % in 2011 , what this number is to the other nordic countries i do n't know . 
  norway i 'd guess is very energy independent and finland had started building new nuclear power plants with the goal of being completely energy independent once these are built . 
  i think energy independence is what the eu should focus on . 
  not only in electricity but also for logistics which can go hand in hand . 
  of course russia cutting exports of natural gas will have an effect but to what extent is very dependent on each country . 
  i think if i do n't remember completely wrong that east-europe is the most dependent on gas from russia . 
  biggest problem in europe are all damn hippies who want to shut down nuclear power . 
  if we want to live in peace we need to be energy independent . 
  use nuclear and take a percentage of the profits of this energy production and invest in research of renewables . 
  this way we get the good from both . 
  using one technology that we want to move away from to fund the research and development of alternatives . 
  otherwise we 'll just be the bitches of countries like russia . 
  reading your comments in this thread no language seems to be your first language . 
  first one talks about roads the other one about highways . 
  seriously what is wrong with you ? 
  no i do n't want to fight russia , why would i and where the hell did i say that ? 
  and yes i 'd rather be dead than a slave . 
  your final point is once again completely retarded . 
  me or finland ? 
  in case of me no i 'm not war mad . 
  in case of finland it is an unfortunate must . 
   finland too has been cutting defense spending until now . 
  seems to have been quite a wake up call . 
  all parties are talking about increased funding . 
  lol  jokes aside our summers are usually really warm and quite long . 
  this is why finland has the second most artillery pieces in the eu only surpassed by france . 
  their duty is to bombard the border and erect a wall of lead as it is called . 
  finland also has enough ammo in storage that we could fire non stop for an insane amount of time . 
  yup ... telling my woman this all the time . 
   what you have to understand that finnish regards independence as the only way to guarantee existence of the finnish people . 
  there are only 5 million of us which makes it possible to ship us to siberia to just die there . 
  thus it is better to fight till the end than to surrender and hope for the best as nothing good could come out of it . 
  this is probably the biggest factor at play . 
  even i who normally do n't give a damn about much of things would rather die fighting than being a slave to russia . 
  well i 'll try to go into more detail . 
  as mentioned below there are things that are common knowledge as their not easy to hide . 
  as the roads that also can serve as airfields in the case of war . 
  it 's quite obvious when you drive down a road and it suddenly gets insanely wide and paved in the middle of nowhere  [ here 's ] ( http://www.paramotor.fi/!cid_002201c671c2$e5ae7e50$6500a8c0@koti.jpg ) a picture taken from the air of one of them . 
  as you can see it is a small two lane forest road that suddenly gets wide as hell . 
  all highways have sections that are straight and specially reinforced that will allow fighters to take off and land from them . 
  these sections are n't obvious as they still keep the same width as the rest of the highway , they 're just straighter sections and if you know what to look for you 'll notice . 
  all important bridges and sections of infrastructure have sections in them made so that they can easily be filled with explosives and destroyed as to hinder the movements of the enemy . 
  in major cities , especially helsinki , there are tunnel networks connecting different strategic locations allowing troop movements effectively . 
  the defence force also has weapon stashes stacked around the country and every bigger building or area has to by law have a `` bunker '' built for the civilians to take cover in . 
  these are marked with [ this sign ] ( http://www.maatilanturvallisuus.fi/images/images/1802_0604_62f.jpg ) and in case of an emergency or areal alarm you should seek the closes one of these . 
  they are heavily reinforced parts of buildings with steel doors that even help to seal out gas from chemical weapons . 
  the law states that every building or group of buildings exceeding 1 200 m2 has to have one . 
  subway stations in helsinki are , if i remember correctly , also designed to work as shelter or command posts for the armed forces . 
  each man has to do military service in finland after the age of 18 , if you do n't have special medical reasons to do so and or get an application of not doing it approved . 
  but almost everyone does this . 
  so every man in finland can be said to have military training . 
  these are just a few of the things i can remember , i hope it answers your question . 
  edit : finland also has the second biggest number ( after france ) or artillery pieces in the eu to be used to pound the border with russia if needed . 
   there is still cities in finland where nobody speaks finnish . 
  name one . 
  and by the way i 'm a swedish speaking fin . 
  \u00c5land , n\u00e4rpes and jakopstad etc. 
  still can not be seen as cities where no one speaks finnish . 
  \u00c5land is the closes one to fit that criteria . 
  you 're seriously one big stupid mother fucker . 
  this has to take the price of one of the dumbest damn comments i 've read on reddit . 
   i do n't think anyone wants to put up a fight anymore . 
  if your freedom and independence is at stake you will make damn sure that you fight for it until the last man . 
  no one wants to bend over and take one up the ass from a bully just to spare some infrastructure . 
   russian rule might be preferable to a good fight where both sides pay with thousands and thousands of lives being ruled by an occupier is never preferable . 
  it will always be a position of one giving orders and the other one taking them . 
   i do n't think russians even have gulags anymore . 
  the fact that you do n't even know that they in fact do not have gulags anymore just goes to show how over the top stupid this whole comment is . 
   not that i think there is any chance of russia wanting finland . 
  this country has nothing but debt . 
  finland is one of the few aaa rated countries left in europe . 
  every nation has debt it is part of how modern day economics works . 
  what is important is how you re-finance your debts and finland has done this well . 
  do n't tell it to the swedes . 
  just had a huge argument with some idiot in another thread that said that this event will not change swedish policy on how they 've dismantled their defence . 
  i suggest you look at the economical figures of the nordic countries and come back and say what you had to say . 
  besides , who 's been bailing out who in the eu exactly ? 
  stubb is just a damn eu hipster and is pro eu on levels of ignorance . 
  i do n't believe the eu has been bad for finland , but it has n't been that extremely good either . 
  if the nordic countries were at all smart they 'd leave the eu and form a nordic union . 
  this would make both economical and cultural sense . 
  of course he does .
