  precisely like i 've done with leftist . 
  i support your right have made up your mind . 
  do n't for a second think that american conservatism is conservatism holistically . 
   i think of conservatives as being dangerous why would conservatives be dangerous ? 
  point is that it is funny . 
  well i it gives a different perspective on things . 
  if you just read it objectively as a part of your mix for information it can quite often be nice to see a little other take on the story . 
  same reason i also read news outlets that are fairly openly leftist . 
  in this day and age where most news are biased , the only way to get a somewhat comprehensive understanding is to read as much as possible about a story that interests you . 
  say in american politics its almost a must to read both cnn and fox news to get the good and the bad from both sides . 
  edit : ok i get it you people hate daily mail and it is the devil . 
  i do n't like it either but i still find it interesting to read . 
  mainly as they sometimes take up things that others do n't . 
  or that they have a ridiculous analysis of something that gives a complete new perspective to things . 
  i mean it does n't hurt you it is still interesting to hear stories from more than one source . 
  magic shrooms !, 
  seems to be a nordic thing , 
  if you think islam is n't an issue in europe you are up for a surprise . 
  but it 's just one opinion among many i think you and me wo n't agree on . 
  you might learn something from going through what this `` peaceful '' religion is up to in europe . 
  has any american election ever gone without a vote scandal ? 
  has any american election ever gone without a vote scandal ? 
  donald duck, 
   one slightly amusing example . 
  now that is just fucking hilarious , 
   can someone let me know whether there was a public outlast against this ? 
  it was a major shit storm . 
  janne josefsson who is the reporter here got called a nazi for this . 
  the swedish broadcasting company svt also got a shit storm . 
  i mean someone in the very openly leftist svt forgot to drink their morning coffee when they approved this to be aired  but thank god it got aired . 
  i do n't see the problem with beating up stupid people . ^ ^ like ^ ^ you, 
  not that much different in theory either . 
   the fact remains , however , that communism and fascism are literal opposites . 
  really spend some time an try to be objective and analyse the ideologies and you can not , it is impossible , if you did this right , for you to come back and say that they are literal opposites . 
  no in fascism the corporation does not own the worker . 
  the worker and the corporation work for the good of the nation but private enterprise is still allowed under the direction of national interests . 
  under communism workers and corporations are controlled by the state where everyone works for the good of the state according to a centralised economic management system . 
  so the similarities are many just in this little example . 
  then we have national socialism that is n't the same either but still almost the same as communism and fascism where the role of the private entrepreneur was important as was the workers and farmers but all had to work towards national interests . 
  it gave a little more leeway to innovation for the private sector :  hitler believed that private ownership was useful in that it encouraged creative competition and technical innovation , but insisted that it had to conform to national interests and be `` productive '' rather than `` parasitical '' . 
  private property rights were conditional upon the economic mode of use ; if it did not advance nazi economic goals then ** the state could nationalise it ** . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialism#economics ) where the bolded section bring us straight back to socialism they are all three socialist ideologies with slight differences no matter what the fascist , communist or national socialist want to argue . 
  i mean if you look into it , it comes down to very few basic principles they differ at :  historians ian kershaw and joachim fest argue that in post-world war i germany , the nazis were one of many nationalist and fascist political parties contending for the leadership of germany 's anti-communist movement . 
  the nazis claimed that communism was dangerous to the well-being of nations because of its intention to dissolve private property , its support of class conflict , its aggression against the middle class , its hostility towards small businessmen , and its atheism . 
  nazism rejected class conflict-based socialism and economic egalitarianism , favouring instead a stratified economy with social classes based on merit and talent , retaining private property , and the creation of national solidarity that transcends class distinction . 
   ... hitler distrusted capitalism for being unreliable due to its egotism , and he preferred a state-directed economy that is subordinated to the interests of the volk . 
  hitler said in 1927 , `` we are socialists , we are enemies of today 's capitalistic economic system for the exploitation of the economically weak , with its unfair salaries , with its unseemly evaluation of a human being according to wealth and property instead of responsibility and performance , and we are determined to destroy this system under all conditions . '', 
  same source as above . 
  it can not get more socialist than that and that 's just the economic part of the ideologies . 
  oh that 's such a murky and muddy road to go down on explaining that on reddit . 
  well that 's just a question of time and do you have source for that ? 
  i mean that stabbing in this particular report could have gone any way . 
  or the firebomb they leftist threw into a damn apartment building . 
  if that had gone just a little wrong the death toll would be in the tens in just one incident . 
  violence tends to escalate and the left being responsible for 95 % of the political violence in sweden ( according to this report we just watched ) means that at any given time it 's going to result in deaths . 
  kicking and jumping on the heads of people can not go on forever without someone dying . 
   in my eyes they originate disproportionately from far right extremism . . watch the report and come again . 
  the left is the most dangerous movement in europe . 
  not only because it is prone to violence as is national socialism but because in most western european countries it gets away with it . 
  national socialist movements are kept under close eye and scrutinised while much of the extreme left can roam free . 
  what has happened in sweden is n't just a single incident . 
  only countries countries with very bad experiences with communism keep an eye on them as well . 
  in finland we thank god keep an eye on both as , well we had our issues with both . 
  equal bans on soviet banners should be enforced as is done to nazi ones . 
  the turkish protest in germany is a good example . 
  had those demonstrators had swastikas flying around they 'd be stopped on the spot . 
  we also need to thread very carefully with whom we call far-right as it 's also an increasing tendency to call even the slightest eurosceptic representing the far-right . 
  the terms far left and far right should be reserved for these extreme cases and no one else . 
   and is still one of the most respected politicians of the last 20 years in sweden haha according to who ? 
  and their party leader is an old alcoholic who showed her cunt on tv in the late [ 70s ] ( http://www.filmarkivet.se/sv/film/?movieid=605 ) because she wanted to give birth on national tv and burned 100.000 sek on a [ bbq ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsiriyhuc7y ) . 
  it 's pure comedy . 
  what is worrying is that most average joe 's in sweden are so numbed down that they do n't realise that this super political correct society is abnormal . 
  the amount of shit they got when they made this report is reason enough to spread it far and wide . 
   if the consumers ( i.e. 
  the workers themselves ) were willing to pay the price for domestically produced goods , such firms would spring up and cater to those demands . 
  which in much is happening . 
  especially northern europe is experiencing a big growth in the demand of locally produced goods and services . 
  where people opt to pay a little extra to get better quality products or services . 
  this is especially in the rise within the food industry . 
   we are talking about them mostly deciding how profits should be distributed in the company , how products are produced , where they are produced they can already do that . 
  just go in as a group of people an buy shares and consolidate them . 
  nothing stops say a union from becoming shareholders . 
  corporations are responsible for their shareholders and it is the only responsibility they have . 
  business practices can change to better accommodate that . 
  for an example it 's bad business for a company to kill people so they do n't . 
  it 's bad business to move all work abroad as they need well paid consumers to buy their products . 
  when an industry leaves it is replaced by another after supply and demand . 
  it is true that corporations can manipulate demand by advertising but it still does n't mean that it somehow removes supply and demand as a function , advertisement aims to give you a bigger share of the demand out there or to create demand for a product not yet known . 
  but if we did n't have new inventions etc. 
  that push us forward we would still live in caves . 
  each new invention needs a proper demand for it to succeed and you can not get that without people knowing about it . 
  the responsibility of the corporation towards it shareholders is what stops them from becoming as inefficient as say communist enterprises where revenue is n't a key factor allowing bigger lenience to the wasteful use of scares resources . 
  hence it is very valid to argue that a profit driven model is more environmentally friendly than any other form of enterprise , especially when it comes to scares resources . 
  the soviet system was notorious for wasting , polluting and destroying value and resources . 
  the biggest impact comes from the profit line and if the consumer tide changes the companies will adapt to this . 
  so ngos and npos as well as policy making plays a vital role in educating the public so that it can change its habits and create demand that pushes corporations to evolve . 
  problems arise when politics are involved too much in the free market . 
  problems also arise if capitalism is allowed to run completely free . 
  hence we need an open market with a market mechanism with very little government intervention but enough regulation to stop too big of corporations to be able to do what they want whenever they want . 
  well that 's not retarded at all .
