  communism has never been a fan of any data , science or ideas that questions it 's right to exist . 
  so i 'm not surprised that you say that . 
   when you 're that agressive towards communism , you 're at least pro-capitalism , and possibly belonging to far-right ideas . 
  and most likely brainwashed . 
  i love that you call it brainwashed when someone questions communism . 
  it has nothing to do with brainwashing rather it has to do with the fact that communism wherever it shows its face ends up being a totalitarian system with thousands of innocents murdered . 
  why people like you just do n't take a bag and move to a communist state i 've never understood . 
   you do n't have any arguments and pretend to back what you wrote with historical data whereas the only thing you provided was a link to a bad website about stalin 's victims . 
  you can find that data in peer reviewed journals . 
  you 're just trying to justify your perverted ideology no matter what you say you 're doing . 
  well true . 
  but communism is an ideology as dangerous as national socialism to any society and why communist get a free pass in european society while national socialist are hunted down is beyond me . 
  both are equally evil ideologies and have no place in a modern society . 
  i 'm all for free speech and freedom of expression . 
  but then the freedom needs to be equal to all . 
  at least this would bring forward the people so that one can debate them . 
  now we 've labeled one as evil and the other one as acceptable . 
   admitting that you 're brainwashed so i 'm brainwashed because i 'm not willing to accept neither communism or national socialism as they both are oppressive ideologies . 
  am i brain washed when i backed with historic data make a claim that communism has killed more people than national socialism ? 
  well that is an interesting turn of events . 
   and belonging to finnish nationalist movements i belong to the swedish speaking minority so i 'd first of all not be very welcomed to any nationalist movement . 
  you 're trying to twist this into me being nationalist as it is the only tool you have to try to make your sick ideology that you believe in justified . 
   i am communist . 
  well that kind of ends the whole need for this discussion . 
   i have studied history . 
  you clearly have n't, 
  this thread is full of communist who pretend that their ideology is any better than any other form of oppressive ideologies . 
  lol you can not be serious . 
  why do n't you just admit it , that you 're a communist and support this ideology so that we both can stop pretending . 
  i 'd say you have n't studied history . 
  so either you 're just ignorant or simply do n't know . 
  i suggest you take one afternoon and go through what communism has done to the world . 
  because of it 's own track record . 
  it can not take any other form than a totalitarian state . 
  it has never done so , and never will . 
  trying to say it is any better than national socialism is ridiculous . 
  well dumb fuck though to make it easier for you . 
  it 's no secret how many stalin killed , research it yourself . 
  but i guess you 'd rather live in denial and just pretend it did n't happen . 
   whereas the deaths under communism were due to incompetence and the unintended rise of an oppressive state so exactly where on this planet has communism ever risen as not an oppressive state ? 
  it by default will result in an oppressive state , any other form of communism is purely impossible . 
  give man power and he will not let it go and thinking anything else is fooling oneself . 
  blaming it on the failure of it 's followers is juts trying to whitewash the sick political ideology it is . 
  an ideology that does n't respect people in their person , their property , freedom or happiness . 
   now do n't fucking dare telling me that most of today 's communists are stalinists . 
  that 's what they are , just disguised fanatics of an oppressive ideology . 
  communism by its nature always becomes a form of oppressive government and hence supporting it is the same as celebrating this sick ideology . 
  it pisses me of that people , especially in western europe see communism as in anyway acceptable . 
  communism should be treated as an dangerous ideology precisely the same way as national socialism . 
  here 's a good article about it : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/moslive/article-2091670/hitler-stalin-the-murderous-regimes-world.html as normal it 's the ones questioning communism that have to bring forth `` citations '' and not the other way around . 
  god i love this sub . 
  http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789 people in general seem to have a complete lack of knowledge how bad communism has been . 
  it as an ideology has killed more people than anything else and why it is n't treated as much of a threat to civilised society as national socialism is beyond any logical understanding . 
  saying that communism is any better than national socialism is being ignorant and lack all form of respects to the millions that only in the ussr were killed in its name . 
  who does this to their own people ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor genuinely fuck you for calling it lack of political knowledge as it is clear that you , yourself do n't have god damn clue of what you are talking about . 
  stalin killed more people than hitler . 
  so typical or / r/europe to say that there 's no similarities . 
  communism is as bad as national socialism , so why does it seem to be completely ok to walk around with their symbols on the streets ? 
  no we wo n't bother going down that road again . 
  your clearly been brainwashed by swedish media . 
  look at their party politics and it is light years away from national socialism . 
   italy will include prostitution and illegal drug sales in the gross domestic product calculation this year , a boost for its chronically stagnant economy and prime minister matteo renzi 's effort to meet deficit targets . 
   drugs , prostitution and smuggling will be part of gdp as of 2014 and prior-year figures will be adjusted to reflect the change in methodology , the istat national statistics office said today . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-05-22/cocaine-sales-to-boost-italian-gdp-in-boon-for-budget.html who 's the ignorant and grossly misinformed here ? 
  [ if you are an eu national living in another eu country , you have the right to vote and stand as a candidate in european parliament elections in that country . 
  ] ( http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/residence/elections-abroad/ep-elections/index_en.htm ) i do agree with you that foreigners should not be allowed to vote in a country where they are not citizens in . 
  but now the rules are what they are , and if you want to change them you need to vote for someone that wants your country to exit the eu . 
  looking at the downvotes in this thread we have a bunch of angry italians on the loose . 
  well it 's like calculating all the methane cows fart out and say it has commercial value and can be estimated . 
  cows are goods and they provide a service of methane , eat gras which is also a service , then we have the creepy crawlies that clean up nature , that 's also a service . 
  i mean come on , if it is n't legalised and does n't contribute to tax revenue it should not be counted in to the gdp . 
   you are not a north american aboriginal . 
  huh ? 
  you can download treaty establishing a constitution for europe and the treaty of lisbon from here : http://bookshop.europa.eu/is-bin/intershop.enfinity/wfs/eu-bookshop-site/en_gb/-/eur/viewpublication-start?publicationkey=fxac07306 http://bookshop.europa.eu/en/treaty-establishing-a-constitution-for-europe-pbfy6304133/ put them side by side and there 's basically no difference except a few word and sentences here and there . 
   the next treaty in my opinion will be about federalization , because that seems to be the general trend nowadays . 
  the eu leadership is simply waiting for the several current crises to be over if there ever ends up existing such a thing as an eu federation people would declare war on the abomination . 
  there is simply not enough support for an eu federation . 
  i mean even if 10 % of the population in each member country is against it , we 'll have thousands of separatist who 'd most likely not hesitate to take up arms to win back their independence . 
  people think that war will never happen again in the way it did in our previous history , but i can guarantee that the moment the eu becomes a federation will be the first step towards a war over the whole continent . 
  to make it a federation you 'd need more than 90 % support in europe . 
  this continent has too much history and national identities , languages and culture for it to ever work without an almost full majority of the people supporting it . 
  thinking anything else is daydreaming at best . 
  if you are willing to sacrifice the right of the people to decide over their faith then you will end up with a dictatorship ruled by a few that controls the masses . 
   modern europe is built on a noble idea , but that idea needs more defenders . 
  those defenders wo n't be found in this bunch of everything about the eu is magically awesome / r/europe redditors . 
  here , no matter what the eu is awesome and yay for a federation . 
  a federation of what one might ask . 
  a federation of a group of countries that can not even trust each-others to not lie , fabricate economic data , use whores and cocaine sales to create a fluffy gdp output etc. 
  oh yes , that will end so well . 
  hunting is central to nordic culture and hence it is our cultural heritage and because of this we should be allowed to hunt when and whatever we want without the eu sticking its ugly face into matters that do not concern them . 
  especially when all the nordic countries have heavily regulated hunting quotas , seasons etc. 
  well we are native . 
  the sami are only native to the northern parts of the nordics . 
  do n't like the taste of seal but i do n't understand why they can not be hunted as long as there is a solid population of seals . 
  seals are hunted in many countries . 
  seals are hunted in sweden and finland as well and regulated by respective countries regulators . 
  some eu hippies inventing shit again . 
  kerry is more a horse than a human so who cares about his opinion . 
  i know .
