  4 am in the morning , drunk as a mother fucker . 
  love to have pelmeni at home for the days you just can not be assed to make anything complicated . 
  nice interview to be honest . 
  i 'd also like to recommend the [ pbs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pbs ) two part documentary released in the past weeks which is really good . 
  it tells the story about the programs the other whistle blowers that have voiced same concerns from within the intelligence community since 9/11 . 
  ** united states of secrets ** [ part 1 ] ( http://video.pbs.org/video/2365245528/ ) [ part 2 ] ( http://video.pbs.org/video/2365251169/ ), 
  these might help : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgav9hdaevg http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-11721139 http://europarltv.europa.eu/en/player.aspx?pid=24dd4d92-1193-4ebc-b5d8-9f2800a4a40e http://europa.eu/eu-law/decision-making/procedures/index_en.htm, 
  i 'd say no . 
  you do n't need to be nationalistic to be proud of your country . 
  is it nationalistic to be proud of your nation say winning a football game ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do n't see it as nationalistic to want a defence force or to ensure your independence . 
  i mean it 's not that straight forward . 
   technically , it was a tank . 
  hmmm ... 
  i 'd dare to argue it 's an apc he 's sitting in . 
  lol i love bean !, 
  sad that they do n't do them anymore . 
   `` parking enforcement business '' - you just roll over cars that are parking wrongly , thus motivating the newcomers to do it right . 
  did n't a polish mayor do that ? 
  edit : no it was lithuanian  here 's a link : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fq-8xj8cuzw was n't a tank though . 
  but i can use that to argue my case :p, 
  now i just need to invent a kickstarter campaign with a crazy enough reason to by myself a tank !, 
  but they like fries ? 
  you need to first narrow down your question . 
  or more precisely we need to define nationalism . 
  is it nationalistic to be proud of once country ? 
  is it nationalistic to want to protect ones country ? 
  is it nationalistic to want independence ? 
  is it nationalistic want to ensure the happiness of the people from your country ? 
  these are just a few questions that need to be answered to properly be able to assess the question . 
  a win for europe . 
  but not for some users here , 
  well that 's like saying that the sun is hot . 
   the second one shows a disregard for human life , and suggests that as a possible solution . 
  but then again we could turn the argument like this . 
  is it not disregard for human life to allow these traffickers to take the money from the poor , stick them on a not seaworthy boat and ship them off to sea well beyond the capacity of the boat ? 
  if scared so that they 'd not try again , lives would be saved . 
  this is something i also said . 
  not only does it value life , but aims to stop the careless disregard that the eu shows to human life when not taking the issue seriously . 
  as people do drown . 
  sometimes issues simply need to be solved in a manner that it hurts before it gets better . 
   imagine what would happen to a politician 's career if he read what you wrote . 
  honestly depends on the politicians . 
  if he 's always been open with his opinions they wo n't come as a surprise . 
  say geert wilders would most likely get away with it , and some might argue that it would solidify the support among his voters . 
  so what i am saying is , that it becomes very subjective . 
  i also say that if we take sentences or individual posts out of the bigger context they can be made to mean anything . 
  but anyhow . 
  i think i made my point and you yours  so off we go to new topics and thanks for being willing to take the discussion . 
  sweet . 
  i 'll wait on that update  now this is good , really good . 
  i like mods that can have a reasonable discussion . 
  thank you . 
  thanks . 
  i appreciate this . 
  now to take this a bit further :  one day you 'll wake up with a kebab sticking out of your ass and be like `` why are you doing this to me '' . 
  breaking it down it has nothing to do with racism though . 
  there 's really nothing racist about this . 
  maybe it falls under some other rule ? 
   no we 'll shoot their damn raft to kingdom come and we wo n't need prisons . 
  that is n't racist either . 
  it is a statement made not base on race but made towards how we could stop immigration to the eu . 
  i mean in all honesty it would work  i know it 's harsh and provocative but i still fail to see how this is racist . 
  well if people get pissed over some people not wanting to be in this shit hole we call the eu then all fine by me . 
  but no , the pms have nothing to do with the nordic union . 
  in fact with those comments i get positive pm about how the issue should be talked about more in nordic politics . 
  oh yes give me a nordic union where we northerners can chill without brussels and i 'll be a happy man . 
  oh whatever . 
  i 'm sure well find another comment where you think i 'm racist . 
  feel free to say it out loud then so we can argue the point . 
  coming around crying about it a week later is a little bit of a lost cause . 
   but it 's very heavy handed and should cut down on the racism significantly so we once again return to the world of homogeneous opinions ? 
  i mean how good will that be for any possibility to have any political debate what so ever ? 
  note i 'm not criticising you , i 'm just saying that it 's a dark road to go down on . 
  also sends a message that this sub is only for likeminded . 
   i 've sent him a pm , and if he continues , he 's gone . 
  can we then please define what is bigoted . 
  are we following the definition of bigoted or a mods version of bigoted ? 
  also can we define racism and xenophobia and all things that are `` banned '' so that they 're not based on some loosely subjective interpretation as they are now . 
  why not link to some comments you deem to be racist , xenophobic or bigoted so that we as users can debate over if it is or is n't . 
  this way it would at least become clear what the meaning of all these things are that otherwise would be subjective views which lead to decisions made on a whim . 
   here he was talking about how arabs are scum . 
  what deleted comment . 
  i never delete comments . 
  and i did n't say scum i said junk and it was a response to this statement :  would be nice if people could just be open about their racism instead of trying to sneak it in . 
  so a user asked another to be open about what they mean by their comment . 
  to which i replied that it is quite clear what he means . 
  so not only do you claim me to have made a racist comment standing on it 's own , you took it clearly out of context . 
  so once again a 10/10 try to make it sound that everyone not agreeing with you is racist , xenophobic what not . 
   you 're making semantic arguments about race based off of 19th century definitions drawn from scientific racism . 
  and you are making arguments based on an invented form of racism . 
  being my exact point that this racism you are talking about is a made up form of racism made up by people who do n't have better things to do . 
   just on their skin colour , right ? 
  you said that . 
  i did n't . 
  per your definition of a loosely defined neo-racism your statement is racist . 
   i 'm calling for your ban , because you repeatedly break the rules . 
  well stop moaning about it . 
  there 's a report function you can click on .
