  we do n't have a single functional market for anything that matters . 
  cars = no , tobacco = no , alcohol = no , entertainment = no , insurance = no , medication = no , mobile communication = no ... 
  there was junkies and weird people on the public transport in tallinn long before it became free . 
  i love the city but god i hate the public transport there . 
  might be that i 've just had bad luck . 
  scots are not menace for us , that 's why we do n't need irn bru . 
  they 're like our lost little brother that sailed away and did n't find their way back . 
  yes . 
  because france went all communism . 
   i think china is fucked long-term honestly i agree . 
  china will split up as a country in a near future . 
  there is n't much of actual national pride and there are many regions that already rebel . 
  once the communist rule falls china will enter a rapid downfall from which it wo n't emerge in a long time . 
  from really not liking you much i 've gone to actually like you . 
  you 're comments here are a breeze of fresh air in all this pro-eu mumbo jumbo . 
   militant islamic ghettos in marseilles . 
  muslims are the biggest threat for peace in europe . 
  funny thing is that all these people that seem to be so pro-eu are also the ones preaching something close to open borders for immigration . 
  however i believe sweden will be the first one to take a hit form their poor decisions . 
   hollande that dude has to be the worst damn politician the continent of europe has seen since the second world war . 
  he is completely incompetent on every level of reason . 
  give scotland to the nordic union and we 'll approve of any expansion the uk might want to do anywhere else in the world . 
  talent management is n't the best within the lithuanian police apparently :( this guy could single handedly have made lithuania the new switzerland . 
  but no :(, 
   all the asshole construction workers with them . 
  you mean the ones that park their cars where ever they fuck one and leave shit lying around everywhere in helsinki ? 
  but the doctors and nurses are fine so i wo n't complain , 
  same as with military pilots . 
  they sign a contract that they 'll serve x amount of years in the military . 
  if they decide to leave they need to pay a sum of the same size as it would cost them to get the training . 
   it would have been much better for romania and bulgaria to join in 2013 alongside croatia . 
  there should not have been any expansion to the east not even in 2013 . 
  maybe once this financial crisis is over and if , just if the eastern countries would be at an acceptable level of development . 
  the eastern expansion of eu killed schengen . 
  everyone except the majority of the people hanging in / r/europe seems to get this . 
  the easter expansion will go down in history as the reason the eu failed . 
  i can promise that . 
  search results will be filtered heavily . 
  search for austria and you 'll get an empty page . 
  yes !, 
  more of this in every corner of the eu !, 
  well did n't i say that romania among others was n't ready for the eu . 
  had it had time to develop more before entering the eu the problem would most likely be less significant . 
  but ooh no instead i got mad angry romanian down voting mob on me . 
  it was held by the debating society at my university like six years ago . 
  there 's unfortunately no material . 
  nowadays they sometimes upload them to youtube , but then the quality was still so bad on youtube they did n't bother . 
  there 's no such thing as a free lunch ... 
  is there a first religion ? 
  edit : never mind read wrong . 
  yeah could be . 
  the bbc had a documentary about this . 
  if i remember correctly no one really has any good answer to that question . 
  way back in time people who settled northern india are believed to have come from areas in todays europe . 
  this could explain how the symbol would have traveled . 
  but your guess is as good as mine , 
  indeed . 
  it is an amazing symbol . 
  it 's a mystery how so many ancient societies around the world have adopted that same symbol long before they even knew of each other . 
  no wonder people used to think it had magical powers . 
  in hinduism it 's a very important symbol with high standing in the religious practices . 
  one thinks the we as people would have evolved further than banning symbols . 
  it feels like something of a practice that belongs in times before the romans . 
   do you really think trying to belittle me and more cheap domination tactics is going to bite ? 
  apparently so :  ramblinrambo also called me a hippie and a leftist . 
  which i absolutely can not just swallow . 
  i thought bitches were trained to swallow . 
  man now i 'm disappointed . 
   if i keep pissing in your coffee , eventually its going to taste like piss always wanted to have some hippie juice in my coffee in the mornings . 
  makes the sun shine brighter and gives me energy . 
   but you seem to believe that the difference between western eu and romania is as big as the difference between liechtenstein and war-thorn syria it is your own assumption . 
   i urge you to come and visit sometimes and maybe you will change your perspective . 
  honestly it wo n't change my perspective on if romania is ready for the eu . 
  it should have been given more time . 
  india is also covered with them . 
  here in the nordics it was a symbol widely used long before the nazis fell fond of it . 
  it 's still seen here in sami drums etc. 
  the flag of the finnish air force still has it . 
  [ here you can see it ] ( http://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/suomen_ilmavoimat#mediaviewer/tiedosto:suomen_ilmavoimien_esikunta.svg ) as well as the finnish air force training squadron 's [ flag ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:lentosotakoulu.svg ), 
  well of course it should not be forbidden . 
  laws wo n't change people 's opinions . 
  debate them on the issue and if you or they are not capable to agree to disagree or have a debate it 's your problem and no one else 's . 
  one of the most interesting political debates i listened to ever was between a neo-nazi and a far-leftist . 
  they both staid civil and had the ability to put down arguments for their stand . 
  i am quite sure they both learned something out of it . 
  at least we in the audience got a very rare experience where two complete political spectrums engaged in an debate with no drama , no one calling the other one xenophobic or whatever the usual stuff is people do to kill debates . 
  there was some nice provocation from both sides and non of them fell for it . 
  seriously the best debate i 've ever seen . 
  unfortunately these kind of debates are far and between and can only happen in todays society when a university or some other institution that manages to be objective organises them . 
   your so sad . 
  a sad little hippie-leftist . 
  with his little online agenda . 
  i kind of find you cute . 
   i am saving scandinavia from you and your kind . 
  oh lord you have one hell of an uphill battle . 
  good luck with that . 
  i wish you the best . 
   i was referring to the number of homeless people in romania compared to the rest of europe . 
  and where did i give a number on that ? 
  yes ... exactly nowhere .
