  i also never mentioned eta . 
  he has officially become the worst president of the usa ever . 
  i mean i thought it would be impossible to beat w. bush but man has obama over done him . 
  at least i 'm not part of a country that sells its sole to the highest bidder . 
  showing that you do n't have any real experience of what it was and that your are incapable of understanding basic statistical data . 
  i 'm done arguing with you . 
  have a nice life in the perfect sweden when it blows up in your face . 
  i wo n't be helping you out when it happens . 
  do n't know where these idiots have been but we have tons of wild rives in europe . 
  i 've got my summer house next to one here in finland . 
  in the nordics there are plenty of rivers flowing completely free . 
  it is about the freedom of a region basically . 
  some within the population of this particular region feel , that they do not belong to spain and should be a free sovereign nation . 
  independent and free from outside political influence . 
  for this exact reason some will also support the people incarcerated for actions relating to this cause . 
  for them the acts committed are a part of the struggle for independence . 
  in the same way as the american revolutionaries went against the crown , these people are going against the nation of spain . 
  questioning the claims by spain on the territory they consider theirs . 
  just to point out some things . 
  yes , i do think islam is a dangerous and fanatic religion . 
  and todays sweden does suck , i lived in sweden for more than 20 years , so trust me i know what it 's about , what it was and what i think went wrong . 
  i 'm not talking out of no experience , i lived , worked and was a part of swedish society for the majority of my life . 
  the reason i left was when political correctness became more important than the true value of democracy and freedom . 
  values sweden used to stand for before the leftist invasion of the press , public sector and politics . 
  reading your comments and the stupidity within them suggests that you never experienced what used to be sweden before the 90s . 
  depends on what you define as racism . 
  what i 'm saying is that the swedish democrats are n't a racist party . 
  they are conservative right wing party and having peoples privacy infringed upon because of their political stand is n't ok in my book no matter what you think . 
  here is an example of ridiculousness in sweden regarding people loosing their jobs : http://www.sydsvenskan.se/sverige/sparkad-for-sina-asikter/ i 've been reading your post here before and your generally pro political segregation and talking yourself warm over sweden being a democratic paradise . 
  if you truly value democracy you should never accept anyone for being discriminated for their political opinions nor the party they decide to belong to . 
  the law `` hets mot folkgrupp '' explicitly discriminates against swedes . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.jk.se/beslut/tryck-ochyttrandefrihetsarenden/3217-03-30.aspx ) loosely translates to english : in a case where someone criticises swedes they do not fall under the jurisdiction of the law . 
  so stop giving us the bs that the law in sweden treats everyone the same , it does n't and has never done when it comes to this law . 
  and aftonbladet is very much a national newspaper in the precise same way as the guardian or any other form of media that is available throughout the country . 
  seriously you 're always so full of shit in your comments and arguments . 
  we know you love sweden as it is , but do n't try to lie to us about the facts that can be found by anyone bothering to look into it . 
  it still does n't give you the right to harass people for having political views . 
  that is against the foundation on what is democracy . 
  if you are truly for democracy then you support the right for everyone to have and express their opinion . 
  in swedish you have two words rasist and fr\u00e4mlingfientlig two very different words and the swedish democrats fall under the latter . 
  in sweden , if you share the views of the swedish democrats that is in the parliament then you 're fair game to harassment by media . 
  in some cases people have lost their jobs , been excluded from unions etc. 
  it is behaviour not acceptable in any democracy . 
  sweden a functioning democracy ? 
  well if you call it a functioning democracy when people loose their jobs for supporting a party or having their identities exposed by national newspapers for having opinions then yes sweden is a democracy . 
  but for the rest of the world that is n't a democracy . 
  freedom of speech is limited in sweden by social stigma and your law agains speech regarding to groups of people that does n't give the swedish the same protection under the law as it does to any minority . 
  in a democracy the law treats everyone the same not like it does in sweden . 
  as long as it comes with some dutch cheese . 
  mmmmmm i love dutch cheese !, 
   ... self fulfilling prophecy at its finest as is irish economic planning . 
  sweden needs to get a grip on free speech and democracy in general . 
  and they seriously mean this is n't terms for exclusion from the eu ? 
  i mean as this shitty union was n't enough of a leaking ship already . 
  fuck you malta and you so called shit hole to a country . 
   in reality however you would hope true journalists would be more bold and trusting in the value of free speech than anyone rather than avoiding debate and free discussion . 
  this is it . 
  i think the best thing that the internet has given us is the ability to not be herded the same way we could before . 
  and traditional media is still struggling with this reality . 
  selling is n't the problem the problem is the lack of responsibility of their actions that they have to take . 
  and everyone makes a typo once in a while , so shut the fuck up . 
   what happened to the idea of personal responsibility ? 
  this is the problem . 
  banks do n't have to take personal responsibility . 
  each time they fail , the `` too big to fail '' banks get bailed out by the taxpayer . 
  the same people that would have lost their deposits in the first place . 
  you 've just described the inherent problem of the whole industry . 
  only problem is that you did n't connect the dots . 
  and before you ask me to go research this i 'll point out that i a masters degree in economics . 
  the problem lies in the fact that bankers are continuously bailed out by the state creating a [ principal agent problem ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/principal%e2%80%93agent_problem ) on steroids , where bankers can take unnecessary high risk without having to carry the full economic consequences of their actions . 
  if there were no government bailouts then the willingness to risk would be much lower in these banks . 
  what we have now are banks taking high risks with their clients money while being very sure to have their backs covered by the taxpayer if their investments fail . 
  and if that was n't enough the industry creates bonus systems that reward high risk taking , pushing traders to pursuit insane investments . 
  one step in solving the problem would be a ban on government bailouts of banks and the complete separation of investment banks and `` consumer '' banks . 
  this would force the consumer ( you ) to take an active decision to put your savings in the hands of banks with higher risk and it becomes your own risk to carry as well if the bank fails . 
  the financial sector is so flawed that if it was a casino it would have been regulated down or boarded up in the 80s by government . 
  i know it rocks in general to be from the north  we 're like germanys little brothers and while we might say bad things about germany we still like to snuggle with our big brother every now and then :p jokes aside , thinking of it northern countries have been very tight with germany since [ hanseatic times ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanseatic_league ) . 
  sure you can . 
  you can make the argument that the germans are already paying for it with their taxes on income etc. 
  so there is n't anything in the eu law that would prohibit this . 
  it does not stop you from moving freely . 
  only limits the roads you can move freely on . 
  majority of eu countries have tolls on their roads except germany , finland , sweden and denmark and maybe a few more . 
  sweden however has congestion fees in stockholm and gothenburg . 
  if i do n't remember wrong when i read about this , the nordic countries would be exempted at least finland and sweden that do n't have tolls on their roads either . 
  so i guess the idea would be that as germans are allowed to drive for free on our roads so can we on their . 
  could be wrong but i have a vague memory of reading this . 
  one thing is sure , the fed does not have any of the gold it says it does . 
  that 's why i was curious to see if you got any of it shipped back home . 
  why do billionaires steel , cheat and lie to make money on the stock exchange . 
  human greed basically . 
  if there is something i wo n't do . 
  it is to argue against a german when it comes to beer . 
  they simply are never wrong regarding beer , so the un should just shut up and do as told !, 
  think if the eu spent just half of what it spends on idiotic bureaucracy on science . 
  of the 49 % of the whole eu budget that the eu spends on agricultural support which produce is dumped on the world market we could take 25 % and invest in science and technology . 
  i find london so non-british . 
  every time i 'm there and that is often because of work it strikes me how few brits i see . 
  and it is expensive as hell :(, 
  on the topic of gold .
