  now prepare for some army of pro everything nuts being like , , , ooooh no that 's not the same at all . 
  indeed poland has done good job so far and nothing is saying it wont continue to do so . 
  estonia is the clear winner in getting shit up and running but a hat off to both of you . 
   turks are n't culturally the same as those muslims that cause problems in europe . 
  turks are culturally closer to the albanians and bosniaks . 
  whores they still do n't have any reason to ever be let into the eu . 
  thankfully less hippie like governments will veto that . 
   europe is not the problem indeed it is n't the eu is the problem . 
   it was founded by left-wing politicians , idealists , that wanted to prevent the horror that was wwii , and in that they actually succeeded . 
  well the time is n't really there to tell yet is it . 
  i mean it 's not like anyone knew five years before wwi or wwii that shit would escalate as it did . 
  so making a claim that it has worked really is n't valid . 
  it was to show that muslims communities in the uk have created more than enough problems . 
  it was also to show that when this happens you get these kind of nuts driving in armoured cars as a result of it . 
   i 'm telling you you are wrong . 
  i 'm telling you that you are wrong . 
   in terms of geography , cyprus is asian . 
  no dude you 're in asia . 
   i ca n't tell if you 're trolling . 
  keep guessing  you clearly do n't understand the eu , so why not . 
  most likely very much more in detail than you . 
   is that how you read shakespeare ? 
  shakespere has nothing to do with this discussion . 
   you do n't know shit about turks do you . 
  the only thing i need to know is that it 's an asian country not worth thinking about . 
   although for us they are n't religious holidays , just commercial . 
  it still is a culturally muslim society and that is the exact point . 
  not if businesses are closed or not you plank . 
   man , give up . 
  what , because you keep reading between the lines . 
  maybe i should give up because you clearly can not understand written text . 
   according to anyone with 2 braincells to rub together . 
  unfortunately you lost one of the only two you had left . 
  but do n't worry it 'll be all fine . 
  anyhow ... 
  i ca n't waste my night arguing with you . 
  got better things to do . 
  nigh honey !, 
   muslims who have lived in europe for centuries like bosnians or albanians . 
  turkey is n't in europe so that kind of negates your whole point . 
  you can not deny that muslim communities are n't causing problems in sweden , uk , france and so on . 
   so your argument remains that it is undemocratic for member states to jointly elect someone to represent them ? 
  now please show me where i said that . 
  i said that a person that is to take a position like this needs to be elected . 
  has nothing to do with what you just said . 
  because wikipedia gives a good basic description . 
  still does n't make the point any less different . 
   i grew up in canada . 
  i 'm the equivalent of the democrats in the usa . 
  and how in the actual hell does that justify turkey joining the eu ? 
   geopgraphically , it 's less in europe . 
  it 's literally 0 % in europe , as opposed to 4 % for turkey . 
  you are using turkey 's geographic position as an argument against the candidature , so i 'm bringing a counter argument . 
  how can it be less in europe . 
  because it 's an island ? 
  well good thinking . 
  i guess the uk and ireland are n't in europe either . 
   i doubt that . 
  most europeans are narrow minded dinosaurs like you are . 
  you just proved my point and it did n't even take any effort . 
  you kind of disappointed me . 
   we would be infighting indeed , but that 's besides the point . 
  no it would not . 
  it 's spot on the point . 
   but perhaps you do n't understand how the eu works oh i see ... so now you 're going to educate me . 
   so we would have the most seats . 
  no you would not as you 'll never set your foot in . 
  so what do you want to say . 
  oh if this and if that . 
  come on . 
   here i 'm reading between the lines . 
  indeed you are . 
  so stop reading between the lines and read what i actually am typing . 
   you 're bringing religion as an argument against turks in the eu of course i will . 
  how do you think a muslim country would ever work in a union with christian ones . 
  even if religion in many parts of europe is n't a thing it still dictates much of our lives . 
  businesses are closed on christmas , easter and you name it . 
  then we have a complete different acceptance of nudity and what not . 
  so yes . 
  religion is a big ass issue and has nothing to do with ethnicity even if you try to read between the lines . 
   honestly , arguing against you is just way too easy . 
  does n't look like it as you have to resort to reading between the lines to make a point . 
   you have literally 0 good arguments according to you . 
   i have to provide them for you . 
  no you have n't . 
  the only thing you 've provided is evidence of issues with your reading comprehension . 
   either way , we both agree turkey does n't belong in the eu , so let 's leave it at that . 
  perfect . 
  you could have left it at that to start with . 
   i 'm extremely right wing . 
  so that 's just silly . 
  we know what that means in turkey . 
   cyprus is n't at all in europe . 
  more than turkey will ever be . 
  and where did i say that it 's in europe ? 
   i also did n't know that you needed to be christian for the eu . 
  well to be honest that is what will keep you out even if no one has told you that . 
   our population is huge and if we were in the eu germany/france/uk would n't be able to handle the immigration wave . 
  thank you for making another point for you never to be allowed to join . 
   we would be the biggest players in eu parliement by 2050 due to our size .
