  thank to you and the others who replied , 
  well both equally bad for any society that aims to be free . 
  pvv at 12 % . 
  what did they land on the last election ? 
  i never said we do n't have our own gypsies . 
  but they just mooch on the welfare system in apartments paid by the finnish taxpayer . 
  the gypsies from romania build camps all over the place and beg on the streets . 
  trust me i will . 
   in my home town i have a neighbour who adopted a roma child he 's 15 now and absolutely normal goes to school and everything . 
  everyone get lucky once in a while . 
   people like you are not helping the situation at all ditto answer the question : how come , one group of people are so universally hated no matter where they are , whatever country they are in . 
  at what point do we ask us the logical question , is it us or them ? 
  well the election results will tell us how many think that the eu is done . 
  we can talk about how melodramatic i am then or if it just might be so that this whole subreddit is filled with overly pro-eu people that does n't reflect the true feeling of the population . 
  my bet is on the latter . 
  we 'll see the biggest tidal wave of nationalistic parties getting seats in the eu parliament ever . 
  this just because the traditional parties have n't done shit for decades . 
  so now the people are voting on whatever just as long as it is against the eu . 
  which is a very uncomfortable reality . 
   it because people like you spreading racist shit all over that we ca n't help these people . 
  there is no helping these people . 
  every country with gypsies has tried to help them for centuries and they just wo n't adapt . 
  as soon as the first country leaves others will follow . 
  my money is on the uk leaving first followed by one or all nordic countries after which it will fall piece by piece . 
  there will be a time of confusion and once the dust settles new alliances will form . 
  i think the ties between nordics , estonia and germany will tighten , maybe austria as well . 
  the southern member states will most likely go back to doing what they did before they joined . 
  only conflict i could see coming out from it would be serbia and kosovo as the would be one less political unit to support the independence of kosovo . 
  but even that is unlikely . 
  all in all i think it will be a peaceful separation . 
  russia however might seize the moment and settle some scores . 
  it was a great idea . 
  but once again power crazy morons had to screw it up . 
  expansion to no end without no consideration of the damage it would cause . 
  everyone except the politicians and people who believe in some magical world of world wide peace and prosperity understood that once the eu opened its gates to the east it was downhill and fast . 
  it 's only 2014 , ten years since the expansion to the east and we 're on the brink of collapse , and there 's no plugging in these holes now . 
  we 're taking in water and fast . 
  thank you !, 
  also screw eu and let 's focus on a nordic union . 
  the time is right and we can go build a future for ourselves . 
   before we joined they kept telling us to stop oppressing gypsies and then spazzed out when the borders opened and they got like 10 % of the gypsies we 've been dealing with since forever . 
  it 's because all the damn people in brussels are some damn hippies who have never had to deal with gypsies or any other form of not wanted people . 
  if they 'd ask people to vote on the eu expansion to the east i am sure it would never have happened . 
  as the undemocratic institution that the eu is , they of course did n't want to ask the people because they knew . 
  so they did it without consulting the people and this is the result . 
  a result that anyone with two brain cells could have seen coming . 
   all romanians are gypsies now not at all . 
  most people are very aware that gypsies are gypsies and romanians are romanians . 
   it 's in your interest to have a tight border . 
  once again we come to these eu hippies . 
  they sit there and complain but are n't willing to take the decision that needs to be taken to solve the problem . 
  it 's staring them right in the face but instead of acknowledging the solution they just want to wait for someone to come along and do it for them . 
  then they can get up on their moral high horse and be all humane again . 
  screw them , screw the eu and fuck the whole idea of a eu if this is what it has become . 
  it 's an undemocratic monster that has no respect for public referendums , no respect for the will of the people it says it represents , it does what it wants , and we the people have to take the consequences of a bunch of career idiots in brussels . 
  each day i 'm more and more amazed how i in such a short time have gone from pro-eu to absolutely hating it to the bone . 
  i ca n't stand it . 
  i just want it to die and decompose so that it no longer exist and that we as people can go on with our lives . 
  trade , travel , work and enjoy this magnificent continent at our own phase without laws and regulations created by idiots with no understanding of reality what so ever . 
  the day the eu is just a distance memory is the day democracy and freedom prevails . 
  because i can . 
  it is n't racism when it 's a fact . 
  these imported slums exist . 
  slums which did n't exist before the eastern expansion of the eu . 
  so screw you too . 
  more waterproof i would n't say that brick houses are . 
  they 're the same . 
  one could almost argue that wooden houses are more water proof as they 're painted whereas brick and mortar absorbs some moisture . 
  then again the climate here is very dry compared to the isles where it 's moist all the time . 
  as / u/rexoanaone says , in the cities majority is n't wood . 
  mainly because in the city centre it 's apartments that dominate . 
  urban neighbourhoods and suburbs and rest of finland is mostly wood . 
  wood is very popular . 
  mainly because most of finland is forrest and lakes so there 's an abundance of wood . 
  some are made from brick . 
  brick was quite popular in the 80s and early 90s . 
  now the trend is quite wood dominated . 
  but of course there are exceptions . 
  i do n't have any statistics but i 'd dare to argue that most houses in finland are wooden . 
  apartments are of course concrete/brick except for really old ones that might be wood like [ this ] ( http://media-cache-ec0.pinimg.com/736x/fa/7c/4c/fa7c4c38d54bc6a9cfc3f0c5e3f1c7aa.jpg ) one . 
  they 're few and far between , most of them burnt during the great fires like in [ turku ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_fire_of_turku ) or then during the second world war . 
  a new trend is to incorporate wood into modern apartment buildings where the core is concrete and the outer has wood in it to give a more traditional nordic feel to them , like [ this ] ( http://www.kansanuutiset.fi/images/articleimages/2196517.jpg ) one . 
  any spaniard that can enlighten me how this became such a big part of your culture ? 
  i mean how did it all start ? 
  it 's such a random thing . 
  :d damn maybe we should reconsider . 
  barroso is a damn muppet . 
  a maois lunatic who 'll believe anything he 's told and do whatever he 's told without thinking twice . 
  putin has him by the balls and that 's it . 
  russia does what russia wants and barroso and his tea-cup-club the eu ca n't do shit about it . 
  if putin does n't get involved in georgia it is because putin does n't want to get involved . 
  i hope for the sake of the georgian people that putin is n't interested in them . 
  if all goes well this will be the best eu election ever on the whole continent . 
  a mass rise of meps that will set a stop for these federalists and other crazy people . 
  oh yes , forgot berlusconi . 
  well then hollande takes second place . 
  more seats to parties wanting to reduce eu power . 
  perfect . 
  less communists deciding over policies that will affect me . 
  good !,
