  exit of member states . 
  which will start the slow decay of the union i can not see the eu surviving and i will eat my hat if the eu exist 20 years from now . 
  my prediction is that we 'll start seeing moves from countries towards alternatives fairly soon . 
  this through looking at it objectively from just the political changes in member countries . 
  / r/europe might feel like there is some huge support for the eu but this is not at all representative to the sentiment out there , and one of the reasons almost all discussions here are very one sided . 
  and we 're not alone . 
  completely understand what you 're saying but it still comes down to us not enforcing the eu idea of a free market . 
  same with the bann on snus . 
  this is why the eu will never work . 
  we have too many fairytale believers running the show and this is in much represented here in / r/europe as well . 
  but as the political tides in europe has shown a big part of the population do n't want the eu we 're heading towards and either something gives or we have a conflict at our hands . 
  for many with me russia will never be europe , european and or western . 
  i never supported the expansion of the eu to romania and bulgaria either . 
  the last expansion was where i went from pro eu to against the eu . 
  join russia then . 
  first draft was in the 50s . 
  then again the uk financial power in the world economy is 1000 times greater than the swiss and that says a lot . 
  just a little thing as the euribor is set in london and by just a little political behind the scenes strategy they uk could fuck up a big chunk of business on the continent without us being much the wiser . 
  like norway the uk is such an important country to have good relations with for the eu that trade agreements will not be a problem . 
  the size of the uk financial market alone is enough to ensure that nothing will change with regards to free trade . 
  furthermore both the eu , eu member states and the uk are part of the wto . 
  there will be only minor changes to trade policy , mostly beneficial to the uk if they leave . 
  anyone who seriously believes the uk will be harmed regarding to trade if they leave the eu is seriously mistaken and has bought into the pro-eu scaremongering and not really spent any time on understanding the economics of europe and the other international agreements . 
  it would be political suicide for the eu to block trade with the uk . 
  the power of the uk financial markets could devastate any selected economy in europe if they so wanted to . 
  the smartest move the uk did in recent history was to become the financial epicentre of europe and in much the world . 
  source : wrote my masters thesis about the wto and global trade agreements . 
  to start with . 
  then we have the rotating presidency that cost millions upon millions . 
  now this puts the knickers in a twist for a lot of eu fanatics . 
  this eu election is going to be an interesting one . 
   most part culturally european . 
  this is where i disagree . 
  like turkey , russia is n't culturally european . 
  most people that say that russia is culturally european have never set foot in russia . 
  the whole way people look at society , political power , the way they operate , politics etc. 
  is light years away from what i 'd call european . 
  russia is so big that it 's practically its own continent with its own way of doing things , even if a majority of their people live in the western parts of russia . 
  these pirate parties are completely useless . 
  eu spends less than a billion on esa . 
  the whole mechanics of the eu is highly bureaucratic and not cost effective . 
  there 's a lot of air that could be chopped off if it was n't for politicians creating functions to their old buddies . 
   such as all the benefits of being part of a market of 500 million people now if we 're being honest , the eu free market is not working very well as a mechanism for lowering prices in the whole union . 
  it is also limited when it comes to cars , tobacco , alcohol and many other commodities . 
  the biggest wins as say in privacy come from legislation and not from the market . 
  sure it is of benefit to have an open market of 500 million people , but it is n't something extra ordinary as it works today . 
  what is considered europe . 
  i mean ask me and russia as a country is n't in europe most of it is in asia . 
  it 's if i bought a piece of land in the us and suddenly i was american . 
  anyhow it 's a never ending discussion , but feels just wrong to say that europe has this and that when it comes to russia . 
  your reading comprehension needs some work . 
   thing is , ** that many of the parties that are labeled as far right are n't far right ** . 
  many does not equal all does it now ? 
  well people see what they want . 
  i do n't think most people that have an opinion on ukip or any other conservative party which they 've labeled as far-right even know the policies of the party they 're questioning . 
  people just jump on a bandwagon not bothering to look into it themselves . 
  thing is , that many of the parties that are labeled as far right are n't far right . 
  nigel is n't far-right in that sense as he is some ultra nationalist . 
  he 's married to a german . 
  ukip is more conservative than far-right if you ask me and leave the witch hunt out of it . 
  sure they have some ideas that i 'd not agree with but it does n't make them far-right . 
  furthermore , even if you 're far-right it does not mean that you are against cooperation , trade etc. 
  it does n't mean that you hate everyone that is n't from your country . 
  if i 'm honest , i 've met more sound minded people from far-right parties than i 've ever met from far-left parties and i 'm neither far-right or far-left myself . 
  he 's a turk . 
  they 're born hateful . 
  no i do n't live alone but 1 gbit is seriously fast . 
  seriously can not think of what i would do to cap it and we 're high users all of us . 
  not even when everyone is streaming something while downloading etc. 
  do we even come close to feel any issues in speed . 
  it 's not like i mind it , just wanted to say that it 's not something one absolutely needs today and maybe not in a few years . 
  surely it will be needed in the near future . 
  but it is n't nothing to beat oneself over if you do n't have it . 
  but if your still on a below 50 mbit connection i can more than understand the frustration . 
  to be honest , he has a valid point . 
  each party does have their idiots and making it sound like it is some party line what some one persons says is retarded . 
  you do n't have to agree with ukip but you can not say he 's not got a point here . 
  edit : also , i believe in respectable behaviour toward all parties and this guy who 's doing the interview was behaving very poorly and just trying to push for some scandal . 
  he could have been critical without sounding like a prick . 
  nice . 
  this is really good . 
  i think we also implemented a minimum age for energy drinks in finland a few years back . 
  or am i mistaken my fellow finns ? 
  everything is more advance when it comes to internet than the us and canada . 
  internet in north america sucks donkey balls . 
  i 've had 1 gbit connection for 3 years for 20 $ a month . 
  problem is , that it 's only useful between others with the same connection speed . 
  we share a media server with a few friends and then it is really nice to have . 
  especially when take tv and stream it out through the server the 1 gbit is useful . 
  but in 99.9 % of the cases the speed does n't give me anything extra . 
  in all honestly i get as much out of my gbit connection as my previous 200 mb connection in the normal day to day use . 
  haha where do they get these ideas . 
  i 'm used to some random american fundamental christian group is coming up with shit like this . 
  russia has beaten the us on nut-jobs as there the government has taken this to a whole new level . 
  yup . 
  esa is one of the very few things i 'm 100 % percent supporting the eu on . 
  then again esa was n't even founded by the eu but anyhow . 
  if we did n't try to form some damn federation and focused on each country being unique and put the effort in pushing us as a people forward the problems many , including me , have with the eu would greatly reduce . 
  sure would . 
  but if the eu were to want to live up to what it tries to say it is , it would not hesitate to do such a thing .
