  hell copy the us one . 
  the powers of this federation should be limited so that each state has the power to not implement federal laws that it 's population does not support and that are outside of the boundaries of the constitution . 
  do that , and there is a chance for an european federation . 
  but if you even think of limiting the power of the people it will never happen . 
   the anti-eu crowd do n't even need to do anything to destroy the union , the pro-eu crowd is doing a good enough job themselves . 
  exactly !, 
  it is n't rocket science what the people want . 
  it has never been . 
  but instead of listening to the people they went ahead with stupid ass decisions time and time again and now they wonder why some voters went from pro-eu to against the eu . 
  i 'm one of them . 
  if you 'd asked me six or seven years ago i 'd been very much an eu supporter . 
  now i 'm the polar opposite . 
  i just can not see this union work again , its gone too far the wrong way to be saved in my opinion and it 's sad . 
  we truly had a good thing going for a while but these bureaucrats took that away from us . 
  but then again an institution that evolved from trade to a super governmental organisation with a parliament that can not propose laws and an undemocratically elected commission that can propose laws was inherently flawed and once again shows that an undemocratic system can not survive . 
  ever . 
  look at the swiss , the reason they have had peace and prosperity for ages is because of their truly democratic system that does not allow as much room for corrupt bought officials that see to their own interests rather than the peoples interests . 
  man i wish i 'd been born in switzerland so that i could sit and watch this circus go on from the sidelines . 
  i know . 
  that 's why you only buy quality sausage . 
  dam that sounded dirty ... anyhow ... only buy quality sausages people . 
  now as we are in the eu , i 'd wish that the eu decided to put , especially , the us copyright mob in their place and send them packing . 
  i do understand the importance of protecting intellectual property to some degree , but that `` some degree '' went out the window a long fucking time ago . 
  for books and music i could live with the fact that the artist holds the rights as long as he lives . 
  but if he sells or transfers the rights to a corporation they should only be protected a maximum of 20 years . 
  take disney , they are hunting people for piracy , they 've built their whole company on copying old works and remaking them . 
  hollywood itself was built through the breach of patents and intellectual property . 
  the sole reason to why the movie companies re-located to california and created what became the hollywood of today was because it was far away from new jersey , which made it harder for edison 's motion picture patents company to hunt them down . 
  and now they have the balls to come after some kid who downloaded a move that most likely was shit anyways . 
  more info [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/motion_picture_patents_company#backlash_and_decline ) and [ here ] ( http://www.history.com/news/the-renegade-roots-of-hollywood-studios ) the us has completely been hijacked by corporations and if the eu want to become more liked across the board it should take a stronger position in matters like this which are closer to the heart of common people . 
  priceless :d, 
  i think i need to give / r/anarcho _ capitalism a try then . 
  there was once this anarco capitalism debate in helsinki i went to and it was actually good . 
  they knew what they were talking about and admitted their limitations of what was true , not true or unknown . 
  now let us sit back and enjoy the downvotes that will soon land upon us . 
  this is a damn hippie sub . 
  it 's like a little ant-hill that you go an poke with a stick and all these leftist and pro-eu liberals will run around like crazy screaming nazi , fascist , storm-front etc. 
  it 's genuinely fun though . 
  it 's not often you find big pool of these easily offended people to play with . 
  for each comment made here there are one or two things that you can say and all hell will break loose , and they 're too blinded by anger to understand that when they get pissed , their ability to argue the point disappears . 
  what you are left with is the true mental capability of them to debate outside of their comfort zone of opinions . 
  which is very limited to start with , and once they realise that , they 'll resort to bringing out the hitler cards at which point the debate stops . 
  all while they think they won , but poking just a little bit more will result in an epic display of a debate decomposing to a sinkhole of nothingness . 
  this sub is even more one sided than / r/debatecommunism where you at times can see really balanced debates . 
  the `` meat '' is mainly rest products of other meat produce with fat and salt tying it together . 
  it 's no secret that it is n't the healthiest stuff out there . 
  but it sure is tasty . 
  well he has said the same thing during the european parliamentary elections . 
  if the finns want a referendum they should have it . 
  nothing new about that . 
  from their party program :  the finns party believes there should be a referendum on finland 's eu membership in a similar way to what the uk government has proposed -- first negotiations on the basic eu constitution and membership conditions and then referendums held on whether to be a member of the reformed eu or not . 
  very well placed argument there . 
  my party ? 
  i 've always voted for kokoomus . 
  soini has said that if the people want a referendum they want to give the finns that . 
  the rest of your comment is just a pointless rant . 
   or serbian oh man you really are a complete new level of moron . 
  good for you . 
  i tagged you as a moron . 
  as a whole industry in sweden yes . 
   you are a lying sack of fucking dog turd . 
  oh you . 
  you are so childish it almost makes it fun to keep you around just to piss you off . 
  the guy truly has a few nuts loose . 
  do n't waste your time on him . 
   you can backpedal all you want , but you 're a violent , sociopathic , neonazi . 
  oh ok . well then i guess i can say that you are a pacifistic , leftist pedophile . 
  as anything can be said here without any actual logic . 
  oh here you are . 
  now looking at what you are trying to concoct here you once again are talking out of your ass . 
  you asked if i was prepared to shoot and i said yes . 
  i never said that i 'd shoot them but at them . 
  but if you want to know . 
  like / u/merkelsclitoris is saying nowhere did i mention anything about shooting them i said that i 'd have no problems shooting . 
  but to settle this for once so that you can take another pathetic screenshot . 
  if it was my duty to stop that boat no matter what i would do so if asked . 
  furthermore as i 've said before , i want these illegal immigration boats to stop putting peoples lives in danger on the seas and nothing else seems to work . 
  you sure are hung up on one issue where i 've told countless times what my stand is . 
  how that makes me a racist is beyond me but you clearly think so . 
  but then again you are a sorry excuse to expect any logic from . 
  i am not backtracking i am saying as it is . 
  i said shoot at the boats and nothing more too it . 
  what is the big issue you have with that ? 
  these people are coming here through illegal means organised by criminals and you have an issue with wanting to stop that from happening . 
  oh god i can not stand people like you . 
  seriously just go hide under the rock from where you crawled out underneath . 
  i never said filth i said junk as a response to a question where one user wanted the other to clarify what he meant . 
  as i posted it i can still see it and nowhere does it say filth nor was it stating my opinion either . 
  so once again you are talking out of your ass . 
   you were being a racist fucking lying shit . 
  i do n't need to lie . 
  i am open as a book . 
  what do you want to know about my opinions ? 
  i 'll tell them to you . 
  you do n't even seem to comprehend what racism is . 
   i 'm not a ` leftist ' or ` socialist ' either dude you 're so far on the left that it sickens most people . 
  this whole political correctness bs and calling people racist , storm front , fascist thing you have going on is enough proof of that . 
   you once told me you do n't delete you old comments . 
  funny then , that you have so many deleted comments on matters of race , ethnicity , and immigration , comments which were deleted by the mods for breaching the rules about racism . 
  first of all the rules here on what constitutes racism are moronic .
