  this is what you said when i said that the law in sweden does not protect everyone equally . 
  hence the only way one can interoperate that is that is that you are fine with one group being without protection . 
  as that is the exact case in the example given that you replied to . 
   so rich people do pay more taxes than less wealthy people . 
  you could then say that in a way everyone is not equal to the law . 
  not everyone pays the same amount , because that would advantage the rich . 
  if you pay 20 % and i pay 20 % we both pay ... guess what ... * drums for excitement * ... ** 20 % ** . 
  we both pay the same percentage amount . 
  we are hence equal . 
  now if the poor guy becomes rich he 'll still pay 20 % if the rich guy gets poor he 'll still pay 20 % . 
  if you want it even more equal we could go with fixed sums for everyone , say everyone has to pay 10 000 $ a year in taxes . 
  now that would not work would it ? 
  so we take a percentage that is equal for all and that works because it allow everyone to pay . 
  and 20 % from you will hurt as much as 20 % will hurt me . 
   money does n't come out of the thin air . 
   i may just not remember it though most likely that or you decided not to see it . 
  well shit . 
  how did that work out for you ? 
  well there 's a reason norwegians , finns and danes seem to have a mutual love hate relationship with sweden . 
  it 's like the brother that got into drugs and does n't seem to get his life back together . 
  all lost and confused in some world half filled with fluffy unrealistic dreams . 
  you forgot the link . 
  well ca n't we agree that you people that suffer from white guilt go on and do so and we who do n't continue on doing what we do and then we leave each other alone . 
  if you want to sit there and feel sorry for what someone did in past generations please feel free to do so . 
  but do n't force it onto others . 
  do n't expect everyone to be like you . 
  it 's your hungover not mine . 
  srs ? 
  what does it matter . 
  it is a clear case of legislated racism . 
  it goes beyond law . 
  try it out yourself . 
  go and say a random comment on say ... / r/videos say : `` ah ... white people '' '' and say `` ah ... blacks '' it is everywhere . 
  criticism against whites is tolerated wile it 's not with regards to any other group . 
  just take a look at all these `` scandals '' that pop up every now and then about `` racism '' . 
  the only white people who do n't fall under this rule are white jews . 
  in all other cases racism against whites is very much accepted . 
   if you dont see any women or any one of your background in the field you wan na go in , that discourages you from entering that field . 
  if you 're insecure . 
  but there should not be any different treatment just because you 're insecure . 
   i 'm pretty certain that white swedish people in sweden are far , far less likely to be victims of racist hate crimes than other racial groups men are more likely to be victim of violent crimes than woman . 
  should woman then have no protection under the law ? 
  everyone should be equal in the eyes of the law . 
  no exceptions . 
   just as it 's fair to expect rich people to pay higher tax rates that 's fair depending who you ask . 
  if you ask me everyone should have the same tax percentage no matter income or wealth . 
  plot twist . 
  now he 'll say that `` oh no , your not white you 're from the balkans '' ... and then he retreats back to his stupid beliefs . 
  oh come on . 
  might it just be so that asians and whites own the majority of the business in the world , are the most involved in science etc. 
  might it just be that because of that we also have the bulk of the competences in the fields that are the most likely to be talked about or recruited for in our countries ? 
  i 've worked for three of the biggest tech companies in the world and the reason most there are asian or white has nothing to do with racism . 
  it has all to do with talent and skill . 
  should a company working with future technology employ a black person just because he 's black or employ whoever happens to fit the bill the best . 
  just the recruitment process to most of these jobs ensures that before they 've even seen you you 've gone through many filters . 
  they look at your education , your experience , some cases your grades etc. 
  and the majority of this pre selection is made without any names or pictures of the people applying . 
  when i got to the first round of interviews out of four on my last job there were five people being interviewed that day . 
  me and four asian guys . 
  i got the job and because one of the other five had the same experience as i did and same skills which they needed they decided to hire us both who would have been the first pick we never knew . 
  the skill was what mattered for them not race , gender or ethnicity . 
  no it is n't . 
  take the law `` hets mot folkgrupp '' in sweden . 
  it protects anyone but the swedes which in sense means that it protects every other group except for the white population of the country . 
  ** det fallet att n\u00e5gon uttrycker kritik mot svenskar torde inte ha varit avsett att tr\u00e4ffas av straffstadgandet ** - justitiekansler g\u00f6ran lambertz , 2003 this is just one case where law in a country gives more protection to non-whites than for whites exists . 
  it goes against the whole concept of being equal in front of the law . 
  so what is then the actual harm of reading that story ? 
  i mean if you do n't assume that everyone is stupid enough to think it is the word of god ? 
  is there anything better than to read a story from say dm and then hear someone taking it as an argument in a debate . 
  not only do you know the story , you know the flaws and you can also understand the perspective they 're making their arguments out of . 
  being informed also means that you are informed on the misinformation . 
  well you need to take it for what it is do n't you . 
  i mean why do i even have to argue the point that many stories give a better understanding than a few . 
  do i believe it like it would be the truth ? 
  do i think it sometimes is interesting to see how they decide to tell things ? 
  yes . 
  why ? 
  because it 's a new perspective , a perspective that might be completely ridiculous but still has a hint of something one might not even have thought of . 
  i mean i do not see why it hurts anyone to read as much as possible . 
  especially if you have the time to do so . 
  i have no clue to be honest , 
  it still gives more perspective . 
  even the most moronic person might say something smart once in a while . 
  information does n't cost anything to carry and as long as you know to separate what is true and not . 
  it 's still interesting . 
  at least i think so . 
  it is interesting to see what is being said , who says it and with what arguments . 
  it will give an understanding of more than one view . 
  how could it not . 
  one perspective is only one perspective . 
  two is two and four is four . 
  there 's nothing to loose with reading as many stories as possible on the same topic . 
  you can form an opinion based on many sources instead of one . 
  as anyone that only cares about one side of the story you mean . 
   but conservatives ? 
  i just do n't understand it . 
  it is quite obvious you do n't understand it . 
  i 'm not conservative per se either . 
  but they are n't dangerous or nothing like the us conservatives in general who have invented a complete new level of super-conservatism . 
   after a couple of decades of that i think i 've made up my mind about them .
