  especially from a polish person . 
  who dropped you when you were a kid ? 
  they can also decide to go at it alone . 
  the whole point is , that there is no valid argument that the uk would do any worse without the eu . 
  in fact it would most likely do better . 
  it now has to , as a big world economy , take into account the likes and dislikes of not only germany , france and italy but every other state in the union . 
  the uk also has it 's own currency , good relations around the world and a pool of common wealth nations just waiting to do business with the uk on their terms rather than having to wrestle each and every other eu country with its own needs and demands . 
  germany definitely will do well without the eu and with it 's industrial base every sound minded country on the continent will want to trade with them . 
  so the need for some form of political union or a worst case scenario , a federation is not needed . 
  it 's just a complete waste of time , energy and a source for conflict . 
  if as much time would have been put in european trade as we have put into forcing us closer and closer to a federation we 'd be much better off than we are now . 
  if the euro would n't provided false hope for international investors and the like countries like greece , portugal etc. 
  would have most likely been better off . 
  now greece is like a limbless child dragged across the dirt by others while the greek people suffer . 
  spain is seeing historic unemployment figures and well ... we all know the rest . 
  so what we 've got from the eu lately is an economical crisis on an astronomical scale . 
  we have countries where people are on the verge of giving up completely and without the possibility to decide their own faith . 
  the still functioning economies are hindered by the fact that they either need to pour money into these economies to save the euro or let it go , in both cases it will be a mess . 
  an ecb that has its hands tied behind its back . 
  one part of the emu needs stimulus one way and the other , the other way . 
  in all honestly the size of a mess this is can only be accomplished by blue eyed politicians that believe in a vision so strongly that they refuse to see the practicality of things . 
  and now they dare to come tell people that they 'd be worse off without the eu . 
  it makes you want to cry . 
  give these eu bureaucrats a kiosk and let them manage it for a year . 
  it will have gone bankrupt within a week . 
  all while people outside the store are still figuring out why they needed a queue number in the first place to buy a coke and which of the queue systems is the one they 're supposed to follow . 
  well it very much are two different things . 
  first of the uk alone is the sixth biggest economy in the world so the uk can very much manage without the eu . 
  we do because people are sensitive little babies . 
  opinions are opinions and should be allowed no matter what they are especially in a sub like this that inherently is political . 
  you 'll always have whines like one particular user in this tread that start following around people that disagree with them and spam every other sub with links to the opinions you made that they do not like . 
  to the extent that they get banned . 
  it 's part of the process of whiney little immature people who have too much time in their lives to get offended by everything . 
  i mean who am i or you to say that person a does n't have the right to an opinion or to express it ? 
  it goes against the very foundation of free speech and we already have too much of that in the world . 
  so why not keep the internet free at least . 
  over and out . 
   also there has to be some subreddits that anti-eu-rightist-what 's the opposite of masturbation - gang can go hang in . 
  there already is . 
  but it 's actually more fun to talk to young liberals who for the most part have n't really experienced life . 
  for the most part they have formed an opinion behind a school bench and yet to see what life is , how corrupt people are , how little possibility there is for their ideas to work in the real . 
  some on the other hand are older and more experience through life and these liberals are usually much more sound in their opinions . 
  where they 've come to realise that the world is a pretty nasty place and that there are limits to what we can do . 
  i myself am close to what we could call a mix of a [ minarchist ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minarchism ) and a liberal-conservative . 
  i believe that the states role should be minimal and that its sole purpose is to protect is people and the country through protection of property , defence , healthcare , education , judiciary and safety . 
  it shall not get involved in transactions made by people in business or private unless absolutely necessary . 
  and i do believe in strong nation state . 
  one of the main reasons i am against the eu is that it 's to bureaucratic and puts its nose into business it has nothing to do with . 
  each nation in europe has a strong culture and national identity and by embracing that we can move mountains and let everyone make the decision that suit them the best as a nation and a people . 
  equally across the continent . 
  so your racist against white ? 
  hence the eu could still exist if the eu was n't a political union of some federalist wet dream . 
  if the eu was a free trade zone and economic zone it would be much more flexible and still give countries the freedom of standing on their own without the need to lean against russia . 
  allowing both the freedom and the economic incentive to improve themselves . 
  now we 're all forcefully pushed towards a union that does not have enough support on any level . 
  if it keeps on going like this it will be a huge failure with enormous consequences . 
  i 'm not a euro sceptic . 
  i do think that we can do amazing things on this continent if we decide to do so . 
  but we need to respect our differences and not be forced to some union where decision are made without our control . 
  thank you . 
  one thing that i feel needs to be addressed more , is that we do not need a political union to have free trade , freedom of movement etc. 
  we can still have this without the added bureaucracy . 
  standards are already a wasted argument as there are international standards that exist and can continue to exist without the eu . 
  the iso standards are just one example of standards that do n't need any political or national involvement . 
  it is in the interest of businesses to stream line their products , supply chains and costs to agree on standards . 
  by limiting free movement to only people who already have a job or to people that have something extra to give say knowledge in a specific area , specialists , entrepreneurs etc. 
  allows the market to attract the people it need without the people it does n't need . 
  the us has been doing this for a very long time . 
  you can not just opt and move to the us you need to bring something to the table . 
  either you win a green card or you have a skill that the domestic market can not produce , or you invest in business or you are in science etc. 
  there is nothing wrong with that . 
  now if this does n't function as a wake up call nothing will . 
  honestly i think it 's too late for them to change , any change now would just be seen as an attempt to lure votes instead of actually standing by the promises they make . 
  we are witnessing the new rise of parties europe wide where the old is replaced with the new . 
  old political alliances are broken and the parties that have been saturated by nepotism are slowly dying . 
  it 's a slow revolution we 're seeing and time will tell what the end result will be . 
  but like always when change happens people will scream that it will all go to hell . 
  the same people that 20 years from now will have found a new status quo to live in , and a new set of opinions that are right and wrong . 
  this same bulk of the population never thinks and never has thought . 
  it just takes whatever is given to them with a little bit of resistance and once x amount of time has passed they again evolve into the new mainstream . 
  the true thinkers are the ones that push on even when they are ridiculed and laughed at . 
  the new europe is soon here and all old and soggy maoists , stalinists and socialist are sent packing while freedom , personal responsibility and entrepreneurship are once again rewarded . 
  this is the first true chance europe has had in a long time to change the tide of a power shift from the west to the east . 
  i for one will embrace it and continue on promoting it . 
  because at the end of the day in this world , it always comes down to us or them . 
  no matter how fluffy our beliefs are in the non corruptible and fair humanity . 
  this is the new rise of europe and i 'm going to enjoy every second of it . 
  this was just a taste of what is to come . 
  let the downvotes rain . 
   there where promises made when we joined eu . 
  they told us that they will help us rebuild our country that was devastated by one of the worst forms of communism in europe . 
  they made us pass laws that positively discriminate our ethnic minorities that now have more rights than us . 
  i do n't think the majority of the people in europe would want any of that . 
  most , including me , would love to help our fellow europeans to get back on their feat , on their own terms and on their own time . 
  forcing the country to change laws like you say in favour for empty promises is wrong . 
  it just comes down to this ridiculous political-correctness-cancer that seems to have taken a hold of the whole western world . 
  some kind of colonial hungover that is supposed to affect us all even if the majority of us had nothing to do with it . 
  the whole leftist `` kumbaya '' mentality where everyone will forever get along is eating us up from the inside . 
  for all i care romania should be allowed to deal with it 's domestic issues in a way it seems to best suit them . 
  it is not up to brussels or any other person that does n't need to live with a problem to make those decisions .
