  also what does spain have to do with illegal immigration form africa ? 
  the discussion is n't about beliefs of wealth or prosperity it 's them knowing that what they are doing when hopping on that boat is illegal . 
  if you opt to use a smuggler to get to europe you know that what you 're doing is illegal . 
   misinformation and idealism causing these people to die no what causes them to die is to hop on a boat full of holes in it or if we were to shoot at the boat to drive into the fire . 
  in both cases they can decide to opt out and not try to come here illegally . 
   have you ever left your comfortable home in finland ? 
  yes i have . 
  i 've most likely lived on more countries than you . 
  i 've also worked with refugees in the conflict zones and i know from first hand that the ones that sit on a boat to europe illegally are n't the ones in most need of help . 
  they 're taking up space , and resources here from the ones that really need our help . 
  hippies like you are the ones that do more damage to these people than the ones that want to stop the illegal immigration flows even if it means taking drastic action . 
  when was the last time you were in a war zone helping real refugees ? 
   you guys really put us to shame . 
  not really , we just have a little bit of a bipolar neighbour so you never know when you need it , 
  nice . 
  thanks , give a little more perspective at a simple glance . 
  sivari, 
   just like i do n't see gassing the jews as a solution ... [ oh i see we reached that point ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin's_law ), 
   putting words in my mouth that are n't mine well then tell us what your damn solution is . 
  what is your exact thought on this issue . 
   last thing anyone wants is another brevik , this time being finnish and gunning down immigrants in the streets . 
  what does that idiot have to do with this . 
   oh , look everyone , he 's starting with the personal insults !, 
  no personal insult there . 
  you clearly said '' ... so they never knew '' . 
  no one on this planet that knows about the fact that there is something called europe is so ill-informed that they do n't know that what they 're doing is illegal . 
  so either you think they are retarded or you are kidding yourself . 
  if they did they would n't pay a shit ton of money for someone to take them there in the middle of the night on a boat that barely floats . 
   to quore theodore roosevelt , ` every reform movement has a lunatic fringe . ', 
  you 're that fringe . 
  how clever of you . 
   there is no solution to refugees . 
  there is a solution . 
  you just do n't like the solution . 
   they want to get out and get to safety where they can live a normal life . 
  once again i suggest you study where the most of refugees from conflicts go . 
  that is where we help them , not here . 
   i 'd bet you anything you wanted that they would not increase the quota from those most in need . 
  well you lost that bet . 
  people who are in actual need should be helped . 
  welfare tourists do n't deserve help . 
  if you go through the proper refugee process i 'm more than happy to help you rather than some idiot who decided to skip the queue and come here illegally . 
  i guess the difference between you and me is that you want to help people on a first come first serve basis and helping everyone is n't a possibility . 
  economically impossible . 
  well do you want me to send a frame to you ? 
  i bet in your screenshot you nicely removed the part where i say :  i am at least practical enough to understand that sacrificing a few lives to save many is better . 
   ... it would be for the greater good . 
  for us and the people that would stop trying to come and drown while doing it as they do already without any shooting . 
  i guess i need to take a screenshot myself so you do n't try to bend the truth . 
  i 'll give the same answer any day . 
  i 'd rather sacrifice a few to save many . 
  sometimes we have to make hard decision . 
  if a day comes where i 'm drowning in the water with three kids and the rescuers save the three children and i die because they had to make a decision i 'd applaud them for that . 
   but i 'd be practical about it you obviously are n't being practical . 
  do you know how many people there are in just africa . 
  where in the hell are you going to put them all and how will you in your dream world feed them ? 
   these people live in areas where it 's difficult to get news well apparently they got the news that there is gold in europe . 
   so they never knew your finland would shoot people , how would you feel about that ? 
  well if you decide to hop on a boat to go to another country in the middle of the night you will expect someone to ask what the fuck you 're doing . 
  it is n't rocket science and besides , you claiming that they are so ill informed that they do n't know that what they are doing is wrong just goes to show how little intelligence you think they have . 
   besides , you do n't even know my views well you 've made them very clear and i 've responded to it . 
   you just made an ass of yourself for the whole subreddit to see ok . 
  someone does n't like me on the internet . 
  i 'll cry a river . 
  so what is your solution then . 
  i hear a lot of talk but really few actual solutions . 
  we 've damn near tried everything . 
  each illegal immigrant takes a spot from someone who really needs it . 
  and if you study refugee flows the ones that end up in europe are n't the ones who need our help the most and that is a fact that even the un admits . 
  i 'm more than open to have controlled immigration from conflict zones . 
  but now we can help fewer of them who actually need it because our shores are swarming with people who are n't in the same need . 
  people here seem to have this illusion of what people are coming over the border . 
  they want to help the ones in need , but they are n't willing to help the ones really in need . 
  thank you . 
  why can not people get this simple truth . 
  [ get one of these ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6f/sleep_mask.jpg ) ok i admit , that would be inhumane . 
  this is the question all these hippies fail to answer . 
  they want to eat the cake and have it too . 
  maybe that 's why it is n't working that well , 
   they 're repeatedly criticized by the unhcr . 
  the best argument ever for having them . 
   you 'd be facing cold shoulders . 
  well if we let anyone in that decides to jump on a boat your ass would be sleeping in a cold cardboard box behind a urinal . 
   ferry full of finnish students were shot down by estonian soldiers ? 
  well depends on the situation . 
  if there 's a boatload of idiots from finland that insist on going to estonia after estonia has said that they 'll shoot them if they try again and yet decide to go they can blame themselves . 
  they made a decision and had to take the consequences of that decision . 
   wardogs looking to shoot innocents . 
  you are n't innocent if you willingly break the law and try to force yourself onto us . 
   impractical jingoism is not a solution . 
  well apparently your way of doing thins is n't working out and we have n't tried mine so you can not say it wo n't work . 
  these pacifist hipsters like to do that kind of thing . 
  when the questions are hard to answer or do n't fall into their view of the world they just pretend they did n't hear you . 
  [ maybe we should build some of these immigrant prisons you guys have then . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australian_immigration_detention_facilities ), 
   ` practical ' meaning shooting immigrants on boats that are known to collapse well are you saying it would not make them thing twice before hopping on the next boat ? 
   what the fuck do you think finland is ? 
  north korea ? 
  nom it 's in northern europe . 
   ** i 'm turkish and catalan ** explains a lot .
