  of course they have the right as every other person . 
  but there is no other way to put it , that they are a nuisance wherever they go . 
  it is almost astonishing how one group of people manages to be equally hated around the globe and it all stems from their way in a broader sense not wanting to integrate . 
  some of them do and at that point they stop being a problem . 
  but their traditions and tendency/internal acceptance to commit crime and social structure is so deeply rooted that i can not see any improvement any time soon . 
  no one wants the gypsies not even the romanians . 
  the issue is that there is not humane way to get rid of the problem . 
  we should have a gypsy reservoir where they could do their thing or give them a piece of land they can call home . 
  but their culture of traveling does n't work with that idea either . 
  it sounds so evil to say about other humans but gypsies are really a standing problem in every country that has them . 
  interesting . 
  based on what data ? 
  we 'll let the scots decide if they want to come over . 
  you can not change who you are . 
  if you try to suppress your natural needs and want it will come out in anger and they you 've really dug a hole . 
  the issue is , that people think that we are anything else but animals . 
  we are as much animals as any other animal in nature . 
  the sooner we accept that fact the sooner we would start to really understand ourselves . 
  once we understand ourselves we can avoid a lot of conflicts . 
  trying to change what thousands of years of evolution has programmed us to be over the span of less than hundred years is n't going to work . 
  we can use our intelligence and knowledge to better things and avoid conflict by allowing us to understand our true needs instead of ideological needs . 
  they are from a credible source though . 
  if someone can find the portuguese budget and know how to read portuguese they could pitch in and see if that number is right . 
  you 're welcome to take all of our muslims . 
  it 's all ours !, 
  we sailed to the us long before columbus so it 's also ours !, 
  :d :d :d, 
  where should we put you then : / your cousin estonia is more nordic like , but you 're a little bit off . 
  we like you but ... but it 's not the same . 
  it 's not you , it 's us :(, 
  of course it was n't sincere , 
  they do take non resident to the us military however , but i was talking about luxembourg . 
  finland and sweden are also neutral and not in nato . 
  they 're still in the eu . 
  i know , was thinking the same . 
  first i thought i got the number wrong and had to check again . 
  seems to be a well paying job to work for the military there  wonder if they take foreign recruits , i might consider a career change . 
  i did the gathering of the info , so in true european collaboration mentality i leave the counting to others . 
  kind of like greece did with it 's budget :p, 
  man i 'd love if texas had it 's own foreign policy !, 
  that would so bad ass , you just do n't mess with texas . 
  i do n't think the us figures are as exact as the european ones . 
  we in europe have a better acceptance of government tracking what we do and do n't . 
  many eu countries have laws and stuff on reporting as un employed etc. 
  i laugh so much every time i see this picture . 
  hey we invaded and settled the area once so it 's ours !, 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scandinavian_scotland, 
  lol  do n't forget p\u00f8lsse !, 
  a fellow nordic union supporter here . 
  a federation among the nordic nations needs to happen . 
  we can not be alone , but we would work well together as we 've always done . 
  if scotland wants to join us , so be it i do n't mind , 
  christ it would be a nightmare to organise . 
  i can already see the inter country fighting on who gets what kind of base and so forth . 
  the leftist ideology of global brotherly love and cuddling is just something that will work . 
  ever . 
  they just blatantly try to ignore this natural tendency among humans . 
  people praise the us as a cultural melting pot but it is enormously racially divided as a country and race is very much a talking point on many levels in american society . 
  look at detroit , a perfect example of whites moving to one place once the blacks move in on their turf . 
  or china towns which can be found all over the world . 
  i love the fact that we are proud of our countries in europe . 
  nationalism is not automatically anything bad . 
  just look at the us which is patriotic to the teeth with flags everywhere , `` god bless america '' stickers on every second bumper . 
  sure nationalism can take bad turns as much as anything else . 
  then we also have the issue of most european countries having had to fight for their independence and some fairly recently getting it . 
  of course they do n't want to become a blip in a big federation . 
  i 'd not want it to become an actual union . 
  i can not see myself agreeing with most political views of the french , italian , greek , portuguese , spanish etc. 
  we are culturally way too different . 
  a pure union could be pulled of if the eu is divided . 
  i am fairly sure that the nordics could be in union with estonia , austria and germany as an example . 
  the former eastern block states could also pull one off . 
  just the concept of economic management , what we see as important and not is so different from say northern europe and southern europe . 
  we do n't have a single language that would unite us . 
  the germans are too proud to not have german as the main language not to forget the french who are even less likely to accept any other language . 
  just the fact that english already is spoken by the majority of the people would not mean that many eu countries would accept it as an official language . 
  not to offend anyone but i would n't touch a real union with a ten foot pole as long as the corruption is so wide spread in almost all the poorer eu states . 
  then the issue of beggars and all other kinds of unwanted people would get to roam around and enjoy our social welfare even more than they do now . 
  no , i just can not see it happening . 
  * austria : $ 3,230,000,000 * belgium : $ 5,264,000,000 * bulgaria : $ 698,000,000 * croatia : $ 959,000,000 * czech republic : $ 2,221,000,000 * denmark : $ 4,553,000,000 * estonia : $ 336,000,000 * finland : $ 3,262,000,000 * france : $ 61,200,000,000 * germany : $ 48,800,000,000 * greece : $ 5,939,000,000 * hungary : $ 1,038,000,000 * ireland : $ 1,160,000,000 * italy : $ 32,700,000,000 * latvia : $ 268,000,000 * lithuania : $ 427,000,000 * luxembourg : $ 301,000,000 * malta : $ 58,800,000 * the netherlands : $ 10,300,000,000 * poland : $ 9,257,000,000 * portugal : $ 4,784,000,000 * romania : $ 2,185,000,000 * slovakia : $ 1,026,000,000 * slovenia : $ 788,000,000 * spain : $ 12,800,000,000 * sweden : $ 6,519,000,000 * united kingdom : $ 57,900,000,000 according to : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures, 
   makes these countries way more flexible and function much better in modern world . 
  well depends on how you look at it . 
  on an individual level they do work well in a modern world but as a union where they can not agree on anything they ca n't . 
  unfortunately we 'll never be a power as we will never agree enough to become one . 
  we do n't speak one unified language and half of the union is living of the other half . 
  can you not see the big picture here ? 
  clearly not the issue is more complex than any single matter . 
  wolves and wildlife is just one part of it and an issue where eu gets involved where it does n't have the knowledge . 
  besides i used to be pro eu but after getting into more detail on what the eu does and has done for as i 've changed my opinion . 
  so for me getting more informed did the complete opposite to what you are claiming it would do . 
  we get wolves over from russia . 
  the wolves are not threat at the time , but each time we get a pack of wolves or an individual wolf that goes after cattle or threatens humans and we issue a license for local hunters to kill it a shit storm blows up in brussels . 
  moose and deer are the biggest killers in traffic . 
  from time to time bears and lynxes cause problems too . 
  the point is , that we need to be able to manage this without eu intervention . 
  r/europe is in general a pro eu forum that seems to think that the eu is some gift from god with divine powers . 
  from a nordic stand point at least a nordic union would work better on all levels . 
  nothing would stop us from having free trade of goods and services , as well as free movement of people with the eu while allowing us to manage our other political interests our selves that are similar between the countries and often not in line with continental politics . 
  look up how much gas we use and how much we need . 
  yes we import it from russia but if we wa n't we can use other sources as our consumption is extremely small compared to the continent .
