  the spare parts and upgrades in many case come from russia . 
  as an example even the finns who are n't that fond of russia have 110 soviet made [ bmp-2s ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bmp-2 ) plus a few hundred other personnel carriers also from the ussr . 
  poland has russian [ russian mi-24pn helicopters ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mil_mi-24 ) . 
  the czech republic has among others [ 2k12 kub ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2k12_kub ) and [ 9k35 strela-10 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/9k35_strela-10 ) surface to air missiles . 
  the problem is , that we should not take in countries that need a whip or a carrot to do things that are good for them . 
  i mean i country that just does something to get something instead of doing it for the sake of their people is n't someone that will be a good member in the long run . 
  -- = + seems to be their logic . 
  that would set a stop for any future arms deals and there 's a lot of money in it . 
  the backdoor that exist is that they who designed really do know the ins and outs of the product . 
  we can not either forget that russia still supplies a lot of military technology to europe as well , so it goes both ways . 
  main issue with military technology is that it is expensive to develop , so there 's always an underlying need to let someone else design one thing while you develop another . 
  it really is n't anything new . 
  argentina used british made and sold by the british blowpipe surface-to-air missiles against the british during the falkland war . 
  on top of that argentina had five exocet missiles sold to them by the french who helped the british with intelligence etc. 
  during the war . 
  to be honest , norway understands that the oil wo n't last forever and their economy is n't diversified enough to prosper without the oil . 
  multiple tries have not yielded any significant results for the diversification of the norwegian economy . 
  the danes can only gain from being in a union with its fellow nordic countries and i think the sentiment of joining a nordic union is growing in denmark as well . 
  just tallying up the numbers of interest says that it is a no brainer . 
  we 'd have one of the strongest economies in the world with a very small population . 
  we 'd have almost all the natural resources we need and we 're all fairly in line with each-other on most policies . 
  what surprises me is that there is n't more talk about this . 
  i guess we have to hope that the eu goes even more down the shitter so that our leaders start to take this option more seriously . 
  the problem is that we wo n't solve their problems in europe . 
  the problems can only and need to be solved in their respective countries . 
  we should just have zero tolerance on this illegal immigration even if it takes us to fill a boat with immigrants and ship them back . 
  when they learn that they 'll be shipped back home they 'll start to learn not to try . 
  this is the problem we are dealing with and something we need to start accepting : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle, 
   and it is not even because of the money in many cases . 
  not at all . 
  of course the whole bailout has been a thorn in the eye for most nordics but that is just one thing among many . 
  there are a ton of other factors such as eu bureaucracy , eu regulations , romanian gypsy gangs , undemocratically elected officials such as herman van rompuy and the list goes on and on and on . 
  well read the what is says `` concentrated mainly in ... italy ... '' . 
  i do n't care what is costs they still are a problem . 
  in finland a fairly recent study showed that 90 % of somalian immigrants are illiterate or have big problems with reading , writing and mathematics . 
  if you can read finnish , heres an article about it : http://www.mtv.fi/uutiset/kotimaa/artikkeli/turvapaikanhakijoita-tulvii-suomeen/1865316 i mean the national levels of illiteracy will be reflected in the immigrants even if they pay 1000 $ to come to europe . 
  believing anything else is kidding yourself . 
  russia will get military bases in the balkans if they want to if we 're honest . 
  the balkans is such a mess still that having that solved quickly would be to kid oneself . 
  in general i think the nordics are becoming more and more against the eu . 
  interesting thing was that in a recent study 50 % of finns and swedes said they 'd be prepared to leave the eu and join a nordic union . 
  something i really hope will happen . 
  i see what you 're saying . 
  but i think even 10 years is too short of a time . 
  iceland withdrew their eu application and turkey will never be joining as there will be a veto from some eu member states and if there is no veto people will start heading to the streets in some countries . 
  g\u00e5 p\u00e5 tr\u00e4ff or just tr\u00e4ff is also used , i 'd say even more than dejta in most of the country . 
   if we became invaded and someone tried to remove our language . 
  some ayatollah who will take over in roseng\u00e5rd . 
  then again i think the fact that ireland is english speaking has served its economy very well . 
  there would be a much bigger barrier for google and others to settle their european hqs in ireland if the language was n't english . 
  what irish has going for it , is that it is still thought in schools and that it is still used in ireland in official documents , on public transport etc. 
  it might be a language that is weak compared to many others , but i do n't see it dying in 50 years . 
   who tells you they cant read and write ? 
  well ,  `` the number of migrants from sub-saharan africa in europe are between 3,5 and 8 million , concentrated mainly in belgium , france , italy , the netherlands , portugal , spain and the united kingdom . '', 
  source : `` immigration from sub-saharan africa '' . 
  council of europe parliamentary assembly . 
  11 february 2008 . 
   sub-saharan africans have now overtaken north africans as the largest category of irregular migrants intercepted by european border guards . 
  source : http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/trans-saharan-migration-north-africa-and-eu-historical-roots-and-current-trends regarding illiteracy in in text and numbers :  however , about 38 % of the adult population in sub-saharan africa , or 153 million adults , lack the basic literacy and numeracy skills needed in everyday life . 
  women account for more than 60 % of the region 's adult illiterate population . 
  ethiopia and nigeria are among the ten countries in the world with the largest numbers of illiterate adults . 
  source : http://www.unesco.org/new/fileadmin/multimedia/hq/ed/gmr/pdf/gmr2010/gmr2010-fs-ssa.pdf, 
   if opinion polling is any indication , their judgment will be harsh : anti-eu parties are poised for unprecedented gains from france to finland , athens to amsterdam . 
  i so hope that we finally show the eu `` leadershit '' that we the people run the show , not them . 
  i 'd rather take a financial hit with my dignity intact than bow down for bureaucrats . 
  and i know it 's an unpopular opinion in / r/europe, 
  just goes to show that the eu is a political filler entity where useless old politicians go to die . 
  sheltered employment all the way through . 
  would be interesting to see how all these separatist regions actually would do if they got their will through . 
  i mean a five year test period without any financial support . 
  will never happen , but an interesting thought nonetheless . 
  i completely understand what you are saying . 
  but the bigger question is if the party can run . 
  the prosecution of the ones accused for crimes is another story that will be dealt with by the courts and if they decide to sentence these people it 's the people who will have to take the consequences of their actions and not the party . 
  so there is both right and wrong in this issue . 
  the right thing is that the party gets to run in the election , the wrong thing is if the people who have committed the crimes are n't prosecuted , which i hope wo n't happen . 
  / r/europe seems to love this shitty contest and anyone that disagrees gets voted down to hell . 
  been there done that . 
  always said that twitter is n't a thing in the nordics and people wo n't believe me . 
  here it 's obvious . 
  this is what i also see . 
  we have too many countries in the eu already where corruption among many other things is through the roof . 
  they are weakening the already low trust in the institution . 
  a lack of trust that i myself do n't mind as i 'd want finland and the other nordic countries to leave all together . 
  but as it stands , eu will expand and there does n't seem to be anything we can do about it . 
  but to take in a country that quite honestly is in a region where corruption in much seems to be the way things work is not right . 
  i 'm sure a lot of people will take offence when saying that their countries are corrupt , but this is what i and many with me feel . 
  and we do n't need that lack of trust in an already fragile state . 
  i do n't want to be in eu but to believe we 'll ever leave is just dreaming so then i 'd rather be in a somewhat functional one . 
  i honestly think that now is n't the right time to expand the eu . 
  there 's too much shit that needs to be taken care off and having more members is n't sustainable at this point in time . 
  i am personally against any enlargement , but at the same time i realise that there are too big of a political interest for eu politicians to expand so i 'd hope for the best that they understand that now is n't the right time at all . 
  unfortunately i do n't believe they get this . 
  we might be of whatever opinion we like , but they do have the full democratic right to stand for election . 
  in a democracy all opinions are allowed and it is up to the rest to debate them , show them wrong and guide people to understand the bigger picture . 
  before people start kicking and screaming at the supreme court they should ask themselves , what if your values and opinions were considered dangerous ? 
  there was a time in many european countries where pro-western opinions were considered dangerous . 
  we just need to believe in the peoples ability to make the right decision . 
  does n't always turn out right , but stopping someone from running is not the right way to go either . 
  the greeks will select themselves who they want to represent them .
