  if it does it is the people of the countries that decide to have it so , and then it is a decision made by the people and should be respected in any decent democracy . 
  also , regarding social welfare and immigration . 
  countries with similar levels of social security are more likely to allow immigration between each other . 
  in the nordics we have had passport fee travel and freedom of movement including social welfare since way before the eu . 
  this was possible as the net numbers were interchangeable . 
  norway did n't get people moving to norway because of better social welfare systems from denmark and vice versa . 
  people moved mainly directly because of employment . 
  when you do n't have anything significant to gain except when you find say a new job you wo n't be relocating to a new country . 
  which is way more likely if you 're unemployed in a country with little or no benefits and have an open door to a country with a lot of benefits . 
  directly moving the pressure on the new host country and it 's taxpayers . 
  whereas a person who migrates to work and pay taxes in a country will be generating tax revenue . 
  however , this is only true if they are n't working for lower wages and forcing the domestic population out from work and onto the social welfare system resulting in a lower tax revenue and increased costs . 
  once again an issue experience even with inter eu-immigration . 
   most of which does n't come from other eu states but from former colonies , that where exploited hundreds of years by this countries . 
  not quite true . 
  look at sweden it never had colonies except for [ guadeloupe for a year ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guadeloupe ) and it has one of the biggest immigration flows of non-eu immigrants in europe . 
  finland was ruled by sweden and russia for hundreds of years , we could have been sitting up hear blaming russia and sweden for all our problems . 
  a sentiment that seems to be prevailing in many countries formerly ruled by others . 
  instead we decided as a country to work hard to make our own future . 
  some decide to stay victims as it is the easier way out . 
  for me this is frustrating . 
  people seem to think of especially finland as some rich nordic country that just happened to get everything for free , but man did we have to work hard to get it . 
  my message for any former colony/province or whatever you may call it is that you either lie complaining that you were treated badly or you pick up your tools and start working . 
  there are no short cuts . 
  but saying this usually brings on a fire storm of `` you can not compare us to them '' , `` our situation is so different '' when it actually is n't . 
  first step to success is to kill off corruption and start sacrificing . 
  once you 've done that you wo n't be that keen on giving it away either . 
  estonia is a perfect example of a country that has worked hard and made amazing leaps forward and puts most old eu states into shame . 
  this through the pure will of the estonian people . 
  i have so much respect for such a small country doing so well in such a short time with very limited resources . 
  that was n't the question nor the point made . 
  if you want to solve the eus existential crisis you need to stop kicking and screaming extremist wo n't solve anything and racism/xenophobia at everything as many of our mainstream parties do . 
  you either sit down and listen to the people or you see their dissatisfaction grow . 
   and it 's an overblown issue imo mostly put into focus due to the crisis . 
  regardless i 've found european immigrants to be among the more easy to integrate . 
  they do n't ( have to ) pull the refugee card and mostly come for either a specific job or education and if they come for neither they can be kicked out by the country they 're in if they do n't find work in time . 
  i do n't really agree . 
  sure the economic crisis has made it a more urgent one , but it 's not like the immigration issue did n't exist before the crisis . 
  i 'd almost argue that the crisis made it so much cleared what the ramifications of uncontrolled immigration are . 
  here it 's important to note that i 'm speaking of non-eu immigration . 
  at least when you look at the unemployment data for the nordic countries non-eu immigrants are highly over represented in unemployments with respect to their share of the population . 
  i 'm not sure what the numbers are for other eu states but i doubt it to be much different . 
  therefore we could argue that `` recruited immigration '' from outside of eu is n't really the issue here but rather the ones not having a job when they arrive . 
  what comes to border security there needs to be more cooperation between countries as long as we have open borders within the union . 
  an eu border security agency would not be out of the question at least for me . 
   they wo n't leave on their own and kicking one out does have consequences . 
  kicking them out will definitely have consequences and the financial markets will react to it . 
  but is it necessarily a bad thing ? 
  i believe that the greek economy would be much better off without the euro . 
  it could control its own currency so that it can accommodate its own needs rather than being held back by the ecb . 
  as you say it will have consequences but have we ever really sat down and put pros and cons down and objectively thought about it ? 
  and have we asked for example the greek people to vote on what they as a country want ? 
   more vote anti eu then for a smaller eu or whatever they want . 
  could it be that many of these votes are somewhere in between the extremes ? 
  in say here in finland no major party really promotes a smaller eu . 
  so the only option you have is either to vote for a stronger eu or anti-eu . 
  it 's then quite logical that the ones rooting for a smaller eu decide to vote on the anti-eu party as their main thing is that they as voter do not want to se a bigger more powerful eu . 
  guys , look / u/daporter is back after he got banned all over reddit , 
   i used to take pride in knowing and telling my european friends that scotland was a pro-eu beacon of light in an increasingly anti-eu rest of the uk . 
  was it really ? 
  i do n't know but sounds a little bit of a stretch . 
  i think this is what the issue is . 
  we do n't need some political union we only need the free trade , movement for work etc. 
  what i do n't get with these pro-eu arguments is that they say , that without the eu everything will fall apart . 
  well if we are so hateful towards each other that the eu will fall if not everyone is in it , how in the hell will it ever survive with all the same countries in it ? 
  i mean if we can not get along outside we sure as hell wont get along inside either . 
  then again it 's a bit different to have a name messerschmidt than ali-ham-issam-mulla-buk-buk . 
  most european anti-immigration parties are n't worried about inter eu immigration to the same extent as non-eu immigration . 
  some of the eastern member states are a question mark for most of them . 
  i think , if i remember correctly that it was a party line that they would not unite with fn . 
  from what i 've understood the finnish equivalent is n't quite sure either , nor the swedish but they have n't said much yet compare dot dansk folkparti . 
  well as someone that knows swedish politics more than well i can not say i disagree with him . 
  swedish politics is like putting the tree-hugger , fanatic-feminist , unsure housewife , reddest-of-the-red communists , pot-head and a senile , in bag , and giving it a shake . 
  it 's completely lost touch with reality as has the swedish media . 
  it 's seriously so bag that if you have n't lived in it you wont get it , and if you 're never lived outside of it you wo n't get it . 
  that 's why so many swedes are completely blinded about what the hell is going on . 
  looking from the outside in , it 's like watching a moron in a lifeboat drilling holes in it . 
  who cares about golf ? 
  it 's barely a sport , more of a precision contest of major proportions on a lawn . 
  ok . that explains it . 
  thanks , 
  now that was actually funny , 
  it would be fine to have the negotiations in secret if the people got to vote on it , or at least the parliament without the threat of the commission pushing it through no matter what . 
  if that was the case i do not see any issues with the negotiations being secret . 
  but as long as the end result can be made to law without any intervention by the people we do have a big issue if we can not judge what is being agreed upon . 
  serious question and absolutely no disrespect meant . 
  i say this because we 've not seen eye to eye on most things . 
  but i do have to ask . 
  you as an australian , why do you care this much for the eu ? 
  even if you live here it still makes no sense to me as it is n't your home per se , you can move home any day shit hits the fan so to speak . 
  genuinely curious . 
  soon we 'll all be back to our own little corners of this magnificent continent and can once again focus on our own interests and not the ones of someone living in far-far-away-land . 
  nothing stops us from still being friends , we do n't need eu for that and if we do need eu to stay friends , then the eu wo n't last very long anyways . 
   people were told it would be a financial union , and it grew beyond that . 
  it is n't the uk that changed , it 's the eu . 
  that is actually a very valid point , especially for countries that voted for it 50 years ago and just were in it through its evolution to what it is today . 
  many of your countrymen do n't and i completely understand them . 
  there 's a reason why the scepticism towards the eu is rising and blaming it solely on the debt crisis is being ignorant ( ** not that you said that but in general ** ) . 
  there are key issues that the eu needs to address even if they do n't seem to want to , for the tide to change . 
  immigration .
