  does that make her a fascist ? 
  or did i miss the irony here ? 
  or something in the content ? 
  i 'm confused . 
   i think it 's fair to say that deliberately answering in a language which the questioning officer does n't know when you speak english is failing to answer to the best of your ability . 
  how can the officer be sure the person knew english ? 
  just because you have , say an irish passport does n't mean that you know english . 
  does an person holing an irish passport know english in 99.9 % of the case ? 
  yes . 
  but that does not mean that there is n't a chance he can not speak english . 
  what if it was an old say german fellow he very much might not know a word of english . 
  nope . 
  i do n't need it . 
   we see capitalism as a fundamentally exploitative system , where in the `` traditional '' company , as you call it , workers are exploited by the system . 
  how does this exploitation look ? 
  much better . 
  but i for an example see the socialist system as people being exploited by the state . 
   secondly , the workers are not paid what they are worth . 
  which we 've already discussed . 
  you are paid a market prise based on your skill . 
  if you feel that your pay is too low you can increase your skill or seek another employer . 
  i am for the existence of worker unions as they have worked well in western europe . 
  i am not that naive that i think that one single worker can go against a billion dollar corporation , so unions are needed . 
  i agree there . 
   in contrast , in a capitalist society , you have massive corporations like nestl\u00e9 fighting against and ignoring child labour laws , or companies taking the money from one country and investing it overseas because the workers over there are easier to exploit because of the lack of worker 's protections . 
  socialism has been very good at this too . 
  fabricating famine , forcefully moving people , killing people for their property and in worse case sentence them to work for free on made up charges . 
  from a modern perspective i am for us introducing high import fees on goods from china etc. 
  we need to protect ourselves and our interests . 
  but i do not thing the socialist structure will help us there . 
  i honestly do n't say that socialism is bad as an idea . 
  what i say is that it 's impossible to ever implement anywhere because of human greed and love for power . 
  hence an open system as democracy and controlled capitalism with regulation is the best possible solution . 
  it works and it has been working for a long time . 
  the problem is uncontrolled capitalism where corporations are allowed to roam free and where the state stats to exist for the corporations rather than the people . 
  and unfortunately the us has moved to almost being a corporate state and the eu is taking us fast towards this very system and i do not want to be a part of that . 
  i do n't think we are that far apart in our views but on the topics where we are far apart we are very much of the opposite ends of the spectrum . 
   the thing about the communism is that it 's extremely painful to me to see that of millions of western kids are not taught this part of history for the simple reason that the winners of wwii wrote the history . 
  this , exactly this . 
  good thing about finland is that due to our history with russia we got this thought in school too . 
  most countries have very in debt education on the nazi regime but very or dare i say almost non-existing education on what the communists have done around the world . 
  the biggest problem i have are the ones that do understand this and still say that `` oooh that was stalinism , maoism etc. 
  not real communism '' . 
  communism by its design will always become a totalitarian state . 
  there 's no way around it . 
  many people have the need to . 
  i have shit popping up on my name for a company i worked for 15 years ago . 
  there 's this one project i was involved in and google still finds it . 
  now for me it 's only my name so i do n't care . 
  but it could also be a case where i had my phone number etc. 
  and people still would contact me over it . 
  i mean it 's completely case specific . 
  this has the catholic church written all over it . 
  no wonder many irish have a deeply rooted hate towards the church . 
  hold on here . 
  how in the actual fuck do you charge someone under anti-terrorism laws for speaking a language . 
  this just goes to show how ridiculous all these anti-terror laws are and why we as a people should fight their existence . 
  there are a million and one better ways to stop terrorism that are more effective than this . 
  these laws are just one step closer to complete state tyranny . 
  and people wonder why the us has a thing called the 2nd amendment . 
  well because of the built in tendency of the government in the long run to screw over the ones it exists for . 
  the government is nothing more than the peoples bitch . 
  it is it 's only purpose . 
  to serve us . 
   the workers . 
  so not the market . 
  i mean thing called demand ? 
   the workers decide . 
  they can do it on their own or they can pay an expert to advise them . 
  so the market will not decide the cost of production . 
  how will you know if the cost of the production is above the possible income of the sold finished product ? 
  how will you motivate a supply big enough to sustain your production ? 
   back to the workers ok . sure this has been tested and does work on small scale at least . 
  no different from workers owning stock in a company . 
  you see i 'm not against the concept of worker owned businesses . 
  not at all . 
  i think they 're a nice addition to traditional corporations . 
  i do n't think all corporations should be like this but i do n't see a problem with people starting enterprises like this . 
  that 's the beauty of capitalism , everyone can do enterprise as they please . 
  as long as you keep the state away from it it might even work . 
  but as soon as you introduce central planning of any sort it will fail . 
  you do n't need socialism to make this happen . 
  the framework is already built in into capitalism . 
  the only thing you need are people willing to leave their job and start their own business where they are the owners , workers etc. 
  in fact your chances of succeeding are far better in a capitalistic world than in a socialist world if you want to own and operate businesses even when the owners are the workers . 
  ah one more that understands  we should gang up together and take this discussion to the commies who seem to want to deny this fact . 
  as the saying goes . 
  every country has an army , their own or someone else 's . 
  no problem . 
  hope it 's good  i watched it and i found it to have it all in it . 
  oh found this . 
  the finnish defence forces have made this information video and it even has english subtitles : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhley4uiqno hope it explains better than i do , 
  hmmm ... how to explain . 
  well you can give your `` wishes '' and they do quite well take them into account if you 're good enough to fit the bill . 
  i mean if your super fat , no muscle etc. 
  and want to become a ranger you 'll obviously not make the cut . 
  if you do n't have any preferences they 'll assign you one . 
  wikipedia explains it well :  the conscripts first receive basic training ( 8 weeks ) , after which they are assigned to various units for special training . 
  privates who are trained for tasks not requiring special skills serve for five and half months . 
  in technically demanding tasks the time of service is eight and half or ( in some cases , such as those selected for nco or officer training ) eleven and half months .
