  even when the submissions are well-researched and argued , like this one . 
  could not have said it better . 
  it 's like a damn eu cult in here . 
  we 're witnessing the slow decay of a once prosperous society . 
  no matter what the pro immigration people say . 
  it 's hopefully just a question of time , once the swedish taxpayer has had enough . 
  in my previous home town gothenburg there was almost 60 shootings last year . 
  a number many many many times higher than before the massive immigration to sweden . 
  the social welfare payments in malm\u00f6 , sweden in 2013 was 913 million sek . 
  that is an insane number for a city just over 300.000 people . 
  of the population 41 % are of foreign background , and malm\u00f6 has seen an explosive increase in anti-semitic crime where as an example molotov cocktails were thrown into a funeral chapel in the jewish cemetery . 
  now what if the eu and russia fought over who helps the most in these countries instead of say ... some other issues . 
  a pissing match where the people in need win either way . 
  brussels has a lot of power that it should not have . 
  it is distanced from the people and it has more than a few undemocratically elected `` leaders '' herman van rompuy to mention one . 
   we decided as a people to give that power to our national government at one point with the recent opinions being very different from what was decided upon a long time ago , there should be a new referendum . 
  but as the anti democratic organisation the eu is , they will not allow it . 
  sure , they 'll allow us to have one , but will they respect that decision ? 
  most likely not , just look at how it went with the eu constitution . 
  it was pushed through no matter what the people said . 
  the only place where the eu has an added value is in open trade , freedom of movement and legislation of business practices . 
  the rest it should stay out of at all cost . 
  if not it is the time for the people to remove them from power . 
  who for an example asked the people of the member countries on the expansion of the eu to the east ? 
  an expansion that fundamentally changed the eu from within . 
   the hate speech laws in the nordic countries were designed to protect minorities . 
  they were never intended to protect the majority from fringe loonies . 
  yup . 
  i mean it 's crazy that we 're not all equal in front of the law . 
  well then the same argument could be used to any philosophy , cult or political group . 
  with that logic belonging to a nazi organisation in the 1930-40 does n't correlate with violence but it 's just the people . 
  oh yes we can . 
  it is ten times worse in sweden and anyone who 's lived there know this . 
  i mean it is insane . 
  in the case of jussi halla-aho and mikko ellil\u00e4 i can not remember them being based in any fact but rather just racial rants . 
  in this case the man pointed out facts that the cour acknowledged but yet sentenced him . 
  finland is n't in scandinavia . 
  and i still do n't care . 
  yes ... works better than belgium . 
  has belgium ever worked ? 
  i mean it 's the most confusingly organised country on the planet . 
  what about the rest of europe . 
  you know the big land mass outside of belgium ? 
  no way i 'd want to join some eu federation . 
  might be hard to get that pushed through in many countries . 
  just think about how many unsolved tiny issues there are in europe ... it 's mind boggling . 
  how will you get a country to work without a national identity ? 
  stop ? 
  it stopped a few hundred years ago . 
  the french are just slow in admitting defeat . 
  you guys won , we all know it . 
  says the guy from putinstan . 
  just your username makes me like you . 
  poorly built cars ? 
  that 's better than us though we do n't build any , 
  thank god they stopped them . 
   there is a large correlation between rapes in sweden and the number of immigrants from mena countries . 
  well there is a very strong correlation between muslims and rape and abuse in sweden . 
  this is the whole point , that he get sentenced for stating a fact . 
  fact which were shown in court and acknowledged by the court makes this all even more sick . 
  but in sweden they 're insane and a foreigner preaching hate against swedes can not be charged for hate speech . 
  this just shows how fucked up sweden has become . 
  christ . 
  for all i care you can call it horse shit . 
  if you want to argue about it i suggest you do it with someone that cares . 
  all i wanted to do was to explain to a user what is gaelic , irish and why they 're mixed up all the time . 
  but suddenly there 's a damn army of dick heads with their knickers on a twist screaming uuuuh it 's irish not gaelic . 
  for fucks sake , no one really cares what the fuck you 've decided to call it . 
  people are just interested in your country and your language and all they get when trying to figure it out is bad attitude from idiots like you . 
  in each country and not in brussels . 
  here was a series of comments trying to have a decent conversation but the shit storm below made me think who gives a shit . 
  wiiiii ^ iiiiii ^ iiiiii ^ iiiii ^ iiiii and down we go . 
  it sure did ... 
  malta already sells them . 
  eu managed to stop them from outright selling them but they still do sell citizenships after one years residency : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25959458, 
  it is gaelic but it 's called irish in ireland . 
  gaelic has two major `` accents '' scottish gaelic and irish gaelic . 
  i tried to learn irish once , but kind of gave up when my girlfriend who 's irish ca n't speak it either . 
  anyhow heres a good wikipedia article on it : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_language, 
  a dream come through would be + 40 % `` eurosceptics '' . 
  it 's time to take back power to where it belongs . 
  if they only could wire anything right ... 
  never knew , 
  well i ca n't see how this can go wrong . 
  depressing . 
  that face tells us her cunt just caved in and started to get sour . 
  i figured as much ... 
  whell ... . now we 're talking . 
  crimean who ? 
  if it 's your cup of tea . 
  could not find the one i was looking for but found these . 
  here is one : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistical-atlas/gis/viewer/ heres another that is n't interactive : http://www.eupedia.com/europe/maps_of_europe.shtml, 
  massive run to take out deposits is a good start . 
  now i would not call that hot . 
  i was all exited here to se one hot politician . 
  they 're rarer than priest in a whore house . 
  yulia tymoshenko was hot when she was younger . 
  there 's an english version of this . 
  on my phone now so will try to find it later . 
  yes , i very much can not stand his fake pretentious face .
