  and his party ppd is very much a leftist party . 
  he is anti democratic on all levels and to quote him :  `` decisions taken by the most democratic institutions in the world are very often wrong . '', 
  if that is the kind of politicians you want to make the decision that rule you , so be it . 
  so you 're saying that it is n't worrying when the head of the commission is a former maoist ? 
  well good for you . 
  if you 're a communist you 'll stay a communist precisely like a conservative will stay conservative . 
  besides i believe in limited government ( minarchism if you want to look it up ) so le pen would not really be my party of choice . 
  well it 's true , very many of the people in key roles within the eu have a communist background . 
  ah well then i stand corrected . 
  russia will not invade ukraine . 
  it has in todays world nothing to gain from it . 
  no natural resources of significance or economic gains . 
  it would only cause more trouble than good . 
  the eu is just a wet socialist dream that failed as soon as the leftist invaded brussels . 
  i mean basically every significant figure in the eu is a former maoist or marxist . 
  the eu does n't even have the power to make nations conform to its economical guidelines . 
  how do you expect them to solve a problem involving people ? 
  jos\u00e9 manuel barroso was one of the leaders of the underground maoist mrpp and this idiot is the head of it all . 
  eu is just a political circus nothing more , nothing less . 
  it is ran by people that want to earn as much as possible for as little work as possible . 
  the eu is a project that will fail completely . 
  the last nail in that coffin was laid when it was allowed to expand to encompass the former ussr states that were still finding their place in the global society and getting their houses in order after the ussr . 
   i am so glad that we do not censor political information in germany . 
  is n't exactly anything new under the sun unfortunately . 
  but that they block this is insane . 
  was it ? 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong but i ca n't remember it being live streamed with video . 
  this has to be the first time in world history where we could possibly be seeing a civil war break out in live stream . 
  now i 'm not saying that this is a start of a civil war , but if it would escalate , this would have to be the first time . 
  and that is some weird , spooky and scary shit . 
  i know exactly what you 're talking about . 
  i still try to think that these kids have n't really yet felt the world . 
  i mean i was a very libertarian person when i was in college and to some degree i still am . 
  i 've got a masters in economics and should by default be seen as someone proclaiming the virtues of a free market . 
  but i 've come to realise that capitalism only works if there are rules . 
  capitalism in its essence is the best way to allocate scares resources , but human greed is a part of this equation and therefore we need regulations that limit the forces within capitalism that creates monopolies on money , power and influence . 
  success should not be punished but with success i do believe comes the responsibility of giving back . 
  like the farmer that has a great crop needs to give some of it away as new seeds for the next year ; we when successful need to invest back into society , to create jobs and give others the possibility to succeed . 
  this by no means equals socialism , instead it is a long term investment in the future prosperity of a society . 
  by all means own all the guns you want , and build what you wish on your land . 
  say the words you want to say and pursuit the dreams you want to reach . 
  just remember that we all need to give a little to gain a lot . 
  this is what i think is real freedom and liberty . 
  i would not say dysfunctional . 
  what i would say is that there is some old school propaganda living strong in the us . 
  we ( europeans ) in `` their '' ( sorry for the generalisation ) eyes are taxed to hell . 
  but for someone that has worked and live in the states i can say that even if i made double the salary in the us i have more disposable income left here in finland after all bills are paid . 
  which , to be honest is what counts . 
  sure you 've got the `` freedom '' to decide if you want to ensure your ass or not in the us . 
  but then again any normal person would want to . 
  the american model is in my opinion perfect for the very wealthy . 
  if you 're a normal individual working for a living no matter if you 're lower , middle or upper middle class you 'll still be better off in europe . 
  so for the 1 % that is so often talked about the us is a dream . 
  but for the average person that has to work for a living , not so much . 
  just think of it . 
  in europe with some variations you 'll get free heath care , free education including university level ( except uk and ireland to my knowledge ) or at least minute tuition fees . 
  and these are just the two biggest expenses for most working people with children . 
  not to forget that in europe we get vacations that are n't counted in days . 
  i for an example have five weeks a year plus one extra week provided by my employer , so six weeks a year paid leave . 
  and that does n't include public holidays . 
  we do not work 10-15 hr . 
  days which was very common when i worked in the us , and i belonged to the highly paid people in it . 
  sick leave is paid for as well ( i 've got three days without any doctors note ) and there is no limit on paid sick days a year etc. 
  i really enjoyed the u.s. from a people perspective . 
  americans are genuinely nice and fun people to be around . 
  but from a quality of life perspective i can not imagine myself moving back if i do n't win the lottery . 
  there seemed to be much focus on career and the type of job you had defined you in much of the social circles , media and public discussions in the u.s. 
  the fact that some less fortunate have to work two jobs just to keep food on the table is so sad . 
  i 'm happy to give away a few euro a month from my salary so that everyone gets a shot on a decent life . 
  what i think it boils down to is that we in europe have a little different view on what is the good life than the americans . 
  i 'm not saying that one is fundamentally better than the other but i personally fit in better in the european one . 
  i feel that it gives me less stress over my and my future children 's future and quality of life while allowing me to invest time in other things except work to give life meaning . 
  we should almost have an exchange system where europeans wanting the american model and americans wanting the european model with similar economic backgrounds could switch places . 
  sounds about to be the same in germany as here in the nordics . 
  when i lived in the us ( i 'm from the nordics , but worked and lived in the states for a few years ) and got my first hospital bill i almost shit my pants . 
  sure my company provided me insurance but as a dumb foreigner i just figured that i wo n't bother with the insurance company for such a minute thing ... well thank god our business was so important for the insurance company that they ended up covering it all afterwards even if that hospital was n't one of their recommended ones or how it worked . 
  ooooooooook thanks , 
  fake openness is what sweden is nowadays . 
  people harassed by media and labour unions , fired because of their political beliefs and identities hung out in the public for what they said ( freedom of speech my ass ) . 
  i 've lived in sweden for 22 years of my life , and i 've also lived in russia and i can tell you that there is more free speech in todays russia than there is in todays sweden . 
  only difference is that in sweden the journalists are doing the harassment while it in russia tends to be corrupt politicians . 
  another difference is that russians will admit that there is an issue , while swedes just pretend everything is perfectly fine . 
  if you ask me the latter is the more dangerous situation . 
  i can promise you that you wo n't find one single toilet in the nordics that does n't take paper . 
  i 've never seen one here in my life . 
  very very very evil !, 
  especially when you wa n't to wash your hands quickly and have to settle for ice cold water . 
  fuck that shit . 
  i lived in ireland and they have those taps as well . 
  they are one of the most annoying things ever . 
  not to forget those electric showers . 
  what are the claws in that thing ? 
  many greek islands have this rule . 
  some mediterranean countries have this as well . 
  last time i saw this was in greece . 
  and yes it is disgusting as hell . 
  no worries  thought as much . 
  read what i said again . 
  nowhere did i generalize . 
  i used the term some which is the opposite of most .
