  or does someone have to draw you a map ? 
   who have to keep going through your comments and deleting them . 
  so not only do you get offended for the sake of others , you also worry about how much work people can do ? 
  man you really are such a nice person ... well no i take that back , you 're not nice , you are in fact very narrow minded and completely pointless to talk to . 
  besides the rules you are referring to say this one :  racism , as well as xenophobia , homophobia and other forms of bigotry will not be tolerated . 
  are deeply worrying in a sub that is highly political as it is a subjective view on what falls under each `` category '' . 
  as we see here , what you see as racist i do n't . 
  what i see as bigotry you do n't . 
  your views to me feel very bigoted by the simple definition of the word bigoted :  bigoted having or revealing an obstinate belief in the superiority of one 's own opinions and a prejudiced intolerance of the opinions of others . 
  with bigotry not allowed you should be banned right away . 
  but i guess that does n't work for you . 
  they wonder why people are fed up . 
  huge unemployment , people loosing houses , livelihoods and you name it and these idiots spend like there is no tomorrow . 
  while some idiot cheer them on without thinking what they 've create . 
  not biased at all . 
  let us pretend there are n't massive issues with this . 
  because ... sweden . 
   one of my great hopes is that one day you 'll realize how abhorrent your positions are . 
  that , or that you 'll one day see the shame in your children 's eyes over the opinions you have . 
  now we are talking . 
  instead of whining about it just say it . 
  i mean i can take it and so can anyone else that according to you have abhorrent opinions . 
  let it all out , it is going to make you feel so much better . 
  what comes to my children . 
  well they will be allowed to form their own opinion and i will teach them one important lesson that many seem to not understand . 
  never judge a person on their opinions . 
  if you disagree take the debate . 
  if you are too afraid to take the debate , then you are not secure in your own beliefs and should with even less reason judge anyone over it . 
  they will also learn to respect freedom of speech and opinion . 
  however incomprehensible it might sound for you , i 'd be willing to die for your right to say what the hell you want . 
  i doubt that you would be willing to do the same for anyone that does n't agree with you . 
   pre-judging people based on your subjective opinion that they are not-native . 
  not native has nothing to do with race . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  racism also per definition means that you see people of another origin , race , ethnicity or whatever you may call it as worth less than you . 
  i do n't . 
  i think that every person has the right to exist , and that every person has the right to have an opinion and that everyone is as much human as i am . 
  but i do not think that europe should be open for everyone , i do not think that all people are completely and identically equal in every possible way . 
  some are smarter , some richer , some poorer , some good at sport , some are bad at sports etc. 
  i also believe that some cultures foster behaviour not compatible with western society . 
  but that is a cultural issue , not a race issue . 
  if it so happens that everyone belonging to that culture is of the same race it still does n't make it anything but a cultural issue . 
   yes , i 'm ` professionally offended ' because i try and explain to a racist , xenophobic , sociopathic , bigot that their opinion is abhorrent . 
  no you 're professionally offended by the way you are trying to go around asking for banns , or the creation of other subs to opinions that do n't suit you and your world view . 
  exactly this . 
  i mean seriously . 
  it just goes to tell what is deemed an ok opinion and not in this sub and it is about time someone took it by the legs and shook it around a little . 
   i have a problem with racists that inherently means that you have an issue with opinions . 
  furthermore your definition on what is `` racist '' is very happy-go-go . 
  shooting at a boat with immigrants is n't racist . 
  it does not make any statement on ethnicity . 
  it does not make any statement on xenophobia , it only is a statement about doing a to stop b. 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  you , yourself make it `` racist '' . 
   you would see me as sub-human well i kind of do and it does not have anything to do with your ethnicity . 
  i 'm also fairly sure that by now you see me as a sub-human . 
  do i cry over it , no . 
  should i ? 
  it 's an opinion and nothing more . 
   given you 've said many remarks along those lines in the past if you are referring to my many comments about gypsies ? 
  well once again i 've never said it is a genetic thing . 
  i 've said that their culture seems to breed a form of behaviour . 
  culture and race are very much different things . 
  i also said that at what point do we ask if it is ours or their fault that gypsies ** seem ** to be universally hated in all countries that have a gypsy population . 
  i mean it is a valid question . 
  it is an interesting question . 
  because there is no way to deny that gypsies tend to end up not being a particularly liked minority in the countries they have a `` significant '' population of gypsies . 
  again , seems like you prefer to only discuss what you deem ethical enough to talk about . 
  any opinion that questions your world view is racist , xenophobic or pure evil . 
  opinions you deem to fall under your subjective categorisation of intolerance is an intolerant act by itself . 
  you preach tolerance but you seem to be very intolerant yourself . 
  but no worries , you 're not alone . 
  there are many `` professionally-offended-people '' out there . 
  it is nothing new . 
  well in fact it is , this whole political correctness movement is fairly new and the only way it 's followers can protect it is to kick up a huge dust cloud of being offended or throw in a hitler car or two so that they can kill off any discussion aimed at questioning this whole phenomenon . 
   he gets shouted out very much so . 
  like savannajeff and a few others that are kicking and screaming because this sub is n't the cuddly we-want-to-save-the-world-and-sing-togheter-sub anymore . 
  the amount of angry pms i get form some users here is hilarious . 
  most of the time it 's not even over a comment where i intended to push it a little to the extreme . 
   i 've been contacted by a number of former quality posters well that is quite of a subjective opinion is n't it . 
  long before i ever posted my first comment in / r/europe i was amazed what a circlejerk it was in here . 
  sure do i sometimes push the envelope , yes . 
  do i sometimes intentionally want to push it a little too far , yes and at least it is starting to feel that not each thread is the same old . 
  it is quite obvious that you want to have some pro-eu-political-correct club here . 
  but you know what , that is n't going to happen . 
  that is undemocratic and if the mods go down that road it would just go to show that this sub has nothing to do with europe but a lot to do with the `` right opinions '' . 
  can you not comprehend the fact that this `` tide you 're talking about '' also reflects the current political tide in europe . 
  the continent this sub is all about . 
  christ one more of these . 
  well let me tell you the world has gone too far with what it deems racist and or xenophobic . 
  my issue with the roma are n't really anything unique in the context of people in europe . 
  but instead of walking around whispering about it i prefer to say it out loud . 
  this at least allows for a discussion about it . 
  there are tons of stupid comments made daily that i might find offensive if i want to . 
  but i do n't . 
  i think that life is too short to be that thin skinned and be offended , in some case for the sake of others . 
   then there are the people that even outright suggest gunning down refugee children to prevent more refugees coming . 
  ah ... my famous comment . 
  well you see what i said is that it is a solution . 
  and it sure is .
