  morons will always believe that there is eternal peace . 
  it was bound to happen that russia wold become a threat again . 
  holy shit you post much . 
  that little bugger . 
  i think it 's time he realised that no one likes him . 
  bushes little toy boy . 
   er eu law , governments must not run budget deficits higher than 3 % of economic output or gross domestic product ( gdp ) . 
  if they do , they fall under the excessive deficit procedure , which could lead to fines . '', 
   this rule was put out of play since the start of the euro . 
  if i remember correctly germany was the first offender but was given `` lenience '' . 
  do n't remember exactly if it was this particular rule or some other but nothing ever happened and nothing has ever happened since then . 
  so much for fair rules . 
   the local white supremacist group similarly brags about page views being higher than different leftist sites . 
  i checked and could not find any forum there . 
  or then i missed it , but that would have been an obvious explanation . 
  i also think they get very much visitors from their opposers on the left and journalists as they are quite controversial . 
   old people ca n't internet oh indeed quite many can . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  of course nothing compared to the young . 
  now i wonder why they are so keen on him . 
  why not pick someone who all can agree on ? 
   right now , it would be counterproductive . 
  honestly i do n't think so . 
  especially with the russian attitude that arms can solve all of their problems . 
  because we do n't have any military muscle it makes the eu weak . 
  i also doubt that the eu actually has any means of doing anything but to talk . 
  which the bureaucrats seem to be `` good '' at . 
  no but you could have taken a more active role than just banning imports of caviar and vodka . 
  or to freeze some random accounts . 
  eu is n't synonymous with europe . 
  finland already builds more nuclear while other like germany are doing the opposite . 
  if finland were to follow the eu trend we 'd not be building more nuclear . 
  white guilt is a fabricated form of guilt extended through generations that had nothing to do with it . 
  if you want to feel guilty be my guest but do n't expect me or others to be . 
  people just think there will be some huge payback towards the uk . 
  they 're just eu-fanatics that do n't really grasp the realities of world trade . 
  claiming that the uk would loose it 's free trade agreements is just ludicrous on so many damn levels it 's not even funny . 
  but i enjoy watching the eu-muppets think otherwise . 
  do n't need a source for something that is absolutely crystal clear . 
  i so hope the uk leaves so all of you people can get a taste of reality . 
  trade is always a mutual agreement . 
  no one will accept a one sided trade agreement . 
   towards sarcasm as it could just be the bad humour we normally attribute as a german stereotype . 
   maybe i 'm just underestimating you . 
  it was sarcasm . 
  mainly because of the comment `` uk belongs in eu '' . 
  like putin would say that ukraine belongs to russia . 
   germany does n't care about it germanys whole economy is based around foreign trade on a massive scale . 
  honestly i am fairly sure that the brits have more sway in international politics than the germans and there are quite many countries in the commonwealth that they could influence which would have direct effect on them . 
  the simple truth is that there will not be any economic war between the eu and the uk . 
  ever . 
  main export partners of germany : france , uk , netherlands , us . 
  number two and four are reason enough for germany not to support any actions relating to trade with the uk . 
   the eu is already half a federation . 
  no it 's not . 
  what do you think ? 
   en it most certainly will be show based on realism . 
  the eu can not do anything towards the uk or it 's economy . 
  they ca n't even cope with russia . 
   the eu will fk the brits over so bad that no other country will ever dream of abandoning the eu project .  the eu will fk the brits over so bad that no other country will ever dream of abandoning the eu project . 
  this right here is why the eu is dangerous and should be killed off as soon as possible . 
  the uk if far too big of an economy for the eu to ever want to mess with it . 
  also the eu would have a pretty hard time explaining itself to the us . 
  she 's a closet communist . 
  always was . 
   let 's just agree to disagree you are disagreeing with yourself . 
  the flow of comments is there and it 's clear that you took it way off from what it was about . 
   or alternatively , the uk being locked out of the single market that will never happen . 
  i can promise you it will never happen . 
  i can promise you with one hundred percent certainty that the result in the following countries will be like this in a referendum : austria = no denmark = no finland = no france = no greece = no ireland = no italy = no netherlands = no sweden = no uk = no and then many will follow suit . 
  if finland votes no , estonia will definitely vote no . 
  the rest of the countries i do n't know about . 
  but with the above voting no , there 's not much of a federation to build . 
  oh if they try to force the people into a federation i can promise you that our streets will have blood on them . 
  there is just too much of an opposition to such an idea . 
  hell even i 'd drag my lazy ass to fight them . 
   that the majority of its people did n't want to be a part of the majority of europeans do n't want to be part of a federal eu . 
  if he only had balls enough to hold the british referendum now and not in ten years . 
  then i 'd take him seriously . 
  but it 's good that at least someone is kicking some federalist balls . 
  funny thing is that the countries that seem to breed the most of them are either in the hopes of becoming the new european super powers or small ( luxembourg ) or disorganised that they need the eu to keep their shit together like belgium . 
  no offence but the belgian governing model is so chaotic that even a town meeting with a shaman would make more sense . 
  thank god we have the british to keep these in check . 
  when they leave the ones staying , especially the small countries , can start giving up any hope of ever having a say again . 
  there will be a little nice federation where estonia , lithuania , sweden , finland , denmark , malta , portugal etc. 
  will just be an insignificant speck of dust in the used underwear drawer . 
  putin !, 
  the eu is already his bitch so would n't make much of a difference . 
  good . 
  why people are supporting him for this post is nothing more than damp politicians trying to find one of their friends a protective bubble to earn taxpayer money from . 
  i 'm fairly certain it would spur more countries to take a serious thinker on their future in the eu . 
  especially when it most certainly will be shown that the uk as a country nor its economy will take any damage from this . 
  slowly but surely things will start to collapse and not before long the eu is only a distant memory in the rubble pile of other anti-democratic projects . 
  uk could very well be the saviour of europe again . 
  it seems to take someone from outside the continent to keep the world a better place . 
  i think you are a little derailed here . 
  we were talking about / r/europe in a meta sense until you came mumbling about religion . 
  i know it 's not always easy to follow when things are a little too complex to handle but at least try . 
   this is the classic `` keynesian approach '' indeed it is , but we have a keynesian economy , globally . 
  but that is a different question to be debated .
