  he also contradicts himself . 
  if interest rates go up , so do the interest rates on deposits . 
  if there 's a depression the answer will not be in increased interest rates but rather lower interest rates . 
  for stock the price is still based on all future dividends of the corporation so it will just correlate with that , as usual and be traded with that in mind . 
  sure the markets would react , but after a short while it would balance off . 
  besides the interest rates are n't something that just jump up or down for no damn reason . 
  either you stimulate the economy with lower interest rates or you cool it off with higher interest rates . 
  he as an economist should know this and interest rates are n't the only tool the central bank can use . 
  it can increase money supply and push inflation which would as he should know eat away on debt . 
  if i was n't tired and it would n't be about midnight i could probably bother myself to explain in even deeper detail how stupid his statements are . 
  this guy is a fucking joke . 
   ... plunging the whole nation into a depression from which it will be unable to recover . 
  oooh yeah and i shit rainbows . 
  oh those damn lesbians ... get each other so wet they flooded the whole damn country !, 
  almost a billion sek in just welfare payments for a city with just above 300k citizens . 
  that is insane . 
  not to forget the other cost occurred from the immigration such as increased cost for healthcare , increase crime ( which has increased in all swedish cities in correlation to immigration ) , more support functions on other social services etc. 
  not to forget that for each child they get an extra 1050 sek a month per child . 
  i mean if you do n't think thats much start sending me 30 $ a month . 
  it comes out of the taxpayers pocket . 
  as you edited i have to edit : the unemployment in malm\u00f6 is [ 14.9 % ] ( http://www.ekonomifakta.se/sv/fakta/regional-statistik/din-kommun-i-siffror/oversikt-for-region/?region=1280 ) that is way above the national average of [ 8.5 % ] ( http://www.ekonomifakta.se/sv/fakta/regional-statistik/din-kommun-i-siffror/oversikt-for-region/?region=1280 ) . 
  it also does n't count for people in programs . 
  of all the unemployed in malm\u00f6 in ages 16-64 [ 58 % ] ( http://www.finsamimalmo.se/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/arbetsl%c3%b6shet-och-syssels%c3%a4ttning-i-malm%c3%b6-2013.pdf ) are foreign born . 
  fifty fucking eight percent !, 
  fairly simple to be honest . 
  put them on a boat and ship them back home . 
  and where did i say that if you 're born in iraq makes you a criminal ? 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
  what needs to happen is closing non eu immigration completely if you do not apply for a work/business/student visa . 
  only refugees from conflict zones can apply for safe haven through proper channels and once the conflict is over it 's time to go home . 
  seriously that 30s remark became old a long time ago and once someone makes that statement they 're intelligence lowers by a 100 points right away . 
  thank you  now i wonder if there is a longer documentary about this . 
  this is really interesting . 
  i was talking about helping . 
  as in competing in who helps more . 
  in my book thats a win . 
  well there were just a few cases in sweden where they 'd mover to iraq and were still taking government grants as refugees from iraq . 
  then there are many other forms of cheating the system as faking illnesses to get disability pension while still working on the side in a pizzeria they do n't pay taxes for etc. 
  one man named samir el-shemesani is the most obnoxious one . 
  he cheated 4 million sek from the system through different family support schemes . 
  one thing he did was that he collected welfare money for suffering from severe arthritis and was n't able to move , got support money for a caretaker who happened to be a family member . 
  he got caught because a video with him dancing at a lebanese wedding came out and someone in the government busted him . 
  he and some of his family members got 3 years in prison . 
  i mean this is just the tip of the iceberg . 
   the med looses water much faster than the rivers provide it . 
  never knew this . 
  interesting . 
  ok thanks for this . 
  i guess when a country is in a shape like greece is people want fast fixes and do n't think long term . 
  from what i 've understood samaras is fairly ok . do n't know much about the politics of his party though . 
  kamels\u00e5s on kebab !, 
  no completely hydraulic . 
  so what party do you root for ? 
  just curious . 
  his great grandfather was a circus negro who pretended to be a cannibal :d true story , his name was john hood . 
  [ picture of him ] ( http://gfx.aftonbladet-cdn.se/image/10648592/359/normal/08fd9ea3a92f8/hatt+och+kravatt ) . 
  the newspapers back in the day wrote about him as '' `` idealet af negersk\u00f6nhet '' which translates to `` the ideal handsome nigger '' . 
  article about him ( in swedish ) : http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article10963815.ab, 
  whatever you 've been smoking i 'd suggest you stop smoking it . 
   are you really just accepting all these people from messed-up countries because of your bleeding-heart kumbaya politicians ? 
  that is actually what sweden does . 
  there is no need to `` import '' workers that are n't employable . 
  a much wiser strategy is to recruit people to positions we can not fill . 
  something sweden in fact did in the 50s and 60s and was very successful at . 
   employers often view ethnic nordics as lazy and/or spoiled might be , i do n't know but my personal experience is quite the opposite . 
  in some cultures we might look lazy as we do n't sit in the office to 1 am in the morning . 
  we do what we are supposed to do during our normal working hours . 
  you do n't get one of the most functioning societies in the world with being lazy . 
  now the immigration is putting pressure on the functionality of that society . 
   the main parties do either jackshit or bullshit about the very real issues this is exactly it . 
  i do n't enjoy voting the parties i have to vote for in eu and national elections but they 're the only ones taking this issue seriously . 
  i remember when i was in m\u00fcnchen in the late 90s , and it 's already completely different now . 
  some big part of the atmosphere is gone . 
  especially at night time it feel more hostile in some parts . 
  i love that city , it 's one beautiful city and i 'd argue that it 's one of the most beautiful and nice cities in europe , but it 's heading the wrong way . 
  it 's still nothing compared to sweden where it 's gone up the wall crazy . 
  eu seriously needs to do something and fast . 
  there 's no sin in sending back people who are here just to abuse the system . 
  guess so , as i said i have no clue what so ever  just looked at the map and thought that hey ... let 's build a dam . 
   i 'm all ok with immigration within eu . 
  from outside eu they need to have a job before they get here , like in any other place in the world . 
  as i said . 
  cheap commodities and high taxes are n't a necessity , they are if you aim to support such a big part of your society through welfare . 
  if you do n't have a job and you 're not an eu citizen you should not be allowed to live in the country . 
  this is common practise almost everywhere in the world . 
  but getting a permanent waver is way too easy , especially in sweden . 
   where does the eu have power it should not have ? 
  everywhere . 
  it should not have any power at all if you ask me for anything except trade policy and freedom of movement . 
  there will be civil war before that happens . 
  the chief should be voted in an eu wide election . 
  and in english ? 
  the new finnish archipelago . 
  you damn islanders :d, 
  for the mediterranean you 'd theoretically just need to build a dam at gibraltar and the sue suez canal . 
  do n't know of any other inflows though so it 's just speculation . 
   sweden is fucked . 
  that is an understatement . 
  such continental bull shit . 
   because people in this subreddit will downvote headlines they disagree with , and they do n't want to read or talk about anything that paints the eu in a bad light .
