  this is a burning subject in most eu member states and no one seems to want to touch it . 
  it 's about time we sit down and take this discussion seriously . 
  we 're bursting through the seams with , in many cases not integrable immigrants , that push our welfare systems to the limit . 
  this while many european countries can not even provide for their own . 
  let alone that immigration is all too often said to be a must because of labour shortage which in the situation we are in is ludicrous . 
  something needs to happen . 
  clear rules on immigration for all member states is a huge priority . 
  the powers the eu should and should n't have . 
  people are feeling frustration when they feel that their ability to decide over their own faith is taken away from them . 
  with eu presidents and what not being selected and not voted by them to represent them makes people feel neglected . 
  hence there needs to be a decision made on what the people actually want the eu to be . 
  here in / r/europe it might at times sound like an eu federation is what everyone wants but that really is n't the case . 
  just the recent results from this election goes to show that . 
  problem member states probably the trickiest of them all . 
  some member states just are n't pulling their weight and are n't ready for being members . 
  no matter what you individually think it is a question that needs to be addressed . 
  the eu needs its key players and at the moment there 's more than a little unhappiness towards these member states from these key states . 
  do we want the eu to survive or not . 
  one thing is for sure and that is , that without all the key member states the eu will fail . 
  so do you sacrifice a little to gain much ? 
  do we keep on pretending that the issue is n't there and just hold on hoping for the best , or do we take action ? 
  no matter what the outcome of such discussion would be , one thing is sure and that 's that people will feel let down and disappointed . 
  euro a monster of complexity : can we have states in this union that are n't part of the euro ? 
  should the euro be split up into two zones ? 
  should the euro be put to rest ? 
  or can the euro survive as it is now ? 
  not hard to know that i 'd have an opinion on it as i 've made it very clear before what i think . 
  but for him to be able to influence others which kind off lies in the core of politics is n't dependent on his constituents . 
  and ? 
  sure is , but you still get what i mean . 
  i hope . 
  he is n't really someone you 'd take seriously when he speaks in parliament . 
  more like the fact that i question on what extent he will be taken seriously by other meps . 
  it 's kind off an key attribute of a politicians to be taken seriously . 
  this map is terrible . 
  cities are all off , the lake v\u00e4ttern in sweden just diapered , and it 's not really a small lake it 's just about little less than the complete land mass of georgia , 
  anyone seen my nuts ? 
  i mean you have to be a little nut to go on tv while running for the eu parliament with a blue head band and a slogan `` everybody has the right to be an idiot '' . 
  he sure might be a good guy for all i know , but mep material he is n't . 
  still comes down to elections and you only have two options . 
  in my experience form living in the states people very much associate them selves with either or party . 
  no one knows nothing before the facts are in . 
  for those who are asking themselves the question : why ? 
  the finnish broadcasting company has conducted a short interview with every candidate . 
  they are asked to pick another european language to answer one question in . 
  some comedy is ensured when some of them can not barely speak their own language , 
  this commando-guy is my favourite of the nuts standing for election : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zf9doyerous, 
   actually most itsen\u00e4isyyspuolue interviews are great . 
  itsen\u00e4isyyspuolue is like a magnet for nuts . 
  if you feel down a day you just go and watch a few of their interviews and you 're laughing your ass off . 
  you can not say that it 's not mainstream gop . 
  there is no such thing comparable to europe as you 're either republican or democrat in the us system , so you 'll have groups within both parties that here in europe would belong to either the far right or the far left . 
  problem is that the us only has two parties so you can not compare them equally . 
  but there sure are people as nuts in the gop as in golden dawn . 
   it comes from european communists . 
  and there 's the main reason it was an undemocratic concept from the start . 
  this is exactly what bugs me with the left . 
  they try to kill discussion with labelling it as racist or xenophobic without wanting to take the debate . 
  in a democracy every opinion should count and be allowed to be said without being forced to silence . 
  forcing opinions to be silenced results in it just building up until it bursts . 
  i 'd argue that the big rise in right-wing parties across europe is a direct result of people being told one too many times what they are allowed to say or think . 
  the main stream parties have failed them and now they turn towards other alternatives . 
  political correctness is the worst thing that has happened western society and is killing our traditional values such as free speech and freedom of opinion from within . 
  as soon as i see an article that has `` 10 thing you did n't know ... '' , `` 5 things that ... '' all validity of the whole story goes down the toilet even if it was backed up by evidence . 
  just reeks of bad journalism . 
   this seems to be a group that consists of various right wing activists i 'd say that more than anything they we 're leftist activists . 
  if they we 're right wing activist i doubt they 'd have issues with nationalist in ukraine . 
  lol that 's like straight out from a comedy . 
  thank you so much for taking time to write this down . 
  something i 've thought about a few times but never got around to research . 
  staatenlos is the same as statsl\u00f6s in swedish which translates stateless in english , 
  i have explained . 
  i 've said that it is a murderous ideology that always ends up costing people their lives . 
  you might be right . 
  my feeling is that / r/europe is a very flyffy in general where some opinions are more accepted than others . 
  especially the left seems to go on rampages every now and then . 
  myself who 's a conservative get called a right-wing fanatic all the time . 
  personally i do n't care , it 's almost funny . 
  especially when you then provoke a little more . 
   it 's a bit early to start speculating . 
  as i said : `` then again no one knows nothing before the facts are in . '', 
  speaking of which , how was he able to run for office in germany when he was austrian ? 
  i mean did he change his nationality at some point ? 
  genuinely curious . 
   was against swedish kids norwegian not swedish . 
   yet i bet he will not say a word to the sharia marches in europe where they openly claim they are in war with the west and will destroy european civilization . 
  once again i end up agreeing with you . 
  for me it is always funny how people are quick to denounce far-right but as quick to defend muslim immigration to europe . 
  if they truly believed in a peaceful society they 'd want to do whatever they can to stop muslim immigration to europe . 
  then again muslim organisations are very much more openly anti-semitic than most far right organisations . 
  directly bringing back the discussion on muslim immigration to europe . 
  it would not be the first time the perpetrator in an act like this would be muslim . 
  but as of now we do n't know it could be any kind of person with mental issues and just a random act of violence . 
  i guess they just think about the incident in france . 
  muslim organisations are very much anti-semitic so it would not be a stretch to make such an assumption . 
  then again no one knows nothing before the facts are in . 
  i 'd argue that the left here is much stronger . 
   first time that happens since ww2 you sure ? 
  feels like shit like this happens every now and then . 
  maybe not murders but random acts of violence in and around synagogs .
