  instead of wasting it on pointless wars and other non long term investments . 
   the more popular it gets the more content they 'll be able to provide and the bigger of a message it sends to cable companies . 
  that would make sense . 
  but then again the industry does n't make sense . 
  production companies will soon start to try their own and we 've already seen some pull their content from netflix . 
  for me the biggest reason i do n't pay for it , is that there is n't content . 
  i do n't want to pay for content i do n't watch in the hope of getting more content . 
  either the content is there or not . 
  i 've been waiting for a service that would mean that i can stop downloading what i want to watch . 
  has n't come along yet : /, 
  netflix honestly sucks . 
  they do n't have any good content . 
  and if they do they 'll have season 3 , 5 and 8 but not 1,2,4,6 and 7 . 
  waste of time and money if you ask me . 
   i laughed my ass off reading it . 
  oh you 're not alone , 
  ah ... well same shit different package :p ok that was below the belt . 
  it was a joke . 
  so how was i proven wrong ? 
  that romania is n't suddenly below all eu countries in development ? 
  i see well i 'll go and stick my head in the sand and pretend all is nice and cozy . 
   i actually have finnish friends . 
  ok , good for you and johannes . 
   do you think people want to live in the sewer ? 
  no but the fact that they have to do so tells a lot about the level of development . 
  compared to say northern european countries . 
   and the state has enough money to provide housing for free to all addicts or drunks . 
  here ... exactly this is the thing . 
  we have developed enough to be able to provide them housing and treatment and not let them sleep in s sewer . 
  it 's about getting up to a specific level of development that is the key here . 
  what i am saying is . 
  that i do n't think romania was ready as a country to enter the eu on almost every measurable unit . 
   earns you the distinction of being a racist fucking idiot . 
  ok . what should i do now ? 
  go and cry ? 
   at least we 're making good progress on the corruption front . 
  and i 'm not denying that . 
  from the downvotes i 'm getting it seems that people can not see it as a base of discussion and instead take it as a personal insult . 
  there are many reasons to argue that romania wa n't ready . 
  no one has stated any arguments to why it was ready . 
  maybe i 'm wrong ? 
  but as long as there are no concrete arguments made , except posting clips about nice mountains and talking about how the eu membership helped industry it still does n't answer the question was romania ready . 
  i do n't see it as having been ready . 
   are you 12 years old ? 
  no i 'd like to ask you the same . 
   at least we are not resorting to cheap domination tactics in this discussion . 
  i do n't need to try to dominate , you we 're born as a bitch so that comes automatically and you 've done pretty good at being a bitch . 
   but you my friend are the fucking blueprint of lowbrow right wing xenophobic asshole . 
  no i 'm a realist that looks at numbers . 
  numbers do n't lie , people do . 
  those 25.4 % are n't made up by illiterates from third world countries . 
  the major bulk of foreign nationals living in switzerland . 
  permanent residents by nationality , in 2011 : * italian : 287,995 * german : 275,300 * portuguese : 223,667 * serbian : 109,254 * french : 99,910 * turkish : 71,367 * kosovan : 69,641 * spanish : 65,775 * macedonian : 60,741 * british : 39,377 source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_switzerland so do n't even try to compare it to sweden . 
   but i am met with misrepresentation of my statements and gross oversimplification of complex issues . 
  typical hippie talk . 
  no , in this thread it has been showed by not only one source but many sources by many users what the actual data is . 
  the issue is complex if you make it complex . 
  if you decide to save everyone in the world then yes it is complex . 
  if you decide that some countries problems are n't your then the issue is simple . 
  close the border and send back people who have committed felonies . 
  the fact that this still exist is enough reason for us to not have romania in the eu yet . 
  gdp per capita ( ppp ) for romania = 12,500 $ only one lower than this is hungary romania is also one of the most corrupt countries in the [ eu ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/ebs/ebs_397_en.pdf ) it 's not a pissing match but you have to admit that compared to western europe or the nordics romania and hungary are many years behind in development and that is nothing we can deny . 
  we can just work on it , and in my opinion opening the gates to the eu was too soon . 
  being drunk and doing weed or coke is n't the same as having people living in a sewer . 
   then there 's the oslo rape spree problem . 
  look at the report made by the oslo police on this and see who are the perpetrators in almost every case of rape in oslo . 
   i once watched them try to arrest a drunk norwegian guy in his underwear in the middle of winter , in the snow , in the city center . 
  and ? 
  nothing of the above still makes norway any less more developed as a country than romania . 
  as i said i do n't question the eu helping romania but i do question romania being a part of the eu as it as a country is n't ready for the eu . 
  you 're welcome i guess , 
  evolutionary psychology ? 
  i do n't need to read any form of psychology i only need to look at actual figures that tell the concrete and intangible truth of what is happening in our societies . 
  well that seems to be the only thing you can manage to say . 
  good job trying to move society forward by killing any discussion with just saying one thing all over again . 
  well if me thinking that arabs and muslims are a threat to europe because of their cult like culture makes me a racist , i guess i am a racist then . 
  looking at the honour killings committed in among others sweden in the name of islam and terrorism conducted in the name of this religion around the world i 'd say people like you are the biggest danger to our society . 
   poor people are going to enter a country with or without your restrictions . 
  problem is that we do n't have the legal right to stop them at the border anymore or throw them out like we did before . 
   you can honestly say that you do n't have homeless fins living in sewers ? 
  not one ? 
  absolutely yes . 
  never , ever heard anyone here living in a sewer . 
  they get provided housing . 
  the ones who are homeless decide to be homeless . 
  every finn has a right to a home , if so provided by the government . 
  you do n't see people sleeping on the streets here . 
  during summer you might have a few passed out in a park but those get picked up by the police and taken to custody til they sober up . 
  so you see there are huge differences already there . 
  now all of a sudden we have romanian gypsies on ever damn street corner begging and because of eu we can not kick them out or refuse them to enter . 
   the world is a cold and hard place where only the strong survive well that is the exact truth . 
  survival of the fittest is just a fact . 
  in the end we humans are nothing more than animals , pack animals and the strongest will be the ones that prevail . 
  so either you decide to lie down and be eaten or you protect what is yours . 
  nothing stops you from helping others , but you need to always ensure that you are n't the one in the worst spot . 
  because the help might not be returned . 
  well you can not say that we come even close to the drug and homeless issues in romania in any nordic or western european country . 
  romania was n't ready to join . 
  by the way , i wish finland got kicked out so that we do n't have to wait for our politicians to wake up that we should leave . 
   ... the younger generations are not overrepresented at all among the unemployed ...
