  sometimes you just do n't agree with the people but it 's still the people who shall hold the power and in no other country in the world does the people hold as much power as in switzerland . 
  this is where i stand . 
  it 's about democracy , about the will of the people even if they 're wrong . 
  but it is better than what most countries have . 
  it 's my opinion and you have yours . 
  i do n't see what the issue really is here . 
  you clearly have personal opinions that are based on your experiences that make you think the system is n't that good . 
  but it comes down to personal beliefs and i believe that democracy like executed in switzerland is something the swiss should be proud of . 
  individual decisions made by the people i might not agree with . 
  but i will always agree with it being their right to govern themselves . 
  to be honest , however silly this might sound , if you think about it there 's some form or food for thought there . 
  once we reach the point of no growth which is the basis of keynesian economics something needs to give . 
  so even if it sounds crazy it could very well happen that states just decide to swipe the plate clean . 
  start from zero . 
  before war has allowed new room for growth , the destruction it brings with it generates growth . 
  this is why wars are profitable in the sense of making a lot of cash if you have a lot to invest . 
  this is where the saying `` buy when there 's blood in the streets , even if the blood is your own . `` comes from . 
  a saying or quote attributed to baron rothschild . 
  which can be given more contrast by looking at naysayers through what warren buffet said : `` you pay a very high price in the stock market for a cheery consensus . '' . 
  we truly live in interesting times . 
  i think moomins are dubbed everywhere , 
  damn ... well i at least know what i need to try when i 'm in switzerland . 
  i figured as much . 
  it being so long and `` wobbly '' has to make it hard to accurately hit . 
  but it just looks as so much fun . 
  do they buy these `` rackets '' in a store or are they in general widely available in switzerland ? 
  haha nope  he sounds very german . 
  more than you 'd know . 
  no matter how flawed one could say the swiss system is , it 's still the best system in the world . 
  if i was swiss i 'd be proud as hell for living in the not only the best country in the world but the best democracy in the world . 
  not really we like to focus on our gay neighbours sweden . 
  which we love very much bot wo n't admit we do . 
  you do n't seem to have any problems when the opposite happens , and that happens more than often in this sub . 
  indeed there are solutions but these world savers just refuse to talk about them . 
  king jeffie wo n't allow that . 
  but yes , to me it sounds like a good idea . 
  oh yes europe with bottomless pockets can save the world . 
  why not just make it simpler and just invite them all here at once . 
  lol this is so going to become a thing . 
  hey hey hey ... what the hell are you using so many racist words for huh ? 
  but yes , islam is another issue on this continent . 
  but that 's another discussion . 
  oh yes i 'm an urban dweller . 
  but i did n't think it was this bad . 
   `` who is winning ? '' . 
  the answer was `` ice hockey '' sounds like something i could say drunk :d, 
  ai n't going anywhere . 
  i 'll sit here waiting with my potkukelkka and shove it down putins throat when he comes visiting . 
  they 're fermented soy beans and they both smell and taste like death . 
  i 've tried the once and i wo n't do it again . 
  that describes all of finland . 
  i do n't want to join nato as i 've made clear before . 
  but hell no i 'll have some muppet in moscow tell me what i can and can not do . 
  he can be rest assured that if he says stupid shit like this one too many times we 'll be in nato . 
  just to piss him of so he can go to his dat\u0161a and be all surprised that no one gives a shit what russia wants . 
   jkm : `` what does it mean : raped . 
  women always pretend to resist . 
  that 's normal . '', 
  now as you may probably know , i 'm not what you 'd call politically correct , but jesus ... this man is bat shit crazy :  jkm : `` what does it mean : raped . 
  women always pretend to resist . 
  that 's normal . '', 
  what ? 
  `` oh hey honey let me shove my man sausage in you ... 
  i know you want it ... sitt still now woman ... there we go . '', 
  this dude is insane . 
  pretend to resist ? 
  i 'll rape him with a cactus and as my defence say that he was just pretending to resist . 
   `` a woman gets saturated with the views of the man she sleeps with . 
  after all ( nature or god - no point to argue ) did not construct men so that hundreds of thousands of sperm cells would be wasted ; they penetrate the body of a woman and remake it in the image and likeness of the man she belongs to . '', 
  ok ... nothing more to see here . 
  there we go !, 
  if you want to see more of helsinki from the air : http://vimeo.com/95019305, 
  hey !, 
  glam rock is the shit ... !, 
  nsfw : www.youtube.com/watch?v=699tx2zlz-u#t=33, 
  you do n't say ... :o, 
  ah same as here . 
  get a vpn  then we have : http://www.reddit.com/r/fullmoviesongoogle/ no need to download anything , 
  piratebay , 
  exactly my thinking . 
  like i do n't want connery to sound like g\u00fcnter . 
  which eu countries do dub movies . 
  i know that germany and france are hard core on that . 
  i almost shit my pants when i saw will smith speak german the first time . 
  anyhow , spain , france , germany , italy ... who else ? 
  i know that the nordics do n't except for some cartoons aimed towards children . 
  edit : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hdqn58sjrg, 
  i 'm asking the same question when it comes to finland . 
  even my grand parents speak some english and they 're born before the war . 
  sure there are people that do n't speak english but this many ? 
  wow . 
  i mean i can understand that many would have poor english but this many not being able to hold a small conversation was surprising . 
  how our number is so low is quite surprising . 
  sure older people wo n't speak much english and finnish is not related at all to english ... hell it 's almost not related to any language . 
  all our tv-shows , movies etc. 
  hell even many commercials are in english so how it can only be 70 % i ca n't fathom . 
  ok ... what 's up uk ? 
  this is why i wish i was born in switzerland . 
  democracy and no room for hippie bs . 
   some are illegal migrants .
