  that just there reveals that you cant comprehend what i said . 
  read it a few more times so you understand what i say . 
  i 've already explained it . 
   your argument implies that government debt will have a negative effect on growth . 
  no it does not . 
  read it again . 
  how hard can it be . 
  you just refuse to see what is actually being said here because i question your conclusion and statement which you make based on the study . 
  nowhere at all does it say that `` study finds that sovereign debt is not harmful for growth '' which you claim and i pointed out the weakness of such a study to be used to make a claim like you did . 
  it is very much clear to anyone who has the ability to objectively look at the methodology of this study and the limitations of it . 
  so to make it simple for you . 
  you say that `` study finds that sovereign debt is not harmful for growth '' this exact statement is wrong . 
  you made that statement and no one else . 
  you got your feelings hurt when you came in an made a sweeping statement and were called out for doing that and now you 're reaching for straws instead of admitting that your statement on the basis of this study is wrong . 
  you will have issues in your dissertation if this is the way you handle critique . 
  yes , 
  sounds about right . 
  channel 4 has the be the craziest of them all with blocking everything in the uk and ireland . 
  i remember when i lived in ireland , damn near everything was blocked on copyr right grounds for channel 4 . 
  man did this escalate quickly  that 's really clever !, 
  yeah ... but i do n't really count games as groceries . 
  yes but not in tesco, 
   you seem to not understand what the study is saying or how this works . 
  the fact that you can present a qualitative story that is inconsistent with the result does not invalidate the study . 
  you do n't seem to understand the study when making a claim that this proves anything . 
  nowhere did i say it invalidates the study either . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
   your interpretation does not even fit the data , so what exactly is your point here ? 
  i did n't interpret anything i merely said that this study does n't show anything of the kind you said it did . 
  i also put forward the weaknesses of this study in its try to answer the question which it sets out to answer . 
   this is just wrong . 
  the phrasing is just an academic way of saying `` we ran our experiments and this is the result we got '' . 
  you do n't need to explain research to me i 've got a degree . 
  and it says that `` the claim that debt is harmful for growth is not supported by our results . '', 
  which very much states that ** this particular study ** can not find significant evidence to the claim that debt harms growth . 
  what i say is that a quantitative study , on its own , can not explain a complex phenomenon as this . 
  so the topic for this post is fundamentally wrong . 
   you do n't understand how science works and you just want to rationalise your ideological disagreement with the results . 
  i just proved the point that you are the one here that does n't comprehend a. the complexity of the question b. how to interpret the results . 
  there is no ideological disagreement there , i merely point out the lack validity in your claim that this proves anything . 
  you fail on all levels to comprehend the meaning and significant of these results in explaining wether or not sovereign debt is harmful or not to economic growth . 
  you make an off the top of your head argument without any thought or respect to the actual result . 
   let 's see if it pays off already does . 
  lol 2017 is like saying he wont hold a referendum . 
  there is no logical or practical reason for him not to hold that referendum now . 
   other countries are picking up the `` slack '' this is where the fundamental issue lies . 
  no one should pick up the slack . 
  this here explains what is wrong with the whole concept of trying to save the world like we do today : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle the only way these countries will ever , and i mean ever become good places for the people to live is if they revolt and decide as a people to co-exist . 
  no refugee program in the world will ever change that . 
   finland 's stance is absolutely indefensible . 
  it is very much defensible . 
  for the same amount of money that it costs to house and feed one person coming to finland we can help tens of people there . 
  also a society can only handle a specific amount of immigrants be they refugees or not . 
  finland and japan have in my opinion the best model . 
  social democracy ( sd ) killed itself . 
  it plaid out its usefulness and once it realised that it reverted to go away from its core principles and towards the centre . 
  the same happened with a big bulk of traditional conservative parties who tried to mimic the success ( sd ) had previously had and they both ended up in no mans land . 
  sd set forth to distribute wealth more equally . 
  to create a long term future of comfortable living through a welfare system where the pensions system was one of its core pillars . 
  once the former working class became wealthier they decided that some of the sacrifices made earlier were not needed anymore . 
  they were willing to remove some of the social security in favour for increase personal risk and reward . 
  sd in many countries did n't want to change . 
  once their previous core voters decided to start voting for other alternatives sd decided to simply import new votes . 
  something that many have argued for many years and were called conspiracy theorist until labor in the uk admitted it , which puts more truth to the arguments made in other countries for the same . 
  when the core voters started to jump ship the sd in many countries saw a need for a new working class . 
  the new `` under-dog '' needed to be created , and immigration was the solution . 
  in sweden this was around the 50-60 . 
  fast forward to the late 80s in sweden , and the tide started to change again . 
  the new working class had become the old and what happened this time ? 
  well it was the start of the mass immigration to sweden . 
  it really took of in the early 90s and keeps on going . 
  same thing could be said to have happened in the uk and most likely elsewhere . 
  sd was so hungry to keep its power , that it was willing to sacrifice the welfare they had built up . 
  especially in sweden the before so praised swedish model was put into the bin and it has n't looked like that since then . 
  the people of course were n't happy so sd needed to create a stigma in everything questioning the new policy . 
  this is also the time when it fundamentally shifted from the left to the centre . 
  from there arose this wall of political correctness , gender equality and a lot of other smoke screens that they with the help of the media put up . 
  and here we are to day . 
  social democracy is slowly going towards being on its knees . 
  traditional conservative parties are confused and we could say that the whole political spectrum moved to the middle . 
  the so called `` right-wing-extremist '' of today , if you look at it , are very close to what sd used to be . 
  protectionism , national interest , security etc. 
  if you look at ukip , swedish democrats , true finns etc. 
  their party policies are almost taken from the late 60-70 sd . 
  but they also mix in some traditional conservative policies and values . 
  so saying that the far right and left are on the rise in europe is wrong . 
  what has happened is that the old parties got lost , corrupt and saturated by career politicians and they are now being replaced by parties that they call extreme . 
  that media calls extreme . 
  but in fact they are the same values under which they once rose to power . 
  this whole scare mongering about the far-left and far-right is just a last ditch attempt to stay in power . 
  just think about it . 
  not long ago almost the whole of western europe was controlled by sd . 
  in sweden they stayed in power almost 100 years non stop except for a few hiccups . 
  does anyone really think that they want to loose that power indefinitely ? 
  once you 've answered that question , is n't it very strange that almost all the sd parties across europe seem to follow the same tired model to not loose power . 
  is n't it strange how homogeneous all parties in europe have been the last 15-20 years ? 
  i mean honestly in many countries there for a long time was no difference in the parties , no matter if you voted left , right or centre it was basically the same shit in a different package . 
  i personally feel that what is happening in europe is a breeze of fresh air and we can only win as people . 
  the mafia really ran out of people to get rid of ... 
  buy a new one named isputinpresident2015.eu,
