  honestly not . 
  you 'd be to busy infighting . 
   quit your ethnic/religious bullshit to yourself . 
  where did i say anything about ethnicity ? 
  religion yes , but not once did i mention ethnicity . 
   maybe we should stop ignoring the elephant in the room . 
  start by removing that eu flag from your flair . 
  the eu is utter crap and is despite what so many here think dragging us closer a war . 
  as things are now it 's just a matter of time until shit hits the fan somewhere . 
  once that happens it 's too late . 
  if europe wants to stay out of another war we need to take a step back , erect new custom barriers to remove foreign competition and to accept that we were n't made to happy-go-cuddle with each other on every issue . 
  we 're too old of a continent to try building a united states of europe . 
  the best thing we can do is to accept our limits . 
  why . 
  well because turkey is n't in europe ( except for a tiny part ) . 
  they are n't even closely close to us culturally and they 're muslim ( a religion that is completely the opposite to any other country within the eu ) . 
  so everything and i mean everything about that country goes agains the very core of what europe is and this is just one more reason . 
  need any more reasons ? 
  to make it simple to you . 
  the country does n't come close to what is european . 
  i kind of enjoy how you leftist ban up here and get all insulted . 
  it 's like a game ... say a and get a definite reaction , 
  haha you guys are so predictable . 
   and why bring up the eu anyways ? 
  really ? 
  in every possible way is this a reason . 
  ah the reasons why turkey should never be allowed into the eu just keep on stacking up . 
  i like this . 
  [ come on scotland , goooood boy ... we 're waiting for you . 
   no idea why people downvote you . 
  really ? 
  well let me tell you the pro-everything-eu-mob does n't give a shit how valid your point is , it 's still going to get downvoted . 
  unfortunately big actors like google are the only ones that can be forced to do this easily . 
  but i agree , we should be able to force the website hosting the information to take it down . 
  once that is done it will in time disappear form google as well . 
  is the eu going to start messing with the waybackmachine as well ? 
  www.waybackmachine.org for those who do n't know it . 
  no i do n't know that 's why i had a question mark in my post . 
  i do n't know german and the only thing i can see are people pissed off over something and then a few people with a banner with a swastika going into a bin . 
  so the logical question is , why would neo-nazis have a banner with a swastika in the bin . 
  what does it matter if he does something with policy or not ? 
  not at all . 
  would make for some exiting cookies :d, 
   representation is not the same as making policy decisions . 
  he still is representing the people . 
  what part of that is unclear . 
  he is not an ambassador he is the president of the european council . 
  a position that not long ago was held by the elected official of the member state holding the chairmanship of the eu . 
  a position as such should not be held by anyone that does not have the mandate to hold that office from the people . 
  there 's nothing intellectually lazy about it , but rather a matter of principle . 
  principle is a thing you pro-eu nuts seem to completely lack . 
  nothing trolling about it . 
  looks like the people demonstrating are anti-nazi and the title says they are neo-nazi . 
  some are holding a banner with a swastika going into the bin . 
  and i do n't know german so i do n't know what they 're saying . 
  so that 's why i 'm asking . 
   the president of the european council ( sometimes referred to as the president of the european union ) ** is a principal representative of the european union ( eu ) on the world stage ** , and the person presiding over and driving forward the work of the european council . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/president_of_the_european_council he very much is representing the people . 
  i do n't worry . 
  it 's just fun to see these sheep run around , 
  did you get the title wrong ? 
  to me it looks like people were storming it because a nazi got elected into the town council and not that neo-nazis were trying to storm in because they got a seat . 
  having lived in the ireland i actually get this . 
  but to be honest , it 's not really that bad . 
  nordics getting more business . 
  well why do n't they put forward the same from the lefts meps . 
  oh . . yeah i forgot it was a damn commie site . 
  claiming there is no winner is ridiculous . 
  the right had a major win in these elections . 
  more in other nations and less in other but as a whole it was a clear victory for them . 
  especially in france . 
  he 's to represent 500 million people and the people do n't get to vote for him . 
  well i call that a disgrace and not , `` not perfect '' . 
  i hope there will not be a long future for this so called union . 
  cocaine is still the drug of choice among bankers . 
  goes hand in hand with the financial centres in europe . 
   europe can afford socialized medicine because they are not paying for their own defense . 
  very much exactly that except for a few nations . 
  sweden is a country that very much has cut defence spending to allow it to continue on keepin a level of social welfare while increasing the amount of people dependent on it . 
  but that 's not something they want to be officially know and one reason the swedish government has refused to let anyone official agency calculate the actual cost of immigration since the late 80s . 
  the us is in a way paying for the peace for hippiecrats in the eu to be in denial about big parts of the reality we live in . 
  i wish the us would remove it 's protection from europe so that our politicians would have to stop playing world saviours and start focusing on reality . 
  so what is it that you want to come at , that rompuy is a great leader ? 
  or that we should flush down democratic values for our new eu aristocrats and just hope we get a `` great '' leader as you call it . 
  lincoln as any other leader has shit in his luggage . 
  gandhi liberated a billion people from foreign rule . 
  he was a driving factor in ensuring that india staid a democracy . 
  which very much affects the world still today . 
  i mean what do you consider a great leader ? 
  was stalin a great leader ? 
  was genghis khan a great leader ? 
  they all provoked and introduced change . 
  but what is to be considered positive change ? 
  gustav ii and napoleon were war mongers is that the definition of a great leader ? 
  of course being a dictator will allow you free range to push through decisions which would result in opposition in a democracy . 
  but does that make it a `` great '' leader ? 
  what about lincoln or gandhi ? 
  and what makes them great leaders . 
  i did n't ask you to name any just explain what makes them `` great '' . 
  care to explain why the dictators were `` great '' leaders .
