   and replenishes its budget with [ remittances from ] migrant workers stops being close what does this mean ? 
  hate videos like this . 
  if you go through the trouble of making a video why not speak in it ? 
  absolutely the best decision made in a very long time . 
  everyone that has been involved in major crime of any sort that is n't an eu citizen can for all i care be kicked out . 
  well hold on ... we need more immigrants because we do n't have enough people to do the work needed . 
  yeah i mean it came completely out of nowhere really ... 
  yes because we 're awesome . 
  yep , i mean we do n't really need the eu in the nordics . 
  has n't given us anything we did n't already have . 
  sure i can move to spain and work , but back in the day nordics had good relations regarding work visas with the rest of europe . 
  precisely as we still do today with the rest of the world . 
  trade has always been open with our fellow trading partners . 
  so i do n't really see anything better coming from the eu . 
  i guess this position is n't welcome in pro eu / r/europe . 
  why would we end up in any conflict . 
  nothing stops us from trading etc. 
  the only thing it gives us is freedom to decide what is best for us . 
  most of the things you say are needed to give you the right search results etc. 
  only need very little data . 
  there is no need to store everything you 've done during the last five years of even 12 months . 
  information is money and that is why they want to hold onto it . 
  and privacy being an outdated concept is a very dangerous idea . 
  it is n't outdated , problem is that people do n't get how much they give away , and if people only understood how much corporations know about them most people would shit themselves . 
  furthermore just because people joined facebook etc. 
  and gave their data away without knowing how much they would give a way does n't mean that they are allowed to keep it indefinitely . 
  in fact if you go through the google service agreements that you accept without reading them , they have changed year after year in a way that you sign away more and more information about yourself too them . 
  no one in their right mind reads through ever damn end user agreement when it changes once every few week and you were just about to send an email . 
  the way the contracts are written and presented to you also should be grounds for not allowing corporations to store this data for years on end . 
  i mean they are tens of pages long with legal text that most people do n't even understand . 
  we should all get the hell out of eu when still possible and start a nordic union . 
  this ship is sinking and fast . 
  i knew it !, 
  damn commies !, 
  the mode i call for is that if someone refuses treatment for alcoholism or drug abuse they should not be given a penny . 
  if you say no to the help society is willing to give you when you are in obvious need of it , you loose all the rights to expect us to pay for your self destructive behaviour . 
  not only do they cost the society in the form of bills , apartment , food and healthcare they also cost the society in increased cost of police operations etc. 
  i am all for free healthcare and education and the helping of those in need . 
  but i am very much against those getting anything that do n't appreciate it or just use the system for the sake of it . 
  edit : and i do n't mean that someone that gets drunk every now and then or smokes a joint or two on weekends should loose their benefits . 
  i am talking about drunks and junkies when they do n't work , can not work , do n't want to work or take care of themselves . 
  because he likes to smell his own penis juices . 
  how can it be obvious to someone that can not understand the language . 
  it 's just a black webpage with white text and a picture on it . 
  the only clue you gave us was :  `` motherfucker , will know that guy ... and your time will come '' that does n't tell us who said it to whom and when and why or what was the circumstances behind the story . 
  it is right wing . 
  we need to ensure that our house is in order before shipping our cash of around the world to corrupt politicians in third world countries . 
  it 's not like the people in need there see the money anyhow and there 's more than one example of that . 
  you realise that drunks and druggies who do n't work in finland get a free apartment , free internet , free tv , 450 euro spending money a month , bills paid , free health care etc. 
  this while they do n't contribute shit to society . 
  it 's not like in the us where you get a few food stamps . 
  i do not agree with you at all . 
  i 've worked for the big tech companies one of them microsoft and i was involved with bing as well . 
  big which is lightyears away from google already collects so much data that it is really scary . 
  people need to remember that with just a little data , that you might think is completely irrelevant , or not related to each other at all , a company if they so decide to , or a government agency that demands this information can not only figure our what you do on the internet but a lot more . 
  with a little data , and i mean a little we can know where you live , where you work , what your political opinion is , what your sexuality is , if you are depressed , angry , in love , do n't get laid , what flavour of xyz you like etc. 
  we can build up a complete profile about you as a person with very little effort . 
  things you did n't even think we could figure out . 
  such as if you are in debt , rich , poor , or what your purchasing power is or your tendency to do what and when . 
  with very little data i can know more about you than you probably know about yourself by psychologically profiling you . 
  a cia official said in a congressional hearing a few years ago that social media is the best thing that has ever happened to them , and that for a reason . 
  think of this . 
  you have your smartphone in your pocket . 
  you are logged in on your gmail , or post something on a website . 
  we can get the exact locations you frequently visit with the precision of a few meters . 
  day in and day out , 24/7 year in and year our . 
  we can by your routines predict where you will be and when with a very high accuracy . 
  people seriously do not understand the amount of information they are giving away . 
  letting companies store this information infinitely is extremely dangerous . 
  what if the leaders of north korea got their hands on this information ? 
  they would know exactly where to send an assassin and when in any city in the world where there are people criticising them . 
  or what if the country you live in becomes a dictatorship , it 's happened before and most likely will happen again . 
  this right to be forgotten is one of the most important pieces of legislation in a very long time . 
  now to be honest even a kindergarden with toddles is more effectively run and easier to understand than the belgian system . 
  for us in the nordics there are more than a few occasions where the eu has made things more complicated than they were before . 
  well i 'm surprised it took this long to hit us . 
  fortunately the politicians are willing to take action . 
  if the type of action they 're willing to take is the right one is another question . 
  i myself am surprised over how leftist the policies of kokoomus have been . 
  there are major welfare services that are a waste of money . 
  they should cut foreign aid completely and remove the social welfare of drunks and what not to start with . 
  what does this relate to ? 
  did she say that to someone ? 
  no one person can effectively and competently hold 12 high positions . 
  i guess there was a lot of people angry at here , and someone decided to take it a step too far . 
  i do n't know if her positions were a result of corruption or nepotism but from what i can understand it sure looks like a classic enemy of the people during times of economic hardship . 
  still considered a one question party . 
  where are their policies on security , military , taxation , healthcare , foreign policy , trade , infrastructure , education , environment , immigration , energy etc ? 
  sumatra sounds corrupt :d, 
  in the european elections you are allowed to vote or run for a state you live in . 
  so if i lived in denmark i am allowed to decide if i want to vote in the finnish or danish elections . 
  so my guess is that it is to cater for the non danish eu citizens living in denmark as well . 
  just me or is the text completely messed up ? 
  looks like a chicken ran over some a4 . 
  edit : restarted my browser and no it looks normal . 
  i was surprise they did n't have a grumpy redditor like you . 
  yes i lived there , and in dublin ( where else :d ) . 
  it 's like clockwork when the leaving certs start . 
  baaam sun and hot and beautiful !, 
  pints at grand canal in the sun !,
