  i prefer a smokeless pub but i still think it should be up to the owner . 
  you still can :d just to piss him off . 
  i 'll buy you a fictive pint !, 
  thank you . 
  this was what i was looking for . 
  as i genuinely never seen it so i was wondering if it was a thing . 
  well come and say that to my face and i promise i 'll try . 
  thank you again . 
  we need more like you  wish you 'd tell that guy the same , 
  http://yle.fi/uutiset/finnish_court_rejects_slovenian_bribery_charges_against_patria/7060218 and if we 're honest . 
  no defence deal has ever been made anywhere on this planet without bribes . 
  anyone that thinks defence deals are clean will kid themselves . 
  billions are changing hands and most defence companies , rely so heavily on these deals that they 'll do anything to get them . 
  there 's also just a few companies competing for all of them . 
  looking closely they 're almost all owned or tied to bae systems , boeing , lockheed martin , raytheon , general dynamics , northrop grumman or airbus group . 
  the defence industry makes money through corruption and has always done so . 
  it also is the only industry that really profits from war . 
  look at the 10 biggest defence companies seven are american and that tells a lot about who lobbies and earns hard cash from wars . 
  thank god , someone who answers a simple question . 
  thank you . 
  that 's one tit canyon on that journalist . 
  seriously , get a life . 
  i asked if this really is a thing and you come in here being a dick instead of answering the question . 
  i honestly just think you 're sad . 
  i do n't delete comments . 
  but yes i 've never seen that nor has my girlfriend who 's born and raised there , what 's your problem ? 
  i asked is this a real thing that does n't mean i said it is n't . 
  learn to read . 
  seriously what is your problem here i asked if it 's a real thing as i nor the ones i 've asked today all say no and i 'm the only one of them who is n't born and raised in ireland . 
  it 's a simple fucking question nothing more and you get all dickish about it . 
  screw you . 
  edit : and yes , i stand behind my opinion that people who get all pissed over some minor detail when someone tries to answer a question are idiots . 
  who do you think will run the show ? 
  we have the french who refuse to speak english , the germans who would resent english . 
  then a few nations that take defence seriously while the rest are a bunch of hippies . 
  no thanks , i 'd rather stay neutral or in nato . 
  but a europe without nato is a defenceless europe . 
  well no one knows yet , but i 'm sure it will be spoken off tomorrow . 
  sweden has in general been moving further away from traditional nordic values for years and become some hippie-kingdom so no real surprise there . 
  finally something i can agree with turkey on . 
  no i 'm not serious . 
  even though i have little or no understanding for socialists but life in prison for a scarf ? 
  no such thing as truly moderate muslims . 
  if they existed they 'd be demonstrating and making a hell of a scene each time someone does anything in the name of islam . 
  that religion is sick , it 's a fucking cult that has no place in europe or the west and i honestly do n't care how many downvotes i get . 
  now where are the ones that argued against me when i said that muslim immigration is the biggest threat to european society and way of life ? 
  come again please . 
  i lived in dublin a few years and never saw this . 
  my girlfriend is born and raised there and she says she never seen this . 
  is this really a thing ? 
  honestly not a smart move by sweden to be honest . 
  they are more dependent on the rest of the nordic countries than you 'd think and this will raise a few eyebrows . 
  sweden will argue for free immigration that 's their only goal . 
  indeed it was the first one to ban smoking in pubs . 
  smokes in general are expensive as hell in ireland . 
  good thing i 'm not a smoker but every time i left the country when i was living there people were asking me to bring smokes . 
  i do n't however understand the witch hunt of smokers . 
  i 'm not a smoker , and i do n't care if you smoke , it 's your decision not mine or the states . 
  edit : i see totalitarian hippies downvoting . 
  want the government to tell you when you can take a shit too ? 
  actually per definition democracy means exactly what you say . 
  it 's the rule of the majority . 
  but if you 'd read what i say that 's not what i want . 
  thank god , there 's still hope for us , 
  well they come by boat so they are seamen . 
  hence asylum seamen . 
   you all pack up , and leave for a new neighborhood . 
  exactly what happens , every damn time . 
  do you see these buhuuu immigrant journalists live in the `` hood '' no they live in the better areas of town . 
  it 's not the spelling that was funny , but the fact that tokyo is explicitly marked on the map , 
  most likely would be the worst thing that could happen to the south . 
  all of the economic base is in the north to my understanding . 
  the south would basically be left with farms . 
  well el jeffie is good at targeting users himself so he kind of asked for it . 
   haiku herman i think we 've found his new name . 
  from here on out he shall be know as haiku herman . 
  did you get all wet , fuzzy and cuddly when your great leader spoke ? 
  for fucks sake have the pro-eu nuts fallen so low that we 're expected to be proud of this corrupt muppet for reading a poem ? 
  well come to think about it . 
  i might agree that he is n't good for much else , so we might as well enjoy that he reads poems for the pay he gets . 
   no he 's not . 
  every person not poisoned by feminism knows that women often pretend that they do n't want it . 
  you forgot your fur west and club at the cave pub last night . 
  feminism has gone bananas i can agree with that . 
  but saying that rape is women pretending to resist is just the most stupid thing i 've heard in a long time . 
   the swiss political system is based on consensus that entails , if possible , all members of society or a large chunk , not just a simple majority that dictates everything . 
  this is exactly what i like about it . 
  it 's still democracy and power of the people not found anywhere else . 
  why do you assume i want some absolute tyranny of the masses , as it sounds like you think that is what i want . 
  but it 's not . 
  do n't know about the reality of it . 
  but correct me if i 'm wrong , is n't this the main idea of lega nord ? 
  hey !, 
  i do like p\u00f8lse and tuborg but can we not be norway at least ? 
  please . 
  well to be honest , some of it are n't that far fetched . 
  german i wish i 'd studied more to be honest . 
  ok so why are you flying a german flag if your swiss ? 
  anyhow i can understand that you think it is flawed but for me it still is the best system compared to any country . 
  it is the will of the people , like it or not .
