  most people ( 42 % ) in hungary think that the sector most affected by bribery is the political party system . 
   bribery is common in the healthcare system in the form of gratitude payment -- 92 % of all people think that some payment should be made to the head surgeon conducting a heart operation or an obestetrician for a child birth . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_hungary arresting a few corrupt people does not make romania a success by any means . 
  it is a failure as a new eu expansion country . 
   we can finally silence your damn tongues . 
  yes , true democrats like you eu-nuts see this as the solution . 
  kill off the debate as soon as possible . 
  even with making moronic conclusions of what someone says . 
  you are an absolute sad case of pro-eu bull shit trying t put words in peoples mouths and not only that do you also say that people should be silenced . 
  of course you can not overlook it . 
  but banning them is not the smart move here . 
  the smart move is to keep a close eye on them and not until they make a move of violence do you step on and smash down the `` coup '' . 
  then you have both international , domestic and political validation to do so . 
  also serves dual purposes , not only would such a `` strike '' mean that they would destroy the core of the party but it would also most likely result in it falling apart . 
   i 'd say it 's about time to ban the golden dawn . 
  that 's exactly what you should not do . 
  if you ban them now when they have a solid base of support it will give them even more ammunition to claim that they are ill treated and that the government has been taken over by foreign interests etc. 
  this would lead to even more people joining their ranks . 
  the best way to defeat them is to prove them wrong . 
  anyhow the song itself is n't an ss song it 's an sa song . 
  short history for those interested : sa ( sturmabteilung ) also called the `` brown shirts '' was the para military organisation of the nazi party and an important factor in getting hitler into power . 
  sa became very dominant as a military force after hitler took control of the state . 
  the leader of sa ernst r\u00f6hm became more and more obsessed with becoming the new german army . 
  opposition from the reichswehr ( original army ) , later to be renamed wehrmacht , grew and hitler needed their support . 
  so not long after hitler seised power he invited all the leaders of the sa to meet at a remote location where he had them all killed . 
  this night is known as the night of the long knives . 
  from there on the ss ( schutzstaffel ) , which had been a sort of a `` side kick '' to the sa , grew into prominence and placed under the control of heinrich himmler . 
  himmler who was a big player behind the scenes in convincing hitler to have r\u00f6hm killed . 
  well it was also politics that caused the mess we are in . 
  completely pointless headline . 
  i did n't say that they need a reason or an argument i asked what they were if there are any . 
  as someone that has worked all over europe . 
  find a job --  move --  work same way as in the us . 
  you just move to a state where you got a job or got transferred to . 
  i honestly do n't get these pro-eu people . 
  they want the eu to prosper and grow . 
  but at the same time they do everything possible to ruin it . 
  taking in these states is like having sex with a hooker without a condom . 
  just asking for trouble . 
  countries that have n't even gotten their internal matters in order can not reasonably be expected to work well in the union . 
  hungary and romania were already a good example on what kind of issues we face when a country that is n't even close to being ready for a union is accepted in and now these morons are thinking of doing this exact same thing again . 
  they 're building an empire . 
  that 's the only thing that matters to them . 
  can we honestly say that the eu is ready for any more expansion ? 
  i mean i just can not see it work already so is it really the time to bloat it even more ? 
   a union suggests an equal partnership . 
  well in that case , does n't the english have an unfair deal . 
  the scotts , welsh and northern irish get to have a say on english laws but the english can not have a say on scottish , welsh or norther irish laws to the same extent as scotland , wales and norther ireland have their own parliaments . 
  i 'm all for scotland having its independence if it so wishes to but you can not say that you are unequal because of the english when in fact you have more powers than they do in some areas . 
  well that 's irrelevant to be honest . 
  if the revenue is greater than the cost for the country it is still a good investments . 
  hurrr durrr you can not lable a whole group hurrr durrr ... 
  if i remember correctly the british royal household is one of the few in the world that brings in more money than they spend to the british economy . 
  i might be wrong but i 'm fairly sure this is the fact . 
  i remember reading some official calculation of this but can not find it . 
  what i found was this old article : http://money.uk.msn.com/news/celebrity-money/articles.aspx?cp-documentid=154001233, 
  well that 's such a valid argument . 
  i 'm baffled . 
  the problem with intellectual property is that it is not tangible . 
  it 's a very loose concept that too easily can be protected and hinder development . 
  you can build an exact copy of my house if you want to , but i can not sue you from doing so . 
  there 's a reason why patents have a time limit and have had since the inception of patents . 
  its main function is to protect the inventor for a limited period of time , so that he can profit from it . 
  in medical research it 's main function is to allow drug companies to earn back the massive cost of developing a new drug . 
  if patents did n't expire we 'd not have any generic drugs and the cost of medication would be sky high protected by monopolies through patents . 
  twenty years is more than enough time for a corporation to profit and or earn back it 's initial investment . 
  for an artist a whole lifetime is more than enough . 
  what did i say ? 
  well i said :  if you do n't have anything constructive to say but to start yapping about racism and other nonsense please do n't say it at all . 
  this is not a question about racism but about the actual problem that we see on our streets across europe . 
  and what did you have to say ... well . 
   your racism is well known ah ... so you could not come with anything else to say than that . 
  well good job . 
  just be silent . 
  furthermore the discussion is about europe and turkey is n't a european country however much you 'd like it to be one . 
  not the best of qualities but at least i found it  did n't think it would be online . 
  but it 's interesting . 
  edit : found a better version going to edit to the original post . 
  it 's culture . 
  body posture in a position of power is very different in russian culture than western . 
  there 's an interesting `` documentary '' about this where the also talk about putin . 
  i 'll see if i can find it . 
  edit : here it is : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqenwd-qlra, 
  whether or not spain remains a monarchy or not it wont make any difference to the people . 
  instead they 'll have to elect one new . 
  most likely corrupt politician to `` lead '' the country . 
  president or monarch there is n't much difference . 
  one has to tread carefully not to have monarchy removed , the other one just has to stay clear until he no longer can run . 
  in most western countries the president is just a useless position without any actual power , so i do n't really see the whole reason to remove the monarch . 
  it 's not like it will save any money . 
  the only logical argument for it , is that people do n't want anyone to be born into a position of importance . 
  but that happens anyhow be they monarchs or citizens with wealth . 
  i noticed that . 
  still an interesting question though , 
  thanks for the wall of text of mumbling some illusion and a lot of non-logical conclusions you need to get a grip of what is possible , sustainable and actually doable and not just live in some bubble of what would be the perfect world . 
  hate to break it to you , there 's no such thing and never will be . 
   especially the ones you quietly deleted and edited . 
  i 've never deleted any comment . 
  but the mod has said that he did . 
  nor do i need to edit my opinions as they are firmly open .
