  some are asylum seemers asylum seemers ... ? 
  you mean asylum seamen ? 
  it says a huge ass harbour not ass harbour . 
  i mean it is truly mind baffling to think what this man saw in his life . 
  think how much happens in a year , let alone 111 years . 
  hat off to anyone that reaches this age . 
   or are you sticking to your original suggestion of gunning down the boats ? 
  shooting at the boats yes as a mean to deter them from trying to come to europe by sea and promoting the people who try to come here by legal means and not by using illegal enterprises run by organised crime . 
  slang is n't to be used in a discussion like this . 
  ah figured as much , 
  do n't think most people do . 
  not that i know much of them either to be honest . 
  we do n't have common language , we do n't have a common culture . 
  please prove me wrong . 
   i ca n't into ancient history . 
  speakadi english ? 
  now that would be inhumane to be honest . 
  not many of them there . 
  the ingrian finns already have special deals if they want to come to finland . 
  at least they used to . 
  well if the people in crimea would have wanted they could have voiced their opinion then . 
  trying to blame this whole conflict on anyone but russia is plain stupid . 
  you truly are brainwashed . 
  your country is a shit hole and it had a chance to become a respected country but no , instead you went back to being the crappy country you 've always been . 
  it 's like the whole nation enjoys being a damn victim and use that to justify its retarded actions on the world stage . 
  read again , think about it and understand it because you clearly do n't understand what i 'm saying . 
   getting a grip on what ? 
  i do n't quite understand you there . 
  well that did n't come as a surprise . 
  so dear humanists what do you suggest we do ? 
  give us a solution please . 
  but yet instead of spending this time talking your countrymen about getting a fucking grip you 're here complaining that people talk badly about russia . 
  jost goes to show that you 're as much of the problem as putin is . 
  well you are behaving like some damn neanderthals as a country . 
  so do n't be surprised why everyone hates you . 
  the big support towards the mental case decisions made by putin just underlines the fact that something in the russian mentality is fucked up on a more broad level . 
  instead of complaining here that people talk badly about russia you should spend the same energy talking to your countrymen to not be major assholes . 
  ah there we go . 
  i figured that it might be different when it 's not an apartment building . 
   russia has been investing into such logistical infrastructure ( e.g. 
  big port saint petersburg ) , but it will still take time for russia to establish the necessary logistics to fully serve those regions . 
  not to mention the constant problem with organised crime which is the main reason foreign corporations ship to finnish ports . 
  many russian businesses also transport their goods to finland to be shipped abroad so not even themselves do trust the port authorities . 
  reducing it by a half or a third ? 
  what on earth do you base that on ? 
  of our exports 90 % goes to other countries than russia so not even if they cut off sales of oil and gas to us it would not send the economy into a tale spin . 
  yes it would increase costs and reduce profits but it 's not going to come even near a reduction of one third of our gdp . 
  not telling the truth will not result in anything . 
  so yeah if you call it rubbing it in their face , sure . 
  we have our own uranium if we need to mine it ourselves . 
  coal we can buy from germany , peat and wood we also have . 
  so no we 're still not dependent on russia . 
  only reason we buy it from them is because it 's cheap . 
  the infrastructure and logistics already exist . 
  so russia threatening us with oil and gas is n't really an issue . 
  sure it would hurt us like any other nation but we 'd still be able to function normally . 
  people wo n't freeze to death and the energy supply would not be interrupted . 
  what is more important is how quickly they can be mobilised . 
  more importantly it also shows a nations dedication to defend itself . 
  as you need material , weaponry etc. 
  to allow all those to actively fight . 
  which finland has . 
  it 's 5.4 million but yes with the longest border with russia in the whole eu we kind off have to take it seriously . 
  if eu was smart they 'd earn some brownie points and pitch in some cash for defence in the countries neighbouring russia . 
  merely pointing out how biased this sub is . 
  well sure it looks stronger but we train a new batch ever 6 months . 
  we 're a small nation and with respect to that i 'd say we take it very much seriously . 
  our whole country is built around a potential russian invasion , every road , bridge etc. 
  is built with this in respect . 
  they have built so that they can all be demolished asap . 
  at the moment it 's 1.5 % . 
  it has been reduced as all other branches of government due to the economic crisis but now talks are about increasing it again due to recent changes . 
   if european countries other than britain and france took defence remotely seriously ehemmm 1 . 
  greece 461,600 men ( active/reserve ) 2 . 
  france 413,469 ( active/reserve ) 3 . 
  finland 388,700 men ( active/reserve ) 4 . 
  uk 387,570 ( active/reserve ) 5 . 
  germany 326,927 ( active/reserve ), 
  you being from sweden where the air force could n't intercept russian planes because they were on holiday i 'd be thankful for the us being in europe . 
  who was mocking the b-52 ? 
  some hippies from some country without their own defence ? 
  haha ... now where is the down voting mob that was so positive of the outlook of kosovo joining the eu . 
  i guess they went hiding pretending nothing happened . 
  like this thread about the balkans yesterday : http://imgur.com/bwkran8, 
  trying to dig for something to prove he is biased to support your fluffy world view i see . 
  it was more of a figure of speech . 
  russian mentality just seem so damn far away from the rest of europe . 
   they then use another separate water cycle , with heat exchangers , to remove some excess energy , and i believe that it 's this water that is used in district heating . 
  ** in the uk , this water usually ends up being thrown down cooling towers . 
  ** apparently still the case here as well . 
  i was wrong in them using this in district heating . 
  but for the new reactor there are plans to do exactly this . 
  anyways , we try to use as much excess heat from everything to not let it go to waste . 
  the newest thing is as i mentioned before to use the heat generated from data centres . 
  explained here 3:30 in : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxnyeiw28d0, 
  here 's one more career politician who 's only ambition in life is tho leech on society . 
  i mean everything in her being should be questioned . 
  like her under the table declaration of allegiance to sarkozy make her not trustworthy in her current role . 
  most of these are nations that do n't want their own separatists to get more motivation . 
  architect was a fan of snake ( the game ) : https://imgur.com/a/wwyvs#2,
