  the issue here is that it should not need to force the commission to draft laws is should have the power to do so itself . 
  like any other parliament . 
   they voted to join the eec , which even then was n't just an economic area . 
  if people did n't agree to the transformation from eec to the e.u. , those who were in favor of it would have been voted out of power . 
  it is clear to me that you refuse to see the issue that anti-eu representatives have . 
  nor are you willing to accept that there is a call for the need to have a referendum on the eu as it stands today . 
  as i said earlier , the national government can remove laws passed by the previous government . 
  the national government of one country can not force the eu to remove laws approved by the previous one . 
   that is n't what the polls say . 
  polls are polls , they are not a referendum . 
  no matter what numbers you or anyone else presents the only thing that will settle the matter is an actual referendum . 
   and which sides political parties want the commission to be non-electable , and be appointed behind closed doors by heads of states ? 
  what does it matter what or which parties want the commission to be non-electable . 
  the big question here is that there is a need for a referendum and that people want the eu to be reformed from the ground up . 
   because they do n't think its necessary . 
  finally . 
  this is the big issue . 
  right here . 
  if countries such as france an the uk have had huge wins for the anti-eu parties , how can it then not be necessary to hold a referendum . 
  if you think that it is n't necessary to hold a referendum then you are in fact the exact reason why it will be the pro-eu side that will be the end of the union . 
  as this many people being against the system you are promoting will in the end break it from within . 
  so if you truly believe that there is a future let the people speak . 
  either the pro-side wins and it will have the political support to push forward or it does n't and it will be questioned and undermined every step of the way . 
   it is n't the pro-eu side which has to get a referendum , it is the anti-eu side . 
  as i said above , if you do n't push it the `` revolt '' will grow stronger and kill the thing you are promoting . 
  it is just the reality of things . 
  anyhow i do n't think we will move any closer to agreeing so i do n't see a big point in sitting here for an eternity throwing arguments at each other . 
  conventions like any other political decision can be changed . 
  the us itself likes to support conventions that suit them and skip the once that do n't . 
  like the us signed the rome statute but never ratified it and bush withdrew their intention to ratify it to suit their own need . 
  the kyoto protocol is another where they signed it but never ratified it . 
  most countries have previously signed treaties as they were to small to say no . 
  now if the eu wants to be a big player it can start looking for its own interest as well . 
  but first and foremost end the us from trying to think it can dictate everything in europe . 
  i mean the list of treaties the us has n't ratified is huge and most of them convenient for them : 1 . 
  ottawa treaty ( the land-mine ban ) 2 . 
  treaty on the rights of the child ( only holdouts are the u.s. and somalia ) 3 . 
  protocol to enforce the 1972 biological weapons convention ( vote was 178-1 , the us the only holdout ) 4 . 
  united nations convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women 5 . international covenant on economic , social and cultural rights 6 . 
  convention on biological diversity 7 . international convention on the protection of the rights of all migrant workers and members of their families 8 . 
  stockholm convention on persistent organic pollutants ( pops ) 9 . international convention for the suppression of terrorist bombings 10 . international convention for the suppression of the financing of terrorism . 
  convention relating to the status of refugees 12 . 
  convention on the non-applicability of statutory limitations to war crimes against humanity 13 . 
  forced labor convention 14 . 
  freedom of association and protection of the right to organize convention 15 . 
  right to organize and collective bargaining convention 16 . 
  convention on consent to marriage , minimum age to marriage and registration of marriages 17 . 
  convention on the reduction of statelessness . 
  convention on the international right of correction 19 . international criminal court 20 . 
  kyoto accords ( greenhouse gas reductions ) 21 . 
  un convention on biological diversity ( regulating genetic engineering ) 22 . 
  un declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples 23 . 
  anti-ballistic missile treaty [ prohibiting programs like `` stars wars '' ] 24 . 
  basel convention on the control of transboundary movements of hazardous wastes and their disposal 25 . 
  convention on the protection and use of transboundary watercourses and international lakes 26 . international convention against the recruitment , use , financing and training of mercenaries 27 . international convention on the suppression and punishment of the crime of apartheid 28 . 
  convention concerning minimum age for admission to employment 29 . 
  vienna convention on the law of treaties 30 . 
  code of conduct on arms transfers ( prohibiting sale of arms to human rights violators & aggressors ) 31 . 
  comprehensive nuclear test ban treaty 32 . 
  inter-american convention against the illicit manufacturing of and trafficking in firearms , ammunition , and other related materials 33 . 
  un convention on the law of the sea ( bans toxic waste dumping , etc. ), 
  un moon treaty [ declaring the moon part of the common heritage of mankind ] 35 . 
  framework convention on tobacco control 36 . 
  un convention on the prevention and punishment of the crime of genocide 37 . 
  protocol to enforce the convention against torture 38 . 
  united nations convention against transnational organized crime http://www.vote.org/treaties/, 
   every government takes power from local governments , but i rarely hear it being approved by some form of a referendum . 
  there is a difference if your national government makes decisions as these are more easily observed by the people . 
  furthermore when the people were asked to vote on the eu there was never any mention of it becoming what it is today and that is exactly where the big problem lies . 
  if the pro-eu people truly believed that the eu is the future they need to accept that it will never work if the people in it do not support it . 
  so for this simple reason they need to work for a new referendum in each country . 
  so to once and for all settle the matter . 
   it 's like complaining that the government you are a citizen of gained more power than it originally had and you were never asked if you wanted such a government in the first place . 
  i government can not get more powers just like that because they 'll have hell to pay the next elections and will be voted out if that were to happen and replaced by others that will remove such power . 
  i think you are over simplifying the whole thing . 
  there is a huge difference in national governments and the eu and that is why there is a problem . 
  one big one is that the eu parliament can not even propose laws . 
  only a non democratically elected commission can . 
   and you know this how exactly ? 
  because resentment is growing by the day and it will keep on growing because the pro-eu section is n't willing to allow anyone to put the eu project in jeopardy through a referendum . 
  why is it that these precise pro-eu people are the ones voicing the loudest that the uk should not have a referendum ? 
   who is fooling who ? 
  what in the hell are you even talking about ? 
  well look at the uk . 
  they were never asked to vote on becoming a member of the eu . 
  the eu did n't even exist when they got to vote . 
  so that is fooling the people . 
  can you really not see how that makes people angry ? 
   the anti-eu parties do n't want it to become more democratic . 
  who do you think is against the whole idea of a ` spitzenkandidaten ' ? 
  the question is much wider than `` spitzenkandidaten '' . 
  as i 've mentioned above we have parliament that does n't have parliamentary powers , we have a commission that wields power that we can not elect and so on . 
   and after 30 years the anti-eu side would go : `` another referendum !, 
  this is n't the e.u. 
  we signed up for ! '', 
  make the referendum about a federation and not make it sound like a free trade area . 
  make it exactly clear that if they vote yes we will become a federation . 
  what the eu is today was never even talked about when most countries got to vote on it and it is clearly heading towards a federation and this needs to be stopped so that people can decide if they want that or not . 
  what does the eu have to loose if it truly believes in its own existence to allow the people to decide . 
  then move on with the ones that vote yes .
