  the only reason a vote would be denied is because they know that they do not have the support for what they are doing . 
   it 's also to be noted that on the european level the greens may not be always who you 'd think they are . 
  this i know . 
  i was voicing my opinion on the swedish and finnish greens . 
  dual citizenship means that i 'll have to vote very soon in both countries and these greenies are as nuts in both . 
  at least i know who i 'm voting for in finland , what the case is in sweden is truly a mystery atm . 
  nope just annoyed over the greens in general . 
  national elections are around the corner and their bs is all over the place again . 
  both in sweden and finland , both countries i get to vote in . 
   really ? 
  i only have dealt with british and some french/italian euroskeptics , and their position was very clear : the complete destruction of the union . 
  the french eurosceptics are in a league of their own . 
  the british are pissed because the referendum they had years ago was not for a political union and they want to have a say on that . 
  ukip is very open for trade and cooperation but is against the eu as it is today . 
  nothing says that they would not support european cooperation . 
  i mean if we are honest the eu has sneakily evolved into a behemoth that most people did n't sign up to in the first place . 
  the true finns that is out eu-sceptic party says that it wants a referendum . 
  but has clearly stated that it intends to let the people decide and that it will an active member in the eu . 
  the danish eu-sceptics are n't also after the destruction of the eu . 
  i mean the biggest issue for most eurosceptics is that the eu we entered is n't the eu we have today and if we want to become anything else than what we signed up for , we should be allowed to vote on it . 
  it truly is so that the pro-eu movement is the one that will destroy the eu . 
  you can not fool people , and once they feel fooled you 'll never get their trust again . 
  had the eu been open with the people and allowed them to vote on becoming what it is today it would be a different story . 
  the eu also needs to become more democratic than it is today and the list is long . 
  so in conclusion people are n't against the idea of europe but they are against the idea of the eu we have today . 
   ukip wants to leave , but their leader wants eu 's destruction . 
  you need to understand what many mean with eu destruction . 
  ask me and i 'll say that i want the destruction of the eu . 
  ask me if i would like to be part of a european union that is democratic , has clear rules , a constitution that is n't 1000 pages i would very likely lean towards a yes . 
  but that of course depends on the constitution , the proposed other member states etc. 
   what ? 
  where did that come from ? 
  that comes form the fact that much is decided over the heads of the people . 
  if the pro-eu people really cared about the future of the eu they 'd say . 
  ok , let settle this . 
  all countries currently members of the eu have a referendum . 
  after that it would be settled and we could move on . 
  but no . 
  it 's an interesting question to be honest and there is no simple answer . 
  i think one problem is that the ecb can not act in either way . 
  the whole system became hand cuffed when countries manipulated their economic strength to be allowed to join . 
  we started off with an artificial view on what was the economic status of the emu . 
  that effected all ecb policy making and once the truth came out we are sitting here with countries that are drowning in debt on one side , and countries with good solid economies slowly going into depression ( like finland ) on the other because the ecb can not do anything really . 
  if it pushes policies that will stop the strong economies from going into depression it will hurt the poor ones . 
  if it pushes policies that will help the poor ones to gain momentum it will hurt the strong ones . 
  so either way the ecb looks there is a huge pile of shit waiting to hit the fan . 
  the eu wo n't do anything either . 
  they wont force say greece out of the emu because that will destroy the dream of a single currency eu . 
  they can not prioritise the strong economies as that would be seen as unfair by others . 
  it 's a complete mess for monetary policy and there 's no way out of it as it seems . 
  meanwhile uk is showing great economic numbers this week and sweden has been going well throughout the crisis , both countries free from the ecb and able to adapt monetary policy according to their needs . 
  germany especially seems to want to save the euro no matter what , so that will block any attempt to actually sit down and discuss how to solve this mess . 
  but on top of all this there are hundreds of other issues that needs solving to get our economies going . 
  bankers need to be kept in line , domestic ( eu ) production needs to get going , trade tariffs need to be considered on some sectors and so on and so on . 
  but most of these questions are of such nature that no one wants to touch them . 
  there are no true states men in the eu and that is what we need . 
   as far as i know their overall stance on issues like copyright walks somewhat in line with yours . 
  as i said i do n't know . 
  the swedish greens pretend to be very much against these copyrighters but their mep voted completely opposite to what she says she believes in . 
  i can not trust the nordic greens , they all seem like hypocrites saying one thing and doing another . 
  how it is in other eu countries i do n't know . 
  i love the wildlife , i hunt , fish etc. 
  so protecting nature is very close to my heart , but the greens have just gone way too far in some areas and in some areas they 've completely lost it . 
  so i 'm probably not the right person to ask of an objective view on the greens in general . 
  no it is n't . 
  honestly is n't . 
  if you look at what most of the people who are sceptic about the eu want they are very simple things . 
  let them have a new referendum as some got to vote when the eu was still a trade-club . 
  make the eu parliament matter , so that the meps can propose laws . 
  let the eu commission be elected as all other positions of power . 
  reduce the cost of eu . 
  simplify the eu so that people can understand it . 
  let national governments have the power . 
  if the eu wants to become more than this it needs to dissolve and be re-created with a constitution that is clear , simple and people can then vote on if they want to be part of a federation . 
  as it is clear that the goal of the pro-eu people is to become a federation . 
  let us then stop pretending and vote on it . 
  but the fact is that the pro-eu people are too afraid to let the people have their say . 
  so either the eu takes a step back and once again becomes what it was 20-30 years ago or it evolves by democratic means . 
  do n't know . 
  for all i care all the nuts involved in the modern green movement should be locked up and the key thrown away . 
  they 're like the new communists . 
  basically taken the most fanatic tree huggers , the most confused leftist and pot-smoking-rastafaris and created a political movement out of that . 
  i mean there was a day when they focused on issues such as not destroying our rivers , lakes and oceans . 
  now they 're like the feminists , gone completely awol and are off-roading into areas of politics that they just do n't comprehend or even care to understand . 
  sorry for my rant , but christ these new greenies are morons . 
  at least in the nordics . 
   if the anti-eu side does n't want to compromise on anything , other than the destruction of the union altogether ? 
  reverse that and ask yourself : why does n't the pro-eu side want to compromise on anything and instead lets the union fall apart ? 
   the way world was in the 60s and 70s i 'd not agree with that . 
  i am against the eu . 
  but i want trade , i want cooperation , i think that europe is the best thing ever . 
  but i do not want an undemocratic flawed organisation that has the goal to become a federation to make decisions that affect me . 
  i want the people of each country to have the power to decide their own future . 
  the only thing the eu should do is to ensure the free movement of goods , services and people . 
  it should not get involved with anything else . 
  it should not have any mandate to stipulate any rules what so ever . 
  it can only act when a member nation is putting up barriers for the free movement of goods , services or people . 
  in all cases it shall sit quiet and do nothing . 
  if we want a body that represents europe internationally we should create one and ask each country to vote if they want to be in it or not . 
  before the vote it should be made clear what it means , a clear constitution that is n't 1000 pages long .
