  people seem to also misunderstand trade balances . 
  a country with a trade deficit does n't have to be poor . 
  the uk and us as an example have the highest trade deficits ( us = $ -784.775 billion and uk = $ -162.973 ) . 
  having a trade deficit does not mean that your economy will fail automatically . 
  looking at the biggest deficits according to wto numbers in order the ten countries with the biggest deficits are : 1 . 
  usa 2 . 
  india 4 . 
  france 5 . 
  turkey 6 . 
  spain 7 . 
  italy 9 . 
  japan 10 . 
  egypt greece comes in at 11 , so blaming the greek financial crisis on just trade deficits is plain ignorant and shows lack of understanding for basic economics . 
  furthermore a country can balance it 's trade deficit with domestic creation of value or export of services . 
  this is what hong kong does , it has basically had a constant trade deficit but produces enough value through services to be able to pay for the imports . 
  the greek problem stems from a complete lack of respect for balancing their books . 
  tax evasion and poorly managed pension scheme 's are also contributing to this . 
  i mean blaming the fact that more than 100 000 people were claiming pensions from dead people on the germans is just ridiculous . 
  greece is the cancer of the emu and should be excluded from it , in fact it should never have been allowed to become a member of it as it did n't in reality meet the minimum criteria . 
  no and no . 
  if country a saves it does n't mean that country b has to loan as if country b does n't spend more than its earnings there is no need for them to loan . 
  the currency is equally available for nation states as private institutions and households . 
  i know how the ecb and the emu works . 
  but it still does not force any country to consume more than it earns . 
  it is that simple . 
  there is no set amount of currency and thus we have inflation . 
  if you save it also means that you are lending . 
  coming back to offsetting consumption of today for consumption for tomorrow . 
  each country has assets and income and it is the use of this revenue that decides if you are spending more than you are earning . 
  you need to get your knowledge of economy on par with your statements . 
  you do n't seem to understand the concept of spending and hence there is no point of continuing this discussion . 
  no but more a big scale correctional institution . 
  ok let us break it down . 
  economics is very simple . 
  if you spend more than you earn you 'll be in debt . 
  you can spend more than you earn if you can plan to pay for it in the future . 
  offsetting consumption today for consumption tomorrow or consuming today and consume less tomorrow are the fundamentals of credit economics . 
  the greek government spending was above its ability to earn . 
  it lived on credit and could only do so as long as it could access cheap loans to roll the debt . 
  they were playing with fire in a house filled with gas and it finally blew up in their face . 
  it was all their own doing . 
  no one is forced to spend more than they earn as you say . 
  absolutely no one is . 
  you can cut spending to balance your budget . 
  this is what any business or country with a sound economy does . 
  you take what you get in and ensure that you are n't spending more or you ensure that you are in such a good economic state that you get low interest credit to roll the loans when they fall for payment . 
  the greek government refused to do so . 
  it fabricated its books and did n't do anything about the fact that people were lifting pension money from dead relatives and not paying taxes . 
  that is one big portion of what the government could have cut spending on . 
  if you can not produce income you need to diversify your economy or live with the fact that you can not spend as much as the one earning more . 
  your logic is so flawed that it does not make any sense what so ever . 
  it is not a zero sum game it is a game of balancing your books . 
  each country in the emu has sets its own budget and has the right to do so . 
  no one forced the greek government to spend more than it earned . 
  it has nothing to do with anything else but bad economic management . 
  it is solely the fault of the greek government that they spent more than they could afford . 
  it is solely the fault of the greek people that they did n't pay taxes . 
  so there is no one else to blame . 
  we had to give guarantees to the loans as we could get the loans cheap from the market so seriously just shut up . 
  edit : where did i say the north ? 
  i said germany , finland , sweden , the netherlands ** and all other countries who took care of their economy **, 
  i 'm so fed up with these gypsies . 
  they 're everywhere and up to no good ever . 
  sometimes i wish that we could just put them in a fenced in ghetto and not let them out before they behave . 
  if they start breaking the laws again , throw them back in . 
  nigel farage, 
  now if the eu wants to be taken seriously by the people they should act swiftly against this . 
  slap google and all other us companies with an ultimatum . 
  if they 're to do business in the eu they need to store the data collected in the eu within eu . 
  also tell the us that we 'll pull out all our troops in the conflicts they 're expecting our help , slap custom taxes on all us imports until they leave us alone . 
  greece sucked its own euros out by spending more than it made . 
  the people did n't give a shit about paying taxes either . 
  the problems in greece are created by the greek and no one else . 
  but they still expect germany , finland , sweden , the netherlands and all other countries who took care of their economy to bail them out . 
  very much . 
  there was a time every now and then when i was a child when my mom gave me a particular look and i knew that now i would do best if i immediately stopped what i was doing and behaved . 
  greece missed the hint and now they 're really in trouble . 
  hmmmm ... sure , but i 'd not count him as one of the most important europeans . 
  the guy did n't even know what he found before long after . 
  oh ok . forgot i was in the pro eu everything is perfect in the eu subreddit . 
  here : http://www.keepeek.com/digital-asset-management/oecd/social-issues-migration-health/international-migration-outlook-2013_migr_outlook-2013-en#page1, 
  with poor french success ... 
  do n't ask me i do n't know , 
  i like that i get downvoted because i answer a question . 
  just goes to tell how pro eu on every level this sub is . 
  i like that cameron is trying to push for a less intrusive eu . 
  in fact i 'd like more people to take away power from the eu . 
  erdogan is in turkey and i do n't see turkey as part of europe even if they want to believe so . 
  alexander lukashenko is in my book the worst european leader . 
  interesting would be to know what estonians feel . 
  do they see themselves more as part of the baltics or nordics . 
  i see them as a middle ground between baltics and the nordics . 
   how do you prioritise your identity/loyalty ? 
  i would say i am very loyal . 
  i am finnish and i 'd there is very little i would n't do for my country as long as it is n't plain stupid . 
   are you an ethno/religous-nationalist ? 
  i 'm not religious in the sense of going to church etc. 
  i do believe in a god but i 'm in no way religious in that sense . 
  i do believe in people having the right to practice their religion if they want to . 
  i 'm very nordic in the sense of religion , here religion is a private matter and we do n't like when religion is in your face .
