  the eu has 500 million people in it . 
  more than the us 2 . 
  all eu countries have better healthcare than the us 3 . 
  each state in the us can decide on itself to implement a healthcare system like we have . 
  the most populous us state is california with 38 million people . 
  germany alone has 81 million , france 62 million , uk 62 million , italy 60 million , spain 47 million , poland 38 million and all provide better healthcare than any state in the us . 
  just to mention a few . 
  it is scary and amazingly beautiful at the same time that a small little creature like the humble honeybee could wipe out a big part of the worlds food production and crumble our biodiversity . 
  i mean the next time i see a honeybee flying i 'm so going to imagine it with a cape !, 
  talk about superhero . 
  yup . 
  there 's nothing limiting a state to offer free healthcare . 
  so you do n't need a federal decision on it . 
  haha :d i love it . 
  fuck the islamist on every level possible . 
  if it was up to me , we 'd do a world a favour to put all the males in that region in a prison camp and release the one that pass a psychological analysis . 
  soviet saved europe from fascism but force half of it under communism . 
  never mind the fire . 
  truly beautiful surroundings !, 
  `` it 's like the gay wedding i 'll never have '' i just love the humour of graham norton . 
  it 's father ted !, 
  the worst thing in this video is that we have better healthcare in all of the eu countries and we 've more than 500 million people . 
  flushing down his argument right away . 
  lol dunno , it 's catchy though . 
  most of it is just made up sounds . 
  for the lazy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4om1rqkpiji the japanese love it . 
  youtube is filled with anime videos for the song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6uga5ookqm, 
  but lordi sang in english , 
  christ not ones more  but they sang in english and `` hallelujah '' we won :p, 
  lol  it 's my favourite irish sentence . 
  when my gf ask me questions and i 'm not really listening it 's my number one response . 
  she 's irish and i bet she regrets teaching me it . 
  i agree that co. . dublin and surroundings is very non-irish speaking . 
  but from my experience it was n't much of a difference in clare , cork , wexford , waterford or donegal either . 
  maybe more inland ? 
  although in kerry i noticed more irish being spoken . 
  this came to mind : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oyauockfzq, 
  like any political view i think it is good to let children grow up a little before we expose them too much to any opinions . 
  if we 're completely honest , gay rights have become more of a political view lately than the pure strive to equality it started out as . 
  precisely like feminism which has n't been what feminism was all about in years . 
  just a question , what difference will the euro make ? 
  a currency wo n't stop an invasion . 
  who cares what turkey thinks , they 're asian . 
  oh no i said it . 
  the ads for social democrats look the same in every damn country . 
  you see my german and dutch friends . 
  it is time for us to talk about a north european union . 
  my personal experience is that the irish eat very unhealthy at work as an example , and i lived there for two years . 
  the problem is n't the home cooking in ireland , it is the food served in canteens and lunch places etc. 
  most of the food in canteens etc. 
  is fried , deep fried and if you want a salad to go with the food it cost more than the dish . 
  i do n't know why this is though . 
  anyone irish hear that could shed some light on why food served in canteens is so different from what people eat at home in ireland ? 
  this is true . 
  finnish for a foreigner sounds like every sentence means `` i 'm gon na hit you in the head with an ax '' !, 
  no way we could win with finnish , and the stats show it . 
   on a more serious note . 
  my experience from living in ireland . 
  - 100 % get thought irish - 10 % can speak irish somehow - 5 % can speak irish honestly i do n't know the official numbers , but i rarely , very rarely saw people that could actually speak irish . 
  i find irish to be a fascinating language and i remember thinking that it was sad how few embraced it . 
  simply put ... fuck the french . 
  oh ... well there we go . 
  there 's a europe day ? 
  not at all surprising . 
  i used to live in ireland too , a lot of us who work in it work in ireland for a while as most tech companies have their european hq there . 
  thank you !, 
  sounds harsh but the only way to save these lives is to start shooting like a mother fucker at any boat moving in the water that wo n't identify themselves . 
  soon enough the smugglers wo n't want to go on kamikaze missions . 
  i can just imagine that the bodies found are just the tip of the iceberg of people getting killed by these smugglers . 
  yeah yeah it is inhumane blah blah . . but it will work . 
  dude , your talking so deep from your ass that you might choke on your own dingle berries . 
  yay we beat cyprus ... !, 
  first time / r/europe agrees 100 % with each-other . 
  neighbours suck , donkey balls . 
  i went to india and since then i 've never complained about noise . 
  especially in the nordics i can not understand how people can complain . 
  only reason for it , is that they 've never been anywhere with more people living in one place than 1 million . 
  in general european cities are quiet compared to many asian countries where honking seems to be a must every two seconds 24/4 year round . 
  ehhh . . hold on a second . 
  that argument does n't hold one bit . 
  first of we are double the population of the us . 
  we have nordic countries that are all as north as alaska . 
  meaning with just finland and sweden up north we have 14 + million people living in the cold compared to 663.000 in alaska . 
  add to that the alpine regions of europe . 
  going south we have greece , spain , portugal , italy ( south ) etc. 
  with a warm climate . 
  i mean the us spends ridiculous amounts of fossil fuels per head and no climate differences in the world can justify double the amount of usage with half less population . 
  ** finland ** tuntematon sotilas in english * the unknown soldier * by v\u00e4in\u00f6 linna http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_unknown_soldier_ ( novel ) or under the north star also by v\u00e4in\u00f6 linna, 
   dc was originally built to be between new york/england and virginia + nothing to read wrong there . 
  maybe you should learn how to write then . 
  new york/england ? 
  what have you been smoking . 
  washington d.c. was originally built on the same spot it is in today and it is n't even bordering new york state , never has and never will . 
  maryland and virginia both donated a piece of land to which would become the district of columbia of which the land donated by virginia was given back . 
  the federal government and the state governments are different entities and have different tasks . 
  besides it 's not like brussels is close to everything either . 
  i mean there 's really no point in the `` point '' you 're trying to make . 
  how do you think they do it in other big countries . 
  the distance from d.c. to honolulu is n't that short . 
  you still have regional governments .
