  further underlining the fact that this is just a desperate move and nothing else . 
  well you are allowed to draw you own conclusions . 
  i do n't see them as failed states myself . 
  i just see them as states that have n't mature yet and nothing weird with that with respect to what they had to go through in the ussr . 
  besides who gives a shit about what words are used as the content is still the same . 
  people need to man up . 
  good . 
  we need oil that makes us less dependant on russia and the middle east . 
  oh it very much is a circlejerk in here . 
  people in here can not take any opinions that do n't conform to the idea of a eu utopia . 
  never myself said fail state , i sad that the expansion was a mistake and ill-guided . 
  the issue is still bigger , that only one form of debate can take place in this sub and that is just brainless . 
  `` turbo corruption '' in the western balkan countries . 
  yup . . and sad at the same time, 
  now ... the people who say / r/europe is n't a huge circle-jerk of pro-eu people : http://imgur.com/bwkran8 come again please . 
  what most likely will happen is what has happened previously when we 've had increased levels of globalisation , non of which come close to what we have today , is a move towards national interests . 
  this people see as something bad , but it does n't have to be . 
  what people seem to forget is that we as humans are nothing more than pack animals . 
  we 're naturally suspicious of outsiders , we 're naturally inclined to look towards the interests of our group . 
  we do this even internally within nations all the way down to the family level . 
  if we accepted this fact we 'd be much smarter and have less conflicts in the world . 
  we 're trying to change behaviour that has formed during a very , very long time , and we 're trying to do this within a few decades . 
  so obviously people will kick back and react . 
  what amazes me is that this natural tendency of people to be drawn to similar minded or similar groups is and has been known in science for a very long time . 
  the formation of clusters of be their social , economical etc. 
  are very known in the field of economy , sociology etc. 
  so why can we not just accept that and work from there . 
  no instead we 're trying to push everyone towards some utopian goal that ends up blowing up in our faces , once again . 
  this is exactly what is happening within the eu and has been for a long time . 
  the french , british , greek , spanish , finnish , swedish , german , italian ... all of us are looking for our own interests and because we do n't have any common culture , language or anything except that we 're all on the same continent makes this a very weird concoction . 
  if we just accepted that we 're all somewhat egoistic and look after our own interests then we 'd be much better off than trying to pretend that everyone wants to equally share everything . 
  it simply is n't what we humans do or have ever done . 
  not even when we 're kids do we escape this . 
  you try to sneak one extra candy from your brother etc. 
  i mean it 's just such a big part of us that it will always affect everything we do . 
  apparently mods thought my post was n't ok . what rule it broke i dunno . 
   does that mean that they are n't leaning towards fascism ? 
  i mean how can one make the danish people 's party , ukip , swedish democrats , true finns fascist ? 
  sure fn if you stretch it but non of them are fascist . 
  not even close . 
   most of the fascist leaders and parties in the past did n't come out in the beginning and say we need to get rid of jews and immigrants and militarize our society . 
  mussolini was n't an anti-semite as hitler was as an example so that does n't really work as characterising fascism either . 
  fascism and national socialism are quite different yet similar . 
  but even so nothing with any of the parties are fascist . 
  golden dawn i could agree calling national socialists . 
  the word fascist has become as diluted as racist . 
  it does n't bare any meaning anymore , everything is called fascist or racist . 
  but most people are n't even equipped with the basic understanding on what it is . 
  just the economic principles of fascism go against all of these parties lines , not to forget that non of them see the state as the main factor that unifies the nation towards a common cause . 
  their willingness to trade and cooperate with other nations goes against this theory . 
  look at ukip who 's said that it would like to trade more with commonwealth nations . 
  it would go any form of logic if they viewed race as the common denominator and the centre for their ideology so their not national socialists either . 
  the list of reasons why these parties are n't fascist can be made very long . 
  just because a party wants protectionism or limited immigration and give the government more power to control flows of people does n't make them fascist . 
  it 's what the main stream parties did for decades . 
  yeah ... but ... the amount of finns that would want kaerlia back are few . 
  sure it would be nice , but it would be an economical nightmare . 
  probably an ecological as well , the russians have destroyed much of the environment there . 
  we could not really force the russians living there now to pack up and leave and we 'd not want that big of a russian minority , for obvious reasons . 
  which translates to you only wanting to hear people who share your narrow opinions and world view . 
  yup ... that 's a recipe for success . 
  now that one hell of a stretch . 
  one may call front national , danish people 's party , true finns , swedish democrats , ukip etc. 
  a lot of things but fascist they are not . 
  this moron thane rosenbaum should probably go to the nearest library or just to wikipedia and research what fascism is before saying such a ludicrous thing . 
  nothing worse than idiots like these who try to get readers through shitty headlines and poor logic . 
  thank you . 
  also a big thank you for showing us that you indeed do lack all possible talent to have a reasonable debate without being a child over it . 
  that is very much appreciated . 
  edit : the comment he removed said the well articulated sentence : idiot . 
   yes , only finland is worth of being a member of anything . 
  where did i say that . 
  this is the sort of stupid ass screaming and kicking comments that make you seem more stupid than you most likely are . 
  finland has nothing to do with the fact that the states mentioned are corrupt , poorly performing and were not ready for the union . 
  it 's a damn fact and we 're paying the price for it . 
  so if you 'd take you patriotic hat off and shove it up somewhere where the sun does n't shine and try to be objective for ones . 
  italy is also a problem but it was a problem long before the expansion . 
  we did n't need more problems which is exactly what we got . 
  nuclear is the only reliable and sustainable option right now . 
   we are truly the country with unpredictable past . 
  and an unpredictable future i 'd say . 
  no one knows what happens tomorrow . 
   monarchs are less likely to run away than politicians . 
  i agree , and they also have a more long term interest in staying in the country as the source of their wealth and power is directly tied to the country from generations and for generations to come if they play their cards right . 
  a politician is done after he 's hit the wall of not being able to run for president again . 
  nor can he be sure that his children will have the same positions . 
  became before or after does not really matter as anyone with half a brain could see it coming . 
  i mean the country or let me say countries were not ready on any level to join . 
  the eu should have let them mature as nations for a longer while after the fall of the ussr . 
   ca n't they be banned for any of this ? 
  why are n't they ? 
  same way the kkk can not be banned in the us . 
  they have n't really done anything wrong yet in the sense of trying a coup etc. 
  also a ban would be the worst possible thing you can do . 
  it will give them even more ammo to use to convince the public that the government has been taken over etc. 
   still an ignorant rat who knows nothing about the countries he points his finger at . 
  why would you assume i mean bulgaria ? 
  sure they 're also a good example . 
  here is a good example of why i mention them ( hungary ) : https://news.yahoo.com/editors-removal-sparks-hungary-press-freedom-protest-212803145.html as well as this :  corruption is a severe issue in hungary . 
  according to transparency international hungary , almost one-third of top managers claim they regularly bribe politicians .
