  i however do not appreciate or like muslims as in my experience they are n't prepared to adapt to our way of life . 
  i do n't care if that makes me called racist but that is how i think . 
   are you a regionalist ? 
  yes , i believe that we can have a union of some sort . 
  but not the kind of a union the eu is . 
  a nordic union i 'd support any day of the week . 
  i 'm a northerner . 
  i am a finn , but i 'm also a northerner . 
  i could see us in a working union with the nordics , germany and austria who i feel are fairly similar to us and you can throw in estonia as well . 
  so yes i am i guess regionalist . 
   is your nation-state what you identify yourself by ? 
  to be honest i 've lived in and been in all the nordic countries so much that i identify myself as a northerner . 
  i am a finn and i identify myself as that as well . 
  on a broader perspective , yes i 'm european as well but not really so that i identify myself as such . 
   can the eu ever be successful if it is not the primary identity of its inhabitants ? 
  no , we 're too different , we have too different values , we do n't share a language or basic goals . 
  yep iceland is very much doing that . 
  the problem is the distance from iceland to the continent that we do n't know how to transport the energy efficiently to the continent . 
  one wonders what would happen if we closed up our economy from cheap imports from china . 
  this would have to improve our internal economics , especially in lower wage countries in the union . 
  can not tell you much because of nda : s with my employer . 
  but what i can tell you is that the whole process of how the system works with public tenders , negotiations etc. 
  you talk to someone high up in organisation x who is responsible for y and you realise that they have no clue over y. 
  it 's just so clear that they ended up on that job because someone pulled the right strings . 
  as no one would have employed them to take responsibility of something they are n't qualified to do . 
  sometimes they are `` qualified '' but they do n't have experience enough and should be way down in the organisational hierarchy but instead they are taking the big decisions . 
  it happens so often it 's not even funny . 
  until the next sas strike ... 
  columbus ... why ? 
  franco 4 . 
  stalin 5 . 
  insert random crazy person they all contributed to us finally understanding that instead of fighting each-other were better off living in peace and working together to reach common goals . 
  it took many lives and horrible acts but i think we finally learned the lesson . 
  i did n't put them in any order but all these four people did their part equally `` well '' . 
  i 've worked with a lot of eu institutions through my work in the private sector and it is really bad , and i mean ** bad ** . 
  if you think that the public workers and bureaucrats in your home country are n't doing their job efficiently then multiply that with two and you have any given eu institution . 
  they say that they employ people based on some open criteria but that is complete and utter bs . 
  almost all of the people in high positions in eu institutions are there because they knew the right people . 
  hell half of them do n't even know what they are doing . 
  a turning point in my life from being pro eu to anti eu came through my interaction with eu institutions through my job . 
  i can honestly say that i 've never seen as many incompetent people in the wrong place at the wrong time doing a job they do n't know anything about as when i worked with these institutions . 
  vulnerable to corruption is an understatement it is a fact that they are rotten to the core . 
  they are money pits and serve only a function of providing well paid jobs to old politicians or their relatives/friends/donors . 
  we can change the name to beer and wine europe just to make it sound newer , 
  eu has caused it . 
  the politicians in brussels have tried to make a federation of countries that are n't ready for it . 
  politicians have twined together all states with different levels of economic power in a way that makes every one hurt when one countries politicians do n't give a shit . 
  this makes the people in the countries who have to bail out the others pissed off . 
  they ask why they need to suffer when they have n't done anything wrong . 
  on top of this countries who are in the euro have lost their power to control their domestic monetary policy to reduce the economic hardship and the ecb is incompetent in doing anything about it . 
  in fact the ecb is between a rock and a hard place . 
  it can not lower interest rates further to have inflation eat up debt , it can not increase them to as this will hurt the ones doing poorly . 
  monetary policy is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  we also have increased social welfare tourism from poorer nations to richer ones who put a strain on their economy and worsens the situation of the people who paid for it to exist . 
  the uk is clearly the one that has been hit the worst by this but all north european nations are feeling it . 
  our streets are filled with beggars and pick pockets from romania constantly reminding us each morning when we got to work that our taxes are paying for this . 
  people in low skill employment are loosing their jobs to cheap labour from the east making them recent the eu even more . 
  it is a long list of big and small issues that after a while grows on people and they decide that they 've had enough . 
  the two biggest mistakes in my opinion for the eu was the expansion to the east and the inclusion of countries like greece into the euro . 
  if we had just let these countries mature and get their things in order longer it would have gone better . 
  but the greed of wanting to create a european super state blow up in the face of our politicians . 
  i 'm more than certain that my comments will piss some people off , but if you break the issue down it comes down to this . 
  it 's just the sad reality of things . 
  the only parties that want to do anything about it are the nationalistic ones . 
  no pro-eu party is willing to take a step back and start over where it went wrong leaving only one option for the people . 
  high flying ideas and ideologies of some pan european cosy state are n't just as easy to put in motion as some people think . 
  hell i used to be pro eu and i 'm highly educated , well paid and life is good and i 'm against the eu nowadays . 
  so just think how it looks like in the lower educated , low skill labour demographics and they make up the bulk of our voters . 
  they 've been hit the hardest . 
  typical leftist journalism nothing else . 
  european nations are in a right wing rise and this is just a desperate attempt by the media to change this . 
  eu politics and the corruption within eu and especially in the southern member states have given a rise to an anti-eu stance among most member states . 
  people have in all member states been affected by the corruption of their politicians in their or other nations . 
  the greek people have suffered tremendously from the decisions made by their politicians , as is the case for spain , portugal and ireland . 
  this resulted in irritation in states like germany , finland , sweden , denmark , netherlands etc. 
  who had to bail out the countries . 
  the eu is a massive cluster fuck and the shit has just about started to hit the fan . 
  elections are coming up in many states and i can promise that we 'll see a rise in mandates to parties who support an exit from the eu in each country . 
  as you say , it is time we man up and accept that this pacifist hippie dream is n't working . 
  we need to accept national pride in europe as if we do n't we 'll never have a wide acceptance of eu . 
  the eu should work as a forum for discussion and not try to be a federation as the people do n't want it . 
  or by any of the nordics either . 
  i do n't . 
  i wa n't to sell nuclear power to the french and rip them off . 
  germany can get a good price :p ( it 's a joke for anyone that did n't get it ) . 
  our former eastern-block immigrants come from estonia and poland . 
  we do n't really have much romanians here except for the gypsies who beg on our streets and steal shit . 
  unfortunately i think the gypsies have set the standard of what people think about romanians . 
  this is so weird in a way . 
  lithuanians , polish , estonians , latvians etc. 
  are seen as cheap immigrant workers here , and then you see the romanians and bulgarians as the same . 
  the world is a weird place . 
  this was my experience as well and hence so surprised . 
  the key is that everyone should be connected and that is what counts in my opinion . 
  but once you have the cities connected i guess it 's easier to get the rest as well . 
  we have 3g in the middle of nowhere in the wilderness so this is why i was a little surprised . 
  but i guess romania has the same issue as the nordic countries , we are big land masses and a lot of distances to cover to get connections everywhere . 
  ok . never knew well good job romania , 
  so it is relating to urban areas and not the whole country ? 
  it 's not racism .
