  did n't germany ship back some of its gold that it had in the vaults of the fed ? 
  not really a surprise to be honest . 
  it 's been fairly know where most cars stolen in europe go and that the countries in question do n't really do anything about it . 
  one more nail into the coffin of european democracy . 
  indeed , indeed . 
  number one reason i moved from sweden was this political correctness to the point of retiredness . 
  and it is everywhere , education system , work , tv , radio , media well you name it . 
  sweden , why am i not surprised . 
  i ca n't stand london but the rest of the uk i do n't have problems with . 
  i especially like the scotts . 
  there is nothing wrong with nationalism per se . 
  nationalism can be used for good as well as bad . 
  it just has a stigma that it is automatically something bad . 
  and of course people need to remember the war and honour the dead . 
  if you forget the dead you 'll basically make their legacy disappear . 
  a legacy that can teach future generations of the wrongs done in the past . 
  they might have died in a pointless war , but let us not make their deaths pointless . 
  give their sacrifice a value in teaching future generations about the value of peace . 
  if you forget your past , you 'll do the same mistakes in the future . 
  oh yes our national pride :p, 
  some people are just too grey to enjoy anything without making it boring by trying to force logic to humour . 
  i pity you to be completely honest . 
  if you do n't like a joke then move on and stop complaining like a little cunt . 
  what if i 'd say that you are boring as fuck ? 
  haha !, 
  i love this !, 
  yes in the middle ages . 
  more recently the us eliminated most native americans from the face of the earth . 
  i mean what happened in the middle ages is stretching the argument a little . 
  so you 're saying that russia is the only one that produces gas on this planet ? 
  i suggest you read this as it makes it clear that russia is n't the only option for ukraine to buy gas from : http://www.businessweek.com/news/2013-12-18/ukraine-to-seek-european-gas-imports-as-russia-offers-price-cut, 
  it is sad . 
  microsoft raped nokia from the final little hope it had :(, 
  germany did not europe . 
  boatland : dddddd, 
   while latvia does another flop that was the most honest thing i 've read in a while here . 
  as a finn i 'd say no . 
  i just think that finland in general has more uncommon with norway and denmark nowadays than it has with sweden . 
  but as finland and sweden used to have more in common and a traditional relationship it made more headlines as there were more frequent talks etc. 
  and as while finns feel that they share a lot with danes and norwegians we just do n't have that much interaction for logistical and traditional reasons . 
  i think many finns even if they do n't spend their days thinking or talking about it feel like sweden is heading the wrong direction . 
  it is not only jeopardising the whole baltic regions with its new lack-of-defence-policy it also seems to completely have moved to live in some absurd political correct bubble that we can not identify ourselves with . 
  the same criticism towards sweden 's current political athmosphere is more and more seen in danish and norwegian media as well . 
  i honestly do believe that sweden is at a ways end where it has to make a decision if it wants to be part of what was and is traditional nordic values or not . 
  i work in an environment where i travel a lot between all the nordic countries and at least among the people i meet its become clear that i 'm not the only one thinking like this . 
  i do n't see finland having invested much in the baltic region relationships ( except estonia ) . 
  lithuania , latvia and poland are not talked about much . 
  estonia has its owns place and has traditionally been viewed differently from other baltic states by the finns . 
  finland also has quite stable and good relationships with russia compared to what it once was and i think with the economic growth it can offer it also gets a front seat at this time and age . 
  unfortunately everything else fails horribly on windows phone as well . 
  so we should just ban islam all together from western countries . 
   i see your point though , a lot of muslim bashing going on here because of how it influences the masses in what we see as a `` regressive '' manner not consistent with the evolution of europe ... but in reality , some european states were guilty of much worse up until recently . 
  so now when we have managed to get more states to move to a more modern way of thinking we should take two steps back just because we `` used to do bad things recently '' . 
  does not make any sense at all . 
  selling below market price by using state funds to subsidise is agains any free market principle . 
  but of course you 'd not know that since your french where the state subsidises everything . 
  actor as in any privately owned corporation involved in the exploration of oil and gas resources sold on the open market . 
  selling on profit while still using government funds is n't capitalism . 
  it allows them to lower their profit targets lower than any other privately held corporation could do with respect to their duty towards their stock holders . 
  government subsidised prices are n't in line with free markets in any way or form . 
  russia is using state funds to subsidise its product and hence sells in on a lower price than any other actor on the private sector could do . 
  then again oil and gas business has never been part of the free market with opec and the likes . 
  because they suck in managing money ... obviously . 
  where did i say that ? 
  i said that the euro is a failure and should be ended . 
  the obvious substitute would be that countries went back to using their own local currencies . 
  i 'd say italy , portugal , spain , greece and the other bankrupt nations are the disrupting entity . 
  we should clearly have two separate unions one south and one north . 
   i 'm all for free trade within the union and working freely in different european countries and living in any european country as long as you are working . 
   and now these idiots are talking about a federation . 
  clearly much more there than you managed to read . 
  to make it clear . 
  eu has a lot to offer as long as it is only concerned by the free movement of people , property and goods . 
  but when we get a single currency , eu-laws that over-reaches basic rights in member states it has gone too far . 
  the euro is the biggest failure of them all . 
  an now they suggest a federation when we ca n't even manage a damn currency . 
  well then you clearly did n't read what i said . 
  it is not the changing of a currency it is just one thing among many in the cluster fuck called eu . 
  but being canadian you 're like a synthetic-french person anyhow :p, 
  haha ... no one wants their baguettes anyways . 
  all european . 
  suck on that u.s. 
  not to be a party pooper but it is easy to grow from nothing than to grow from a higher level . 
  after the fall of the ussr poland and other former ussr states started from nothing and it will obviously be much more drastic in growth than say any other country that had been given the possibility to flourish outside the ussr . 
  it is easy to get from running 100 m in 30 seconds to 15 . 
  but getting from 15 to 10 is a different story . 
  thank god !, 
  it being eu we 'll be made to vote until we vote right . 
  irony being that he is know to be a big fan of expensive luxury watches . 
  in russia being late also has a meaning . 
  usually , in the business world , the one that is lover in rank or not in the position of having what the other party wants and needs is the one that is on time . 
  very common in business meetings in russia . 
  the one that is the one selling something is usually the one waiting . 
  sweden , the land of `` lagom '' and as long as you are n't a heterosexual white man you can do what the fuck you want . 
  even adopt kids when you 've butt fucked one earlier . 
   the british benefits system is unusual in that you can get unemployment benefit even if you have not contributed to the system . 
  and these fucking leeches find these loop holes fast . 
  but do n't worry , you in the uk are n't the only ones being screwed out of what you had built . 
  well that is true as well . 
  wonder then our politicians will get their heads out of their asses and end this damn thing .
