  i reject the whole concept of them being in europe . 
  same way as turkey . 
  they might have some land here , and in the case of russia most of their people live in what is classified as europe but their still just a damn tribe that got lost from some mountains in siberia . 
  screw russia on all levels possible . 
  true . 
  however , why the let him open his yap is strange if he was n't supported somehow in what he is saying . 
  i think his advisors went to hommaforum and mistook it for media . 
  ah our exclave :p jokes aside , completely agree with you . 
  haha ... no they 'd not use it like that . 
  nuclear power plants generate heat as a byproduct as well as the steam used to power the turbine . 
  so it wo n't be radio active , 
  fixed amount for m2 of apartment . 
  it 's so dirt cheap i do n't even know how much i pay to be honest . 
  it 's basically nothing . 
  i do n't know how it 's with single houses . 
  but in apartment buildings they just take the whole cost of the building and divide it with the m2 and then everyone that owns an apartment in that building pays accordingly . 
  maybe someone who lives in a single house could enlighten me as well , 
  could you point to what you are asking if i 'm serious about . 
  oh you 're right . 
  peace keepers it is , 
  was thinking the same thing . 
  yet it 's interesting to see how many there are . 
  i actually never heard about the sami wanting a separate state formed from norway , sweden and finland . 
   there you go . 
  you being utterly retarded yet again . 
  well that is such a well found argument once again i do n't know what to say . 
  nice of you to elaborate it so well . 
  i bet your proud of your intellectual achievement . 
  besides kosovo wont be ready 20 years from now either . 
  dunno about that but they built a new huge ass harbour there recently . 
  the us sure is a bully , but one can tell us to fuck off if they 're behaving badly if you 're a western country . 
  that only results in some little political anger and that 's it . 
  tell russia to fuck off and putin gets his knickers twisted and sends an invasion force . 
  so i 'd rather live with the us bully than the russian bully . 
  the one i can predict ( us ) the other one is like a bipolar head case ( russia ) . 
  you might be right there . 
  i confused the fact that they were talking about this with the new reactor that is planned . 
  anyways , excess heat is used from other plants . 
  honestly i do n't know . 
  who would they turn to . 
  estonia or lithuania wo n't have the capacity of infrastructure to handle it atm . 
  then the rest of the eu is kind of also out of the question . 
  belarus they could not use either . 
  basically finland is the only neighbouring country they have that can handle the logistics of it and is n't an unreliable state through which companies do n't want to ship through . 
  their own ports in the east of the country do n't work either because they are far away from western russia where the bulk of their population lives . 
  also the russian road infrastructure out side major cities is on third-world country levels . 
  there 's a big reason why finland is so important for russian import . 
  the newly built st. petersburg harbour is n't used by most western companies as they simply do n't trust the officials so they opt to ship to finland , mainly kotka and hamina from where it is transported to russia on road from finland . 
  in a small country it tends to do so . 
  not always directly but if the government just went and signed up for nato without a referendum or being very clear in general elections that they would do so if elected then there would be hell to pay . 
  it would be political suicide . 
  in cities it 's district heating . 
  they use the excess heat from different sources to heat up water that is pumped through the city to all buildings . 
  the excess heat comes from anything like waste-burning-plants , server-halls , nuclear power plants , coal power plants etc. 
  rural areas mostly use wood . 
  finland is covered with forrest so there 's more than we could use . 
  also peat , wood pellets etc. 
  are used . 
  few homes use direct electric heating . 
  we 're a cold country so we 've had to invest in smarter ways than gas since forever basically and we 've always had wood . 
  then being dependent on russia is a very big no no here , so that has also been a reason we 've never allowed ourselves to become dependent on their gas . 
  even if they did it wo n't matter . 
  only 11 % of our energy consumption relies on gas . 
  we 've already taken the crazy neighbour into account so the few power plants that use gas are fitted so that they can switch to alternative fuels almost over night . 
  out heating is also not based on gas so we are completely not reliable of russian gas like the rest of the continent . 
  the small parts of our economy that needs gas can be supplied with that gas through other means . 
   in 2009 the consumption of energy sources in electricity generation by mode of production was : 28 % nuclear power , 16 % hydro power , 13 % coal , ** 11 % natural gas ** , 5 % peat and 10 % wood fuels and other renewables [ ... ]  in 2010 the share of gas in tpes was about 10 % . 
  finland was 100 % dependent on a single supplier in gas , namely russia , and there is no gas storage capacity . 
  ** however , in finland , gas is essentially never used in direct heating of homes , which are heated by direct electric heating , oil or district heating . 
  ** 75 % of gas is used for production of electricity or combined heat and power and in industry , with domestic use being rare . 
  in total , 93 % of the gas is sold to large installations directly rather than by retail ... ** there is an alternative fuel obligation , so that in the event of a gas supply disturbance , other fuels can be immediately substituted . 
  ** http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy_in_finland, 
  russia is our biggest export partner . 
  but it goes both ways russia gets a ton of its western good through finland . 
  not the first time and definitely not the last time they 'll do that . 
  what russia fails to understand is that most people in finland do n't even want to join nato . 
  but one thing i do know is that if you start telling the finns what they can and can not do they 'll do what they want and soon they will have a finland in nato . 
  so if he was smart he 'd hold his mouth shut and keep good relations . 
  ah even more reason . 
  i love it . 
  just brings out the true attitudes here . 
  the reason conflicts emerge is because people do n't talk or people get silenced . 
   there are few things that actually matter for the average person , self righteousness is one of them amen . 
   but the whole racism thing if you come with an american attitude most likely everything will seem racist as in the states nowadays everything is racist . 
  here in europe it 's completely normal to mess around with neighbouring countries . 
  say finns call the swedes gay and the swedes the finns drunk , we laugh and on we go . 
  that is something you 'll definitely see but it is n't racism . 
  honestly i find the british here very straight forward . 
  the complainers are not the brits . 
   a ) you 're a fucking moron and your opinion is stupid . 
  and  b ) i disagree with you . 
  yes and no . 
  fucking moron is reserved to morons and i disagree with you to people who at least try to have a discussion that does n't boil down to them throwing the same old hitler , fascist , xenophobe card into play . 
  i could not have said it any better myself . 
   ivory dwelling bedwetters cluelessly amble on hits the nail on what 's going on in europe . 
  i completely agree . 
  and the number of downvotes raining here just shows that most people here have no clue or live in an alternative universe . 
  the only reason you 'd take these factors into account when calculating your gdp is because you are desperate to show better performance . 
  also raises the question , if you see them as valid for your gdp why do n't you then legalise it all together . 
  but oh no , then the moral panic kicks in .
