   but do n't act surprised when you keep sprouting racist bullshit then people flag you as such . 
  define racism then . 
  i mean you rant about racism all the time and calling the above user stormfront . 
  this is what you do all the time . 
  it just shows that you lack basic skills to make a point without filler nonsense or name calling . 
  it 's as if you seek some form of validation in your insecure person . 
  furthermore why do you change the subject to a previous discussion when there is now a question about your reaction to what / u/gingor said . 
  but to make it clear my opinion has always been that illegal immigrants should be locked up or sent back home . 
  even in one of my comments that the mods deleted i made it clear . 
  for all i care they can be locked up until they leave . 
  so once again it comes down to the person making an active choice , to be locked up or walk away free . 
  how is that racism . 
   the common tacit european agreement was that as long as immigrant do n't make waves , issues and become productive members of society we look the other way . 
  now exactly what agreement is that ? 
  either i 've missed some legally binding agreement and seriously need to call my representatives and ask what the hell they were thinking . 
  illegal immigrants are illegal and nothing more to it . 
   they 're ** probably ** not a `` free man '' where they come from . 
  assumptions and assumptions . 
  they were free enough to travel long distances to get to europe . 
  furthermore there are legal ways to ask for asylum which they decided not to follow . 
  ruining it for the ones that try to get to europe by following the laws . 
  what you are saying is that we should pat the ones breaking the rules on their back and say good job while telling the ones applying for asylum legally to go fuck themselves . 
  your views are deluded and based on some unsustainable concept of a fair world that will never exist . 
  the rest of your nonsense i do n't even need to address as it is just your attempt grab onto anything that would validate your opinion . 
   it 's stand on your post history around which sadly i ca n't really prove or quote here but you quite know about yourself enough since you apparently thought best to remove/hide . 
  once again nothing to hide here . 
  i 've said that muslim immigration is the biggest threat to european values of equality between genders , freedom of opinion , freedom of speech etc. 
  i 've said that illegal immigration should be stopped . 
  we should also stop organised crime from taking money from the poor and taking them on not seaworthy boats onto open seas . 
  to deter them from trying to come by sea i 've said that i support shooting at the boats . 
  i 've also said that the gypsy issue that has spread across western europe needs to be addressed . 
  no tell me what exactly there is racist . 
  there it is open for anyone to read . 
  so please come again . 
  you keep on seeing racism everywhere and your attempts to justify this are ludicrous and sad . 
  so please if you can not say anything but the same old yapping about racism , xenophobia and `` stormfront '' do n't say it at all because i do not care what you call me . 
  i 'd also dare to argue that non of the ones you call a racist care what you say . 
  instead you could try to have a debate discussing the actual issue but no , you just resort to the same old bull shit which leads nowhere . 
  it makes everyone reading what you have to say more stupid for having done so . 
   that my be one of my big fault to some degree , true . 
  at least we can agree on something . 
   the fact that i might fuck up does n't mean you are n't talking shit about immigrants constantly then acting like a `` surprised innocent '' . 
  define talking shit . 
  is it shit to want to discuss an issue just because you do n't like that it is being discussed . 
  no it is n't shit . 
  it comes straight back to what you just admitted , that what you are saying are poorly concocted opinions based on feelings . 
  i 'm done talking to you because talking to you is a waste of my and others time . 
  edit : typo, 
   if finland had a serious chance of quitting the eu , would you want an in/out referendum the same day as a general election . 
  yes to be honest . 
  more efficient that way . 
  answer my question . 
   what is it with you people advocating jail time for foreigners just for being foreigners then being surprised when people call you out on your blatant dictionary defined by the book plain old racism ? 
  breaking the law , which entering a country illegally is , should have consequences . 
  either you leave as a free man to where you came from , of you get locked up until you leave . 
  you still have all the power in the world to decide if you want to be locked up or not . 
  nothing racist about that what so ever . 
  it is pure common sense . 
  as with any other crime that has punishments to them who commit it . 
  your argument of it being racist has no logical ground to stand on . 
  it 's just some poorly concocted opinion base on feelings rather than common sense . 
  nothing more . 
  hmmm ... well i 'll let you be somewhat right . 
  i 'm still inclined to say that there could very well be a double vote during the general election . 
  i 'm of course not british so my opinion does n't really matter , 
  honestly would be interesting to see how well this correlates with unemployment . 
  i 'm fairly sure that the reason say spain is so high up is because people have time to be at home doing this . 
  that would mean that at least something good is coming out of this crisis . 
  in todays world i 'm amazed how they think censorship will ever work . 
  ok in countries like north korea where most people do n't even have a computer it works . 
  but just looking at china , it 's not like they are n't surfing the net as normal . 
   i do not believe it 's a coincidence that they resemble the nazi swastika so much . 
  it is n't . 
  at least i do n't get the impression that gd would actively hide it 's political opinions which lean very much towards national socialism . 
  what is it with you people that run around calling anyone that does n't think like you racists , xenophobic or stormfront ? 
  i mean are you seriously so bad at debating that the only thing you can do is this ? 
  mein kampf means nothing to be honest . 
  you can find it in any library and a lot of people have it . 
  hell we had to read it as part of political studies as well as the communist manifesto . 
  i have both at home and i 'm neither a national socialist or a communist . 
  it 's 2014 now so there 's more than enough time to have one in 2015 . 
  people do n't need 2.5 years to debate the issue . 
  the issue has in much been debated non stop on and off for years . 
  besides , does n't the scottish independence referendum only concern the scotts ? 
  i mean in the sense that only the scotts get to vote on it ? 
  edit : you could also do as in other countries to have two votes on the same day . 
  when you vote in the general elections you also vote on the eu . 
  once again the age old debate . 
  as i 've asked before , i 'll ask again . 
  at what point do we ask the question : how is it that one group is so universally hated in almost every country that has a significant minority of gypsies ? 
  is it really such a stretch to ask us this question . 
  as it is n't racist , it is a question that stands like a pink elephant in the room and needs to be addressed . 
  finland has its own gypsies and the problems are the exact same . 
  even if they are given housing , food , education , free healthcare and all social benefits they still are over represented in crime . 
  there 's only 10 000 of them in finland and they represent 20 % of all robberies committed in finland ( source : the national research institute of legal policy , rikollisuustilanne 2012 ) . 
  romanian nationals made up 13 % of the finnish prison population in 2011 . 
  in the same report it is explicitly stated that the big rise of romanian nationals in finnish prisons is linked to the rise of romanian gypsies . 
  romanian nationals are the third largest group of non finnish nationals in finnish prisons . 
  ( source : the national research institute of legal policy , rikollisuustilanne 2012 ) now this is just finland , and i am fairly confident in stating that the results are the same across europe . 
  in the case of finnish gypsies , the argument that they are neglected , and poor does not stand as they get the exact same social welfare benefits as any other finn and they are still over represented in crime compared to the size of their population .
