  now i 'm sure this statement pisses people off , but i 'm just saying that it makes sense why there are some in italy that would like to see a separation of some degree between the north and the south . 
  i sincerely hope a nordic union will happen . 
  that would benefit out countries very much . 
  with our i mean the nordic ones . 
  this is also in a way why i hope that the eu keeps on screwing up as it will cause more friction between the north and we might finally get enough people behind the idea to let go of the eu . 
  point is i never divided it , or posted the map , or talked about religion . 
  the only one here who started talking about religion was / u/modomario no one else . 
  the map may very well be divided by religion as it happens but no one else has said religion is the source for the map but one user . 
  not saying where . 
  just saying what i think . 
  two different things . 
   christmas and easter are also festivities in the orthodox church and your point is ... ? 
  who except you have said anything about the orthodox ? 
  no one , you brought it up . 
  you on your own made this discussion a religious one . 
   your definition of culture follows exact religious borders . 
  i did n't post that map did i ? 
  but i do agree that the countries highlighted in the map are closer to what i see as europe . 
  if it just happens to be so that the border goes as it does , it nothing to do with my perception of a religion . 
   and you 're the one somehow pulling the eu into this i 'm talking about the fact that i do n't see russia as european first and foremost . 
   you 've also not defined why this new group of yours is ` europe ' and what this makes the rest or is this rest just part of this new group we 'll call russia ? 
  it 's not a definition , it 's a statement . 
  you 're seriously the moron here . 
  who the hell mentioned religion . 
  you did !, 
  so stop trying to make it some part of the argument made by others when they never even mentioned it . 
   and i find it pretty bs to define culture solely by religion you 're the only one here who brought religion up . 
  furthermore , if you think religion does n't form culture you have to be ignorant . 
  just take a look at our public holidays , christmas , easter etc. 
  which are a big part of our traditions . 
  they 're all derived from religion . 
  religion is the biggest source of cultural traditions in all countries around the world . 
  but as i say , i do n't give a damn who is orthodox , protestant or catholic , you for some reason brought it up as some part of this discussion . 
   btw if you had n't noticed i was sarcastic about defining it by ethnicity . 
  oh so now your sarcastic . 
  well nice . 
  thing is that you 're the one here that brought references to genetic heritage and religion onto the table . 
  unfortunately for you no one else saw these as a point for discussion . 
  which you probably hoped to happen so that you could draw some hitler-fascist-right-wing-card . 
  as seems to be the standard way to approach people who are n't buying this eu fantasy here on / r/europe . 
   your entire argument neglects that the uk would no longer be part of the single market . 
  sure they would not be part of the eu as is . 
  but they sure as hell would be trading as they 've done until now . 
   second , the wto is a paper tiger . 
  so is the eu  further , how would the financial markets devastate european economies ? 
  financial institutions have enormous leverage compared to any other industry in todays world . 
  if say the eu would set barriers for any trade from the uk to the eu the uk could do the same with financial instruments and that would be an enormous blow . 
  the one who controls the financial centre is the one that dictates the terms in todays world and we 've seen this happen more than once . 
  anyhow ... 
  i know that whatever discussion i start with you it always runs down to an endless beating once head against the wall so i wo n't even bother . 
  i genuinely wish the uk would exit the eu so that for once all these pro-eu fanatics would see that their little union is n't all that mighty . 
  the uk will do more than well without the eu . 
  ukraine is n't in the eu either . 
  obviously two completely different things . 
  but sometimes i wish science would take the front seat . 
   more than 80 % of finnish genes are from a single ancient northeastern european population , while most europeans are a mixture of 3 or more principal components . 
  if we want to go down that road : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finns for me it 's not about genetics it 's about culture . 
  for me , i think estonia was the only country i fully supported to join . 
  i felt , and i could argue that i 've been proven right , that they would fit in just nicely . 
  estonia has progressed in an amazing way to become part of the european community , much more than any other of the eastern states . 
  latvia was a `` maybe '' for me , and it 's not like i see that it has been an issue either . 
  poland and lithuania have done fairly well . 
  although i would not necessarily have supported them to become a part of the union when they did , i felt that given time they would have evolved to a state where it could become an issue worth considering . 
  for the rest of the eastern expansion i was always against and nothing has happened that would have changed my mind to the better . 
  one needs to separate politics , economic and people from the discussion . 
  it easily becomes a discussion that just because someone does n't approve of say romania joining , that i 've got something against romania itself . 
  i do n't . 
  romania is a lovely country and with lovely people , but when it comes to being a member of the eu i do not support it . 
  it 's solely based upon what i see as the long term success of the eu and i believe that with this expansion we set an expiration date on the whole union . 
  edit : and thank you for being open to an actual discussion , 
  i 'm from the nordics , religion here is a non issue when it comes to different forms of christianity . 
  i mean i 'm protestant by birth ( nothing i could decide to be ) and i live with a catholic , so no , orthodox , catholic or protestant is n't something i waste my time on . 
  i myself have n't been to a church in probably 10 years and that was for a wedding . 
  my view on what is europe has nothing to do with christianity or the difference forms of christianity . 
  muslims however have no place in europe . 
  not because of the religion itself , but for the culture that comes with it . 
  as / u/schaumamal says , religion and culture are very closely connected . 
   one part of europe does n't have the exclusive right to decide what 's european and what is n't . 
  because if that 's what you believe in you should be part of that europe . 
  i do not believe that russia is european and we the rest have the full right to decide who is and is n't part of europe . 
  because i think it weakened the union . 
  it brought in countries that are culturally , politically and socio economically too far away from the rest of europe . 
  it does n't mean that i have anything against the countries as such but from a union perspective it was in my and probably many others opinion a bad decision . 
  if we take me as an example , i used to be very much pro eu . 
  i did see a bright future for the union and there was a time where i was even for a federation . 
  that is all gone , nothing left of that sentiment anymore . 
  i feel that the eu went from being something promising to a slowly fading candle . 
  the recent developments have n't given rise to anything that would point to anything else . 
  we have gypsies begging on our streets , we 're suddenly more entangled with the fall out of ussr politics , we have more corruption in the union from member states that joined where eu money is going to the pockets of corrupt officials or organised crime . 
  sure we had problems with that in italy and greece as well but it was still manageable . 
  there is no simple answer to your question as it is a result of many things . 
  i genuinely believe the eu lost a lot of its internal support for an even stronger union through the expansion . 
  the fact that we 're still talking about further expansions just goes to show that the leaders are n't on level with the sentiment of the people , further deepening the hatred towards the eu . 
  this upcoming election will show us exactly how deeply rooted and spread these feelings are . 
  especially in key member states . 
  for the long term survival of the union there 's a few things that could save it : 1 . 
  exclusion of member state and a complete stop to further expansion . 
  will never happen . 
  exclusion of member states . 
  will never happen 3 .
