it doesnt . 
  never is . 
  the eu will quietly ignore their own economic rules like they did with greece then wonder why in a few years time scotland needs a bailout . 
  if you 're on 3 in the uk you 've had this for years and it works in america and some asian countries . 
  was told brexit britain is the most racist , xenophobic , islamophobic place in europe where foreigners are n't welcome ... 
  it 's still net 100k plus . 
  britain manufacturers more now than at any point since 1945 . 
  backfired this a bit op . 
  thought you 'd get some of that easy britain bashing karma . 
  europeans leave , demand outstrips supply , wages go up , europeans return because of the higher wages , supply outstrips demand and we go back to square one . 
  or look at the net migration statistics but whatever, 
  are france the second biggest `` net '' contributors ? 
  unless it 's the eu ... 
  lmao not really . 
  the uk usa trade deal will be completed in no time . 
  it 's the other way round because it 's just uk not the entire eu so compromise will be swift and easier to achieve as there 's no belgium farmers stopping the entire process . 
  no they wo n't . 
  sounds a bit like / r/europe, 
  ffs, 
  bloody foreigners taking and actually using our funny transport names, 
  bit odd germany blacklists turkey but not russia ... 
  100 % correct . 
  theres so many ways to go here idk which to take but you 're wrong ... 
  because teenagers listen to their parents ... 
  with that logic youngers would copy olders and want brexit and not like the eu, 
  europe will never stand up to russia when russia has germany on strings, 
  big daily mail readers 16 year olds ... 
  news just in one random redditors story means uk businesses are slashing their workforce ... 
  ffs you dont actually believe flights will stop between the uk and eu . 
  christ . 
  you just read the title and unsurprisingly wrote an incorrect statement with bad economic news for the uk so unsurprisingly upvotes, 
  irony coming from the french . 
  ahahahahahaha / r/europe can never and will never accept any good news for the uk #bitter, 
  correct . 
  very reassuring for the people , companies and markets if both sides said `` what 's done is done , let 's work together for mutual benefit '' . 
  you 'd think so but they want to punish britain . 
  have people been to southern europe ? 
  especially italy ? 
  i thought rome was a total shit hole . 
  rubbish everywhere , homeless , beggars , people camping in parks . 
  never been asked for money in a queue in mcdonald 's but i was a plenty in italy . 
  a deal that benefits both economically ? 
  doubt it . 
  congratulations that made no sense . 
  because we dont have the empire anymore . 
  you answered your question in your answer . 
  what do you want british mps to do invade india again ? 
  or spain or greece or the migrant crisis . 
  most incompetent in europe ? 
  with the state of spain , italy and greece ? 
  why not let catalonia become independent , if that 's what they want , and instead of punishing them and forcing ever closer union spain respects the decision and spain offers economic deals that benefits both . 
  hopefully catalonian independence slamming into the eu during brexit negotiations . 
  glorious . 
  anti british comments ? 
  welcome to / r/europe and they wonder why we left ... 
  so long as germany says you can , you can , and they have . 
  by the eu giving the uk a good deal because that benefits both sides instead of trying to show other eu countries leave and this happens ? 
  this phenomenal comment has been followed by classic / r/europe comments about how britain is doomed, 
  christ a classic / r/europe comment this . 
  we 're leaving a political union not europe . 
  we have n't towed britain to the coast of new york and burned eu flags . 
  the problems most brits had with the eu were not fixable . 
  so staying and `` changing it from the inside '' as i 've heard countless times was n't an option . 
  it 's a slightly different point the irony being that if they got offered a job in america , canada or australia they 'd be off in a shot . 
  if many highly skilled europeans leave than wages will rocket for those who stay . 
  many then will come over who are n't bothered about brexit knowing in the end it will be fine . 
  then wages will drop . 
  the circle of life . 
  search for japanese banks on there will come up with a post about that japanese bank moving office . 
  if i 'm 13 , which i 'm not , then you are 3 . 
  i pay # 25 a month . 
  unlimited 4g data . 
  unlimited . 
  which works north america , europe , asia and australia . 
  no phone company matches this . 
  not even close . 
  it is free ? 
  called 3 `` feel at home '' ? 
  does n't cost anything and you 're automatically in it . 
  i have it for free with 3 long before the eu did this ? 
  had it before and will have it after lol , good one . 
  ive done this for years , and in america , and in asia / australia because im on 3 . 
  edit . 
  downvotes for facts lmao . 
  british users 3 does `` feel at home '' use whatever you have in the uk abroad . 
  has done for years . 
  finally . 
  well read the comments on this thread and you 'll see why, 
  nice i didnt know this thanks for the link . 
  will do . 
  we 've been talking about the collapse of the nhs since the 80s . 
  still has n't happened . 
  ahahahaha awful when you 're proved wrong ai n't it, 
  will germans be happy to pay ? 
  you 've missed the point entirely . 
  i 'm still struggling to understand what you 're trying to say ? 
  relevance for england ? 
  england par ` ing the spanish armada pre empire starting the ball rolling on england 's start of dominating the seas was pretty relevant . 
  and what ? 
  we were relevant even before the empire .
