  hate the game not the player mate . 
  we have to pay and we should if that means we get a good deal . 
  yep we 'll pay , i hope we offer a generous settlement in order for a free trade deal and a golden egg of a generous settlement means the eu will be more likely to offer us a deal we 'll accept . 
  not as big as the uk to be fair, 
  christ , of course britain could adopt the euro , could adopt the dollar or fucking galactic credits but the people will not accept it . 
  but `` banks are leaving '' ... 
  na thats not true . 
  scotland has had many power devolved . 
  if you like this all power to you man . 
  as a brit i would hate to see the eu flag on the union flag . 
  right . 
  i was baiting you the entire time ready for when you said this . 
  banks are not leaving the uk . 
  what you 're saying is no more banks would exist in the uk as they 've left . 
  what you mean to say is `` banks are moving small numbers of key operations , dependent on eu passporting , out of the uk '' . 
  a process which many banks have planned but many are waiting to see what deal we get whether to actually do it . 
  for example deutsche bank announced a new london hq the day of the brexit result . 
  false observation . 
  rampant youth unemployment ? 
  read the comments below for `` the war is on '' thread is a mess, 
  banks are not leaving . 
  why is this still an argument . 
  wonderful you 've fallen for our ploy i 'm joking please have mercy . 
  christ this is a scary look to the future, 
  then we 'd leave and no matter what people say the eu , especially germany and germany is what matters , does n't want a hard brexit, 
  britain will never accept the euro anyway . 
  i also voted leave because at the time i was in difference circumstances and wanted to last out . 
  course i know leaving will be complex , short term pain would eventually stop , thought may would be a good captain during the negotiations , didnt think the eu would be so difficult . 
  i do n't think she 's in coalition yet . 
  the two biggest parties , tory and labour , are committed to brexit so you ca n't say that . 
  yup i think people massively over estimate how much you average man in the street actually cares and would rather this all goes away . 
  i voted leave but if there was a second vote i 'd vote remain . 
  not because i now like the eu or that i 've given up on leaving but because we 've made such a fucking cluster fuck of leaving . 
  the refugee crisis wouldnt be so severe for europe if merkel hadnt given out an open invitation, 
  na that was merkel, 
  anti american rhetoric in full swing on / r/europe as usual, 
  mate why do you hate britain every comment on different posts is you hating britain ? 
  if the germans will allow the u.k. back that 's all that matters, 
  you 're an idiot, 
  let 's be honest , we only need one country to ok this , the country that runs the eu , germany . 
  and no matter how many frothing at the mouth eu supporting redditors on / r/europe think germany would want a return to the status quo, 
  christ let 's get denmark to apologise for vikings and italy to apologise for the romans ... 
  the myth that britain does n't control its own nuclear weapons is rampant and unkillable on / r/europe any attempt to prove britain does control its own nuclear weapons , which it does , its fact , is downvoted, 
  britain controls trident . 
  we 're really not arsed mate, 
  super exhausting ticking a box ... 
  this . 
  i thought and still do britain has a strong negotiating position but with recent events we 've fucked it all up . 
  i 'd like to leave the eu and join the eea norway style , i think thats the best we can do now . 
  voted leave , would probably go back . 
  lol so what you 're saying is you , a redditor , knows more about nuclear missile technology than the u.s. and u.k. army . 
  if its good enough for american , the worlds # 1 super power , its good enough for me . 
  i was n't bragging about the uk army , dont need to , its quality is world renowned . 
  i was merely defending it against the idea the french is better . 
  which it isnt . 
  no where near . 
  right but article doesnt but the comments on this thread suggest this . 
  agreed but i dont think the eu will ever spend the amount america does and lacks the military experience . 
  another completely pointless point but ok . 
  again another myth which isnt true . 
  https://twitter.com/ukdefjournal/status/872042086102642689 both carriers will have planes . 
  you dont like it because you 're wrong . 
  as i said to another user on this thread you simply dont like the uk and usa so refuse to accept facts . 
  ahahahah this is hilarious . 
  insults because i proved you wrong . 
  again what im saying is , ready , please read this time , britain has the same quality not quantity as america . 
  again arguing points i havent made im not talking about the big 3 or india . 
  lol you 're wrong this is a common myth https://ukdefencejournal.org.uk/no-america-doesnt-control-britains-nuclear-weapons/ i know / r/europe does n't like the uk and america but at least get your facts right . 
  your response is as stupid . 
  please point out where i said the uk has the same numbers , waiting , ah you ca n't because i did n't . 
  the uk has the same quality in the eyes of america . 
  british army , royal marines , special forces are some of the best in the world and clearly best in europe . 
  completely irrelevant point well done . 
  never said it was . 
  what i 'm saying is its people are . 
  there 's only 1 global superpower this thread is a mess, 
  state of this thread . 
  europe will never compete with america on power . 
  ever . 
  this comment is based in total ignorance . 
  the french have one 1990s carrier . 
  britain is about to complete two state of the art carriers . 
  the reason why the americans work so closely with britain apart from language and cultural reasons is that we have the only armed forces on the same quality level as america . 
  agreed their will be people angry but i think it wont be as big a problem if we get eea access . 
  i believe the uk will accept fom in the deal . 
  i wish the uk post brexit adopts a similar approach to the eu. ,, 
  i 'm on 3 . 
  i get roaming in many counties around the world thrown in . 
  lmao, 
  its / r/europe they think europe and the eu is the same and leaving a political union is like leaving europe . 
  it 's really not, 
  course not ... 
  britain will be fine, 
  and the other feeding hand is leaving the eu, 
  you 're all going to hate it when britain slashes tax to lure companies from ireland to the u.k. 
  / r/europe has descended into a trade deal pissing match, 
  americans get it , british get , europeans dont , that the british military may not be the biggest but its one of the best in the world . 
  its / r/europe they 're very dramatic and defensive about the eu . 
  its really not what a fucking stupid attitude . 
  `` also our media love him more than us media does '' you can upvote this guy because you 're desperate for this statement to be true , brexit and trump are our enemies etc , but its simply not .
