  cough please sir what about britain joining ? 
  to be fair if you are italian mocking the british economy is beyond ironic . 
  we 've been a relevant island for over 500 years . 
  leaving the eu will not change this . 
  * built its fortune by naval force *, 
  have n't you read on / r/europe all the banks will leave london ... 
  it 's almost like britain will pay the black hole figure in order for a good deal ... people over analyse constantly . 
  second largest net contributor is leaving . 
  leaves a hole in the budget . 
  people do n't like paying more . 
  people do n't like getting less . 
  britain will pay in order for others not to pay more and receive less in exchange for a good deal . 
  average man on the street , companies , governments it does n't matter it always comes down to money . 
  people refer to 350m on the bus for the nhs . 
  that article refers to paying the eu 350m a week . 
  therefore it proves nothing . 
  ah hearsay and no concrete sources . 
  wonderful . 
  can you get me snippets saying `` i voted to leave so we can get 350m , like that bus said , to the nhs ? '', 
  no , no you cant . 
  minuscule if not any amounts . 
  do you have proof people believed it ? 
  it 's laughable people think people actually thought this was true, 
  bad economic news for the u.k. is always upvoted . 
  good economic news is not . 
  near the top comment on this thread is a joke about the 350m . 
  any bad economic news it upvoted to the top . 
  see japanese banks leaving . 
  see deutsche bank not upvoted because that 's good news . 
  note any post on a thread that defends britain or criticises the eu is downvoted . 
  i believe reading many posts on / r/europe as i come from / r/ukpolitics eastern europeans will know this as many comments regarding this eastern europe eu situation are downvoted if they do n't support the eus stance . 
  edit : see japanese eu trade deal upvoted . 
  japan seeks u.k. trade deal . 
  not upvoted perfect example . 
  i was more angling towards britain being a more friendly place for business than the eu however i take your point . 
  ive said nothing retarded or moronic . 
  ive said something people dont agree with yet clearly has some seed of truth otherwise it wouldnt be so downvoted . 
  upvoting any bad british economic news and downvoting any good economic news for the uk , because you 're all bitter , is just the sort of stupid practice i 'd expect to see from / r/europe, 
  banks arent moving from britain . 
  they 're moving small numbers to gain access to passporting . 
  you probably havent heard because whenever good bank eu news happens its downvoted . 
  because this sub is bitter . 
  deutsche bank announced a new london hq on the day of the brexit result . 
  they 've also announced they 're going to buy london office buildings for $ 395 million quoting `` despite brexit , london is and remains one of the most attractive locations for real estate investments in europe , '' britain will get access to the single market . 
  how am i rendering my own argument moot ? 
  we wouldnt fine them . 
  any country on the planet has access to the single market . 
  if you think britain wo n't in a deal you 're mad . 
  top professor of kek economics . 
  why else do american tech giants hq in london ? 
  why go the eu when they know they 're not wanted . 
  course it matters whenever banks move from london it 's a circle jerk on the front page of / r/europe 2 . 
  britain will get access from the deal . 
  just do what the tax dodging companies do in ireland and set up small subsidiaries in eu countries for access . 
  britain will get access from the deal . 
  just do what the tax dodging companies do in ireland and set up small subsidiaries in eu countries for access . 
  great advertisement for brexit . 
  headquarter in london , u.s. tech firms , like google has . 
  we wo n't fine you . 
  you 're welcome here . 
  edit . 
  the bites are hilarious . 
  do n't like it do you / r/europe . 
  bad economic news for britain voted top of the page . 
  bad economic news for europe and downvoted . 
  edit 2 . 
  please keep downvoting it shows how you know deep down im right . 
  submit good u.k. economic news , no upvotes . 
  submit bad economic news ( as if this would even happen ) front page . 
  thank god we 're leaving the eu with the state of / r/europe, 
  we do control our own nuclear weapons . 
  quick someone post about how the uk doesnt control its own nuclear weapons ... 
  so nato ? 
  not as good as frances single 1990s carrier a zealot / r/europe redditor told me lmao, 
  yes you will . 
  people on steroids who do n't train gain more muscle than those who are n't on steroids who do train . 
  downvoted because of the level of indoctrination caused by the fitness industry . 
  you can gain muscle while on steroids without stepping foot in the gym . 
  or steroids ... 
  also note how this post hasnt been up voted because its not bad economic news for the uk . 
  if you think you just open some offices and can replicate a global financial centre , like london , which took decades you 're mad . 
  `` london is the financial capital of the world largely because of tradition ( the british empire and all that jazz ) . 
  there is absolute nothing special about it . 
  british are now starting to learn it hard way . 
  being inside the second largest economy in the world has its perks '' probably the dumbest comment on this thread . 
  only retards say banks are leaving . 
  article 50 does n't mean we ca n't stop brexit . 
  political parties will change any policy if it gets votes . 
  if the public opinion changes to wanting to stay blow me down politicians will say let 's stay . 
  * if * the uk leaves, 
  with everything coming out idk how people think we will actually leave and i voted leave . 
  i guess you did n't see that thread on / r/europe about how the german minister said `` three quarters of germany 's refugees will still be unemployed in five years ' time '' . 
  it 's been a total disaster for germany . 
  u.k. government listened ? 
  from the top comment of +34 to this at -14 lol, 
  excellent post . 
  what 's your opinion on what the uk did not taking that many economic migrants and instead pumped money into the refugee camps in turkey syria etc ? 
  on top of paying for greece, 
  left wing daily mail for you, 
  it is when the eu knows the uk will walk costing them billions .
