  good luck when companies move from ireland for the lower tax, 
  looking forward to the uk slashing taxes and taking all the business if we dont get a deal . 
  excellent push them towards the uk, 
  they 're supported on one sole reason of independence . 
  the world is far more peaceful https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbuuw9i-mhs&amp;ab_channel=kurzgesagt%e2%80%93inanutshell, 
  and we 're probably going to see the snp lose seats this election to the tories so you 're right . 
   it didnt come out of spite to the english the whole snp movement is based on spite . 
  they get half if back in farming subsidies, 
  ahahahahaha what an awful argument . 
  we 're the second largest net contributor . 
  suck me off . 
  aahahahahaha england always has and always will be bigger than france . 
  you were having a go at the uk because you lot are obsessed . 
  how are we a hermit kingdom ? 
  bit awkward when britains gdp growth is higher than finlands, 
  higher gdp this year and predicted next than germany . 
  you cunt . 
  this sub is known for the eu fanboy morons . 
  mostly from britain and germany ... 
  unless you 're young then you 're unemployed, 
  tbf once the roman empire collapsed , so did the romans , british empire has collapsed , and we 're still here . 
  we 've voted to leave a european union not europe . 
  you eu zealots need to calm the fuck down . 
  this was interesting thank you . 
  tbf we did invent the modern world . 
  we 're also used to it , envy and all . 
  agreed . 
  this is the dumbest thing ive read all week on here . 
  best thing ive ever read on / r/europe, 
  ahahahahaha ive shown , with facts , where economists predicting the future were wrong . 
  you have no facts and are reduced to insults . 
  well done . 
  ah trying to make a joke because you have no comeback . 
  well done . 
  well the eu has just demanded 100 billion euros . 
  which is fucking outrageous . 
  irrelevant no one knows what will happen . 
  what i do know is not joining the euro was going to wreck britain . 
  didnt happen . 
  voting leave would cause immediate financial chaos . 
  didnt happen . 
  its insulting they 've literally just shat on our door step . 
  did you enjoy the movie ? 
  i thought it was better than the first . 
  and we can ban european planes from british airspace . 
  will take the risk in order not to give 100 billion to the mafia . 
  agreed, 
  luckily economists are always right when predicting the future ... 
  did they get diane abbott to do the maths on this too ... 
  `` all tv networks are required to be impartial '' no . 
  they take sides all the time . 
  you are correct on the new european but as ive shown more media outlets were remain / impartial than leave therefore you 're wrong . 
  the spectator has writers that are both remain and leave . 
  this redditor being downvoted proves how fucking bizarre this sub is . 
  sunderland relies heavily on the eu market for jobs . 
  yet they voted leave . 
  why the fuck is this redditor being downvoted . 
  you can quote wikipedia all you want i live in the uk and see it all . 
  main tv news bbc - impartial itv - impartial 4 - remain 5 - impartial sky - impartial the spectator - impartial newspapers guardian - remain mirror - remain indepedent - remain i - remain new european - remain daily star - tits you do not know what you 're talking about . 
  no because people on this sub dont like to hear alternate views on their beloved eu . 
  i mean take brexit . 
  britain is leaving the eu . 
  a political economic union . 
  we 're not leaving europe . 
  which we did through a democratic vote and people threw their toys out the fucking pram about it here . 
  british people hate europeans , british people are stupid , constant comments like that . 
  if this post gains any traction i will be downvoted . 
  99 % of comments on / r/europe that arent pro eu are downvoted . 
  i believe theres a huge section of england that are anti eu before , during and after the vote . 
  long before media were droning on about brexit . 
  and its not all media . 
  if anything theres more pro eu media than against . 
  a variety of factors outlined here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hw81rz4z6jq&amp;t=74s&amp;ab_channel=theguardian but basically people are so fed up with life and not being heard they lashed out . 
  no , i meant old as in `` that old line '' or `` that old joke '' . 
  ah yes the old british people are stupid and were tricked by the media line, 
  this sub wont like what he 's saying, 
  you 're wasting your time arguing on / r/europe they 're delusional, 
  no one cares, 
  dont be jealous the falklanders want to be british . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  by your logic any country not in the eu , so the world , hates europeans . 
  / r/ukpolitics is slightly more balanced than / r/unitedkingdom . 
  yes, 
  are you on about / r/unitedkingdom ? 
  because that sub hates brexit and britain more than / r/europe, 
  firstly i never backed them secondly its an irrelevant point . 
  hungary and poland are happening now , they are fact , and counter the idea the eu are together when you are clearly not . 
  you 're divided over them . 
  imagine what happens when the biggest divider of them all , money , enters the picture . 
  like with hungary and poland ... once the negotiations begin and money is discussed , some countries will lose more than others , the seeds of disunity will be sowed , countries will break ranks and start to bargain , eastern states will miss the second largest net contributor , germany and france will be asked to pay more by them which they will refuse and a deal will be struck . 
  add in second largest net contributor . 
  largest military and the northern eu states biggest ally in pushing for a free market eu . 
  like with hungary and poland ... 
  eu summed up here `` now we have to make sure that you 're not a worse problem outside than you were inside the eu . 
  how will the uk behave is the real question really . 
  friend or foe ? '', 
  we 're leaving a union not europe . 
  the disdain europeans had for the british is obvious . 
  good luck with the eu without britain . 
  you 'll need it .
