i get some things just do n't mix with some people , but its just mind boggling to me to come to paris and be absolutely blown away by everything . 
  i do n't really see how that 's particulary a great thing ? 
  i 'm from ireland and we 'd do this when the weather 's good but sitting in a cafe and relaxing with great ambience was fantastic . 
  paris is one of my favourite places to visit . 
  he came across quite realistic . 
  thanks , this is a very interesting find . 
  definitely . 
  i 'm not saying they did n't play a huge role , but not the sole blame . 
  all in all , they 're assholes on a massive scale . 
  partly responsible . 
  partly . 
  there 's nothing wrong with praising two brave people . 
  that 's brilliant . 
  absolutely brilliant . 
  that 's fair points , but i would n't jump to compare us to nazis that 's quite a leap to make . 
  every single news article that leans either way has used that technique too , are they nazis ? 
  and this is the truth , whereas nazis spinned lies . 
  so not comparable . 
  we should n't let them in like this . 
  they should apply via refugee standard protocols . 
  they go through different safe countries and think that 's okay . 
  it 's not . 
  you escape a terrible war and go through various safe countries for what reason ? 
  what reasons are there that are not really linked to money ? 
  why exactly is that fair ? 
  you escape war zones and travel thousands of uneccesary kilometers to get to europe 's richest countries . 
  why bring up democracy in this case either ? 
  we will be imposing democracy on them too , do n't forget . 
  do n't just assume they 'll be fine with it , it 's going to be a shock to people coming over . 
  it does n't matter . 
  these are different locations and the fact that it looks like a few thousand are at it is cause for concern . 
  do n't dismiss any of this , it 's quite serious . 
  poles complain because they hear about scumbags coming to europe and ruining it for real refugees . 
  it 's a relatively small population that does the damage but it 's significant . 
  take that plus the fact that there 's a history of no integration and a large amount remain unemployed for years and you can see why many do n't want that burden . 
  you 're demonising them and dismissing it all . 
  lol . 
  except they are n't . 
  i stated how we are , the main poster who replied agreed that we do n't seem to care and that confirmed it . 
  i 'm aware it 's a sensitive topic , i stated how most people feel down here and i will never say something to be a cunt . 
  someone from another country asked how do * i * feel as part of the republic and then loads of people jumped down my neck . 
  i will never apologise for having that opinion . 
  autocorrect , but you spelt it wrong first . 
  no double e. 
  they 're northerners . 
  i 'm done , so goodbye , i 'm not arsed constantly replying to people calling me `` freestater , west brit , kill yourself , should 've died in the civil war , cunt , insert any other idiotic claim '' . 
  simple fact is , can identify as irish , but to a lot of us , northern irish are northern irish . 
  excuse my ignorance , i am only used to being called irish . 
  ftfy . 
  and yet you want to identify with us ? 
  wow . 
  yup . 
  if you go back to my original comments before you got offended and jumped on it , i said we consider you guys as being a different country and you 're northern irish . 
  oh wow someone is offended , commenting on multiple posts . 
  no mental gymnastics here . 
  if i moved to northern ireland , away from the republic of ireland and had children there , they 'd be northern irish and british born . 
  it 's really not that difficult of a concept , i do n't tie my self worth to my nationality . 
  northern irish and british , scottish and british , welsh and british and english and british . 
  it 's really that simple , if you 're part of the uk , you 're part of the uk . 
  i do n't know if you know much about britain and are one of the many who actually confuse it with being english , but its a collection of the countries . 
  hence * united * kingdom . 
  ireland is not part of that . 
  the difference between an irishman , like any other nationality , is where you were born . 
  that 's legit it . 
  they 'd be northern irish if i moved there and had them ? 
  and no . 
  scottish people are both scottish and british ? 
  do n't see how that 'd be difficult . 
  yes sudan as a country ceased to exist when it was split , that is a fact . 
  it 's not on maps anymore , the two countries were split from it . 
  so if i go over to america , have my kids there with a fellow irish woman , despite the fact they 'd get an irish passport through me , does that mean they 're irish , despite the fact that they 're born and raised in america ? 
  also , statistically speaking there are far more who identify as northern irish and british than irish https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/people_of_northern_ireland#cite_note-dc2106nia-6 . 
  case in point is that although you can consider yourself irish , if you 're born in northern ireland , you 're northern irish , just like if you were born anywhere else in the entire world , you 'd be a different nationality . 
  they 're northern irish and i am irish . 
  if they were somehow united with us , they 'd be irish then . 
  but they 're not . 
  i was not aware that you meant your grandparents were born pre-independence , it was n't clear at all , that 's why i said that . 
  i 'm not saying you 're not irish . 
  you 're irish , because you 're part of the republic . 
  they 're northern irish because they 're part of northern ireland/uk . 
  you 're not . 
  that is literally as simple as it gets . 
  it does n't matter if you share more things in common with those in derry . 
  that 's like comparing myself to someone from kerry - we 're nothing alike , except we 're part of the republic and we 're irish . 
  it 's not a difficult concept . 
  borders are real . 
  just because there 's no distinguishing feature , does n't mean anything . 
  they were born british then if they were born in british ireland . 
  do you see a common word there . 
  british . 
  and partition did n't change anything for the 6 counties ? 
  it did indeed . 
  i 'm not allowed to say i 'm irish and you 're northern irish because i 'm from an actual part of the republic of ireland ? 
  i really do n't understand that . 
  by that logic , i 'm not allowed to talk about anything that does n't concern just my region . 
  i 'll go as far to say leinster . 
  lol . 
  oh i should be killed for having a different opinion , such a true , freed from oppression country , mo chara . 
  my great-great-grandparents were born in ireland in the time where ireland was part of britian . 
  so they were irish , but british , in the same sense that scottish people are both scottish and british .
