  why is this different ? 
  i think it 's more along the lines of people escaping ( let 's pretend they 're all `` refugees '' ) and coming here for our help and give them a good life . 
  then they form gangs , invade a person and destroy them for life and then they get off scot free . 
  it 's a despicable crime made worse when they come and add nothing to the society but take away from it . 
  the real refugees that are families , women and children at risk are getting fucked over these young men doing whatever they want . 
  i know a lot . 
  mostly older crowd but there 's plenty who do n't eat it , ever . 
  then we 'd have people who once supported this decision declare outrage and say we never should have gone when the inevitable death toll climbs . 
  i agree with you , i 'm just saying people are fickle . 
  this sounds suspiciously like an irishman ... 
  i think we 're fine now . 
  back about 30 - early 80s this country was a shithole . 
  we do n't enforce this . 
  nope . 
  i 'm saying our politicians spanning decades were in shambles . 
  i studied irish political and economic history . 
  they fucked up . 
  there was nothing wrong with being in the commonwealth , it was an association of all the countries once ruled by the uk , including canada and australia . 
  not part of the uk . 
  i do n't think you know what you 're talking about and you 're just trying to get a rise out of me . 
  i also do n't care if you sling shit like westbrit , does n't mean anything . 
  the jews were n't involved in widespread crime . 
  there 's a worringly significant portion , as seen in the cologne and other nye attacks . 
  you do n't know much about the commonwealth do you ? 
  former catholic here , still think its retarded . 
  in 1949 the republic of ireland would n't have had anything negative associated with the commonwealth . 
  yup . 
  personally find it retarded . 
  our politics were a mess for years . 
  nothing would have been wrong being in the commonwealth . 
  in europe the left is not seen as `` hippies '' . 
  guarantee you , there would be something set up that would be similar to how it is now . 
  we 're mutually beneficial to one another to a large degree and there is a relatively special relationship there . 
  knew this as soon as i saw the street . 
  holy shit , how obscure . 
  there 's very little grassroots for anything in ireland . 
  there 's absolutely fuck all . 
   10-20 % i 'd actually agree with you , as ridiculous as it sounds . 
  majority of people say they believe in something . 
  i 'd say a lot are agnostic or just do n't believe . 
  how far it 's fallen . 
  i was born in the early 90 's out of wedlock . 
  priests refused to baptize me because i was a bastard child . 
  our refugee centers are shitholes and it 's been a dirty little secret for years . 
  many are stuck in limbo . 
  it was mainly down to socioeconomic and political discrimination against catholics and constant backlash between the two communities . 
  very rare to find a catholic back then who was a unionist and a protestant who was a republican . 
  that being said , us down south now look at it as being ridiculous . 
  mainly my generation . 
  my grandfather is completely on one side and i just view it as one sad mess with lots of influencing factors but there was real discrimination . 
  the gray vote is powerful . 
  if the gay marriage vote was a rough indicator though , i 'd say the power is waning . 
  oh my god . 
  hahahahaha . 
  you do realise i was sarcastic . 
  like how old neville appeased hitler ? 
  so ... we appease them ? 
  not in comparison to democracies . 
  they can take a far longer time to come about properly . 
  taking a country who 's political structure is based around dictatorship and suddenly clearing that away within a decade and putting something in place that they 're not used to and have no faith in working is a disaster . 
  this is just america to just this organisation . 
  there 's a mentality here in ireland that we do n't want anymore money than we do now . 
  they tried to get us to pay for our water for example . 
  that did n't end well at all . 
  now there 's a growing dissatisfaction when there 's talk of increasing anything , compared to years back when we would just take it . 
  if you read my tag its ireland . 
  our petrol is at $ 1.39 iirc . 
  it 's mostly tax anyway , so take into account i may be biased with my country here . 
  i 'm not saying they have n't done enough . 
  i think they 've done more than their fair share by far , although they 're slowing down entry now , too right , they ca n't afford it , their water scarcity issues are huge and their unployment rate is at 20 % iirc . 
  i think it 's important to note that they do get massive amounts of aid for it though . 
  that being said , i think it 's imperative that if someone talks about a topic , they need to know what they 're talking about . 
  that 's all i meant by that comment . 
  the financial requirements for unhcr 's operation in lebanon continue to increase , in line with population trends and greater vulnerabilities resulting largely from the syrian refugee influx : from usd 13.7 million in 2011 to a revised budget of usd 471.9 million in 2014 . 
  for 2015 , the budget is set at usd 556.8 million , largely to respond to the syria situation . 
  in light of the evolving situation in the syrian arab republic and in iraq , any changes in requirements will be presented in the 2015 regional refugee and resilience plan ( 3rp ) for the syria situation and in a supplementary appeal for the iraq situation . 
  they get a huge , humongous amount of aid to support those refugees . 
  they would n't be able to if they did n't . 
  they 're not exactly going it to be kind . 
  i 'm on my mobile , i 'll search for a link in a bit . 
  not easily , though . 
  `` i ai n't doing that '' - rest of europe, 
  i do n't think you realise they get massive amounts of aid for that ? 
  i 'm 21 , finishes the lc back in 2012 . 
  irish is taught absolutely shockingly . 
  i self-taught because it 's mindless repetition and constant `` how do you not know this , this is primary school stuff '' . 
  it 's not . 
  we were taught to just repeat phrases over and over again . 
  i detest irish as a result . 
  brought back the horror of irish classes ... 
  i recognised it was japanese i just love how i have absolutely no idea what it means and it looks beautiful haha . 
  dated a german girl once . 
  only interaction i had with an actual german apart from my friends odd father . 
  she was one of the loveliest people i 've ever met . 
  quite genuine , lovely and warm . 
  what is the beautiful gobbly goop ? 
  i really like irelands name , thanks , that 's interesting . 
  i 'd say not . 
  british people would write it as 0.17 not 0,17 . 
   a country with no immigration ?
