  lay off him . 
  he 's clearly from north korea . 
  true words . 
  i think even though my religion as a former roman catholic is nonsense , he preaches good messages that will help turn ignorant attitudes aside . 
  you can judge the religion , but the mans good . 
  which one ? 
  is n't that due to severe sanctions ? 
  babaca ... 
  it 's not like boom you cross the border and suddenly everyone 's protestant . 
  it 's all over the place and the populations of each are relatively close to each other . 
  oh , oh , do me , do me !, 
  interesting ... 
  thank you for sharing this . 
  so if it is directly say from algeria , they would be turned around ? 
  i do n't believe we can , watching a documentary of the greek coastguard that was looking for syrian refugees , it appears that they can not enter turkish waters and when they leave , they must take them in . 
  i 'm willing to concede to this if i 'm wrong , as it was just one documentary . 
  unfortunately , it goes against european law , although personally , i agree with you . 
  it 's time for change . 
   members of staff who could discipline the trouble maker boys at my school were the hard-asses who asserted their authority in the classroom , and were n't afraid to berate the kid for poor behaviour described my catholic school all boys education . 
  i 'm 21 right now and i loved my education , they were tough only when they needed to be on the bad lads . 
  my school type is sort of dying out , but iirc , we were a leading school in terms of much better than average grades . 
  so it 's okay to show the unfortunate and tragic death of a child washed up on a beach , but it 's bad to show what these people are fleeing from and potentially what 's coming into the country ? 
  huh . 
  that 's a really nice perspective to have . 
  i 've family down in cork and kerry and they have the same opinion as me more or less on irish , but i guess that is n't a representative of everyone . 
  thanks for taking the time to write that . 
  countryside , bordering county to dublin is all i 'm comfortable saying on here . 
  west coast , sure , massive differences . 
  not terribly populated though . 
  i am willing to concede to the history , but after cromwell , irish was dying , especially where i 'm from . 
  be is a remnant of a language , but that 's not the language . 
  basque is a region that wants to seccede away from spain because culturally you 're different . 
  a lot of you actively still speak the language . 
  here ? 
  culturally although nobody likes to admit it , we are similar to britain . 
  we have , as part of our culture , been speaking english as a primary language for about 400 years . 
  it 's a dead language that nobody speaks except for a few thousand in the west . 
  i do n't have an identity crisis . 
  i know i am irish . 
  i do n't need someone to say , oh , you do n't speak your own language , you 're not irish . 
  i do speak my own language , it 's english . 
  it has been my country 's language for centuries . 
  people are too sensitive about preserving an ideal , rather than looking at things that are really relevant . 
  it 's not my culture . 
  it 's a school subject and nothing more . 
  nobody speaks it except in school . 
  all my known ancestors have spoken english and english only . 
  irish has always been on the sidelines for hundreds of years . 
  that 's ancient history now . 
  culture changes and adapts , i refuse to live up to this hype of `` it 's our culture , you 're wrong for having your opinion and you should learn a useless language that makes us feel good about being irish , even though you 're irish and nothing will ever change that '' . 
  there 's one television channel and one radio station . 
  nobody really cares , they all pretend to do . 
  you can see the down votes i got on here , people have a sort of national pride about it , but do n't bother their asses . 
  to me , that 's bullshit and the notion is good but in practice they 're hypocrites . 
  exactly . 
  exactly . 
  its not my culture , nobody around me speaks it , it 's only generally spoken in school . 
  it 's a school subject , nothing more . 
  people got butthurt because a lot of people do n't feel irish and want anything to hang onto . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  at least a lot of people in your country would speak finnish everyday , yes ? 
  irish is literally okay go to school and slowly drown in misery for 40 minutes and then do n't think about it until the next day . 
  it is . 
  but then the education system to teach it is more about rote learning that anything practical . 
  literally they wanted you to learn the language by basically repeating words over and over and hoping you know what they mean . 
  sentence structure is odd and takes a long time to get right , especially when they do n't teach you that well . 
  i stressed myself out an extreme amount years ago to learn it . 
  i taught myself from scratch because the teachers just do n't teach it well . 
  i used to love irish . 
  i used to want to speak it . 
  and then i went to the school . 
  for comparison , i learnt french for five years compared to 13 for irish . 
  i have far more french than irish . 
  that 's sad but i 'm glad i do n't speak it . 
  it 's nice and everything , i can understand whatever anyone says , but personally i have little desire to speak it . 
  plus the education system does suck . 
  i know far more french than irish . 
  huh . 
  i have never really compared the two groups , that is an interesting way of looking at it . 
  did ... did you just actually talk about a common saying and genuinely think that he actually meant bronze age ? 
  wow . 
  you speak like its piss easy to change people 's minds . 
  i envy your worldview . 
  reported crime maybe . 
  huh . 
  thanks for taking the time to explain that , that clears that up . 
  but is n't france too huge and important to boycott ? 
  can someone explain to me why they would cut german relations ? 
  is there anything like that in russia though ? 
  or is it just autonomous states or something ? 
  people can accuse you all you want . 
  all i care about is that you shared this information and i thank you for that . 
  you 're talking about what 's happening now . 
  he 's predicting what will happen . 
  make your own man . 
  i make a salad that 's absolutely delicious . 
  i get the ingredients in aldi and i think they 're the same here as they are there . 
  lettuce , baby potatoes , chorizo sliced up , beetroot and tomatoes with a low fat dressing . 
  it makes me obsessed and its very healthy . 
  i also make soups out of lentils .
