  full of fibre and protein and its dirt cheap . 
  boil the lentils in water with a stock cube and put in pepper and chilli salt and its to die for . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  nope . 
  nope , nope , nope . 
  wrong . 
  in a lot of areas , sure , but a lot are still crappy . 
  i do n't think there is anything bad about this . 
  rather than hide the fact that this is an unfortunate sexual orientation and pretend it does n't exist , this is trying to tackle it before it happens . 
  i think that 's the best case i 've ever heard , rather than throwing them in jail * after * the rape or abuse of a poor child . 
  depends . 
  where i went to school both primary and secondary lacked a lot of facilities . 
  i remember in primary school , having 35 people per class and that was normal . 
  i remember thinking it was packed , as the classes were small enough . 
  i absolutely hate the rote learning aspect of my whole education . 
  when i got to college , it was great . 
  interactive learning , some continual assessment , we were more engaged . 
  i get my college fees paid , some maintenance to survive a bit and i 'm very grateful . 
  do n't come here so . 
  10 ... christ . 
  easy , kiwi . 
  nailed it on the head . 
  it 's only recently gotten chilly here . 
  i have far more sympathy for the homeless than these people in tents . 
  the scale of it only really came about in the past 10 years . 
  we lazily identify as catholic when in reality the people who are actually practicing catholic was around 45 % with attendance hovering around 30 % every week , iirc . 
  i read that in a newspaper somewhere , i 'll try to find more info . 
  irelands not that religious anymore . 
  ever since the priest scandals , a lot of people dropped their faith . 
  going to church is fairly rare for a significant portion of the population now , in my experiences . 
  yup disgustingly nice is definitely accurate . 
  they are really that genuinely nice and it 's really refreshing . 
  i find the culture a bit sad in regards to the women not really being able to talk to us . 
  in regards to the goat , it 's strange to us , but that 's halal . 
  it 's sad to me , but it 's how it goes for muslims . 
  irish here . 
  have plenty of black friends and am even dating one , they mix very well and there 's no problems generally , other than a minority . 
  the parents can be strict , the girls parents i date are wary of her having guy friends and the father would apparently be disgusted if she dated an white guy . 
  mothers more tolerant i think . 
  to be honest , i know very few muslims , all exclusively men . 
  they 're nice , very nice , but they do n't really mix with us . 
  i know them to say hello , but that is it really . 
  these are my personal experiences , i 'd imagine it is much more complex and varied . 
  they go there for the lifestyle but do n't want the change . 
  it was really strange to me visiting spain and seeing traditional english pubs serving the same food and drink you 'd get in britain . 
  i ate in the spanish restaurants and it was the best food i 'd ever had , hands down . 
  getting a small spanish beer , eating the wonderful tapas that came free with it , was much better . 
  this is n't meant to be hostile to muslims . 
  i mean , really ? 
  * really ? 
  i 'm so eagar for your response to the one below . 
  in ireland , you can have a quick exchange of nonsense and we 'll know exactly what you mean . 
  `` ah sure , you know , ah yeah , ha , ah , grand yeah '' . 
  i 'm not saying you 're not welcome or anything , but you do n't understand the situation as well as these people and to try and say you know better in this thread is just going to cause an inflammatory effect . 
  at least it was n't alcoholics , gingers or potatoes . 
  do you actually think it was germany who crippled their economies ? 
  please . 
  they 're run so goddamn inefficiently i 'm surprised they did n't burn sooner . 
  me too man . 
  there 's always one . 
  do n't bother man . 
  he 's a troll who argues over stupid points . 
  ignore him . 
  i do n't think you 're following anything i 'm saying , so goodbye . 
  you 're clearly an argumentative person for the sake of it and i really do n't care to indulge that . 
  i 'm talking about the way he is choosing to go about this he is leaning to one side , he will present one argument and wo n't show the negative aspects . 
  if he chooses that way , he can not be unbiased . 
  if you want to argue about language , i really do n't care . 
  i 'm saying they can choose to . 
  there 's a difference between choosing and doing . 
  anything is possible . 
  but he can not , based on his goals and how he chooses to implement them . 
  no need to call me an idiot or i have an agenda , i have neither problems , thank you . 
  yup . 
  he 's choosing one side . 
  he 's not looking to highlight the negative and positive aspects , he 's solely putting his view to changing opinion by presenting only positive aspects . 
  he can not be objective if that 's his goal . 
  he needs to present all aspects and let the people decide . 
  yup . 
  how does that relate to this ? 
  how so ? 
  i imagine you 're going to disregard anything that is in any way negative as being `` just one person or `` just one group '' or `` just one refugee settlement '' involved in something . 
  we need coverage . 
  we need transparency . 
  we need good and bad elements in an unbiased project like you 're undertaking . 
  you can not be just overwhelmingly one sided , you must present both sides . 
  otherwise you lose credibility in my eyes . 
  if we hear that charity organisations in italy are encouraging a raped woman to not report the crime , that is going to increase fear , for example . 
  it might be isolated incidences but that is gross negligence and promotes the idea that refugees first , citizens second . 
  i 'm not saying that 's how it is , i 'm just saying that 's the perception . 
  we need every single detail to keep us informed . 
  / r/europe might present the bad sides , but it seems to be the only place reporting any of these issues going on , while the actual media is tearing anyone apart who does n't necessarily want rampant , uncontrolled and unprecedented migration into their countries . 
  ** e ** : downvote all you want man , i said what i had to say . 
  most british food is shite . 
  there 's a few dishes i love , we share a lot of meals that you have , but i 'd much rather european food . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you , i 'm just saying that picking on the food being better is absolutely ridiculous . 
  we do n't necessarily like travellers here , but what a horrible waste of life . 
  terrible . 
  we do n't need propaganda , which is essentially what you 're trying to promote . 
  we do n't need bias .
