i think that 's only for linking to their sub . 
  the location code for telephone numbers . 
  those codes are sometimes used as a synonym for the proper city names . 
  noone else will finance my drugs and partying sadly . . 
  do n't forget about [ dode hond ( dead dog ) ] ( http://nl.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/de_dode_hond ), 
  or sometimes we seem to have extended our borders 50 km into the sea . 
  christmas ? 
  that 's another holiday , although they have similar roots ... secondly i feel the majority 's opinion at this point is to just do something and be over with it . 
  this subject is getting so tiresome ... 
  it is on the african plate , so we might aswell count it as africa !, 
  an apple equals like 50 kcal . 
  you surely will get fat with a 5000 kcal diet . 
  every last day of the year some comedian will do a show on national television about the past year . 
  if i recall it correctly the theme , a few years ago , was something like `` stop complaining , because we have it so good in this country '' . 
  it was in the middle of the financial crisis . 
  they announced stuff we score great at , only to discover we were second after finland of each of those areas . 
  and when they found something we scored better at , it was something negative . 
  most of the humor gets lost in translation though . . 
  that is one horrible graph . 
  football supporters provoking eachother . 
  what 's new ? 
  that what never happened ... 
  please use / r/thenetherlands instead of / r/netherlands . 
  the latter has been taken over by some ` trolling ' kids . 
  this sounds like a joke that got lost in translation somehow . . 
  what 's up with the little guy ? 
  you spot a beaver with a duck 's beak and you decide to name it a platypus , because it also happens to have flat feet ? 
  that seems like the least remarkable feature of the animal . 
  not that surprising as they mapped the english hashtag . 
  the concentrations of nox and particulate matter exceeded the limits , iirc . 
  it 's a highway that cuts through western amsterdam , so there are quite some buildings close to this road . 
  does he actually have information to back up his slightly controversial statements ? 
  i mean that is quite an interesting statement to start with , but his arguments seem rather poor . 
  who is he to define how one can spend his time useful ? 
  true , his position does make this attempt on humor just sadder . 
  i agree this is a tasteless attempt on humor . 
  he clearly crosses the line , and he knows that , to create some sort of ` shock ' . 
  but does he really cross the line that badly that he should apologise ? 
  it 's a bad joke at the expense of someone , to some extend atleast , but it is just a joke . . 
  prenatal decided to sign though after the press attention . 
  i would n't say we tolerate racism in this country . 
  although the borders of the term racism are not universal . 
  it 's about bathing water , not drinking water, 
  it became a regional default subreddit around that time , meaning that every new european account is automatically subscribed . 
  do n't take `` every '' literally though , because i think there are a couple of exceptions . 
  that abbreviation is even better . 
  we can construct words in similar fashion in dutch , but i think we 'd go with something a little more comprehensive . 
  i 'm not sure if this is a joke or just german . 
  ` today ', 
   you know how many people in the netherlands and even here on reddit were supporting a guy getting arrested for shouting fuck the king ? 
  because if he did n't like it he should fuck off . 
  an small minority on every discussion i 've seen over at / r/thenetherlands . 
  twitter was filled with #fuckdekoning . 
  you are projecting the opinion of a very vocal minority over a whole country right now . 
  while i do n't agree with anything wilders stands for , this is just out right downplaying . 
  he got 16 % and 10 % of the votes in the last two elections . 
  i think you can contribute this to the shape of the coastline . 
  loads of dutch tourists travel to the mediterranean by car and istria is considerably closer than any other place in croatia . 
  istria also seems to be advertised as a cheaper alternative to the italian adriatic . 
  although i 'm not so sure if there is any truth to that . 
  there was a thread on this on the top of the page earlier . 
  this thread however is just op thanking france , which in my opinion does not at all deserve the attention it gets . 
  [ i think i found the blog post behind it . 
  ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/number-of-colonies-of-european-countries-map/ ) i could n't find any modern greek colonies though ... 
  20 eurocents , surely ? 
  i 'll get back to this !, 
  i do it the german way for some reason . 
  the snowman people need to be re-educated , this is not how any of this works . 
  does n't that make us , as a generation , somewhat lucky ? 
  we got rid of it last year , partly because of the whole b\u00f6hmermann drama . 
  although nobody was prosecuted for it for about 50 years . 
  i thought we were done with the habsburgs ... 
  it 's from a song that was popular here a while back . 
  it 's purple , not orange . 
  like we visit anything besides prague in czechia . 
  tbf , most of us have no idea what 's going on over there . 
  probably hollanders, 
  if we are doing islands , there are also some islands north of norway . 
  why do you think so ? 
  india scores very good at the emission level part . 
  per capita they emit very little , but for all the different reasons than most of the countries in the top 20 . 
  why could n't they compete ? 
  we are the world 's number 2 agricultural exporter in terms of money . 
  there is a lot of money in research and development . 
  the main focus is on high value goods such as flowers , vegetables and live plants . 
   air france staff accuse klm managers of thinking that they are more professional and `` super cool '' , the report leaked to a dutch broadcaster says . 
  it 's almost like a high school, 
  i mean if you want to point fingers in that direction , point at the un and the dutch government , not the people in the field . 
  i think it was norway . 
  definitely seen it before . 
  just pretend it 's a lake, 
  sounds very archaic to me . 
  not sure either , just a random realization . 
  k\u00f6ln is by far the exception , now i come to think of it . 
  i can only think of berlin/berlijn , aachen/aken and kleve/kleef in germany . 
  i mean , it 's literally m\u00fcnchen in dutch ... 
  yes certainly true for the big cities here as well , amsterdam , haarlem , alkmaar , but mid-size cities though ? 
  is this really the case over there in the south ? 
  i live in noord-holland and most municipalities allow supermarkets to open every sunday , but the shops in the center are open one sunday every month . 
  did you just claim the heritage of the whole duchy of brabant ?
