agreed . 
  it 's too early to know anything at this point . 
  a slightly weaker pound will boost exports , but that could have happened if they voted to stay . 
  the speculation over the uk 's success or failure is pointless at this stage , and i wish we could find something more substantial to report on . 
  we have the same thing going on in the us , with every little boost or dip being attributed to donald trump , when in reality he has done almost nothing to significantly change the economy . 
  just my perception , but after a week of heated discussion about spain 's hard boarder with the uk , i imagine she is simply saying that the boarder between ireland and ni has n't been forgotten . 
  reading the article , there does n't seem to be any malice towards the uk , just recognition of the fact that the boarder needs to be apart of any agreement . 
  yes . 
  it was very uncoordinated . 
  which is why it is all the more impressive to me that it held up against so many different assaults . 
  t_d posters were making a weak attack last night and this morning , but in the end the stars held . 
  i was just about to get that red pixel when they shut it down . 
  it gnaws at me when i see it . 
  there was some heavy fighting over those stars yesterday . 
  even this morning there were some dead set on messing up that flag . 
  congratulations to all those that fought off the onslaught !, 
  maybe he works for the foreign office, 
  oh you 're right . 
  sorry , i was not paying attention last night . 
  will there be a hard border between the city and the uk ? 
  can the thames be rerouted to create a mote ? 
  so many questions . 
  i suppose that was part of my confusion . 
  the same people that seem to get mad about another scottish independence vote , also seem have poor opinions of scotland and the scottish . 
  if scotland contributes as little to the uk as some of their detractors say , i would think they would want them to go . 
  but admittedly i do n't fully understand the whole countries within a country dynamic , so i do n't see the whole picture . 
  okay , well that clears some things up . 
  thank you for explaining your position . 
  i see . 
  but , and correct me if i 'm wrong , is n't scotland a separate country within the uk ? 
  is n't that why it and wales and north ireland have their semi autonomous governments ? 
  i mean no state in the us is a separate government . 
  they are administrative subdivisions of the us federal government in the way that english counties are a part of england , so in that case would n't california leaving the us be more like kent leaving england than scotland leaving ; or maybe i 'm misunderstanding the relationship ? 
  second serious question , do you feel that will brexit not succeed without scotland in the uk ? 
  serious question . 
  can someone explain to me why ( and pro-leave camp feel free to jump in ) every single time we hear about scotland 's plans to leave the uk since the referendum , there is an uproar from the leave camp ? 
  why do they/you care if scotland goes independent ? 
  i understand and appreciate your frustration . 
  trade wars are stupid and costly , and i hope that we ( the us ) do n't start one . 
  i would say that trade war statements , like the one in the article , are intended to deter such actions . 
  sabre rattling if you will . 
  by laying out their reaction options , the eu lets the us administration know what they are prepared to do , they let us exporters to europe and us producers that import europe 's ( excellent ) products know the costs of the war to them , and it lets european exporters and investors know that the eu powers are prepared to protect them . 
  hopefully the message is heard on our end . 
  well we 're talking about two different things here . 
  donald 's 20 % boarder taxes is supposed to , in his mind , promote us businesses producing in the us and hurt foreign producers by making it too expensive for them to sell to the us public . 
  the us consumers pay for this in higher prices . 
  this is how it hurts donald 's base , because they rely on cheap imports . 
  if prices suddenly jumped because of they boarder tax , they would rightfully blame him ; and hopefully not vote for him again . 
  scenario 1 in the article is the second thing , and it is a response to donald 's boarder tax designed to counter his intention of forcing european producers out of the us market . 
  eu members pay for this response , at least for awhile , with the hope that their producers weather the storm of the trade war . 
  if the trade war becomes entrenched , and it does n't look like trade with the us will return to pre-trump , then the eu powers will have to decide new strategies in a couple of years . 
  it does n't have to be forever . 
  just until the trade war ends . 
  some industries can not be just shut down and then started back up again a few years later . 
  so you float them a few years until the us administration changes , and hopefully someone sane gets elected . 
  the thing about donald 's 20 % tax on imported goods is that it would hurt his voters more than anyone , so i doubt that he would have a voting base by 2020 . 
  okay son . 
  there 's no reason to get angry , and making baseless attacks on strangers is n't going to strengthen your argument . 
  i assure you , i am not unsympathetic to the suffering of my extended family or the rest of the rust belt . 
  and i fully anticipate that people will make desperate , uninformed decisions based on empty political promises when they are impoverished , but starting a trade war wo n't bring back the low skill manufacturing sector . 
  to increase manufacturing , we would have to have someone to sell too . 
  who will pay for low skill goods manufactured at an american living wage when they could get the same items made for significantly less from china or mexico ? 
  and as we are a heavy importer of goods ; what will happen to these impoverished communities when walmart and every one else 's prices spike ? 
  if they are already poor they will only be poorer . 
  president trump can not fix that . 
  he 's no more magical than president obama was . 
  these are empty promises at best , and at worst a trade war that leaves the us worse off than it was before . 
  i do n't live in a metro area or a `` cosmopolitan bubble '' . 
  i live in a small town , and i 'm from a small town in missouri . 
  i 've worked manufacturing , and so have several members of my family ( until the factory shut down ) . 
  and most of us took the gibill route to do better . 
  ad hominem attacks are unnecessary and do n't strengthen your argument . 
  the people that voted for donald trump , that wanted the return of manufacturing jobs , wo n't get them for years if at all through the start of a trade war . 
  in the mean time they will get years of higher prices and low wages as the jobs that do support their areas suffer under tariffs . 
  voters will lay the blame for what is going at the feet of whom ever is in power ; regardless of whether they have anything to do with it or not . 
  it does n't matter whether they care about trade agreements or soft power , because they are affected by them anyway . 
  our wealth and purchasing power are dependent on them . 
  many conservative voters also benefit from free trade though ; in every day low prices at walmart and every other mass importer . 
  these tariffs will hit them with higher prices the hardest , and candidates will quickly rise promising to take the pressure off . 
  they will also hit our significant manufacturing sector in the midwest ; which runs on pretty narrow margins already . 
  you would see further job losses as manufacturers struggle to pay their people while competing with cheaper labor in other countries ( which the uk may soon be ) . 
  while this could resort in some more domestic sourcing , that takes years if not decades . 
  the american voter is not that patient . 
  they need jobs and food now . 
  they will clean house if a gop controlled government hits them with years of even higher prices and declining income ; regardless of whether they promise new manufacturing jobs in 5-10 years . 
  also ignoring our wto commitments would throw numerous trades deals between multinational companies and nations into uncertainty ; damaging , if not destroying , decades of soft power development . 
  these trade wars do n't make the us any better off . 
  its was n't really about unseating bush , nor is it about unseating trump . 
  the tariffs were to bruise the areas where gop representatives were going to be facing reelection . 
  bush , like trump , had a majority in the house . 
  if those reps lost their seats , the gop faced a loss of control over the house . 
  also , the wto does n't issue fines , it sanctions tariffs . 
  we do n't avoid them . 
  we pay them at the port . 
  we will play by the wto rulings because the wto is a major source of our trade power . 
  to damage our relationship would put billions of dollars in trade agreements in jeopardy and millions on jobs in danger . 
  we have done this all before . 
  next year the wto will find that it is not justified . 
  the eu will threaten to target key industries in swing states with tariffs ( like citrus ) , and the administration will back down under pressure from representatives in those states who are up for reelection in 2018 . 
  it is 2002 all over again .
