  good on you , i always think it 's a painful experience . 
  only 69 per cent in luxembourg , less than the netherlands ? 
  seems like less than 80 per cent can hold a conversation in letzeburgisch , from which there is really a short leap to german . 
  is it in part due to the high proportion of expats ? 
  but then again just a couple of days ago we saw that gentleman trying to strike up a conversation in irish in dublin . 
  historical allusions aside , do you think the regions in your neighbourhood where international missions are taking place are doing better ? 
  any one capable of both turkish and english have a stab at a translation ? 
  this is how bbc earned her reputation . 
  are you hoping for outplaying the ref or expecting him to outplay england ? 
  the local plasterer is portuguese , but apart from that we have very few portuguese expats here . 
  most went where their language is understood , the weather is warmer and more money is to be made ( luanda ) . 
   their state channel there is no such thing . 
   thing is , those might not coincide . 
  some euro member states might testify to that . 
   your solution to the conflict in ukraine would be putting down arms ? 
  yes . 
   let the separatist do what ever they want ? 
  us black vernacular/ebonics 1 . 
  singaporean 1 . 
  american ( standard ) strange , i own only one rap record , and that one is british . 
  german 1 . 
  english 1 . 
  dutch german is spot on . 
  i think it may be due to my resentment of using direct and indirect object without prepositions . 
  tonality does n't enter the picture in this test . 
  you have two , do n't you . 
  it always amazes me that given his year of birth , he could still live to be a senior member of the german pen club now . 
  instead , his books will be copyright free in three years . 
   this time the conditions were even worse . 
  only for the eastern part , and only arguably so . 
  arguably saner than the other 63 per cent . 
  well , that 's better than `` view : you can edit the map here '' . 
  germany : slightly . 
  the alternative f\u00fcr deutschland try to position themselves as critiques of brussels , but they are not suggesting germany should leave the union . 
  cut the budget by one half , leave the euro , all that , but not leave the eu . 
  really , belgium ? 
  watch latvia , lithuania and estonia taking turns in being the roadkill capital of eu . 
  yeah , i felt that was cheating , i suspect something similar is happening with letzebuergisch and german , and slovenian and croatian . 
  i always thought that czech republic is one of the few countries where it might make sense to learn german as a first language , given the proximity to german speaking countries . 
  i 've read ( and enjoyed ) war and peace and ca n't remember any of it ... could someone enlighten me ? 
  feel free to use spoiler tags . 
   it 's pretty much against everything the eu has been in the last few decades . 
  certainly . 
  yet neither country is member of the eu , nor is the esc a eu body . 
  have n't you learnt in history how he declared georgian the primary language in ussr ? 
  have an upvote . 
  we have propane bottles in our home as they failed to connect us to the gas grid . 
  [ i 'll just leave this here ] ( http://www.pigor.de/getcmsdata.php?id=398&amp;category=hoeren ) ( sadly , no audio footage ), 
  i think it should be common courtesy to pick up at least a couple of words in the language you `` temporarily reside '' in , if it is 3 months or more . 
  also , it sounds weird when natives of two languages which have more in common with each other converse in a third language ( when a colombian and a brazilian converse in english , for example ) . 
  do you have numbers to back that up ? 
  depends on what you want to convey . 
  for germany , the percentage of taxes would be quite misleading as unemployment benefit is taken from ( compulsory ) insurance . 
  employees denied coffee while employer s quick to confirm that this is not official policy . 
  with a shrinking and ageing population i 'd say growth is tough to achieve . 
  `` wedding '' was actually not translated . 
  and girls names are subject to more frequent change , as family traditions play less of a role with girls . 
  swedish , and slovakian . 
  nicest regional accent is from around magdeburg . 
  bashing americans and gypsies is fair game here . 
  strange , because finnish as a language sounds really nice . 
  martin schulz as commissioner would look like `` changing sides '' to me . 
  though there is some hope that he will listen to the parliament every now and then . 
  morava has fantastic [ musicians ] ( http://www.bittova.com/ ) and [ game designers ] ( http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgamedesigner/789/vlaada-chvatil ) . 
  a [ transparent tree ] ( http://imgur.com/l6dy61c ) still greening . 
  guess why the linked article says `` i 'm packing for costa rica '' . 
   fourth , europe should make full use of the fossil fuels available , including coal and shale gas . 
  in the eu 's eastern states , poland among them , coal is synonymous with energy security . 
  no nation should be forced to extract minerals but none should be prevented from doing so -- as long as it is done in a sustainable way . 
  we need to fight for a cleaner planet but we must have safe access to energy resources and jobs to finance it . 
  how does one extract coal from the ground in a sustainable way ? 
  replace it with wood pellets and wait another 50 million years ? 
  [ before we forget ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/23a4qv/lavrov_ukraine_crisis_agreement_reached/cgv50pr ) , bbc reminds us what [ pro-russian ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/74319000/jpg/_74319873_donetskgroupap.jpg ) and [ pro-western ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/74315000/jpg/_74315524_021948688.jpg ) protestors look like . 
  as i understand , couchsurfing is non-commercial while airbnb is for-profit . 
  as for the second , i do n't see how the same rules as for other for-profit offerings do not apply . 
  after some google translating the terms i did not learn at school i found that youtube draws comments from a similar demographics in russian as in english . 
  have you read the transcript ? 
  they drive through the steppe for want of a road . 
  a flat tax for infrastructure sounds like a less than perfect idea when population and infrastructure density is so diverse throughout the country . 
  do n't know russian laws but i think in this case it should be legal to drive around the countryside without having registered your car , as long as you stay away from public roads . 
  you can always attribute it to another of those countries yugoslavia dissolved into . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bleu_d%27auvergne does n't count as a dish , does it ? 
  does bleu d'auvergne with fresh white bread count ? 
   for some reason they do n't really go for the typically mediterrean one reason may be that portugal is not a mediterranean country ? 
  til russian kids are punished by having to kneel on frozen peas . 
  the eu was not very talkative as long as they thought things were going their way . 
  sadly , putin 's russia is not engaging in talks too much now that things are going their way . 
   what , are you on rt ? 
  that was telegraph , a uk newspaper with a mixed track record . 
  and the flag of luxembourg the city is the inoffical flag of luxembourg the country . 
  given that the current government , unlike the previous one , is without democratic legitimation , i would not doubt that many people in the country try to trade it for the quality of life their russian neighbours enjoy . 
   it 's a conflict between an authoritarian regime that engages in old-school tactics and seeks to re-emerge as a global power and us who want a free and prosperous europe where we do n't have to think about war . 
  i fear you are spot on in that ukraine is not even mentioned as a faction in that conflict . 
  we did that in the ukraine ( ok yanukovich escaped alive but this las vegas boxer was as puppety as it could get ) and do n't you think we should excercise 3 . 
  with ukraine before we try to start the same with russia ? 
  it 's btter to start walking before you try running . 
  while russian politicians may vote for who they are told , people tend to vote with their wallets . 
  putin 's propaganda connected freedom from poverty for the people with the country 's return to a major political power . 
  so far he has delivered , and he gets voted accordingly . 
  no wonder many ukrainians want to join russia where pensions are twice as high .
