sue their nukes for covering damage they made ? 
  the stuf made for export at least ( carl zeiss cameras , knitting machines ... ) . 
  at the moment , [ between 2,5 and 6,6 $ per km ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/trassenpreissystem#tps_2001 ) whereas coaches pay 0,0 $ per km . 
  fees for using rail track are considerably higher than fees for using the road . 
  thanks . 
  i was starting to think that this came from an attitude that `` doing business '' means enforcing contracts and resolving insolvencies . 
  give him a break , in the same question he aggregated koreans , mongolians and vietnamese into one big dumpling . 
  [ * cough * ] ( http://grafdav.files.wordpress.com/2010/04/ostberlin-wunscht-gute-heimreise.jpg ), 
  as many double consonants as in commissionner . 
  [ heinrich lummer ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/heinrich_lummer ) , not a neo-nazi but the author of the book * deutschland soll deutsch bleiben * , entertained close relations to pkk leader \u00d6calan . 
   we all die . 
  socrates is one of us . 
  technically somebody from the us is american . 
   europe 's most powerful leader , chancellor angela merkel of germany putin might disagree . 
  when celtic glasgow had their first away match at borussia dortmund ( early nineties , years before german hools would beat up a french policeman ) all newspapers were full of warnings about the barbarians that were about to wreak havoc . 
  as soon as the supporters arrived , dortmund fans were blown away by the dedication and kindness of the celtic supporters , and a long friendship would ensue . 
  ** elwedridsch ** is a jackalope which regularly appears around the area , leaving behind puzzled hunters . 
  and as allergenic as kitten litter . 
  i think the habit of putting the truth of the bible above scientific method where the results of both collide may impede progress and would be the most striking aspect of `` backwards '' in religious attitudes . 
  not saying that all confessions share these . 
  which one ? 
  i 'm under the impression that in both countries many people drink their respective leaders ' kool-aid . 
  there are many parts of bavaria i would n't call backwards . 
  first region that came to my mind was the fulda region . 
  but reading wikipedia entries on hohmann and dregger i think this region favours a patriotic more than religious attitudes . 
  [ evangelical wingnuts ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/entschieden_f%c3%bcr_christus ) are spread around different regions but not really in the majority . 
  from my holidays in the netherlands i remember unpaved roads with paved cycleways , which impressed me a lot . 
  it should be perfectly viable to teach russian/ukrainian along with english . 
  if you know russian , ukrainian should be easy to pick up and vice versa . 
  this would be a much different challenge than learning english , so i guess it would not interfere . 
  the 2001 berlin mayor candidate rallying support for his candidacy from his party , ending his speech saying `` i 'm gay -- so there '' , effectively pre-empted all slurs that were still imminent at that time . 
  they are pretty successful at athletics ( by european standards , that is ) . 
  my sister was living with an indonesian lady who said `` at least the british left behind some infrastructure . 
  the dutch , in contrast , were only stealing goods and workforce . 
  but nothing compares to the years of japanese rule . '', 
  do n't know if that makes you feel better . 
  ask about how much influence the bond tegen het vloeken has on everyday life ? 
   the only statues who honour german soldiers are of the people who were involved in operation valkyrie as in other countries there are wwi memorials in most towns , on which the names of soldiers killed in wwii have been added in most cases . 
  in most cases the more patriotic phrases and symbols have been defused in the process , and in some cases the commemorative intent has extended to civilian victims of the wars . 
   say you 're 100 % irish in an american accent is that because irish and american accent are so close ? 
  no , there 's only one other language that capitalises its nouns , and that is luxembourgish . 
  i wonder where they got this idea from ... 
   tearing off a peace of bread from the loaf without making a mess ? 
  check if there 's no mess , the baguette is not fresh . 
  there were talks about leaving both nato and warsaw pact during the process of reunification , but this has only be partly been put into practice . 
  bush senior and condoleeza rice would n't have been happy with that outcome . 
  and by now i thingk the window of opportunity has closed . 
  if belgium pre 1831 does n't count slovenia pre-1991 should n't either . 
  has been tried twice in the past . 
  also , it is the country with highest crime rate per inhabitant . 
  obviously , both stats are due to high number of tourists ( drinking and falling prey to petty crime ) . 
  and jakub blaszczykowski is that popular in poland , czech and slovak republic . 
  m. eine stadt sucht einen m\u00f6rder ( peter lorre at his finest ) fr\u00fchlingssinfonie ( rolf hoppe from mephisto and t\u0159i o\u0159\u00ed\u0161ky pro popelku in his best role as robert schumann 's unwilling stepfather , herbert gr\u00f6nemeyer and nastassja kinski as robert schumann and clara wieck ) die br\u00fccke ( more anti-war than actually anti-nazi ) kleine haie ( have a soft spot for that one . 
  football reporter werner hansch as announcer , his same role as in die heartbreakers ), 
  i preferred shallow grave . 
  boy was that morbid . 
  i thought it was north of watford ( but maybe they 'd lose too much champions league spots ) . 
  i feel the window of opportunity closed about 12 to 7 years ago . 
  before that the akp was less in the national-religious corner that admittedly the eu painted them into by offering hollow promises instead of clear prospects . 
  i learn a bit of the host country 's language if i watch an english or german movie with subtitles . 
  how does learning english help with pedro almodovar or sergey eisenstein movies ? 
  i can not really imagine original voices in animated movies , unless the voices are also animated by the entity seen moving and gesturing . 
  that 's nyet to this audience . 
   in other news it seems all black steal , over here in / r/europe it 's gypsies . 
  loads of popup windows , had a short chance to glance at a text that stated that lorries are painted in `` soothing '' white . 
  have had my share of opoinion pieces , thank you . 
  heidelberg was not in continuous operation , as it was closed after destruction during the palatine wars at the end of the 17th century . 
  pixlr 's bucket fills dozens of areas when i click one ( tried for arnsberg and bialystok ) . 
  not worth the hassle . 
  i expect to see them [ here ] ( http://kunstler.com/eyesore-of-the-month/ ) soon . 
  zugspitze is just another mountain in the alps , it just happens to be on the german/austrian border . 
  monaco is one of the eight countries along the alps , 160 m be damned . 
   teide indeed , canary islands belong to africa . 
  by the same token the highest mountain of russia would be somewhere in the altai . 
  because it would look like houston , guangzhou , or warsaw otherwise . 
  that would change the diplomacy map by quite a bit . 
  ok , that 's a start . 
  secondly , your paper money is all the same colour no matter the denomination ... all right , i 'll stop here . 
  [ horst evers ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmqgttqhtgi ) is actually pretty funny . 
  your national anthem suffers from an ambitus of a duodecime , which causes spontaneous renditions to start too high and fail miserably in the middle . 
   my favorite is definitely germany 's i can not really get over how it spelt death and destruction over most of europe when played back to back with horst wessel lied . 
  i mean , what could possibly sound less intimidating than a string quartet theme by joseph haydn . 
  bert kaempfert , maybe . 
   too many communism buzzwords , such as ? 
  feels 73 % eu ( picture of slovak with ugly hat ) has 13 % turnout at eu parliament elections . 
  one of the few languages written in latin i have trouble identifying countries ' names . 
  i guessed tanska but stopped at ranska . 
  capacity is limited by load , not so much by space . 
  which means that trips would take longer than per aeroplane but instead of being crammed in your row you can ballroom dance the time away . 
  i really do n't get how this is not a thing . 
   half the people at those protests think they 're standing up for the `` good guys '' erm ... and the other half ? 
  belgium being ... what , rank 17 or so ? 
   not on purpose of course . 
  ah , so that caricature is humoring the fact that putin accidentally hit a rhino while hunting for grouse ? 
  in germany there are lots of streets named after monarchs and communists . 
  times change . 
   meaningful and durable solution a solution for good , you mean ? 
  if only i could come up with a catchy term for that . 
  is that meant as an answer to a guy who has no problem with countries leaving the eu ? 
  intrigue , prosperity , or dark ages ?
