  as a politician , it 's perfectly fine to take refuge in your mother language when every word counts . 
  not that it helped peer steinbr\u00fcck so far . 
  this map is way to coarse to tell the whole story . 
  for sake of karma-whoring , i am posting another set of maps that shows the whole clusterfuck . 
  * edit : * [ look over there ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/186mdv/1789_political_map_of_a_part_of_south_western/ ) , and do n't omit to visit [ all the other stuff ] ( http://www.hoeckmann.de/deutschland/index.htm ) which i could n't post due to mapporn posting guidelines . 
   dukedoms had big enough population density and central cities the residence cities of the dukedoms ( d\u00fcsseldorf , mannheim , braunschweig ) were just about to be evolving at that time , many of the largest cities ( hamburg , k\u00f6ln , n\u00fcrnberg , frankfurt ) were still independent of local rulers . 
  what 's the dortmund school ? 
  i am trying to find anything about it in the net . 
   try to order a d\u00fcsseldorfer altbier in a pub in cologne and you 'll get a lot of angry looks ( the same vice versa ) . 
  try to order a cologne pub in an altbier in d\u00fcsseldorf ? 
  ( i know you are talking about k\u00f6lsch but it 's not mentioned here . ), 
  [ wdr weltweit ] ( http://www.wdr.de/tv/weltweit/ ) features different stories , sometimes starring germans abroad ( like a musher in canada or somebody teaching pigeon husbandry in china , an indian girl sold as an infant to german foster parents who tried to find her family ) , sometimes starring odd looking people elsewhere ( wwii reenactment in great britain , a huzul wedding in the carpathians ) , but sometimes being about more serious matters like private eyes dealing with ransom cases in pakistan , or chinese schoolchildren ) . 
  one of the few tv programs i actually watch . 
  can somebody confirm this ? 
  i have heard that h\u00fcrriyet is not the most reliable among press organs . 
  well , when a dutch newspaper titled `` the cape is orange again '' after their robust playing style allowed them to proceed through the group stages in the football world championship south africa , it seemed there were more connections than just language . 
  i like it how liechtenstein is enlarged only to show that they have no data . 
  yeah , reading the german translation of war and peace was quite an ordeal as all the aristocrats ' talk in french was * not * translated . 
  as a french-challenged guy i was just longing for the moment till the treaty of tilsit got broken and everyone would speak russian . 
  i think it depends more on the teacher . 
  we had a fantastic german teacher under which we even tolerated `` die angst des tormanns beim elfmeter '' well , only letdown was `` felix krull '' . 
  autobiography of a proletarian and communist with serious second thoughts . 
  sort of underdog classic . 
  here i was thinking that * till ulenspiegel en lamme goedzak * is quite a defining book for the belgian nation . 
  and dick bruna , or more recently wouter van reek . 
  i had to specifically order max havelaar from the local library , they had to have it sent by mail . 
  was definitely worth it . 
  20th century history condensed in a year in the life of a single mother . 
  i have never seen anyone calling for baden-w\u00fcrttemberg being an independent nation-state . 
  to begin with it would immediately dissolve into baden , w\u00fcrttemberg , and possibly kurpfalz and w\u00fcrttemberg-hohenzollern . 
  edit : has obviously been said before here . 
  also , i doubt that the alkmaar region is frisian . 
  heck , even texel is part of holland . 
  finally , is the east belgian region part of germany or vallonie ? 
  how would you like the concept of letting the guy in front of you overtake at the expense of slowing a bit down yourself ? 
  if that concept were taking ground , i 'd always keep as far right as possible . 
  i love sub-alpine mountain ranges and i enjoyed great hospitality there . 
  would love to hike the carpathians at the romania-ukraine border . 
  visited the netherlands , belgium , luxembourg , england , wales , scotland , ireland ( dublin only ) , spain , portugal , switzerland , italy , austria , czech rep. , slovakia , hungary ( budapest only ) , russia , poland , lithuania , east germany ( if that counts ) , denmark , sweden , finland . 
  speaking indo-european languages seems to be protective . 
  or argentina . 
  they have lost 80 per cent of their network . 
  division between infrastructure and services is one of the main discussion points in the transition here . 
  obviously , if this does not happen , the deutsche bahn will always be accused of putting their competitors at a disadvantage . 
   however , for better or worse it looks as if europe will in a few decades speak a single language . 
  when i was a student in italy in 1990 , few italians spoke english . 
  now all educated people seem to be expected to -- and europeans do not like to seem uneducated . 
  this is presumably a taboo subject , but if present trends continue , french and german will eventually go the way of irish and luxembourgish : they 'll be spoken in homes and by eccentric nationalists . 
  -- [ paul graham ] ( http://www.paulgraham.com/america.html ) i think he 's gotten over the top with this , but he has a point . 
  because that would change its colour to red . 
  kiel is among the most beautifully situated cities in germany . 
  is it a party that tries to pander to both russian and ukrainian voters by painting the picture of a common enemy ? 
  christmas soup with dried mushrooms collected over the year . 
  i take it you do n't prepare it with apples , or vinegar . 
  i went , with the whole family . 
  some customs never change . 
  i love the idea of december 24th being a normal day just until dawn . 
  church service does a nice job of providing this threshold . 
  lithuanian and bulgarian word for christmas are related ? 
  as a german , i am used to being called saxon by the finns , allemanic by the french , prussian by the luxembourgers , and mute by the slavic neighbours . 
  the symbols on the frisian flag are water lily leaves not hearts . 
  the symbol of the socialist party in the netherlands has a very similar colour and shape but denotes a tomato . 
  also , cura\u00e7ao is not pronounced like speaker did . 
  because most insurances are not mandatory and you may otherwise enter them not before you have reached a certain age . 
  you mean spanish habsburg while we got austrian habsburg ? 
  dutch is closer to german in grammar i think , especially with regard to word order . 
  `` ik heb niet kunnen komen/ich habe nicht kommen k\u00f6nnen '' is one of the few exceptions to word order ( and even in this sentence we both have this idiosyncratic infinitive `` kunnen/k \u00f6nnen '' participle looking as an infinitive . 
  `` i could n't come '' is a completely different structure . 
  what 's the east belgium german-speaking minority to do ? 
  they 'd be just an appendix to germany instead of the pampered minority they are now . 
  how do belgians feel about a neighbouring country having the same name as one of their provinces ? 
  about another neighbouring country having two provinces named so they are easily mistaken for two of their own ? 
  as i gather this guy purchased guns and ammunition legally . 
  i can get behind this to an extent in a country with bears and wolves . 
  but how was the ammunition he used , which was designed to inflict as much damage as possible in a body , legally available ? 
  that 's beyond me . 
  vitebsk is more like birmingham than like london . 
   the chinese wo n't integrate because they are there only temporary - guest workers and not actually immigrants . 
  now * that * sounds familiar . 
  this reflects minority rights in germany . 
  the ssw ( danish minority ) in schleswig-holstein is not affected by the 5 per cent threshold either . 
  turkey part of `` europe '' but not russia . 
  yeah , all these midget states names are 500 + times as large as their area , which is indistinguishable from their neighbours . 
   social help is massive really ? 
  i know a woman in vilnius who stopped writing letters because she could n't afford stamps . 
  that 's a few years ago though . 
  what 's a typical pension nowadays like ? 
  no comment here showing any compassion towards the farmers whose source of income was devastated . 
  it 's sad to see how the hivemind has replaced an atmosphere of discourse in / r/europe . 
  fun fact : football legend frank rijkaard is coach of the national team of curacao . 
  detective stories . 
  resolution is high enough to reveal what people are keeping in their back yard ( toolsheds , livestock , pools ) , an information which they have n't been asked to share . 
  there are a lot of things about me which i am not keen on revealing to the public . 
  what i look like sans clothes is not my top concern . 
  manning all trade ships which bring us the goodies from china , where we exported our industry to in order to meet carbon emission standards . 
   swede-greek funny , so is my wife 's colleague . 
  it 's funny b/c aerial photos , which reveal much more , are fair game . 
  in communist times you were not supposed to take pictures of railway stations , bridges , or other strategically important buildings . 
  in communist times you were not supposed to take pictures of railway stations , bridges , or other strategically important buildings . 
  the safe third country does not approve , as i gather from the beginning of the thread .
