tiny bags . 
  `` common sense comes from good judgement . 
  good judgement comes from experience . 
  experience comes from bad judgement . '', 
  first whiff of legalised gay marriage and they 'll be back to slam the anchors on . 
  that looks like home . 
  and there are billions who have already finished . 
  we 're all losers . 
  it is rugby league 's 120th birthday , and i am in the pub waiting for the challenge cup final to start . 
  i am shouting for not leeds , which this year is hull kr . 
  what a horrible way to go . 
  new hardware will be coming in all the time . 
  it 'll be a rolling replacement plan where every five years or so , maybe a little longer , a desktop is replaced . 
  it 'll work out cheaper for support purposes to replace it than to replace individual failing components . 
  either everyone gets the same thing at the same time , which is very expensive as a one off capital outlay . 
  or you replace piecemeal across the whole organisation in smaller chunks and spread the costs . 
  the downside is you inevitably have subtly different hardware as specs change - though that is true to some extent anyway as not everyone has identical requirements . 
  i work for a university with around 2000 staff and it 's hard enough for us ( fortunately not me ) . 
  it must be a nightmare doing it on a government scale . 
  same here . 
  note also that it 's the [ ascension of jesus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ascension_of_jesus ) . 
  if mary ascended she 'd be burnt as a witch . 
  assumption requires an external force . 
  god . 
  jesus , by the logic of the trinity , needs no external force for that to happen . 
  he already is god . 
  i think we typically use assumption to mean something like some bit of knowledge you acquire without due regard to the facts , research , logic or whatever . 
  in other words you , the external force , have lifted this ` knowledge ' to a level it would n't achieve on its own . 
  you can also `` assume '' a role , such as a town mayor or a judge or something like that . 
  your skill got you there , and you can say that it was you who ascended to the position . 
  but the role itself is something you have assumed . 
  others put you in it / agreed for you to be in it . 
  huh , interesting . 
  thanks for that . 
  it 's because we ( in common with other western nations ) have a tendency to identify through what we regard as nationality . 
  in fact we sometimes freak out when other peoples use some other method - does n't happen quite so much these days but we used to freak out over eligibility for national sports teams with regard to pacific islanders . 
  thing is , since they 're all brown and we have tended to be ignorant , this tendency to attribute a nationhood can be completely wrong . 
  particularly when the names and borders of those new nations were changing in a post-imperial world . 
  so we say `` asian '' , cos it 's better than saying `` they all look the same to me '' shortly after getting it hopelessly wrong . 
  that was n't that uncommon when i was a kid , a little short of forty years ago , and even then i was a white kid in a nearly 50 % asian school in bradford . 
  it 's different now , mostly , and we 're all more worldly than we were . 
  but the word has stuck . 
  america does the same thing with the same word about a whole other subset of people . 
  same reasons though , only with less of a history of moaning about the make up of nz rugby teams . 
   historically , it meant ` bend over , we 're going in dry ! ', 
  the absence of anything signifying wales is the best indication of that . 
  edit : for the weird downvoters - the point is there is an act of union with scotland and ireland , thus their presence in the union flag . 
  there was no act of union with wales . 
  hence there 's a castle on every hill , the next in line for the throne getting the title `` prince of wales '' , etc. 
  it was a total take over fully intended to crush wales and welsh identity . 
  jeez . 
  other people 's daily lives . 
   they said you ca n't wear this because x !, 
  weird how government mandated clothing does that . 
  that 's the official ira , not the provos . 
  they were a distant side show after the troubles started . 
  not denying that it happened but the provos broke away in part because they considered the officials a marxist debating society . 
   well , that 's pretty much his job so yeah . 
  you 're telling me that if this story were true , and it was a white person with long term french ancestry , he would n't be hailed a hero ? 
  it 'd be just a normal day at the office . 
  that 's deranged . 
  my experience of stadium security is closer to taking pre-bought drinks and food off people so they buy from the retailers inside the stadium instead . 
  not stopping someone wearing explosives and carrying an ak from doing whatever the fuck they want . 
   i tell you how . 
  he became a hero only for being a muslim . 
  yep , that 's definitely true . 
  because stopping armed terrorists from getting in to a packed stadium is a pretty every day task and its a purely leftist agenda that would get a person who did that in the news . 
  definitely the only plausible reason . 
  mate , you wrote it down and then published it world wide on the internet . 
  you 're blaming a complex situation on one specific thing . 
  i 'm not defending workers or trade unions as such , and nor am i blaming the financiers . 
  i 'm attacking your incredibly narrow point of view . 
  you 're too fixated on it to see that . 
  emerging technologies only exist to assist in manufacturing ? 
  not as products ? 
  definitely unions . 
  purely unions . 
  only the unions . 
  yes , let 's do that . 
  let 's not blame chronic under investment in plant or methods , nor a reliance on protected imperial markets , nor a lack of investment in emerging technologies coming from those shabbily bourgeois boffin types . 
  let 's blame those uppity little cunts , the workers . 
  they should have it . 
  it 's just that names come and go . 
  gladys is another . 
  that was popular in britain long ago , and a kid would probably be made fun of for it now . 
  but it 's a real name . 
  on the other hand , when i was young joshua and jacob would have been really odd . 
  both very popular now . 
  what would happen with names that long ago fell out of fashion ? 
  an english name like `` doris '' is very old fashioned , and a child named that would definitely stand out . 
  only very old people are called doris . 
  but it 's still a name with a history and many real examples . 
  early 1980s , i 'm ten years old . 
  we were given a history project at school and the topic i was given was wwii . 
  the type of school i 'm at is a middle school ( does n't exist anymore , and was rare then ) for 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 year olds . 
  i go to the school library and ask for their copy of mein kampf . 
  the librarian , my teacher and a couple of assistants all made what in hindsight was a big show of pretending to look for it before telling me `` sorry kid , we do n't seem to have a copy of mein kampf here '' . 
  british people do n't integrate that well in britain . 
   one day , sentences like `` why u no speak english '' will be legit . 
  it 's legit now .
