does romania really need to be united with the poorest country in europe , not to mention getting involved with the troubles with transnistria ? 
  i do n't really get the point of these social experiments . 
  the first dude looks like he can clearly afford a ticket , but he just forgot his wallet/ticket at home - no biggie . 
  the second dude looks like he does not even have a wallet , i would n't let him on either . 
  haha no, 
  the point is that we ca n't pick migrants that we like . 
  some of them are peaceful , some of them are violent , some of them are radical , some of them are willing to adapt . 
  do you know each and every one of the new migrants , so you can vouch for them and we do not have to generalise ? 
  thank you for correcting my typo . 
  people always love when others correct their tiny , accidental grammar errors . 
  being reactionary is not necessarily a bad thing . 
  sometimes it 's necessary . 
  and if you think that far-left parties is going to keep ruining countries for eternity , you have n't paid much attention . 
  my life is not guided by the vatican nor am i a fan of mother theresa . 
  you are looking it from a very wrong angle . 
  people like you are everything that 's wrong with europe . 
  fortunately people with your ideas are turning into a minotiry . 
  these migrants are your country 's new potential citizens . 
  if you do n't see the problem here , then you , unfortunately , are the narrow-minded one . 
  this is not the first case of violent migrants . 
  and do n't put gay marriage and weed in the same list with immigration . 
  first ones possess no threats , risks or dangers . 
  immigration however is a risk , potential threat and danger . 
  it 's reasonable to be concerned . 
  well it 's a little late for it now . 
  really bold coming from norway . 
  of course this article `` biased '' . 
  it 's their country that is being flooded with immigrants . 
  i love these ( paid , probably ) russian trolls in comment section . 
  the video is bulletproof evidence of russian troops in ukraine , and these trolls are like `` there are no russian troops in ukraine !, 
  there is no proof !, 
  there are only ukrainian nazi soldiers killing innocent citizens !, 
  vice news is very russophobic ! '', 
  well they were in eurovision so they are basically in europe . 
  italy should just ignore the treaties just like eu ignores italy . 
  just fucking send them back . 
  i do n't even know why . 
  probably comes from ` irvitamine ' which means grin or mocking laugh or something ... 
  i think it 's just a very stupid philosophical saying . 
  in russia you got no choice . 
  no , not really . 
  if you care to read the article you 'll understand ( hopefully ) it 's not about the same shit . 
  have you like ... even been to russia ? 
  apart from moscow and st. petersburg i mean ? 
  even these cities , apart from cultural sights and business areas , have low standards of living and crappy infrastructure . 
  not even going to talk about the places outside these two . 
  if the life in russia is normal for you then you must have realllllly low standards . 
  they should give kalingrad/k \u00f6nigsberg to germany , poland or lithuania * . 
  it used to be a great european place . 
  now it 's , well , russified . 
  mods do n't like when immigrats are shown in bad light . 
  this post will be deleted in 3 ... 2 . .1 ... 
  that is just creating ghettos . 
  we wo n't be integrating immigrants like this . 
  our lovely russian minority . 
  they bring us shame even abroad - only recently two `` estonians '' were caught stealing jewellery in norway . 
  we already have a huge percentage of people who are not integrated . 
  why on earth we should take more ? 
  and kristiina ojuland is someone whose political career is dying , she is trying to revive it by saying things that people want to hear . 
  i do n't think she really holds any of these opinions . 
  this article is from 2001 . 
  im pretty sure things have changed a lot since then . 
  what is there to say ? 
  this dude has been claiming that im saying that somehow i think ethnic swedes are more important than non-ethnic swedes ? 
  anyway , this dude has been bullshiting the whole thread , not being able to understand the text and putting words in my mouth . 
  ooops . 
  no source , huh ? 
  well , it 's always awkward when you ca n't back up the shit you 're saying . 
  and fyi ( not that i owe you and kind of explenation ) , i have many accounts which usernames/passwords i forget because i basically use a new computer/device every week . 
  you are saying like these `` racists '' are some united organisation that sat one night in a celler and decided to come to reddit and spread share their opinions here . 
   statistically they are less likely to be a useful member of society and so they have more free time . 
  source ? 
  anyone can be a swedish citizen , but you ca n't just become an ethnic swede . 
  i do n't understand what are you saying . 
  no i do n't think i am . 
  where did you get that idea ? 
  you do n't seem to be a very bright fellow , so i assume ( assume , that 's what you like to do , yeah ? ), 
  that for you , a good many things are coming across differently than they should . 
  do i ? 
  til . 
  i guess you know more about me than i do . 
  and i thought that i held an opinion that all people are equal . 
  thanks . 
  now i know myself better . 
  no i did not . 
  you are suggesting that i said that only ethnic swedes should be granted citizenship . 
  i , on the other hand did not claim such thing and i think that is ridiculous . 
  am i ? 
  i am reading what i wrote but i do n't see it . 
  hmm , how and where the fuck did i say that sweden should only help their own people ... ? 
  sorry , ca n't find it . 
  maybe i have seeing problems , or maybe it 's you . 
  who says that ? 
  anyone can become a citizen , however sweden ( and basically every other european country , except for uk ) is a nation-state . 
   so you think the swedish government should n't help anyone but ethnic swedes ? 
  so weird that you assume that , even if i said before that it 's good that they aid people in need . 
  im sorry mate , but honestly . 
  stop humiliateing yourself . 
  putting words in my mouth that i did not say is just pathetic . 
   nice one admitting you 're a racist though !,
