  let them all stay ? 
  break the family ? 
  make the children ( who can move freely anywhere in europe in the future ) move out with their terrorism affiliated parents ? 
  it 's easier for everyone that the legal nationality of children is the same as their parents . 
  it appears so . 
  before that only children of citizens were automatically citizens . 
  others needed to apply like everyone else . 
  i think the german requirement of permanent residence permit and 8 years of legal stay is `` reasonable amount of time '' . 
  jus soli in general creates all kinds of problems . 
  it 's for example much harder to get rid of the parents if their children are citizens . 
  because jus soli is quite rare in the world . 
  in germany according to wikipedia : `` an exception to the increasing restrictiveness toward birthright citizenship , germany , prior to 2000 , had its nationality law based entirely on jus sanguinis . 
  now , children born on or after 1 january 2000 to non-german parents acquire german citizenship at birth if at least one parent has a permanent residence permit ( and had this status for at least three years ) and the parent was residing in germany for at least eight years . '', 
  except they do n't have german citizenship at all . 
  a citizen can not be deported . 
  for that we do have a ruling from the european courts . 
  i do n't think anyone is talking about the movie . 
  you think you need to have fun when drinking ? 
  ah , southerners are womanizers and northerners are drunken . 
  do n't we all ? 
  only if it involves alcohol . 
  yes . 
  there also used to be a lot more . 
  more than half of them were ethnically cleansed when israel had to be made jewish . 
  it 's warm in the summer here . 
  the only bleak thing is that the sun has a bad tendency to stay up all night and keep us uncomfortably awake . 
  cold and bleak ? 
  it appears you have never been in the north during the summer . 
  it 's expensive here too . 
  although we can do a couple of hours trip to estonia to solve that issue . 
  sweden what are you doing down there ? 
  you are making us look bad . 
  because autonomous drones that can actually do air to air battle will probably be fantasy for a decade or two more ( i mean , automatic cars are barely ok now ) . 
  remote controlled ones would not be reliable enough . 
  believe me , the armed forces everywhere will get rid of all the stuff they have to do manually as soon as it is feasible . 
  i was gon na go with circumcision gone wrong . 
  it 's because of the climate . 
  i wonder what the orange part is on the penis though . 
  at year 1000 ? 
  republic of novgorod was not established before 12th century . 
  your point being ? 
  probably because the source is likely comprised of a bunch of different map sources and it does not feature every language and every dialect . 
  it 's not a competition . 
  they are revolutionary . 
  i am not sure if that is the same as political . 
  they are not interested in working trough the political system . 
  but violence makes them criminal regardless of being political . 
  i do n't think so . 
  but do you call nordiska motst\u00e5ndsr\u00f6relsen a political group ? 
  they have a few dozen members . 
  i would not call that a real problem . 
  however they are doing illegal things so police would like to shut them down . 
  i think it 's more about the bigger islands not showing separate from the mainland . 
  that map is actually pretty accurate . 
  the red area is the municipalities where swedish is majority language and the striped area is bilingual municipalities where finnish is majority language . 
  edit : there should be a small striped batch in the northern ostrobothnia and the red color goes maybe half a millimeter too north around turku but otherwise it seems correct . 
  actually we have pretty solid defence . 
  russia would win of course in the long run but they would have to actually concentrate large army to the invasion ( so large i do n't think their current economy could support it ) , not some small side operation they are doing in ukraine and syria . 
  you do n't just `` wipe out '' 300000 armed men and and i think in europe only russia has stronger artillery force . 
  and the entire doctrine is designed for elastic defence and being hard to `` wipe out '' . 
  give them better student benefits and zero interest student loans . 
  i 'm sure you would get volunteers . 
  i am truly sad for you . 
  yes . 
  let 's all not end slavery because society is complex . 
  let 's not end absolute autocracy because society is complex . 
  actually , let 's never improve anything because society is complex . 
  / s the only consequence this will have is that some people are much happier and a couple of self centered assholes are angry . 
  and i tend not to listen to assholes . 
  since 1249, 
  when prepared correctly you are sometimes able to eat surstr\u00f6mming without instant puking . 
  the smell is still from the deepest pits of hell . 
  can you send a couple of winners here to win with me ? 
  oh yes that forced update thing was shit . 
  i have a clean install so i know nothing about that . 
  btw i also have linux on 3 raspberrypis i am currently running for various purposes . 
  never any problems if you do n't count bad usb wifi adapter freezing the entire system . 
  have not crashed once so far . 
  my ubuntu machine has multiple times but that is understandable since i run shitloads of experimental stuff and crappy data-analytics code on it . 
  windows 10 seems to work rather well . 
  as does osx 10.10 by crapple . 
  source : i have windows on my gaming machine , osx on my laptop and ubuntu on my work computer . 
  this is actually the case with most of them . 
  the finnish names are just translated . 
  clearly that is not what he said . 
  at least if the language he speaks is indeed english . 
  you are twisting the words to put coherent meaning somewhere where it does not exist . 
  he said `` look what happened in sweden last night '' . 
  since you speak trump ( i fully admit i do not ) could you explain which incident in sweden was he referring to ? 
  no but he referred to something that happened in sweden on a specific day because of the immigrants . 
  no one has any idea what he was referring on since it was a usual boring day in sweden . 
  having followed hit rambling for a darn year already i think the most likely explanation is that he saw some crazy bullshit story in breitbart or infowars and assumed it is true . 
  this . 
  was . 
  awesome . 
  no it really is not . 
  there is a significant jewish minority in iran who are doing quite fine . 
  i suggest you google iranian religious minorities . 
  they have a problem with israel but that does not equal problem with jews . 
  this is essentially correct .
