  maybe the fact that they would have to work hard to standardise the military systems with nato . 
  while eu was not happy with nuland 's remarks about eu i do n't think anyone in west had any big problem in their actions in ukraine . 
  they worked to consolidate the opposition . 
  they did not pick the leader of ukraine , they picked the candidate they supported and they picked the one who was already the strongest candidate at that point . 
  at least if they were not the ones that got tymoshenko arrested earlier . 
  do n't know about that . 
  yatsenyuk was one of the leading politicians in ukraine and already had been offered the position of prime minister by the ousted president yanukovych . 
  later he was chosen because of a parliamentary elections his party won . 
  i would also like to point out that we only have evidence that us officials discussed about who is their favourite candidate and that they do n't like eu and would prefer un as a mediator . 
  the elections were concluded to be free and democratic except in the conflict area where the observers could not freely act . 
  none of that has anything to do with nato . 
  nato is not usa , nor is it uk or spain or canada or estonia . 
  all of these countries can and will do independent foreign and military policy regardless of nato . 
  usa has very limited influence in these policies which have been seen when most of nato was opposed to war in iraq . 
  also the nato bases you are referring to are just military bases of different countries . 
  there are `` nato bases '' in latvia because latvia has military bases in latvia . 
  the amount of forces in nato assignments is very small ( around 18000 iirc ) even when counting all nato activities . 
  only situation where nato members have agreed to always work together is if one of them gets attacked in their home region . 
  so attack in ukraine does not compel nato response since ukraine is not a nato member . 
  however hypothetical attack in estonia would . 
  iraq war was not a nato operation because it was not a defensive war . 
  falklands war was a defensive war but it was not a nato operation because article 5 is limited to defending europe and north america . 
  even hawaii is not considered to be protected by nato . 
  and what do you mean `` against european leadership '' ? 
  who is the non european leader in the region ? 
  edit : and about kosovo , i think this is one of the biggest blunders in russian foreign policy . 
  it was during their moment of weakness and they failed to act where there was a chance to really assert influence . 
  the balkan conflict needed to be ended before another large scale civilian massacre and russia could have had influence in serbia to force a diplomatic solution before things got out of hand . 
  what exactly do you mean by aggression ? 
  i do n't think we have a right do define a country to be a `` buffer state '' unless they want to be one . 
  if russia has a problem with the fact that their neighbours are threatened by them maybe they should try to be friendly with them for a change ? 
  as a citizen of one of those `` buffer states '' i have direct experience with erratic russian foreign policy . 
  basically russia always saw the buffer states as countries they can do whatever the hell they want with and then started throwing tantrums when that changed . 
  and no , i do not see a need for buffer states . 
  nato 's initial purpose has been forgotten for 25 years . 
   who exactly told you nato can just expand ? 
  i do n't get your point . 
   i 'd suggest reading a bit about its origins and the east german liberation and the concessions . 
  i have read extensively about those subjects . 
  what is your point ? 
  so far nato has never been used against russia so i would guess there are quite a lot of reasons for existence for nato with russia . 
  the raison-\u00eatre has not been russia for quite a while because to be honest after the collapse of the soviet union ( and the warsaw pact ) russian military has not been even nearly strong enough to actually be considered a threat in western europe . 
  edit : this is of course different in the more recent eastern european members . 
  mostly nato is used to coordinate military cooperation ( for example the naval surveillance of the mediterranean ) , arrange joint excersises and making sure all the systems are compatible . 
  the defence treaty part has only been used once when usa wanted help after 9/11 . 
  the point of nato , besides cooperation in some missions , simply is that the members consider an attack against one ( in europe or north america ) an attack against all . 
  usa foreign policies in general have nothing to do with nato . 
  for example the iraq war was not a nato operation and was heavily opposed by multiple nato members . 
  how exactly has nato acted on anything ? 
  eastern europe joining nato happened because they wanted to join . 
  anyone who meets the requirements can join the alliance . 
  nato does not and has never actively expanded anywhere . 
  also nato can not be used to attack russia because it has no power whatsoever to coordinate attacks . 
  it only mandates it 's members to defend each other . 
  so if russia feels threatened by the fact that it 's neighbors have a defensive alliance with someone thats entirely russian 's own problem . 
  so would you care to provide some justification for your claims ? 
  yes . 
  i am not sure how wise it is to choose a dictator who commands exactly zero international respect . 
  we 've had fun with erdo though . 
  i guess it 's not that fun if you have to actually live it . 
  ok , i 'm getting confused . 
  what the fuck is happening in there ? 
  ah , i think that is slightly better . 
  they already said they will accept ballots without seal . 
  in finland you automatically lose the citizenship if you have dual citizenship and you have lived in finland for less than 7 years when you turn 22 ( and do not live in finland at the moment ) . 
  however only an official statement that you want to keep the status is required to keep it . 
  and anyone who lost it automatically can also have it back by filling one form . 
  i have no idea what you are trying to say . 
  also i do not think the market would be too happy with denominating loans in some new unstable currency . 
  at least with any reasonable interest rate . 
  they would probably still have to pay in euros or dollars and printing money would not help if no one wants to buy that money . 
  what profit ? 
  by lending them money ? 
  and then stop lending when it seemed they are not able to pay ? 
  there is a difference . 
  while i do not agree with the law it is not the definition of blasphemy . 
  blasphemy is defined by religion , the law is not . 
  that law has also been tested in courts for example for blasphemous pictures and you no longer get sentenced for drawing a pig jesus or terrorist muhammed . 
  the current law is more about offending people rather than ideas . 
  pretty significant bit is the part where it says that your purpose has to be to offend . 
  no its not . 
  has not been for quite a while . 
  sweden is like us but everything is slightly bigger . 
  norway is rich . 
  russia is ... a source of memes at least . 
  estonia sells us alcohol . 
  maybe he though poland was really ahead of time . 
  do n't you hibernate in norway ? 
  it 's a good question . 
  tv is slowly disappearing as an outdated medium . 
  domination is relative . 
  us air force and navy are far bigger than any other nation 's but if you combine eu militaries the number of active fighter jets is roughly equal to the us . 
  and apart from power projection capability the navies would also be close to equal . 
  how exactly do you prevent missile submarine operations ? 
  even if the usn had hundred times the current numbers they would still be unable to stop strategic strikes against cities . 
  what the us does dominate is the power projection . 
  so even if neither side has no chance of actually winning an invasion the us would do better in europe than europe would do in america . 
  well the popularity of right wing populists has at least temporarily dropped but that has probably more to do with their own party chaos . 
  dubbing is just ... wrong . 
  first they spend a lot of time perfecting a scene and pay millions to some really great actor and then some italian dude is going to redo it .
