  it 's $ habsburgs$ you are talking about . 
  wtf ? 
  that just sucks if it 's like that somewhere . 
  during my conscription i shot probably thousands of rounds with 7.62 mm assault rifle ( and i can still disassemble and reassemble that stupid rifle blindfolded ) , hundreds of rounds with 7.62 mm light machine gun , hundreds of rounds with 12.7 mm heavy machine gun and a couple of dozen rounds with 9mm pistol . 
  i did not get to shoot an rpg but we practiced with dummys a lot and we had one with a small gun inside for target practice . 
  in addition we had laser based simulation system for combat training which uses real guns with blank ammo . 
  i also spent some time in an anti aircraft machine gun simulations and had several weeks of group leadership practice . 
  and my specialty was not infantry fighting but naval radio systems . 
  the last 6 months i spent on operative duties on a naval vessel . 
  my brother on the other hand had a comprehensive training for a gunner in leopard 2 . 
  and yes , he got to shoot the gun multiple times . 
  you know when you spend 12 months almost 24/7 there and you have full days of training you have time to do quite a lot . 
  i probably did more than an average us recruit did before first iraq mission . 
  what training do soldiers of the `` professional militaries '' have that conscripts do n't ? 
  or just annoying like hell . 
  my friend had a system for this . 
  make every word diminutive and they all become neuters . 
  my experience is that people ( except crazy people , there always is crazy people too ) have nothing really against israel as a nation but also agree that israeli politics has for decades been the problem that sustains the indefinite conflict in the middle east . 
  it is ludicrously stupid to think that killing a couple of thousand random civilians and destroying all their infrastructure would stop terrorism . 
  i mean , if i was palestinian i would probably be shooting every israeli citizen i can see . 
  and then there are the colonies . 
  about those there should not be any kind of negotiations . 
  they need to be removed . 
  completely . 
  and that is not a concession . 
  that is the default position . 
  the founding of israel was a horrible injustice for the palestinians . 
  the resolutions of the wars after that were even bigger injustices for the palestinians . 
  none of those have ever been corrected or compensated for in any way . 
  but that would point the sharp end at yourself . 
  and that would be stupid . 
  yes . 
  we have what is inside keh\u00e4 iii ( the outer orbital highway around helsinki ) and then we have lapland . 
  there might be something in between but no one can quite remember so we ca n't be sure . 
  politeness ? 
  what is that ? 
  except they did not join the war , the war joined them . 
  oh , how politically correct . 
  we just have the swede to be the idiot . 
  well if i was rich i might move there, 
  they have banned me for some random reason . 
  i was travelling in surrey a couple of years ago . 
  i talked to locals in one small very beautiful village . 
  they said that basically all the buildings there are owned by one very rich woman who then rents them cheaply to anyone living there permanently . 
  they said otherwise the village would quickly turn into a holiday resort for rich people . 
  the real house prices there were ridiculous . 
  it 's nice to live in a country where there are plenty of space to build more little cottages . 
  prices stay reasonable . 
  basically everyone here has one . 
  usually shared with larger family . 
  the word cottage often gives a bit wrong idea . 
  i mean we have beds for ~ 16 people , 100mb internet connection and heating making it completely livable in winter conditions too . 
  which is nice because that means i can work there as easily as i can anywhere else . 
  my grandparents bought the site in the 60s . 
  the main building was finished around the time i was born in the late 80s . 
  it 's a question of how you define race . 
  there are basically different skin colors and a couple of other traits . 
  however genetically there can actually be less difference between me ( about the whitest north european you can find ) and an african black man and that black man and another african black man . 
  edit : i.e. 
  there can be more variation within race than between races . 
  so race is not really a genetic thing . 
  it exists more as a social construct categorizing a couple of superficial traits . 
  i think they are just trolling us . 
  spoken danish does not really exist . 
  they just mumble some nonsense and we think they are speaking . 
  gay . 
  i say this as someone who speaks it pretty well . 
  well they tried a lot for some time starting from 1939 . 
  during the cold war i think they did not want to risk escalating the conflict in europe . 
  i think `` nowhere '' is somewhere in the middle of nevada . 
  to clarify things . 
  soviets did set up a puppet regime `` terijoki government '' that never ruled over anything . 
  they expected a quick victory . 
  after it became clear that there would not be a quick and easy invasion they discarded the puppet and started to negotiate with the actual finnish government . 
  the communists were in government in finland a couple of times during 20th century but they were always democratically elected and democratically removed from power and they never had a majority in the parliament . 
  finland has never had a communist president and only had a communist prime minister for 2 years . 
  sweden . 
  it would be great to simultaneously be able to speak her language and laugh at how stupid it sounds . 
  and swedish girls are hot which is a plus . 
  i was in italy and the only hot girl i saw tried to steal my dads wallet . 
  i only have credit card for online payments and traveling . 
  basically it is usually only used for monthly spotify subscription . 
  i got it because the bank offered a combined debit/credit card . 
  most adults seem to have this kind of card here . 
  most people keep their credit card balance near zero . 
  credit rating is binary . 
  you are fine or you are screwed . 
  big loans are assessed case by case . 
  for me maybe 30 of the \u00c5land islands . 
  for other islands too many to count . 
  edit : iirc there are around a thousand islands bigger than 1km ^ 2 in finland and tens of thousands of smaller ones . 
  i have probably set my foot on around 200 of them . 
  trying to uphold their outdated internal system mostly . 
  in the process they slash around randomly but everyone has already learned to keep their distance . 
  currently we have about 20 useless armies and a couple of basically non existing ones and we are still spending shitloads of money on them . 
  makes no sense . 
  the biggest problem with unified military would be the nationalistic idiots opposing it . 
  i like the neural one . 
  well in finnish `` kuppa '' means syphilis . 
  the first things that came to my mind from the question were weird and i rather spared the details .
