  not really . 
  and is there any good reason to do that ? 
  that was it for this year , hope you enjoyed it . 
  next time the sun world tour gets to britain will be in summer 2018 . 
  knowing swedish politics and judicial system i find it extremely unlikely that he would have been sent to usa . 
  and no you do n't get to choose to stay in a safe place and demand the investigation for your crimes to happen where you can not be touched . 
  that is simply not how justice works anywhere . 
  even the uk authorities did not give him to the us but he is oh so very afraid that the swedish will ? 
  i did not defend anything , i compared things to show quantities . 
  african immigration is objectively not a problem atm . 
  at least not in the dreaded cultural sense . 
  and me simply do n't have enough population to be a threat to european cultures . 
  even if they all emigrate here . 
  you continued to bring up hypotheticals about what african immigration might one day become . 
  well maybe , but that does not have anything to do with today . 
  so what is your solution ? 
  take up some napalm and go burn them all before they decide to start their mass journey here ? 
  that 's the only solution i can come up with . 
  but as i said to someone else the african problem has exactly nothing to do with current immigrants . 
  we literally get more from ukraine and serbia than we do from biggest african immigrant sources . 
  so the problem currently is syrian war . 
  syrian alone produces more immigrants than the entire africa . 
  european borders are not open . 
  they are open for legal refugees that the war in syria and iraq regrettably produces . 
  those we have to take due to international treaties . 
  however not nearly everyone who came can stay . 
  the idea that people just come for better life and immediately get an asylum is false . 
  in finland clearly more than half of the applications were refused last year . 
  aww . . look how well he has already assimilated to the local customs . 
  swedish used to be a lot more used language in finland . 
  it was actually the fact that the intellectuals wanted to separate themselves from sweden and russia that finnish even became an official language in finland . 
  there was a `` language war '' in the late 19th century . 
  basically a bunch of people who spoke swedish argued with another bunch who spoke swedish about if they should speak finnish instead . 
  language was a big unifying factor for a people that was more divided than many realise . 
  now swedish is less prevalent for a couple of reasons . 
  1 . there was a big movement to sweden during the mid 20th century and obviously it was easier for the swedish speaking to leave . 
  apart from the very coastal areas swedish was the language spoken mostly in cities . 
  with big movement from the countryside finnish overtook swedish quickly . 
  i do n't know how much this affected anything but there was actually an erroneous advice given to parents that children should only learn one language . 
  this lead to stupid situations where swedish speaking parents only taught their children finnish . 
  i even know one family where the boys were taught finnish and the girls swedish . 
  really stupid . 
  the worst ones are those who changed their names to finnish versions . 
  they are agents that try to hide !, 
  of course . 
  what do you want to do about it ? 
  and what do the current immigrants have to do with it ? 
  sure but are they all moving here ? 
  if all indians come we will also be in trouble but they only flood the uk it seems . 
  the current crisis is predominantly from the middle east . 
  the asylum applications lists show first african country in 7th place . 
  and the number coming over the mediterranean is small fraction of the number that migrated trough turkey and the balkans . 
  to put it short , the number currently coming from africa is nowhere near big enough to cause problems . 
  edit : it seems there are more refugees from ukraine than there is from nigeria . 
  it actually truly is not . 
  maybe if the current `` worst case '' situation continues for a couple of hundred years . 
  then it would be a problem . 
  if all the people in the middle east moved to europe they would be around a quarter of the population . 
  there are so many of us in europe that the current migration wo n't even make a dent in the cultural makeup . 
  he also was the most popular candidate in the first round where there was many choices . 
  so what is the trait in germany that makes them able to enjoy this when others can not ? 
  exactly like i said . 
  they benefit from the fact that other economies are not as competitive . 
  and it has nothing to do with the previous crisis . 
  this of course has to change . 
  which requires countries to give up independence . 
  it seems you might be an idiot . 
  social spending is stupid if you can not afford it . 
  i am all for it as long as the economy grows faster than the debt . 
  estonia can not afford big debt because they are not a big trusted economy like germany or the usa that can easily swallow big hits . 
  their loan prices are dependent on the fact that they do not have a lot of debt and are thus seen as very trustworthy . 
  it 's great to talk about being nice and reducing poverty and all but that money needs to come from somewhere or we are just piling up bigger problems for the future . 
  as was seen in greece . 
  this . 
  when the central government gets power over that money then we can start talking . 
  a system where the spanish decide on spending that is ultimately payed by germany will never be accepted . 
  no they have not . 
  they have profited from the uncompetitive economies of others but that has nothing to do with the crisis . 
  i do n't think having small amount of debt means that you can afford to spend stupidly and call it `` responsible '' . 
  social benefits are not one time long term investments , they are decades long commitments usually with little economic gains . 
  it 's mostly about the drinking game . 
  but it 's a bonus if the music on the background is not overly annoying . 
  so they judge the performances without seeing them ? 
  in here everyone can afford any education but still education level is highly hereditary . 
  it was a false flag operation !, 
  well they did not give points to bulgaria . 
  bulgaria left about 7 top countries without points . 
  well i was ready to give him 1000 points just because his song did not have the stupid bass beat they put on every damn song . 
  i loved the bulgarian jury vote . 
  they were like `` we have a chance of winning , let 's not give any points to anyone else that has the chance too '' . 
  yeah , i while watching it i thought that i understood why they chose the singer but if they had 300 songs to choose from why did they end up with that one ? 
  spain should take spanish nl back . 
  it would probably triple the spanish gdp . 
  because austria actually mattered and bohemia while being hre was a kingdom . 
  today in helsinki we had sunny weather with a couple of random snowstorms in between . 
  how is that confusing ? 
  is n't australia that country in central europe where the kangaroos live ? 
  you mean slovenia and slovakia are not the same ? 
  quantitative easing is not devaluation and is exactly what ecb has been doing for a long time already . 
  with tens of billions a month .
