  russia has a big population but not much money and not very good infra . 
  so they would probably suck all the development funds . 
  i stopped eating cornflakes at some point just because i can not escape the idea . 
  in essence i am firmly against the terrorism . 
  it 's easy to say that the siege of gaza is wrong but then you can look at the statistics you can see that the siege and the west bank wall pretty much stopped strikes in israel . 
  so obviously it works better than the endless negotiations . 
  however i also see the israeli political problem with palestinians and hardline jews . 
  and i also see that israeli solution to that problem is starting to look like another ethnic cleansing . 
  this time slowly instead of the fast one they did earlier . 
  basically israel has two options . 
  2 state and 1 state . 
  two state solution can not work as long as the colonies are in place . 
  that is clear . 
  and since they seem to have no interest in clearing the colonies i must expect they aim for one state solution . 
  however that causes problem with jews no longer being the majority . 
  which i can not see israel accepting . 
  so at the moment they seem to hope that enough palestinians die or gradually move away so they can annex the land slowly . 
  it is clear to me that there is a large political force in israel that is almost worse than nazis and instead of finding solutions tries to find a way to ethnically cleanse the land without losing western support . 
  what we should do is to use economic sanctions to force some kind of a two state solution . 
  namely force the removal of colonies and retreat to the old borderlines . 
  then we should if needed use a large peace keeping force to make sure palestinians also accept . 
  the palestinian state would not be really economically viable for a couple of decades but it would not be much of a stretch to eu budget to keep it afloat that time . 
  although i would have scored better if i had the change to put them on the map in any order . 
  when i have to start with `` which one is kentucky '' i am pretty lost . 
  also delaware was so damn small that i accidentally clicked maryland . 
  europa universalis used to have a province called finland but in iv it 's for some reason replaced with \u00c5bo ( biggest city in the province ) . 
  i think there might be a renewed push to make it illegal . 
  the jews have pretty much played their antisemitism cards and muslims are not very popular atm so it might get trough eventually . 
  the us practice of non religious circumcision is the weirdest thing ever . 
  it sure is not a proper christian practice as paul in galateans clearly tells non jews not to get circumcised . 
  if i have understood correctly it started as a religious conservative attempt to reduce masturbation ( i mean , how does a man masturbate without foreskin ? 
  with lube ? 
  with a lot of friction ? ), 
  and because everyone was a religious conservative it spread trough the population . 
  however i have hard time believing any liberal parent these days would do it to their son . 
  edit : googled my question , found this thread https://www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/2fwy60/how_do_circumcised_guys_masturbate_if_they_dont/ yeah , the practice should be banned and anyone doing it to a child jailed . 
  it seems that they should test them everywhere at noon every first monday of the month ( after 2009 ) . 
  i wonder why i do n't remember hearing them in ages . 
  maybe they have not noticed the system does not work and everyone is just happy not having to hear the sound . 
  we did . 
  have n't heard them in helsinki since 2000 or something . 
  why would we apologize ? 
  because they have lots of money and you do n't . 
  also popular in finland . 
  he 'd look around and conclude that his work is already done and then finally retire . 
  i think i remember there was some kind of a planned downtime of a couple of minutes around 10 years ago . 
  they did some kind of network control update . 
  rural areas do lose power occasionally due to falling trees during storms but even those lines are largely moved underground now and the companies do remove dangerous trees when necessary . 
  i guess there can be some technical issues in rural areas too where the system can not be fully redundant . 
  in cities you pretty much never lose power . 
  last year there was a case in my university campus where during construction work they accidentally cut some kind of a main line to one apartment building . 
  it took them something like 40 minutes to get a portable generator running and it was fixed next day . 
  you wo n't have any children . 
  the glorious leader will be the father and mother to all future children . 
  there is a province called finland proper . 
  for some reason when finns , tavasts , savonians , karelians etc were put together someone ( probably a swede ) started calling them all finns . 
  it 's a fairly popular drinking game . 
  i shower every day if i am planning on leaving home that day . 
  i also have white hair that looks really dirty if not washed daily . 
  i though danish immigration rules were really strict for a nordic . 
  which i think would also reflect the general opinion about immigration . 
  it is difficult to evaluate the respect towards an educational program . 
  i personally respect them all and it is more a question of how the average student is viewed . 
  i respect the skills a qualified electrician has but not necessarily all the students in the field . 
  the attitudes vary a bit depending on where you live . 
  in many rural areas very few go to the academic path and that would often require moving to different town . 
  in helsinki and other bigger cities almost everyone who qualifies chooses the academic path and vocational education system is full of immature young people ( mostly males ) who are not at all interested in any education and only go there because they can not get unemployment benefits without trying to get some education . 
  says someone who speaks english . 
  i mean even forgetting the fact that a letter can be pronounced in almost any possible way depending on the word , why the fuck all the diphthongs ? 
  i mean by definition a diphthong should be a combination of two vowels but you make single letters diphthongs . 
  it 's just swedish for fine land . 
  probably a real estate agent made up a name for a province there or something . 
  i would support . 
  simply because the money wasted in having separate militaries is just stupid . 
  we pay a lot but do not get too much in return because everyone tries to support their own small air force and navy . 
  even in finland that is . 
  he is a dangerous heretic . 
  do not listen . 
  wtf ? 
  in finland ? 
  lake p\u00e4ij\u00e4nne . 
  there is a 120km long tunnel for the water . 
  you are doomed to fail . 
  this is how it will go : you : `` something in theoretical danish '' the danish : `` something in actual danish '' you : `` i am fairly sure that noise is not a word '' the danish : ... you : oh crap , politeness failed . 
  actually it can be made truly difficult to alter ones and zeros so that no one notices anything wrong . 
  however it is also possible to do things horribly wrong https://xkcd.com/463/, 
  you could be prosecuted of the laws you broke but that does not invalidate the evidence . 
  however i do n't think recording interviews is illegal . 
  publishing without permission might be but evidence in court does not mean publishing . 
  yes it is . 
  we do not live in america . 
  i try to keep my room at around 22 all year . 
  it 's hard during summer when sun shines directly trough the windows . 
  you are supposed to heat those homes . 
  silly uk . 
  it depends a bit on where people live . 
  in helsinki you hear swedish every day so people tend to take it more seriously . 
  in eastern finland people never hear it and that shows . 
  however i think language teaching in general sucks . 
  no one learns languages by sitting in a classroom and trying to remember the 5 declinations of swedish nouns .
