  but it seems to be improving . 
  the only mentions of this i could find from wikipedia were a couple of minor sentences in other articles with `` citation needed '' tags . 
  although most of them are t-73 or older tanks in reserve . 
  russia has around 4000 main battle tanks that can be called relatively modern . 
  i am more interested in their ability to replace tanks with new designs than how many old ones they have in storage . 
  i did not know they were allied . 
  what does that change ? 
  does it make it somehow possible to put kosovo under serbian rule ? 
  i am not arguing from any kind of justice point of view . 
  only from what is possible . 
  and if you look at the numbers in the article , both killed civilians but you get about the double of the total number of serbians massacred from a single albanian mass grave . 
  and there were a lot of those graves . 
  i have read that and i stand by what i said . 
  no sane person would expect albanians in kosovo to concede to live under a serbian government . 
  and i do n't see any other reason besides idiotic nationalism why any serbian would want that . 
  russians have never been a sizable minority here . 
  currently they total around 70000 . 
  and most of those who count as russians in statistics are people of finnic origin like ingrians who immigrated in the 20th century . 
  the rest are descendants of russian soldiers and officials who moved to finland during the 19th century . 
  edit : til that significant number of ethnic russians in finland are descended from the kronstadt naval base rebels who fled to finland . 
  if there were a province where russians were an overwhelming majority and where our government attempted an ethnic cleansing i would say they have a right of separation . 
  no sane person would demand that they would concede to live under a government like that . 
  like i said that is the bad side of a fac . 
  in combat simulations facs usually win against bigger ships . 
  our practice sessions against destroyers usually resulted in simulated missile hits long before they were able to detect us ( i served on finnish hamina class ) . 
  literally the only bad side is that those are not ocean going vessels so their usage is very local . 
  randomly fired missiles will not hit anything . 
  you would usually need an exact target pointer to hit a fac with a missile . 
  targets are a lot harder to find in archipelago and coastal areas than oceans . 
  also if you fire a missile with a searching radar on , it will be detected from a very long range and shot down . 
  a typical anti ship missile only turns independent target finding on when very close to the intended target . 
  facs do have both big radars and aa missiles . 
  hamina class has 3d radar with 200km range and medium range sams . 
  majority was serbs 200 years ago . 
  it changed before kosovo became part of independent serbia . 
  we are concerned about the current situation , not what it was a long time ago . 
  neural networks is just one method in machine learning . 
  it has some advantages but it does not really do anything special that could not be done with other methods . 
  nah , but they always are . 
  doing everything about the same but slightly better . 
  already used to that . 
  ha , suck it nl . 
  i think it is society 's job to prevent crime not to provide vengeance . 
  what do the families get from someone sitting in prison ? 
  what do they get from the prisoner being miserable ? 
  open access has the problem that we can not necessarily know how reliable the process has been so complete bullshit easily looks as reputable than any real paper . 
  there should be a publicly funded publishing agency that would handle the peer review coordination . 
  the institutions could pay some fee for participation but significantly less than the commercial subscriptions now . 
  ironically the article seems to be behind a paywall . 
  i have read a lot of academic papers . 
  it 's sort of a requirement if you need to use information from them . 
  of course in the cruel world of academics not every paper is relevant . 
  some of them wont ever be read . 
  however the relevant papers will be read by thousands of scientists and students . 
  i know what the comic was about and only thing it really said about jews was that they have money . 
  and charlie hebdo has demonstrably published multiple cartoons depicting jews . 
  and the cartoonist has himself admitted to being openly anti semitic . 
  and the reunifying dynasty of yuan was actually mongol conquerors . 
  actually migration had very little to do with it . 
  mostly the problem was economics . 
  at least in finland we do a lot less homework than most places . 
  actually to put it to context , ottoman empire has been gone about the same amount of time that finland has existed . 
  charlie hebdo has published multiple comics mocking jews . 
  the sacked cartoonist was apparently a full on `` kill the jews '' anti-semite . 
  not even the danish . 
  they just pretend they do . 
  one guy at work said that it was otherwise fine but the chain lube started to stiffen up . 
  yesterday in helsinki was very windy . 
  walking outside was horror . 
  i honestly do n't get the point of ubi if it is not self financing . 
  the point of ubi is just that your income can never drop lower than some defined point . 
  the experiment in finland does not really study the cost but the behavior of the participants . 
  we already know that if the behavior is reasonable the system is cost neutral . 
  yes but the profitable lines profit the private companies while the public sector pays for the unprofitable ones . 
  instead of the public sector using the profits from the profitable lines to finance the unprofitable ones . 
  tell me about these experiments . 
  which leads to privatization of profit and nationalizing the cost . 
  tell me . 
  in my opinion the problem is that it does not fix the most fundamental problems in american healthcare system . 
  but neither party there would never agree to actually fixing it . 
  you should check your math . 
  basically the ubi models only pay for those who already receive benefits . 
  everyone else compensates the increased income in higher taxes . 
  this can also be implemented with the negative income tax model where there is highly progressive income tax that turns negative if you earn too little . 
  basic income in most implementation models does not cost extra . 
  the retard lion is missing the prosthetic arm . 
  and boy that would not cause more problems . 
  they would have to cooperate with ypg . 
  not gon na happen . 
  we overflowed the chart with our 150 % . 
  and this is not even fair because swedish does not technically count as foreign . 
  so i only get points from english and rather bad french . 
  i have to say some stuff from his gray days is a bit weird . 
  you are right . 
  we should be more careful with our words . 
  god certainly is not a friend . 
  neo-nazism is mostly a joke in finland . 
  all the groups combined there are probably some hundreds of them . 
  not too many of them are in prison at the same time . 
  being an idiot is not a crime .
