  the estate of per hartwall ( died in 1959 ) has been one of the wealthiest investors in finland during the past decade . 
  karl fazer founded fazer confectionary in the late 19th century . 
  now fazer is the largest food industry company in finland and the fazer family some of the wealthiest investors . 
  but the majority still decides and the others can go fuck themselves . 
  you are a minority shareholder in your society . 
  i 'm sorry but that is not true and has never been . 
  there has never been a state that did not intervene . 
  i would argue that the current us is the closest to that ever and even that is very far . 
  hmm ... why do n't you choose politicians who do not screw you over ? 
  i mean someone has to vote for those assholes . 
  the government is like a corporation where you get to choose the leadership . 
  frankly from my perspective there seems to be something seriously dysfunctional in american democracy . 
  we watch in the news how a senator basically directly says that he is here to take the people 's money and distribute it to his rich friends and still the people vote that guy . 
  but why would anyone celebrate 18th of november ? 
  i do n't think we are . 
  the image probably comes from the fact that during the trade negotiations americans have wanted to get to sell gmo products without marking them as gmo which is not acceptable in eu . 
  we like the customer to have a choice . 
  that sort of creates a continuous backslash against american gmo products . 
  we of course have `` poronkusema '' which means the distance a reindeer can run without stopping to take a leak . 
  around 7km that is . 
  the old measuring units tend to be not too precise . 
  incidentally we also have a word for swedish mil ( peninkulma ) but it fell out of active use around the time the metric system was adopted and the mil was changed to mean exactly 10km . 
  no idea . 
  i do n't read mv . 
  i tried once and felt my brain melt . 
  we also have verkkomedia . 
  although it has been slightly quieter in resent years because the editor became some kind of pro russia news person in eastern ukraine and moved to donetsk . 
  verkkomedia is the home of the the usual conspiracy theorists and chemtrail loonies . 
  they were fun until the forum started to moderate out all critical messages . 
  before mv the antisemites used to hang out in magneettimedia forums . 
  besides of jewish conspiracies that site also had lots of stuff about how cancer is healed by lemon juice and big pharma is bad . 
   * people asking for ways to cheat their way out of the obligation to serve the military do tinnitus or bedwetting work there ? 
  but we usually do tell it to their faces ... 
  but we do too so it 's not inside . 
  well ... i am fairly sure that an average finn knows more about syria than an average syrian knows about finland . 
  even though the level of interest is equally nonexistent . 
  this . 
  i have never heard anyone in job interview here being even the slightest bit interested in where you studied as long as it was an accredited institution . 
  they are interested in what you know not who taught it to you . 
  of course if the interviewer happened to study in the same program that might offer some opportunities to make an impression during the interview . 
  one thing is that we do n't really have really bad universities here . 
  i do n't know if this is different in the us . 
  it is very highly regulated who gets to call themselves a university so you can expect the basic level to be decent . 
  have you ever been to malta ? 
  they have more than one church per square km . 
  on municipal level music education is very much subsidized . 
  as are many other extra curricular activities . 
  i think my 1h cello lesson + 1h music theory + 2h orchestra practice every week costed something like 400 $ a year . 
  i can usually understand written estonian even though i have never studied it . 
  it 's not quite as close as e.g. 
  swedish and norwegian but still not that far . 
  steel beams can not melt jet fuel . 
  the towers fell faster than the speed of light which is impossible according to einstein . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  i do n't think there is any better way of creating more terrorism than this `` war '' . 
  wikipedia says fully automatic weapons are prohibited in germany . 
  pizza delivery : many places in europe ( finland included ) do not tip at all . 
  this however depends entirely on the country . 
  i think food delivery services offer you nice part time opportunities but not necessarily good full time job . 
  $ 1500 a month would be enough to live here but just barely . 
  who would rob a pizza delivery guy ? 
  assault rifles : gun laws vary a bit from country to country but private ownership of automatic weapons is not allowed at all in most of europe . 
  you can probably still get an ak-47 if the automatic option is permanently disabled . 
  getting a handgun for sports or a hunting rifle or shotgun is possible but requires a permit . 
  gun collecting is not very common at least in finland but hunting is . 
  i have been in britain and i still think it is a medieval/colonial theme park where the cities have n't been modernized in a few hundred years . 
  this is the best listing i found . 
  there were like 20 different physician titles occupying most of the actual top of the list , several teacher titles etc. 
  so i will simplify a lot by approximating some kind of averages within professional fields . 
  1 . physicians , surgeons 2 . firemen 3 . nurses , first aid , midwifes 4 . 
  commercial pilots , air trafic controllers 5 . 
  judges 6 . 
  police 7 . 
  teachers 8 . 
  self employed ) 9 . 
  university professors after that there does not seem to be clear trends on the listing i found . 
  the least respected was door to door salesman . 
  their kingdoms were also in modern day iran and egypt and quite many other places . 
  macedonian ( country ) culture is much more recent in the area and can not really trace it 's roots to ancient macedonia . 
  it 's a bit like the modern day turks can not really make claims on the history and legacy of roman empire even though their country is in a very central region of said empire . 
  even if all the middle east ( meaning really everyone there ) moved to europe they would only make up around third of the population . 
  that gives a bit of perspective . 
  so there had to be two cities of civilians destroyed even though a demonstration with any small target would probably have had exactly the same effect ? 
  iirc we roughly went trough the far east situation in the 30s , manchuria etc. 
  then the reasons that lead japan joining the war and how it roughly progressed . 
  we analyzed economic and industrial factors in the war etc. 
  i do n't remember the teacher making any moral judgements but in my opinion it 's really hard to tell a story about blowing up two cities in completely neutral fashion . 
  edit : we do n't divide issues to good side and bad side . 
  any atrocities of war are not justified by the fact that they were fighting the bad guys . 
  it 's irrelevant since very small amount of the forces take part in fighting at any given moment anyways . 
  the relevant question is which side has bigger reserves . 
  so yes , the numbers you should be watching are the amount of defenders and the amount of forces that realistically could have been deployed for invasion . 
  group a is still outnumbered more than that because the group c only stays out because they are not needed . 
  if group a did fight back group c would join the fun . 
  if we continue your person analogy , a school bully is fighting a smaller younger student . 
  his friends form a circle around but do not join the fight . 
  does the smaller one have any chance of realistically fighting back when they stand there ready to act if needed ? 
  well i said almost . 
  nazis went with ethnic cleansing , so did this bunch of people . 
  edit : why i think they are so bad also has to do with the fact that that they are selling blatant murderous level racism as just protecting people .
