  it is human tissue but nothing in it makes it a person . 
  if my mom had done an abortion i would never had existed . 
  so she would have denied my rights in the same way she denied the rights of countless hypothetical children she never had . 
  china maybe . 
  the calibphates did expand about as much as they could and then collapsed to internal impossibility . 
  of course privatization would be more fruitful in a situation where someone is actually willing to pay for the stuff and where the seller is not obliged to sell even if the price is shit . 
  remember that in latin c was always pronounced as k . so the latin word sounded like ` kervisia ' . 
  hard to say which island it is since the map resolution is so poor but apparently they speak their own kind of swedish there . 
  at least when it comes to drinking . 
  it is already a publishing anarchy . 
  except currently the publishers can choose what to put in their papers . 
  you would be amazed by all the shit that wants to be published . 
  this is why we have the market for lots of fake science publishers that take money to publish anything . 
  even the simplest most reliable designs get stuck and need maintenance on the battlefield . 
  a soldier does not really care how `` modular '' his gun is . 
  he is probably much more interested in how fast can he fix it if it malfunctions during a battle . 
  simpler designs are also cheaper to produce . 
  oh great . 
  let 's arrange that . 
  even you fucked up government is better than ours . 
  man ... the lawyers who would arrange that sure have earned their bonuses . 
  this needs a picture of admiral ackbar in a hawaiian outfit, 
  that five is about four more than anyone else if you dont count the ottomans . 
  and that list leaves out everything soviets did . 
  finland is mostly forest now and i am pretty certain finland was mostly forest in 1900 too . 
  i am also a bit curious what is their definition of grasslands . 
  combined the eu armies have hugely more resources than the russian military does . 
  the other factors are debatable . 
  there is no abstract eu to attack . 
  defending eu is also defending the nations in it so i do n't think anyone would be dying for the stars . 
  fly comfortably in the new boeing passive-aggressive jet . 
  experience the intentional delays and extreme slow service . 
  feel the greatness of just one toilet in a huge commercial jet as you try to hold you bladder . 
  taste the guaranteed-to-be-cold coffee . 
  new boeing passive-aggressive airliner . 
  guaranteed to be passive-aggressive . 
  i am curious about russian in finland because if you look at the jobmarket russian is not actually that often asked for . 
  which some of my friends have had to find out . 
  examples ? 
  well he might have made up the entire gulen connection ? 
  like that . 
  he is pathologically megalomaniac and quite paranoid you know ? 
  and he has been breaking turkish constitution from the beginning of his term so i would not put blatant lying out of question . 
  i also want to point out that all the evidence so far published points to erdogan planning to move against those generals etc. 
  long before the coup was started . 
  the lists were ready made . 
  i do n't know what those boxes have . 
  that is for us officials to see and determine if they are credible evidence . 
  until that the turkish government can shut up and wait . 
  primary deficit/surplus tells you if the economy would be sustainable if there was no loans . 
  greek economy used to have deficit . 
  now it has surplus . 
  ehm ... there are several ways of erdogan not having a single shit of evidence . 
  and they being allied some time past has nothing to do with that . 
  i dont know if he has any evidence but unless he provides that evidence the us has no obligation to arrest gulen . 
  i also dont know how much gulen has paid to anyone but i 'd think newspapers might pay to get to show his views on the matter . 
  you know in the world of free media the newspapers usually either report news or publish things that they think the people are interested to read instead of what some asshole on the throne wants . 
  weird . 
  here swimming shorts are forbidden but only because they tend to be used outside the pool too . 
  i have no problems with how people dress while swimming . 
  wear a stormtrooper uniform if you want to . 
  however i find weird that they are talking about integrating people to society by arranging an exclusive swimming day . 
  i mean they can use burkinis if they want to on regular days ? 
  and if they dont want to see people not wearing burkinis they have a huge problem . 
  well to be honest back then the app market was non existing for other phones too . 
  i dont know i was not there but that was what wikipedia said . 
  yes , which was the way medieval ( and later ) constantinopleans called the city even though it was not the official name . 
  hence a slang phrase . 
  actually i sometimes do since in some languages it is still referred to as constantinople . 
  istanbul is a greek slang phrase that was already used in bysantine era and that the turkish government made official quite a lot later . 
  edit : still find a bit odd to call kaliningrad k\u00f6nigsberg since k\u00f6nigsberg and it 's heritage was really in every way destroyed . 
  i thought they are used mainly for teen sex . 
  actually i dont think that classification is a particularly hard task for a machine learning system . 
  well eu can not really give warnings to erdogan since he has not agreed to be nice . 
  the risk is the same however . 
  a government or a leader tries to install itself as an irreplaceable component in a country . 
  probably true, 
  i dont know . 
  there are some governments in europe that have taken actions to weaken the constitutional foundations of the country to support their own power . 
  they just are not full on megalomaniac assholes like erdogan . 
  yes but it is really weird . 
  if the foot soldiers though they were on a drill what were they supposed to do when the shooting starts ? 
  i would say either the soldiers are lying or the coup was never intended to succeed . 
  at least not using those soldiers . 
  no but the point was that he wants the uk citizens the right to stay in the eu which is one reason why he does not want to deport eu citizens currently staying in the uk . 
  in that sense it would be a retrospective action against the eu citizens . 
  in general if the end to end encryption is done right the company can not access the messages i.e. 
  they can not open them any more than the authorities can . 
  for it to be possible they would have to compromise the security for everyone . 
  this is the same issue than with the iphone case a couple of years ago . 
  apple can not access the data in the phones . 
  it is encrypted and unless they have the key they can not open it . 
  creating a backdoor would compromise everyone . 
  they do n't get to devices as easily as you think which was a big issue a while back with terrorists and iphones . 
  i am fairly sure that my work computer with linux does not allow them to check my passwords either . 
  the browsers i use are open source so it 's a bit hard to hide password sharing code in those either . 
  i am not sure about windows though . 
  you can of course listen to network traffic to get the passwords but that tends to be encrypted too so at least it is slow and expensive to get anything . 
  getting into an unprotected wifi would of course let them in to pretty much everything but that would require physical presence . 
  and stupid enough target .
