that depends on the time period like already pointed out . 
  however there is a much more annoying pronunciation weirdness . 
  i think the choir must be german or something with their `` oiropa '' . 
  it is europa for god 's sakes . 
  edit : i 'm also fairly certain `` caelo '' is not `` seelo '' regardless of time period . 
  high amount of homework does not make education better . 
  yet they can easily manage to dub children 's movies with great quality . 
  strange that is . 
  maybe the market is magically bigger for children 's movies . 
  or maybe they realized that not everyone in the world can read and thus some people need dubbing . 
  we use subtitles and sometimes the interview is translated after the original is heard . 
  i do n't remember watching news where the translator would have spoken over the interview . 
  i really can not understand the dubbing thing . 
  i mean someone pays ridiculous sums of money to an actor to do a great performance and then they replace his work with some random italian dude . 
  this is even worse when a sound designer has done a great job with the original voice like with darth vader . 
  then someone just speaks everything with normal voice and maybe someone adds a little bit of bass . 
  i mean , fuck you , learn to read . 
  edit : if a e.g. 
  german guy asks another if j.j. abrams did a good job with episode 7 what can he answer ? 
  he did not see the movie directed by abrams . 
  i had a pirated vhs of pocahontas with one estonian man doing all parts . 
  it was truly hilarious . 
  i once tried to go hiking with one but it turned out it was no good trying to talk to a trekking pole . 
  but ... can someone actually understand it when the danish speak english ? 
  i dont know about danish but swedish is quite consistent if you do n't count the stupid things they do with ` k ' . 
  yes to most of those . 
  and really what would change if there was a nordic union ? 
  i can already move to sweden as easily as i can move to my neighboring town ( though my friends have told me that it is harder to move to denmark - they have to go to some office and tell them that they are nordic ) . 
  everything works about the same way . 
   offered me 250eur . 
  i got ten times that from my first summer internship . 
  conclusion : get a job in finland that requires moving to romania but still pays finnish salaries . 
  again completely irrelevant . 
  google play has an effective monopoly in android app distribution . 
  in finland first degree equations and basic trigonometry comes in 7th year of primary school iirc . 
  i think the swedish system is about similar . 
  the high school basically starts with second degree equations . 
  the last year in high school maths concentrates mostly on integrals and stuff like that . 
  edit : in finland we have two separate math curriculums in high school though . 
  the `` short '' one concentrates on mostly basic stuff ( like basic probability things and basic differentials ) . 
  that is completely irrelevant to the anti monopoly laws . 
  people can choose not to eat bananas but you can still have a banana monopoly . 
  yes . 
  and you can program your own os if you know how . 
  that is not what this is about . 
  google has an app ecosystem built on android . 
  they have almost a monopoly in app market and it is against the law to use that monopoly to prevent competition . 
  companies like google do not need to grow . 
  they need to not use their ecosystem to prevent others growing . 
  or maybe he answered a question about ms ? 
  yes you are right of course, 
  in many places they use the cooling water from power plants directly in radiators . 
  that stuff is 1 . pretty damn hot and 2 . not really drinkable . 
  read what i said . 
  i dont think anything you said actually makes sense . 
  what does it matter when the elements required for consciousness start to form ? 
  a wheel does not a car make even if it is required to have a functioning car . 
  and yes if my brain is still functioning normally it still creates me if you remove it from the body . 
  and we are not interested in life really . 
  i have no problem with the fact that scratching my balls ends the life in several cells . 
  nor do i feel the slightest remorse over a fruit fly i squashed . 
  it is people we are interested in . 
  if it was possible to move my consciousness to a machine i would still be me and still be valuable even though nothing in me would technically be alive in the literal meaning of the word . 
  i really did not get what you tried to say with `` if it is not a baby then the woman can not be pregnant '' thing . 
  well the fact that it is essentially a very harmful parasite in other persons body is enough of a reason . 
  actually this is a good question . 
  a child is usually not in any way aware of `` self '' before about 2 years of age iirc . 
  even after they learn to speak they have difficulties distinguishing between the self and the others . 
  when you smile to a baby the baby smiles back . 
  that does not actually tell you that the baby is happy . 
  it just tells that one part of the brain works as it should . 
  entirely automatic . 
  when you put a nipple in baby 's mouth he starts to suck . 
  again not because he wants to drink but because there is an automatic system for it . 
  we really become people when our brain learns to rationalize our actions . 
  however we can not really draw a clear line where the developing human becomes something that can be a person . 
  this is why i fully support playing safe and making late pregnancy abortions allowed only in special cases . 
  people watch pictures of minuscule hands of aborted fetuses and feel bad . 
  that is an irrational reaction . 
  that hand was not part of someone . 
  it was a part of a house where someone might one day have moved in . 
  my genes do not make me . 
  when i scratch my balls a scratch out a lot of cells that have my genome . 
  those cells are not me nor are they human . 
  edit : darn it there are much more i would like to open in these ideas but writing on a phone is slow . 
  a teenager is a self conscious person . 
  so is a pensioner . 
  a fetus is not . 
  i actually carefully formed the sentence so that i never said she aborted me . 
  i am not my body . 
  i would argue that i am the unique pattern my brain forms . 
  before the brain has formed a self conscious system there is no me . 
  why does something have inherent right to life just because it 's dna is human ? 
  it is people that have right to life and just having human cells does not a person make . 
  it is human but it is not a person . 
  there is a huge difference . 
  killing human life is wrong if it involves killing people . 
  a brain dead patient is no longer a person so keeping him alive is similar to growing tissue in a lab . 
  just because the dna is human does not make it a person . 
  an early fetus is a similar case .
