  many properties of japanese blades , including the beautiful shape of a katana is a byproduct of the forging process designed to make a quality blade out of shitty materials . 
  it 's not actually a design choice . 
  however i have seen a katana blade hit an european sword and not break so the video is not representive of all katanas . 
  still in general the european long sword design is superior in almost every aspect . 
  but why we still have belgium ? 
  should n't we fix our mistakes ? 
  why do we have belgium anyways ? 
  hey , we are not crazy . 
  the distance is no more than 45m . 
  that has been improving in finland at least . 
  a smoker in a bus stop is no longer a common problem . 
  but he was so nice at first . 
  the pedophile part came later . 
  i can . 
  so danish actually becomes understandable when the speaker is drunk ? 
  interesting . 
  but crimea costed and still costs a lot . 
  basically it has no real economy anymore and lives from the federal money . 
  i was banned from there for saying in r/europe that russia is not economically relevant for most of the world . 
  you make no sense whatsoever . 
  the point is that there would not be spanish resources . 
  there would be european resources . 
  and attack on europe , not attack on britain . 
  this of course assuming britain does not leave the eu . 
  the spanish would of course expect that their own security risks are appreciated also . 
  spain has on occasion supported argentinian position because of their own dispute over gibraltar but i dont think an average spanish has particulary strong opinions about the issue . 
  spanish people can correct me if i am wrong and explain what weird reason they might have to support argentinian claims . 
  so spanish bureaucrats are better ? 
  absolutely they would . 
  or i dont think anyone is happy to fight anywhere but if i was a soldier in the european military i would defend the falklands . 
  and with the european size resources the operation would be much less a gamble than what it was for the uk in the 80s . 
  well in finnish if there is a compound word where the first part ends with the same vowel that the next starts you are supposed to use a hyphen . 
  so the first example with four vowels that pops to my head is be j\u00e4\u00e4-\u00e4\u00e4li\u00f6 ( ice idiot , not a real word but technically fine ) . 
  i think with a bit of practice it would be entirely possible to understand danish . 
  it just has nothing to do with written danish . 
  never more than two same letters in a row . 
  also a double consonant can exist only between vowels . 
  actually i do n't think native finnish words ever have more than two consonants in a row . 
  two same consonants in a row make a long consonant sound if that is possible ( frikatives ) . 
  if it is not ( plosives ) it signifies a short break before the consonant that makes it sound longer ( like holding the plosive longer ) . 
  a double vowel is just to signify that that sound is long . 
  unlike in french where some completely random set of rules tell when a vowel is long and when it is short ( and which ones you can forget completely ) . 
  oh yes but i can assure that with a students income level i did not pay taxes either . 
  or rather stop intentionally breaking it further . 
  i never paid anything . 
  in fact i was paid for studying . 
  i do research while sitting in sauna . 
  and mexico is paying my saunalab . 
  reading the comments i really like the weirdly positive atmosphere trump creates . 
  `` i am not the biggest fan of our leaders but at least they speak in coherent sentences . '', 
  why bother ? 
  israel would never accept it anyways . 
  i am quite sure they all would accept it . 
  they would form a strong majority of the population . 
  except they never annexed any territory . 
  they occupied territory and started settling it ( which is unambiguously illegal ) . 
  i am fairly sure palestinians would be quite happy to be annexed but that does not work for israel because there is too many palestinians . 
  if i steal 1000 $ and then agree to give 100 $ back did my victim really gain something ? 
  or did he lose 900 $ ? 
  i would actually prefer the idf to fully control the situation instead of the current pretending . 
  it 's also a question of principle . 
  we should not allow someone to break rules just because they can . 
  and quite frankly the oslo accords really got them nothing . 
  the problem is that the neutral status is withdrawing from all the settlements everywhere . 
  wanting even one settlement to stay is israel making demands not giving concessions . 
  if i was palestinian i would refuse to talk without removal of the settlements since there is really nothing except political theater to be achieved with the settlements there . 
  he 's not being downvoted for facts . 
  he 's being downvoted for what he thinks those facts imply . 
  that , while not stated , can be interpreted from the comment he answers to . 
  and it is not viable with settlements in place . 
  so we are stuck with the current situation . 
   the yazidis also do n't have a state , they are a perfectly integrated , lawful , and lovely community in armenia -- i 've never felt any to have any potential for terrorism ... 
  ignoring everything else you said i just want to point out that the problem is not having their own state . 
  the problem is that they are actually a majority population in the area but completely unable to affect their situation politically as they are not citizens of the country controlling the territory . 
  the few palestinian arabs living in israel proper are well integrated and peaceful . 
  the around three million arabs expelled from israel proper in an ethnic cleansing are not peaceful ( or were not since they are getting old ) . 
  the arabs living in the occupied territories without citizenship rights are not peaceful . 
  israel has a major problem because as obama said , without two state solution they have to choose between oppressive undemocratic state or a state where jews are a minority . 
  they can not have jewish state and democracy . 
  at the moment they are choosing oppression and apparently just hoping that things magically get fixed while they concentrate on winning votes from ultranationalists . 
  guy who for some reason has about twice the number of subscribers in youtube than any other channel . 
  i do n't get it . 
  scandinavian languages look pretty much like english but with some \u00e5 , \u00e4 , \u00f6 or \u00f8 thrown in . 
  if you leave out the words with french origin even the vocabulary is about the same . 
  finnish has longer words in general and no articles or prepositions to create short words . 
  that 's why we cruise to sweden so much . 
  well if you know swedish ( or norvegian i expect ) you understand why danish is hilarious . 
  and why not spread this hilarity to others too ? 
  edit : although there are universally understandable things too . 
  like wtf is wrong with their numbers ? 
  i disagree . 
  all his speeches are very carefully dumb . 
  they are incoherent and usually completely besides the original point but they repeat the right words in just the right places . 
  he does not aim to say anything . 
  he could ( and he does ) mumble any bullshit out of his mouth and that does not matter the slightest . 
  the couple of right words in right places repeated in the right rhythm and he creates the feeling he wants in his listeners . 
  they are not interested in facts anyways . 
  sk\u00c5l !, 
  well done . 
  we got hit bad by the crisis and the russian problems cause more trouble for us .
