  `` language '' has one a that is like our \u00c4 and one silent . 
  in `` barely '' it is like our e . in `` related '' it is ei . 
  that 's already 5 different ways and none of them is what a is in most of the languages . 
  no operator overloading . 
  remembering to use genders . 
  i say he when i should say she . 
  or with neither . 
  delicious anyways . 
  one of the greatest naval commanders ever . 
  one of those few individuals with the ability to see when breaking the conventions could be beneficial . 
  and you still like them ? 
  impressive . 
  most of us probably have ancestry in several countries . 
  i find it interesting to know the history of my ancestors but it does not really mean anything today . 
  hell , most of us can probably trace our ancestry to fucking charlemagne . 
  however i do n't mind someone in america calling himself finnish if he has reasonably close ancestry here and speaks finnish or swedish . 
  i do n't know . 
  our police has bad situations quite often . 
  usually they just do not use their gun . 
  and somehow usually everything goes well . 
  you do n't have a dishwasher in your cottage ? 
  you poor thing . 
  actually it is in urban areas except in parks ( probably this was originally to officially allow some alcohol in a picnic but everyone knows what these kind of exceptions lead to . 
  however the police generally has better things to do than making people angry . 
  btw was the day you passed trough the park 1.5 . ? 
  1 ) we do have local police departments ( 11 of them ) although they are coordinated and the department heads are appointed by a centralized police command . 
  the biggest difference between the us system and the system we have in finland is that the training is centralized and usually takes about 3 years . 
  apart from local police departments we have a national bureau of investigation which is intended for serious crimes and international things . 
  we used to have a separate department for traffic patrolling on highways but that is part of local departments now . 
  2 ) they seem to be quite effective national or local . 
  mostly extremely professional . 
  finnish police ( even though they always carry a gun ) only fires around 10 shots a year and only 1-5 of those shots are intended to hit a person . 
  most of them probably never get to use their gun on duty . 
  i think that tells a lot about how good they are in their job . 
  3 ) who do you think writes the laws the police enforces ? 
  i do n't think having local police force has any effect on this . 
  in the us people seem to have this weird mistrust of federal things . 
  why would your state or even your local municipal officials be any more trustworthy ? 
  while i was in high school we used to have parties on one particular park in helsinki . 
  the police used to come over a couple of times a night to say that the nearby restaurant is complaining again . 
  and if we had cars they checked the drivers but after that they just told us to carry on . 
  most of us were underage so they technically should have taken our drinks . 
  i have an academic background so most people around actually speak english every day and have very unnoticeable accents . 
  however if you do n't know what proper finnish accent is listen to hydraulic press channel in youtube . 
  i have sort of learned to like it . 
  singing is a separate issue as english is a stupid language that is almost unintelligible when sung even by natives . 
  cmx is one of the most influential bands in finnish rock scene . 
  they started with hardcore punk and progressed trough weird acid stuff to progressive rock and metal . 
  they have a legendary song called matti : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mw_7nx0iqtc lyrics are roughly translated : there 's a hut on the field , there 's matt in the hut , there 's cancer in matt , lalala laa . 
  there 's a bucket in the hut , there 's shit in the bucket , there 's blood in the shit , lalala laa . funny thing is that later the band did things like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70_tikoa36k&amp;index=1&amp;list=pl654d2ab8bc631f47, 
  quite well explained by the swedish answers . 
  also in swedish wikipedia . 
  this is something i dont understand . 
  surely your shoes are a lot dirtier than your feet ? 
  or do you wash your shoes but not your feet ? 
  i only have shoes on when walking outside or in public areas . 
  why would i want to use them at office ? 
  well if you install marble it should be easy to put on heating there too . 
  we in finland heartily agree . 
  as long as it is just us doing it . 
  i peel it in the only obvious right way . 
  why would you want to do it the wrong way ? 
  with an instructions to how to assembly some other car . 
  and parts that kinda almost fit together but not quite . 
  i had a friend who worked at a clothing store . 
  she said that they had this policy they could not speak about ( because that would have been a racism scandal ) that whenever a roma person comes in one employee must always discretely follow them . 
  this was because a staggering number of them tried to steal something . 
  i myself worked at a grocery store years ago . 
  the roma were always the ones causing the most trouble . 
  one case that comes to mind was when a woman bought a bread and then 30 minutes later wanted to return ( packaging opened ) it and money back for no reason . 
  i endured 10 minutes of shouting because i refused to take it back . 
  of course this is an anecdote but this type of incidents were really common from that one group and almost unheard of from anyone else . 
  i am more surprised if a young roma man has a ticket when using public transportation than if he does n't . 
  it 's almost like they got some sort of societal prestige from cheating others . 
  to put it short , they refuse to integrate , making sure they stay in their distinct groups , they refuse to get educated ( to the point of forcing children to not get education beyond the compulsory elementary school ) . 
  the problem is that many trades they traditionally hold to high regard simply are not relevant in modern society . 
  but they refuse to move with the society . 
  that causes trouble . 
  this was describing those who have lived here for generations and had all the time to integrate . 
  we actually have less problems with the beggars . 
  i mean they are annoying , you would never see a finnish person begging on the street but now we have hundreds from romania . 
  but they rarely cause more trouble than begging . 
  my employer gave us woolen socks . 
  shoes are forbidden in the office . 
  it is obvious . 
  some people just are blind . 
  nothing is obvious to the blind . 
  but one day they will realize how wrong they are and come around to apologize for their stupidity . 
  actually feet only stink if you keep them in shoes for the entire day . 
  take shoes of and your feet stop stinking in about 5 minutes . 
  i really do n't get what people perceive as polite in bringing all the stuff they have in their shoes to the floors . 
  especially in france . 
  have you seen the amount of dog shit on streets ? 
  i feel like i would want to wash the floor if someone walks there with shoes on . 
  it 's currently -1 c outside and i am not wearing even socks inside . 
  the floor is perfectly fine . 
  the trick is not to make it from stone . 
  only if he agrees to move there immediately . 
  no the $ fuckers $ were just the bankers . 
  or was it fuggers ?
