  one euro coin would probably take around 0.0000012 m ^ 2 of space on average . 
  thus one truck would take around 33000000 coins . 
  so the 2.42 billion fine would be a bit over 73 truckloads of 1 euro coins . 
  so which one are you claiming ? 
  are european countries never called fascist or do they deserve it ? 
  you can not have both . 
  and just a reminder that it was soviet union that attacked and occupied the baltic , not the other way around . 
  and no , the russophobic finnish officials is in entirety made up . 
  it comes up in media around every other year that russian media is again writing made up stories about russian families being mistreated by child services etc. 
  those claims are always taken seriously and nothing is ever found . 
  edit : i should add that this is very periodical . 
  whenever russian government has a political interest in being friendly like with some major diplomatic meetings etc the media starts to write very positive things . 
  [ harem ] ( https://www.ssbwiki.com/images/c/c6/pac-man_ghosts.png ), 
  i know that finland has been called fascist . 
  and finish officials russophobic and hostile to russians living in finland . 
  estonia also gets called fascist quite regularly . 
  what is the definition of a ship ? 
  the strategic subs are huge . 
  not quite as huge as carriers but still . 
  obviously they represent young turkish women . 
  and playing pacman has created me an irresistible urge to eat them . 
  i just hope turkish women would also play pacman and develop a need to be eaten . 
  it would be a really bad ship . 
  or a submarine . 
  sounds rather expensive, 
  though this is only true for objects that float . 
  we do n't know know yet how well the british carriers float . 
  i do n't see how common procurement of military equipment would make them less able to defend themselves . 
  poland is already using weapon systems from all around the world . 
  although majority seems to still be a random set of old stuff from soviet era . 
  the main battle tank comes from germany so there went the stupid argument for defending against them . 
  also the submarines are originally german ( except for the one kilo ) as are some of the other ships . 
  the american stuff seems to be the f-16 fighters , some older armoured personnel vehicles , old helicopters and some second hand frigates . 
  great for us is that poland seems to also have a significant number of finnish vehicles . 
  nah . . esperanto sounds completely unconvincing . 
  when you listen to it it 's really hard to take the speaker seriously . 
  a bit like with spanish . 
  lets go with latin . 
  much cooler . 
  a useless industry is just eating everyones money . 
  if they can produce something useful they can compete . 
  if indeed this interpretation of yours about the state of eastern european military industry is correct then i would suggest they specialise to things they are good at . 
  however i would like to ask to which specific companies are you referring to ? 
  you do realize that we always have produced huge number of different small arms . 
  because it is not countries that do it , it is the companies . 
  h & k is not germany . 
  then when new weapons are needed the companies compete and the best offer is chosen . 
  that is why many countries use german and austrian and even belgian small arms , those companies won the contracts . 
  often production is licensed . 
  that is not the real problem because the price of those weapons is relatively small and standardization does not probably drop it significantly . 
  the big money is in fighter jets , ships and tanks and all the maintenance facilities those need . 
  the production lines have to be modified for every production , not just tanks . 
  and i do n't think it 's more difficult to make a t72 line produce leopard2 than it is to make it produce any new tank . 
  you want it to continue producing an obsolete useless tank ? 
  and you still kinda missed the point of distributed production . 
  and if the eastern military industry sucks it needs to either reform or die . 
  no sense to pump money to useless industry . 
  which the eastern european countries know too . 
  are they buying new t72s or are they buying leopard2 ? 
  how much is that industry producing atm ? 
  or does it mostly exist for strategic reasons ? 
  production is easy to distribute so there might well be production sites in eastern europe . 
  small arms standardization is not that important as long as ammunition is the same . 
  with bigger systems the production usually includes systems from multiple companies from multiple countries . 
  if you buy a ship it will probably have radars from one company , missiles from another , guns from one more , engines from elsewhere etcetc . 
  the actual shipyard just designs the ship and puts parts together . 
  same with tanks . 
  we require more of it . 
  and remember to spawn more overlords . 
  in norway you 'd get maybe a pint of bad beer . 
  now i think of popes touching each other . 
  thanks man . 
  my lte connection is much more reliable ( and faster ) than the usual public wifis . 
  also when moving the delays with switching networks are annoying . 
  or things like automatic joining on the the damn university network just because the bus i was traveling in passed by . 
  nicer when i simply do n't have to think about it and everything works all the time . 
  i use youtube , spotify , reddit and occasional tinder during those bus trips so i need the constant connection . 
  only the last sentence of your post is correct . 
  the rest is either wrong or entirely irrelevant to the issue . 
  to clarify your deeply confused mind , the validity of what i said is not in any way dependent on how happy the crimeans are now or were before . 
  nor on how well ukrainian economy does compared to russian one . 
  also i would like to comment on one of your point : the administration made russian law apply retroactively . 
  so crimean dissidents were and are prosecuted according to russian laws for `` crimes '' that happened before the annexation . 
  i do n't think anyone claims that crimean majority does not support russia . 
  for it to be legal ukraine needs to accept the referendum in the first place . 
  there is a reason why separation referendums are unconstitutional almost everywhere . 
  a system where majority can decide anything is not a democracy but a majority dictatorship . 
  for example in a democracy the majority can not decide to take the property of the minority even if the majority were happy about it . 
  in this case a majority decided that the minority has to change citizenship and very possibly lose their homes , language rights etc. 
  not only that the majority made it illegal for the minority to campaign against it ( if you did not know even suggesting separation from russian federation can get you a prison sentence ) . 
  edit : just to make a point , crimean tatar representative body was outlawed by russian administrators after the annexation . 
  apparently they were `` extremist separatist organization '' . 
  and the referendum was organized in an extremely hurried fashion without political discussion to even let the people know what they were actually deciding and with russian military visibly present . 
  the opposition did not even bother to participate as they knew it would make no difference . 
  did they know when voting that international tourism would disappear for years or decades ? 
  did they know about russian economic problems ? 
  and did they have time to think about those factors ? 
  i do n't think that would have necessarily changed the result but do n't you see why the entire referendum was a joke ? 
  separation referendums are not generally accepted internationally without the consent of the government in question . 
  scottish referendum would have been accepted because it was supported by the british government .
