  the killer does not get a bigger sentence for being a neo-nazi unless the killing was connected to that somehow . 
  in this case it was not a hate crime but resulted from a confrontation started by the victim . 
  and large part of why he died is because he left the hospital against recommendation . 
  however the victim being a junkie and about as much a scum than the killer does not mitigate things either . 
  grey means that the researchers how tried to get data about the homicides were murdered . 
  this map implies that there are no women in norway . 
  this is completely false . 
  the women there just have beards just like men so they are harder to recognize . 
  actually we have shitloads of guns . 
  but we do n't use hunting rifles to kill each other . 
  i mean those are for animals and we are not animals right ? 
  seriously , a typical homicide in finland is one where one drunkard wakes up in the morning and finds his drunkard friend stabbed to death but remembers very little about what happened during the night . 
  edit : real planned murders or robbery murders are extremely rare . 
  the least accent you can find in universities . 
  lots of people from different areas and everyone wants to give a civilized impression . 
  basically in the early 20th century about half of the population in helsinki spoke swedish . 
  the kids from different families needed a common language so this weird slang was developed . 
  basically it is either finnish or swedish but with roughly unified vocabulary . 
  no one really speaks it anymore ( except some really old people ) . 
  nowadays it lives mostly as some weirdness in helsinki area vocabulary . 
  most words are either swedish or russian . 
  edit : although some of the etymology are pretty darn convoluted . 
  have you noticed that there is a pattern within the autocratic regimes to label anyone a bit inconvenient as `` western stooge '' . 
  careful with what you say . 
  i just got banned from r/russia . 
  even though i have n't written anything there for quite a while . 
  apparently their moderators do not allow evaluating actual russian influence even outside their sub . 
  well what does the size matter then ? 
  must be big then . 
  there are currently 186 nuclear power plants in europe and they form around 15 % of energy production . 
  so they need a solar plant worth about 1200 nuclear reactors to power europe . 
  swedish language has this weird thing that k is in some random cases pronounced as ch or sh or some weird noise . 
  people in southern sweden just are crazy in one more case . 
  not really . 
  the huge area comes from the fact that russia is a huge area . 
  their diplomatic influence is actually not very big outside some of the former ussr and large part of that is based on just bullying their neighbors or subterfuge like silently funding radical parties in europe . 
  for example the economic decisions in the us or china or eu are significant everywhere . 
  russia on the other hand has economy about the size of italy and about as unstable too . 
  significant only in the local area . 
  they are somewhat relevant to us in finland but sweden could not care less about what happens in russian trade policies . 
  but decisions he is free to make are not that influential . 
  russia is not big enough to have real global significance like the us does . 
  you are in fact supporting terrorism with your comments in this thread . 
  so why should people be supportive of you ? 
  if everyone is allowed to send the same number of reporters the problem is not as big . 
  to limit the number would basically require some kind of licence system to choose who gets to be there . 
  and when the government issues licences on who gets to report on them we are in trouble . 
  how exactly is the press handled in `` european '' system and how does the polish system differ ? 
  international debt is usually in some stable international currency ( namely dollar , euro or pound ) . 
  this is because using more unstable national currency is an additional risk for investors and the interest rate would be considerably higher . 
  of course they are . 
  they do that all the time . 
  everyone who does not defaults . 
  and that is a big thing . 
  to put it in other words , the amount of debt is not very relevant . 
  ability to pay back the debts that are coming due is . 
  quite a lot of countries have defaulted even though they had their own currency . 
  printing more drachma does not help if no one is willing to buy that drachma with euros because the debt is in euros . 
  with drachma greece could probably have gone a bit longer by faking growth with inflation . 
  however that is not really sustainable . 
  but since that relocation would only bring tax benefits ( unlike relocating manual production to low wages country ) it is quite easy to block it just by , you know , taxing them . 
  put on a tariff and suddenly it is much more profitable to stay . 
  also the robots and the ai will need human specialists for quite a while . 
  they are harder to come by in tax havens . 
  well i have to say when i was i child i was in every way superior to uk children . 
  so seems legit . 
  you should remember that coastal area equals more wind and rain . 
  it can feel much worse to be in 0c with sea wind and humidity than just having -25 c. 
  there is some concern in finland about differences inside the country . 
  students from the helsinki metropolitan area would be on the top of the list but more rural areas have somewhat lower scores . 
  i served a year in finnish navy . 
  the only problem the russians caused was their bad habit of sailing the gulf of finland in the middle of the night during weekends . 
  which meant that according to the protocol we had to get up , go check which ship is sailing , and take some pictures . 
  i mean i was ready to start a war one some of the 3am sorties . 
  wait , someone still has data limits ? 
  why would you have data limits ? 
  i think it was chosen precisely because it was not just an interceptor . 
  the only difference between f-18 and fa-18 is the letter in the name . 
  if a sensor gives faulty data there really is nothing you can do to fix that . 
  and that is why these systems supposedly have multiple redundant sensors . 
  i think uk was really the only major country supporting turkish eu membership . 
  and then they used that to get support for leaving eu ? 
  great . 
  but really faulty measurements are in general quite easy to detect . 
  especially in kalman context where you would at least end up with huge prediction errors in case of faulty imu . 
  if they did not do any kind of hardware problem detection that 's just stupid . 
  this is of course assuming they do n't integrate the imu too long before other measurements . 
  not an esa programmer but done a lot of stuff with inertial sensors . 
  all of this sounds really stupid . 
  i do agree that real good cheddar is one of the best things i can put to my mouth and a lot better than those weird smelly things the french call cheese . 
  that 's not what 's popular though . 
  i do n't think they never closed it . 
  you do n't get the brilliance of this . 
  they can put a chat bot to answer the calls and no one will ever have to hear complaining about someone explaining stuff . 
  it 's not that bad if you can wash your mouth with alcohol . 
  however the smell will kill anything in three mile radius . 
  so you mean the norvegians north of keh\u00e4 iii ? 
  well its not like the driver can do much with the puking drunks anyways . 
  not to mention , women do it too . 
  is that mansplaining or should we call that womansplaining or something ?
