  default is an option exactly as much as it was when the crisis began . 
  actually now it is easier because the banks are secured . 
  and having own currency does not affect that . 
  eu does not force france to take immigrants . 
  immigrants come regardless of anyone 's wishes and currently only refugees are accepted anywhere in europe . 
  and like i said the immigration from old french colonies has exactly zero to do with eu . 
  there is no eu rule that forces france to take them . 
  and usa did a lot to survive 2008 but they for sure did not restructure debts and devaluate . 
  and devaluation only helps if the country has significant industrial production . 
  when the debt is in foreign currency ( usually ) devaluation does not help with them . 
  restructuring debt means default which was always and still is an option but it is an option they wanted to avoid . 
  i just said that the solutions are not easy . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  greek economic slavery has very little to do with euro . 
  them having their own currency would not solve anything . 
  and funnily enough the eu immigrants do n't seem to be a problem for anyone . 
  they come mostly from u.k. , italy germany portugal and spain . 
  the french also emigrate to those countries . 
  the problem is the immigration from former colonies which has absolutely nothing to do with eu . 
  what solutions ( i mean real solutions that would actually solve something instead of creating a million new problems ) does le pen offer ? 
  no one is ignoring the problems she brings up . 
  others are just actually thinking for solutions rather than offering no real solutions and using those problems to scare people . 
  of course it 's not so popular when the solutions are not easy and simple . 
  even if that was true ( which it is not ) it has nothing to do with this conversation . 
  students not finding work has nothing to do with either your or my arguments nor has the kela cuts or the fucking armageddon you seem to be expecting . 
  i think you have lost the point of your argument somewhere . 
  edit : to make things easier for you , the conversation was about the age young people on average move out of their parents home . 
  that is an empty statement . 
  show me where the statistics are manipulated and by whom . 
  and i am sorry your life sucks but that does not mean anything for the argument . 
  `` not everyone '' - argument is irrelevant because no one said everyone . 
  and while some `` fall outside '' that number is minimal compared to the number of those who do not `` fall outside '' . 
  i can not but i can speak for the statistics . 
  they show that finland is similar to other nordics in this issue . 
  in cities less than 25 % live with their parents at the age of 21 . 
  so your statement was objectively false . 
  you gave me the numbers . 
  yes , i would not move out with 0 income . 
  however you gave the 800 number and complained that 400 after rent is too little to move out . 
  no it is not . 
  well it was the number given in the conversation . 
  maybe but the topic was young people moving out . 
  not how much average plumber should make . 
  edit : so just to make it clear : - people in southern europe live with their parents so long because they only make 800 $ a month - i did not make even close to that when i moved out , nor do other young people in northern europe , and finland is even more expensive - ???? 
  i do n't know how expensive the electricity is there but i suppose it can not be much more than it is here . 
  internet and phone i dont know about . 
  in here i can get both with around 30 $ a month . 
  the point is that most of people here moving out at 18-20 do n't have event the numbers you gave . 
  the student benefit is around 550 $ . 
  with student housing that leaves you with around 200-250 $ after rent . 
  edit : and finland is pretty fucking expensive place . 
  how many levels exactly ? 
  for a 20 year old having 400 $ after rent is way more than enough . 
  if you want to eat out each night then by all means live off your parents until 40 but do n't complain that it is because of the job situation . 
  nah , he was talking shit . 
  the situation in finland is about what it is in sweden . 
  in helsinki less than 25 % lived with their parents at the age of 21 . 
  and that counts in the fact that men usually spend 6-12 months in army which usually delays moving out . 
  wtf ? 
  that is exactly the case in finland . 
  and most definitely in the capital region . 
  out of literally hundreds of students i knew none of them still lived with their parents . 
  you are not supposed to live in luxury at that age . 
  you are supposed to learn to survive with what you have . 
  i lived with around those numbers for about five years . 
  for an average student here 200 $ after rent is luxury . 
  find a couple of friends and rent a bigger one together . 
  that 's what we do . 
  i see a grandma at far right . 
  they are also not really the same word . 
  they inflect differently so they only look the same in certain sentences . 
  and older generations in helsinki . 
  you should hear one of my grandfather 's friends talk . 
  with younger generations the word is used less . 
  although since i have used it myself i can say it 's not completely disappeared . 
  ah . . of course . 
  well , we do have half a million assault riffles stored up . 
  i am sure a couple of rifles will make all the difference . 
  so to address that you give random people more guns which means the police has to assume everyone is armed and probably going to use that weapon . 
  which means they are going to shoot first . 
  of course it has a lot to do with training too . 
  in here the police avoids shooting even when the subject is armed . 
  it turns out even the criminals usually do n't want to shoot others unless they feel they are forced to do so . 
  i think a very descriptive statistic about what too light gun control does is the one that tells that toddlers with guns are a bigger threat to american safety than terrorists . 
  a shotgun is a hunting weapon . 
  however hunting does not in any way require semi automatic action . 
  and no , your personal weapons do not and never have in any way defended anyone against terrorists . 
  it is unless you can show causality between the steps on the slope . 
  i think finnish police shoots around 5 shots per year on average . 
  i mean all of them combined . 
  it was snowing in helsinki this morning . 
  one of the best way to make finns angry is to drop snow from the sky in april . 
  of course but in general they do accept countries that meet the requirements . 
  there is no rule in nato that e.g. 
  belarus can not join nato . 
  edit : the point is that there is nothing that prevents russia being eligible to apply for membership . 
  russia was not really fine with baltics joining though . 
  now when finland has discussed joining nato russia has made it very clear they would consider it a hostile action and made all kinds of vague threats of response . 
  i do n't think nato wants members who have ongoing conflicts . 
  apart from that i do n't think there is any problem with either georgian or ukrainian membership .
