  the catalan one wo n't be because it is not supported by madrid . 
  well they had to act now because of the negotiations for new government . 
  these were the more popular mps in the party . 
  most of them will maybe lose their seats in the next election but overall i think most of them were going to lose them anyways if election was called now . 
  while immigration issues boosted the finns party popularity it was traditionally not a single issue movement . 
  if they put up a new party they might be able to get some of the old support for the finns party . 
  there are volunteer `` patrols '' that check as many new edits as they have time to but there is no quality control before publishing . 
  you can go to a page and edit it to say that every balkan politician is a fucking gay squirrel and that would go live immediately . 
  silly things go trough all the time but usually someone corrects the bad parts quickly . 
  there are some articles that show clear political bias and those are sometimes marked with a warning box on top of the page . 
  also pages that are constantly vandalised can be put under special protection that temporarily prevents open editing . 
  the difference is that unlike trump he is actually intelligent . 
  his followers are not but he himself is . 
  almost everything he says publicly is calculated to have some effect on the public . 
  he is wrong on the part where he thinks it 's because of some racial characteristics . 
  if someone wonders what that `` maakuntahallitusmuutos '' thingy is , it 's basically a gerrymandering effort to fortify the centre party power in the provinces . 
  like i said the entire finns party is anti immigration and has been during this government term . 
  the other parties in the government are not that strictly anti immigration but certainly do not have very favourable view on it either . 
  the immigration policy in finland is really not that open you would get from the right wing narrative . 
  for example people from souther iraq do not get asylum in general unless they can prove some kind of personal danger . 
  we are basically sending back people who ran after losing their family in war . 
  also currently people from northern iraq get sent back because the immigration office thinks they can settle to southern iraq . 
  we got a large number of asylum seekers during the past couple of years but not that many of them got to stay and many of those who got to stay got a temporary asylum . 
  the problem is that halla-aho is a clear racist by the real definition of that word . 
  he thinks the african people have inherent negative traits that cause the society to deteriorate if too many africans are present . 
  he also speaks favourably about authoritarian ideas . 
  on the other hand it is sort of an ideal government party . 
  they increase the power of government on the condition that the swedish language status is not diminished which is usually an easy thing to agree for other parties . 
  and several good ministers have come from the swedish party . 
  so i personally have no problem with them . 
  we have no leftist party in this government . 
  and no , the problem with halla-aho is not that he is anti immigration . 
  the entire finns parti is very much anti immigration . 
  i should add that `` known supporter of more strict refugee laws '' is a bit of an understatement . 
  the guy thinks societal problems are an inherent property of people of african origin and has expressed favourable views on military authoritarianism . 
  also the deputy chairpersons they chose include a woman who thinks evolution is impossible ( which in finnish context means she is a complete religious nutjob ) and a man who is basically a stereotypical finnish drunkard spending time with criminal gangs and forgetting his work papers in their clubhouse . 
  since the finns party got a very large share of votes in the previous elections they wanted to add them to the government . 
  not least because they had benefitted from the opposition role quite a lot during the economic crisis . 
  and the other parties were not needed for majority . 
  the party cohesion has been high on most questions . 
  so in almost every case it is enough that they have one more representative present in each vote . 
  essentially very similar reason why the popular vote distribution does not necessarily decide the representative distribution in the us elections . 
  each constituency ( around 100000 voters each i believe ) votes separately and the winner takes it all . 
  so it 's enough the get simple majority in each to get 100 % of the seats . 
  they have a two round system where there can be multiple candidates on both rounds so you do not necessarily need even 50 % of the votes to win in a constituency . 
  you just need more votes than the others got . 
  they get trough it . 
  the most annoying part is that they can bite trough socks . 
  so your ankles are almost always unprotected even though it feels like they are covered . 
  ok , even more annoying is the small parts of your skin that are not so sensitive , like your knuckles . 
  the mosquitoes swarm there without you noticing and you will have a dozen mosquito bites in each finger . 
  the suffocation because of mosquitoes gives much more interesting mental image . 
  with that amount of children it 's really hard for them to go extinct . 
  funnily if i calculated correctly , the 650kg is about the amount we need in a year to sustain a meg machine in our uni . 
  that shit costs something like 50k $ . 
  i think they get small amounts of helium as a byproduct of natural gas production or something . 
  and thats pretty much it . 
  there should be bigger warning . 
  can not unsee . 
  so your basic argument is that any atrocity is justified because someone else has also committed that atrocity in the past ? 
  really brilliant , good job . 
  i have absolutely no problem with someone not speaking finnish and living in finland permanently . 
  but also they have no right to demand any service with any other language than the official ones . 
  oh they already did ? 
  got ta love the reliability of response . 
  like a clockwork . 
  well yeah i sort of take it as granted that the troops have to leave for any kind of solution to be possible . 
  an eagle attacking some kind of a caveman ? 
  i do n't think any resolution where the illegal settlers get to stay is very likely . 
  which is a bit of a problem since many of them have already been there for decades . 
  maybe some solution where they do n't get citizenship of the unified island but some kind of long term visa ? 
  i do n't think there is much chance for compensation of lost property though . 
  does anyone in north cyprus whose parents were citizens of cyprus before the invasion already qualify for citizenship in republic of cyprus ? 
  and suddenly there will be health security problems in montenegrin agricultural products . 
  also montenegro suddendly becomes an unsafe tourist destination . 
  must protect russian consumers . 
  finnish politicians seem to think exactly the same . 
  not really interested in joining except if sweden does . 
  so it seems you will have to take the initiative . 
  this has nothing to do with what genes you have . 
  the money is lost anyways . 
  military cooperation in eu does not really exist yet , everything is done in the nato framework . 
  and uk is by no means essential . 
  the significance of the intelligence i can not estimate but i 'm fairly sure we can do without . 
  sure . 
  they control slightly less than their population share suggests but that is still a lot . 
  what exactly does eu stand to lose ? 
  eu citizens have to move home ? 
  big deal . 
  some negative effects on trade ? 
  yes , but only a fraction of what uk faces . 
  you mean uk newspapers pull all kinds of unreasonableness out of their ass ? 
  eu has made no demands of any kind yet . 
  however the bulk of the financial times estimate is completely reasonable . 
  and i really do n't think uk has any serious leverage in the negotiations . 
  so germans will be exactly as fucking reasonable as they please . 
  even lichtenstein is relevant for someone . 
  the context in that discussion was a bit different . 
  anyways the point here was just that r/russia mod banned me for saying that outside r/russia . 
  they obviously need the plant to provide power for the metro .
