  we use it in finland quite a lot . 
  although in here it is mostly used to pay small amounts between friends . 
  it 's really hard to speak gibberish without accidentally saying some real words . 
  and actually prepositions and articles and such small words should be used because that are a very integral part of how the language sounds . 
  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ybcvlxivscw swedish is the second language in the video . 
  i understand swedish quite well and it takes me i while to realize she speaks gibberish . 
  with the current system russia would suck all the development money in eu budget . 
  it would be like adding 20 romanias to eu . 
  most modern theories seem to place the proto-uralic somewhere around the volga river bend and kama river which is quite clearly on the european side . 
  however the evidence for pre-proto-uralic is much less clear . 
  there are some east siberian languages that share some features with uralic languages . 
  not really . 
  finnish is not like other european languages . 
  except that almost finnish they speak in estonia . 
  considering it not european is just uninformed considering that the origin area of the language group is in europe . 
  that 's about how often it happens in finland too . 
  i hear swedish about 4 times a day . 
  no , i pay him . 
  or her usually . 
  or actually i pay a yearly price so no money on ordinary visits . 
  more european than the indian nonsense others speak . 
  first of all the kosovo situation is almost completely different than the bosnia situation . 
  the independence solution was chosen because no one could see any other even remotely viable solution . 
  not because it was a good solution for anyone . 
  i think not rewarding genocide is a good principle so i would allow a vote after people who had families killed and who had to leave their homes in the region are all gone . 
  in about 100 years . 
  also i would require special laws to protect the status of the resulting minorities . 
  in general about voting for independence etc. 
  countries have constitutions to limit the power a majority vote has . 
  that is not limiting democracy . 
  that is making democracy possible . 
  i just finished my master 's degree . 
  i think i have a total of 6000 $ of very low interest student loan accumulated . 
  we do n't pay to study here , we are paid to study . 
  they just changed the system so i do not now the current sums but i got 250 $ student grant + 200 $ for rent ( depends on the rent ) . 
  the optional student loan is something like 400 $ a month on top of that . 
  every student has a maximum of 55 months of that money to use . 
  i also worked during summers and part time in my final year ( which was easy since i did basically same stuff in my studies and at work ) . 
  [ your summer car ? 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/my_summer_car ), 
  i have moved out around the age of 19 like most do here . 
  i am not planning on buying a car until i absolutely need one . 
  i was planning on getting a motorcycle though . 
  depends on what kind of media you are talking about . 
  we do n't get too much us news here for example . 
  if i want to see fox , cnn or msnbc i have to specifically look for them ( and i only do for news about us politics ) . 
  popular media such as movies we do get a lot from the us but have so much local content too that the domination is not as big as you would expect by just looking at the global sales figures . 
  asking for water generally gets you tap water . 
  it 's better than bottled water anyways . 
  if you want bubbles you have to specify it . 
  in finland ( and i believe it is roughly the same in the entire nordic ) you go to a secondary school ( roughly ages 16-18 ) . 
  you finish that and you can apply for university ( usually matriculation grades matter and there might be a separate entry examination ) . 
  in finland we get accepted to a masters program automatically so university education generally means we graduate with masters degree in 5 years ( although it often takes longer because we are lazy and stupid ) . 
  in finland there is also separate `` university of applied sciences '' system which offers a more practical less research oriented 3 year education for some fields ( similar to german fachhochschule i think ) . 
  what the university courses are in practice depends a lot on the teacher . 
  my own experience is from technology . 
  first year maths classes were in general mass lectures and smaller exercise sessions held by tas . 
  the masters level courses in 4-5th year were a lot smaller interactive lectures and project work sessions taught by actual experts in their fields . 
  usually attendance in lectures is not mandatory to pass the course but this too is entirely dependent on the teacher . 
  students in finland enjoy a large amount of freedom in their studies . 
  i changed my major in the middle of my studies and was allowed to design a custom curriculum that took advantage of the courses i had done for the previous major . 
  my professor actually said that if i have a good idea of what i want to study and it makes sense and forms a coherent curriculum he thinks it 's their job to enable it . 
  seems to be a nice place in general . 
  has soldiers dressed as clowns . 
  written text kinda almost . 
  spoken language not that much . 
  mostly because when reading you have time to think about different possible meanings . 
  i dont think such a phd exists . 
  you can have a phd in sensor processing or control systems or rocketry or aerodynamics . 
  missiles consist of small parts all requiring expertise . 
  nope . 
  any new country will have to apply separately . 
  if i were may i would answer that they will get their referendum but not before the eu process is over and things have settled down a bit . 
  it frankly makes no sense to vote now when no one has any real idea what will happen . 
  and scotland would have to apply for eu membership separately anyways . 
  personally i prefer latte but regular filter coffee with milk is fine too . 
  i mean if i had to steam all the milk i would not have time to drink as much . 
  i think most of the coffee we drink in finland is filter coffee . 
  floorball world championships are ridiculous . 
  sweden and finland are in the finals every time because if something weird does not happen they can beat the third best team 10-0 . 
  the third and the fourth team can also beat the fifth about 10-0 . 
  so the only interesting bit is if finland manages somehow to beat sweden in the finals . 
  edit : ok , a correction : two times in history the final match was not between finland and sweden . 
  i understood you . 
  i just pointed out that drinking coffee is the definition of culture here . 
  coffeehouse or not . 
  cafe culture ? 
  we drink coffee . 
  that is like the definition of finnish culture . 
  in finland we just call it having coffee . 
  you do n't even need a separate word for such an obvious concept . 
  ridiculously complicated and expensive . 
  and obamacare was basically an effort to make it do what a healthcare system should do while preserving the ridiculousness . 
  edit : oh and trumpcare is basically making it dysfunctional while preserving the ridiculousness and also making it completely impossible from the market perspective . 
  helsinki has extremely high quality water even though it comes from a lake . 
  here it usually tastes better than bottled water . 
  we have teachers with native level proficiency in their respective subject languages . 
  they can tell us how to pronounce words . 
  prisma is part of finnish s-group . 
  basically finland has a grocery duopoly where s-group and kesko-group compete .
