  all in all the easiest way to get to someones facebook is to ask facebook to let you in . 
  they might do it if you are cia and ask nicely . 
  how exactly do they get the passwords easily ? 
  maybe having shitloads of random sex causes both abortions and single parents ? 
  that is not what populism means . 
  this . 
  this is why the finns party in finland is populist but the greens are not . 
  `` the people knows best '' was basically their slogan for years ( even though their popularity was constantly at 5 % ) . 
  something some people use instead of coffee . 
  in 1809 sweden lost their balls . 
  after that they changed from conquering warlords to whiny hippies . 
  i take it you never need to carry anything but yourself ? 
  in finland it 's basically any reason that is not entirely stupid . 
  i went trough the links . 
  many of them have absolutely nothing to do with the issue . 
  some of them do . 
  however i would like you to consider that there are thousands of universities and tens of millions of students . 
  you can always find bad decisions and mistakes from a population that large . 
  show me how that becomes mainstream and you have some kind of a point . 
  in general i suggest you to not to vocally criticize something you know absolutely nothing about . 
  it does not make you look smart . 
  territorial waters are defined by a convention spain has signed . 
  there is nothing unclear in it . 
  if spain wanted an exception for gibraltar they should have added it . 
  well actually the international law is very clear and the dispute made up . 
  unless explicitly otherwise agreed any territory can claim 12 miles of territorial waters . 
  that is the international law . 
  and that same convention actually states that no exceptions can be made unless they are explicitly permitted by other articles of the convention . 
  gibraltar settles for 3 miles . 
  spain maintains that because a treaty written 300 years ago does not mention waters gibraltar does not have territorial waters but 1 . few treaties mention sea areas and 2 . the entire point is against an international law spain has signed that clearly disallows exceptions . 
  regarding the land there is no actual dispute . 
  spain ceded the land in perpetuity . 
  it has already been british longer than it ever was spanish and any un decolonization agreements are conditional to the will of the people living there . 
   much better than a plumber would be paid i 'm pretty sure . 
  i 'm pretty sure a decent plumber gets more . 
   something interesting and meaningful that will also help you get a career in the field you are interested in . 
  gender studies does not help you at that . 
  like pretty much everyone has already said , it is not the job of a university to produce career choices or train you for any other career than a research one . 
  nor do they usually . 
  they teach skills that are important in some careers but often in a very general way . 
  which is why most with a higher degree do not really work with what they studied . 
  instead they often work in jobs requiring ability to learn and process information . 
  i do n't think you have ever attended a gender studies course . 
  or even met anyone who has . 
  but you clearly have an agenda . 
  trust me , most of us go to uni for reasons not related to money . 
  i have a masters degree in computational engineering and now i 'm starting a research job in neuroscience . 
  do you think they pay well to a phd student ? 
  do you think i would not get at least double the money in some tech company ? 
  i went to university because i wanted to do something interesting and meaningful . 
  gender studies can easily be that . 
  and only bad universities are businesses . 
  even in america . 
  the primary task of a university is to create knowledge not be a diploma factory . 
  well without a degree you can make shitty robots and reinvent the wheel ( i have a degree in engineering , i know what i am talking about ... ) . 
  i mean it does not require a degree to program an arduino to control a bunch of servos etc. 
  without a degree you can also be a shitty teacher . 
  for instance i would be a shitty primary school teacher . 
  most jobs do n't actually require too much education to make a minimum viable performance . 
  edit : you know good teachers invent new ways of teaching and adapt their methods to best suit the children . 
  low skilled ? 
  what kind of teachers do you have ? 
  in here they are required to have masters degree in teaching and it is actually one of the hardest programs to get into in universities . 
  sometimes people tend to forget that the stupid rock has already been british longer than it ever was spanish . 
  latin would actually be cool . 
  no , it 's usually in the front . 
  that is some awesomely stupid place to build a house . 
  why ? 
  we have balls . 
  i think if i have understood correctly all of those except interstate infra are mostly state level business unless the constitution is violated . 
  of course there are broad federal guidelines on things like environmental protection but that is also true for current eu . 
  how do you define most in this case ? 
  the states have all the powers not explicitly stated they do n't have . 
  which basically means everything except foreign policy , most of the monetary policy , and military . 
  they share some of that with the federal government in the sense that federal laws also affect the states but the same is already true in europe . 
  the big difference to eu is that in the us the federal government can collect taxes directly . 
  russia is big but their economy is not that big . 
  in the usa the states are very independent but give a part of their sovereignty to a higher level . 
  a federal government in eu would not really need to do much more than handle foreign and military policy . 
  the current eu can already issue directives that the member states must follow . 
  luckily reddit is not an institution able to force anything top-down . 
  instead a subreddit for the idea is exactly where down-up starts . 
  they have a couple of hours ferry trip to stockholm so they go there to study and be creative . 
  i do not see your `` fairness '' . 
  citizenship of a country is not a human right . 
  why should the location of birth have anything to do with this ? 
  why not just say everyone is german because that would be fair to all ? 
  i do n't want to live in a country that just has to accept anyone as citizen . 
  i want to live in a functioning society rather than one that follows your weird ideals . 
  even if that causes bigger legal and societal problems ? 
  i dont think they care if you come from china or uganda . 
  what matters is if you are legal citizen of the country ( or permanent resident for long enough ) . 
  if you are your children will be too . 
  and the children will get treated the same as everyone else . 
  at least in here they do , not sure about germany . 
  their legal status is just different until they apply for nationalization . 
  they still get the same healthcare and education and everything . 
  like i said the problem is that it is really hard to get rid of problematic immigrants if their children are citizens . 
  think of a situation where the parents are affiliated with terrorist groups . 
  what will you do ?
