  district heating . 
  basically there is a network of pipes that bring hot water from powerplants . 
  i think they mostly use the cooling water leftover from electricity production but there are also some trash burning stations etc. . 
  apparently there are also a couple of datacenters producing so much heat that it is sensible to use that too . 
  each house has a heat exchanger that transfers the heat from the district network to household heating system and measures the energy transferred and we are billed accordingly ( or in most cases the housing company is billed ) . 
  they also have district cooling system with same principle . 
  centrally cooled water is distributed for air conditioners etc. 
  just want to correct that another neonazi is probably gon na get shouted too . 
  they mostly seem to fight each other . 
  i have no idea what my budget is . 
  someone pays me money every month and i spend some of it . 
  i do have a credit card but i only use it for online payments ( spotify , netflix , steam etc ) . 
  i pay something like 40 $ each month automatically and on avereage i have around -100 $ on that card . 
  people do have credit cards but they are a convenience . 
  using them does not make you look any better in the eyes of a bank . 
  eu has been quite strongly against abolishing net neutrality . 
  support for the idea is pretty much zero . 
  also the fact that the isp competition works better in europe would limit the usefulness of such system . 
  in usa people rarely have options if their isp chooses to fuck them . 
  so his main argument in the video is that british plug is better because it is designed to be safe in houses with really badly designed electrics ? 
  thats a bit like saying that the ridiculous double tap system is better because it is safer in the old houses where the water system is bad . 
  if that means teaching kids that everyone is equally valuable regardless of race or sexual orientation i would say it is a good thing and written in the damn declaration of human rights . 
  and parents teaching otherwise are causing damage and should not be parents . 
  well that 's not very nice . 
  are you all right ? 
  just woke up . 
  a bit tired still . 
  i made the mistake of doing sports yesterday and now my legs hurt . 
  should probably go to work since it 's almost 11 already but i have really flexible hours so it 's fine . 
  how are you ? 
  my beard has n't gone anywhere so it wo n't be coming back either . 
  they wo n't necessarily ask it but they might answer it . 
  what 's the point of asking if you do n't want an answer . 
  as long as the person you 're pretending to be polite understands that you are making the effort to try to seem polite even you are not and takes that as sort of almost real politeness , then there is no problem . 
  every morning except if i 'm gon na have a `` just sit on a computer and not even bother to put pants on '' day . 
  also after sports . 
  i also almost have to use shampoo every day since i have very fine white hair that just looks dirty if it is not washed . 
  i would say we have achieved almost all the societal development `` by asking nicely '' . 
  violence has only been successful with a couple of revolutions . 
  [ a link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yv0rghhgn4 ) it is originally part of this : [ finlandia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5zg_af9b8c ), 
  helan g\u00e5r is the personal anthem of an average student here . 
  i think you can have your fashion and congratulate yourselves about how great you think you look . 
  we rather stay happy . 
  frankly i have no objections to seeing some model 's bare feet . 
  probably absolutely beautiful . 
  the same can not be said about average middle age french guy . 
  i dont think it looks any worse than someones bare feet in sandals . 
  if you think the french guy saying 4 * 20 +10 when he means 90 is confusing try the danish who say `` half fives '' . 
  although the sound will probably be unintelligible anyways so you wont know what they are saying . 
  i have never understood the socks and sandals thing . 
  sandals are really uncomfortable without socks but feel great with socks . 
  so why the hate ? 
  the big towns have a system to announce when russians come to drop bombs . 
  maybe they can also be used to announce swedish gay viking raids . 
  for other local events we have the internet . 
  best thing : the sea . 
  come here and sit down on the rocks before midnight watching the sunset over the sea . 
  you 'll understand . 
  also we are so fucking north that without the sea we would be buried in ice . 
  although the climate thing does not really require direct access to ocean . 
  worst thing : ... there is no such thing . 
  maybe the fact that it 's wet if you fall into it ? 
  those are the cases where we do use cash . 
  very rarely like you said . 
  they are too far away mostly . 
  europeans have not really been too interested in long distance power projection in a while . 
  free for eu citizens in finland too . 
  and basically all the master 's programs are in english ( at least in science ) . 
  actually 100 years ago the federal income tax in usa was progressive depending on income 2 % -66 % . 
  states had implemented different levels of income tax even before independence . 
  some chose not to use income taxes and instead taxed other sources ( tax on dividends was popular at one point ) . 
  i do n't personally see the difference . 
  the amount of regulation on different businesses has varied a lot during history . 
  saying there were `` no regulation '' is absurdly false . 
  some businesses were not regulated and some were state mandated monopolies . 
  others were between that . 
  and most of the regulation is extremely beneficial to the society . 
  for example `` thou shalt not make a children 's toy out of lead '' is fairly recent idea but i think everyone agrees it 's good we have that in place . 
  hong kong left china in mid 19th century when uk won the opium war . 
  it was returned to china 20 years ago and made its wealth by acting as the chinese window to the market economy . 
  not by being noninterventionist . 
  a decade or so ago it produces more than half of chinese gdp but now when china is no longer closed its significance has reduced a lot . 
  well , i am not sure how serious the other candidates were . 
  the problem is the first past the post system that makes it extremely unlikely to get new parties trough . 
  they would have to win a majority in the area . 
  also the political culture sort of supports the establishment . 
  the two parties are like an unofficial part of the state already . 
  media treats them like celebrities and any third party is a curiosity maybe sometimes mentioned . 
  also the presidential campaign in america is completely ridiculous a show . 
  try to get a third party candidate trough when the old parties have had a couple of years of media coverage for their internal `` let 's choose the candidate '' jerking . 
  erkko family founded the biggest newspaper in finland ( and still owns it ) . 
  aatos erkko ( died in 2012 ) was for a long time the wealthiest man in finland and has donated a lot to science and medicine ( for instance my phd work is currently funded by a foundation he set up with his wife ) . 
  herlin family owns kone corporation that makes elevators etc. 
  probably the wealthiest family in finland as a whole . 
  they bought a small machine workshop and an elevator maker in the early 20th century and built it to be one of the largest in the world . 
  while the company has manufactured a lot of different machines in the past they currently concentrate on elevators and escalators . 
  another company owned by herlins , cargotec , was split from kone . 
  they make cargo handling machinery for ports etc. 
  hartwalls founded a beverage company hartwall in the early 19th century . 
  they since sold the company away ( although they are now a major owner again trough other companies ) .
