  that is just wrong in every imaginable way . 
  not to mention that lip movements not really matching the sound is extremely distracting . 
  like when the audio and video are out of sync . 
  sweden is facing a lot of problems these days but it 's good to remember that in swedish context it probably just means that it was raining during one of their happy sing along events . 
  i think swedish could in theory be beautiful but then they stick in that weird nasal sound . 
  and the cat hissing throat sound they use for practically every possible letter combination with no logic whatsoever . 
  stick to fenno-swedish it 's like swedish but with less stupidity . 
  you would be surprised . 
  honestly did not even remember that there is a movie . 
  many places did not have official names and they were named by asking locals what they called the places . 
  finns are fun people . 
  our system is so easy i have never even really looked into ours . 
  assault rifles and light mgs were part of basic military training . 
  pistol and heavy mg was in the navy . 
  i have fired a pistol , an assault rifle , a light machine gun and a heavy machine gun . 
  all during military training . 
  i am probably forgetting some weapon . 
  right of self determination is limited everywhere . 
  usually by the constitution of the contry in question . 
  well . . if you walk around the streets naked the police is gon na catch you eventually and maybe give you a fine or something . 
  and i think most stores would tell you to put on some clothes before coming in . 
  however i do n't think it has a lot to do with kids . 
  kids are not in general disturbed by naked bodies . 
  adults are much more . 
  anyways , i have been semi publicly nude a lot of times . 
  and seen almost all my friends male and female fully nude . 
  it 's common for them to be unemployed drunks or complete workaholic family ignoring assholes . 
  for some reason producers seem to think they are more artistic and relevant if they present dark sides of life . 
  you mean argentinian invasion of falklands in the 80s ? 
  yes that was clearly illegal . 
  stupidly siding with russia because of vague ideological reasons on issues where they are clearly wrong tend to bring negative karma . 
  only to access regionally available content from abroad and for work . 
  somehow i am not the slightest bit worried about our government . 
  to make it perfectly clear : if i perceive myself being 10/10 happy then i am 10/10 happy . 
  if you perceive yourself 3/10 happy then that 's exactly what you are . 
  there is only subjective happiness and there is no inherent problem in comparing subjective feelings . 
  there is only perceived happiness . 
  that 's kinda the point . 
  there is definitely something fishy in them . 
  we finns are never happy about anything but still we score high on the surveys . 
  i believe that the arguments i downvoted were `` mixing tap is difficult '' and `` washing hands in cold water builds character '' . 
  also a mixing tap does not have more moving parts . 
  you dont need more parts to make a mixing valve than to make a simple tap . 
  and i dont know where you have tried different taps but the speed water comes out depends on the pipe pressure and pipe diameter . 
  i have found that in finland i get a lot bigger flow than in uk . 
  although my sample from uk is only form london and surrey area so can not say anything about the entire country . 
  literally none of your reasons so far ( apart from `` i like badly functioning systems '' ) have been even remotely valid . 
  no , i just explained . 
  i downvote for really stupid reasoning , not for opinion . 
  not disagreement . 
  objectively stupid arguments . 
  a couple of years ago i had a problem with my tooth . 
  it was really sensitive to temperature so i could only wash my teeth with warm water . 
  britain is hell . 
  it 's just such a wtf moment to see british taps . 
  like why does this idiotic system exist ? 
  i 'll downvote anyone who defends stupidity with stupid arguments . 
  i think the ops link has a good definition . 
  you are materialistic if you define your success and worth by how much stuff you own . 
  sharing has nothing to do with that . 
  actually sometimes it can be done in a bragging fashion which would imply more materialistic thinking ( e.g. 
  i will pay our restaurant bill because i am so rich it 's no problem to me ) . 
  in here people buy nice stuff they actually want , not stuff that shows status . 
  for example a rich audiophile might have a normal apartment ( of course in a nice area ) with normal average furniture and an ordinary looking car but a 100k $ pair of speakers . 
  not to show of but because he likes to listen to them . 
  https://xkcd.com/1299/ a somewhat relevant xkcd . 
  how much stuff you have is no more the status defining factor when everyone can have lots of stuff . 
  in newly rising economies openly showing wealth is some kind of a status thing . 
  in older wealthy economies openly bragging often just makes you seem `` barbaric '' . 
  that is not to say people do n't show wealth at all . 
  they just do it in more subtle ways . 
  the knights are still a sovereign power and have an observer status in the un . 
  what is poor ? 
  well i do n't let them larp in my castles but if someone else wants to offer his castle it 's fine . 
  it 's a good way to get a fine . 
  or south . 
  or west . 
  define historical . 
  there are some characters we have no idea if they actually existed . 
  the first bishop of finland was henry ( likely from england ) in the early 12th century . 
  his murderer is known in the stories as lalli . 
  no idea if he actually existed ( earliest mention is from 17th century poem ) but he is probably the earliest finn to be mentioned by name . 
  one a bit more certain character is pietari kaikkivalta ( or petrus kaikewalde in the original latin text ) . 
  he was an early 13th century preacher who participated in the baltic crusades . 
  he has been mentioned in the chronicles of henricus de lettis . 
  the limiting factor was that written finnish was only developed during reformation so the accounts are rare . 
  for zombies winter is a good plan . 
  they will freeze . 
  plan b is to go to sweden . 
  zombies might follow but they will probably just form another almost harmless minority there . 
  i am fairly sure that a nuclear winter is not really a thing . 
  i hope they will . 
  it 's been too long since we had a chance to shoot at the british and french . 
  and it would give erdogan a reason to form second ottoman empire . 
  and putin would be happy to be emperor too . 
  sweden ... i can not come up with any actual reason right now but honestly do we need one ? 
  it 's sweden . 
  do you have a foreing legion for me to join ? 
  civilisation is spreading to workplaces too . 
  many ( especially smaller ) companies have a no shoe policy in their offices .
