  i dont think you people get the greatness of this . 
  they can hire people to listen to the complaining . 
  regular people wont need to . 
  your values overlap . 
  this photo ? 
  how exactly ? 
  because they ended up in the same picture ? 
  yes , in reality most of them had . 
  in 1939 there were enough uniforms for around 70 % of the military iirc . 
  some of them were the older designs though . 
  i am no longer sure you even know what you are arguing for because you make no sense whatsoever . 
  wtf ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  what has the franco-british expedition to do with any of this ? 
  no one believed in victory at any point even if some expedition would have happened . 
  that is why finland tried to negotiate from the start of the war . 
  you fail to realize how not prepared finland was for the war . 
  most of the soldiers literally had no other equipment than the rifles and the rifles were `` anything we can find from anywhere '' . 
  no one at any point believed that the war can be won with or without outside help . 
  like i said the finnish tried to negotiate all the time . 
  the soviets refused to see the delegations . 
  they had set up their own puppet government that had surrendered already . 
  they only acnowledged the finnish government as the legal government and started to negotiate a couple of weeks before the official peace agreement . 
  so clearly something changed at their end . 
  there were a lot of reasons why they stopped . 
  there are entire books written about that . 
  your reasoning is based on one curious fact amongs 90000 facts on the contrary . 
  so no , it is not reasonable . 
   you ca n't know that anymore than i can say that they would honor the deal for sure . 
  this is just deluding yourself . 
  literally all the evidence points to them using exactly the same strategy they did with others . 
  when the war broke out they even refused to negotiate with the actual government of finland and instead set up their own puppet . 
  they discarded the puppet only when the war took too long for easy victory . 
  `` you can not know that stalin was not really a demondragon , you were not there , he might have been , really . 
  your opinion is about that is just as good as mine ! '', 
  the question is how much would russia be able and willing to commit to that war . 
  an operation like the one in eastern ukraine would not achieve anything here . 
  they would have to commit most of their active personnel and a large part of the airforce to actually win . 
  thats the entire finnish strategy . 
  have strong enough military to make an attack stupidly expensive . 
  i also do n't think russian economy could actually support such operation in its current state . 
   and they got more territory from the war , than they asked for in peace . 
  not really . 
  they asked basing rights in finland which would have made finland a puppet like what happened in the baltics and a strip of land that would have made defending the karelian isthmus impossible . 
  in addition they demanded destrcution of all defensive fortifications . 
  it is completely clear that the prewar demands were just preparation for `` peaceful '' takeover of the entire territory . 
  i think they ended up agreeing to make peace before complete conquest because of change in german attitude , not so much the western powers . 
  they had a deal with germany and germany had followed that deal by closing diplomatic ties with finland . 
  however when the winter war was not as fast as everyone had expected german attitude changed and i think the soviet leaders thought it risky to continue a difficult and costly war when german invasion seemed more likely . 
  they still remembered the outcome of the last time russia fought germans and they were at that point not much better prepared really . 
   funny , how many times did they get conquered ? 
  well this is entirely besides the point but quite a many times actually . 
  russians have had their fair share of both military success and military failure in history . 
  it 's a false flag !, 
  finnish artillery had been previously ordered to withdraw to out fo range from philippines . 
  could not have done it . 
  but finland had been preparing for this attack for ages . 
  so well that the army almost had an almost standardized rifle for every soldier . 
  not uniforms though but who needs such luxuries . 
  i think the point of the populists is that removing them from where they are currently is disrespectful and the polish should revere them as the memorials of liberators . 
  they are not really interested in the monuments . 
  well finland had the same president from 1956 to 1982 . 
  reelected every 6 years . 
  after that they thought it best to limit presidents to two terms . 
  we guide the population to create new bands and then if we ofshoot the target we need to let in more immigrants . 
  this value is really hard to calibrate properly . 
   even though finnish speakers outnumber them in those areas as well the striped areas are the bilingual municipalities where finnish is majority language and the brown area is where swedish is majority language . 
  the map seems to be pretty accurate . 
  it 's not ideal way to represent this but the whining is just stupid . 
  send some here . 
  i thought you have all the lonkero . 
  at least we use the weekend boat rides to get it from estonia . 
  you have a `` last man standing '' approach to legislation ? 
  yes . 
  made up . 
  exactly like that . 
  many of the claims in that story are blatantly against finnish law . 
  exact same rules apply to all parents in finland regardless of nationality and there have been no cases of targeting russians with different rules . 
  finland is the kind of place where that would get many people fired and probably to court in an instant . 
  in this case , while due to confidentiality rules the specifics could not be shared in public , the case was studied ( in collaboration with russian officials i might add , the russian embassy took part in later meetings with the child protection services and the family ) and the conclusion was that there were no violations . 
  like i said the confidentiality laws prevent the other side from defending themselves in public so the media view will end up very one sided . 
  however from what the mother said in interviews it seems that this family has had really unnatural amount of problems with almost everyone including the school , kindergarten and even the hospital where she gave birth . 
  and those experiences are not shared by finland 's russians in general who mostly are fairly recent immigrants with high education level . 
  there are thousands of child custody cases so some of them are likely to involve russians . 
  one problem is that russian media seems to often use certain people as sources for these stories . 
  one of these is johan b\u00e4ckman , who is well ... a putinbot but also completely crazy . 
  he is one of the old communists in finland who thought that everything in soviet union was golden and that sentiment for some reason carried to include modern russia . 
  he makes up the most lunatic shit and then complains persecution when his shit is called out . 
  he produces stupid amounts of spurious court cases against anyone who publicly disagrees with him but has been himself convicted of libel multiple times . 
  and guess what , there was a study that found that russian media during the time of the study used b\u00e4ckman as a source over five times as often than they used actual finnish authorities . 
  another problem is that russian officials are not happy they can not get around finnish law . 
  pavel astahov who at least used to be a childcare ombudsman in russia gave some very angry interviews when finns did not concede to founding a bilateral council for protecting russian children . 
  he just did not seem to be able to understand that in finland we follow the finnish law and he or any other russian official has no authority to say anything about that and even if finns wanted the law does not even allow them to handle russian cases differently than others . 
  so essentially same as mine . 
  just with bigger trucks ? 
  i estimated that the roundness is mostly negated by the fact that the filling will not be perfect . 
  the coin volume is approximately what a square with those dimensions would be . 
  edit : everything is rounded because i wrote with a phone and it was annoying to go to calculator all the time . 
  the commission has standarded almost everything but i do n't think there is a standard for a truckload of euros . 
  however we can assume that a heavy truck has a volume of around 40m ^ 3 .
