  both have stores from small corner stores to huge megamarkets . 
  although i think in estonia kesko concentrates on wholesaling and distribution . 
  i live with a friend so the rent is not too bad . 
  the number was 30 % when i was living alone . 
  i would almost vote for social democrats for [ sanna marin ] ( http://viestijat.fi/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/sanna-marin_rajattu.jpg ), 
  the latest large fiat ducato van . 
  that 's about the biggest thing you are allowed to drive with a regular drivers licence here . 
  edit : something like 5.5 m long and 2m wide . 
  the secondary level education in finland offers quite a lot of optionality . 
  most subjects ( except maths and finnish and swedish ) just have a couple of compulsory courses but several optional courses . 
  i 'll just list the basic courses for math and physics offered in every `` lukio '' ( secondary school , about age 16-18 ) in finland since those were what i studied myself . 
  mathematics courses fort the larger mathematics curriculum : 1 . 
  functions and equations 2 . 
  polynomial functions 3 . 
  geometry 4 . 
  analytic geometry 5 . 
  vectors 6 . 
  probability and statistics 7 . 
  differential calculus 8 . 
  trigonometric functions and series 10 . 
  integral calculus optional : 11 . 
  number theory and logic 12 . 
  numeral and algebraic methods 13 . 
  extra course in calculus these are just the titles and each of these actually has a bit broader scope than just what is in the title . 
  physics has only one compulsory course but 7 optional ones . 
  the titles for the physics courses are : 1 . 
  physics as a science ( basically an introductory course , the only compulsory one ) 2 . 
  thermodynamics 3 . 
  waves ( basically dynamics of a periodic system ) 4 . 
  laws of motion ( newton stuff is here ) 5 . 
  rotation and gravitation 6 . 
  electricity ( things like ohm law , circuits and basic electronic components ) 7 . 
  electromagnetism ( magnetic fields , induction , lentz law etc. ), 
  matter and radiation ( basics of nuclear physics and quantum stuff ) there are also some more specialised courses that are not offered in every school . 
  nah , they 'd learn to be finns quick enough . 
  of course it helps if the two party system has two sane parties . 
  in usa they have the almost sane one and the completely batshit one . 
  in finland the `` crazy party '' got like 17 % of votes and ended up as 3rd largest party . 
  that was their big victory . 
  they were taken into the coalition because everyone knew they would not have enough power to get the crazy stuff trough and in the coalition they could no longer blame the government from the opposition . 
  and they are mostly not even that crazy . 
  not having a two party system is a big shield . 
  in here a big support for an orange lunatic might be 20 % because the votes are distributed between multiple parties and multiple candidates . 
  in usa people might be against trump in principle but still vote for him because religious stuff is important and democrats are demons as we all know . 
  this does not prevent them winning but makes it harder . 
  some of our `` alternative news '' sites are certainly funded from russia but i do n't know about the nazis . 
  it 's the east . 
  we do n't like them either . 
  nope . 
  what exactly is different in sweden ? 
  except the fact that they sound gay ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_resistance_movement they seem to , according to a quick googling , be quite friendly with russia . 
  no , i would n't mind but you did not yet ask anything . 
  funnily enough the neonazis are strongly for union . 
  i think for most people in the nordic it is a non issue . 
  people are not exactly for it but would not be too angry if it happened for some reason . 
  there have really never been proper borders between nordic countries and i can basically move to sweden as easily as i can move to neighboring town in finland . 
  the societies are very similar . 
  y u still datalimits ? 
  do not : open your mouth . 
  do : wait for the bus in a comfortable silence . 
  this . 
  why would i talk if i have nothing to say ? 
  generally countries have constitutions that limit the rights of the majority to make decisions affecting everybody . 
  separating from a country is one such decision . 
  a system where anything can be decided by a majority vote is not a democracy but a majority dictatorship . 
  nope, 
  have you ever heard n\u00e4rpes ? 
  i am fairly sure sweden does not do it . 
  nor does finland . 
  ai will not replace all the jobs . 
  at least not for a while . 
  as a computational engineer and neuroscientist i will probably be safe from the ai . 
  however the ai can fairly easily replace most jobs humans currently do . 
  the only reason to use humans in many jobs is that it is actually cheaper than to rebuild the entire system for automation . 
  that will likely change in the future . 
  robotics will actually be a limiting factor rather than ability to think . 
  some tasks are physically hard for automated systems . 
  which have been a problem in many areas but so far we have had other jobs to do for most people . 
  however now we are approaching situation where it 's getting hard to find jobs that actually need humans . 
  edit : hard to find productive jobs, 
  til there is actually a word for it . 
  we just call it coffee . 
  there just often happens to be other stuff served with the coffee . 
  edit : although it seems that the word fika is just drunken swedes not getting the syllables to correct order . 
  this is one that is sometimes hard to explain to outsiders . 
  the concept that a land owner has absolutely no power to restrict access to his land is quite foreign in many cultures . 
  that is truly sad . 
  i feel your pain . 
  you still have data limits ? 
  you poor thing . 
  no mistake . 
  i like to have some drilling in my porn . 
  moldy government . 
  vowels in finnish are easy because each letter corresponds to one sound and are not really affected by other letters . 
  so a is always a. 
  instead of like in english where it can be like 4 or 5 different things depending on the word . 
  so multiple vowels in a row in finnish just means pronouncing those vowels in a sequence . 
  just to demonstrate how ridiculous english is let 's look at some words you used . 
  `` also '' has a pronounced like we would pronounce o.
