it is not a joke . 
  i was referring to the fact / u/the _ boss_302 has a long-term perspective , in which stopping immigration of islamic people today leads in the future to not have so many second-generation immigrants that might be potential islamic terrorist . 
  my reply to that consideration was pointing out that the phenomenon of islamic terrorism as we live and know it today might be very different or even absent in 20 or more years from now . 
  i hope this clarifies the meaning of my comments . 
  it 's debatable . 
  if the person is risking her life because it 's too cold to survive outside , then i might be the one that faces legal consequences if i find that person in my house and i try to kick that person out , endangering his life . 
  this is not entirely correct . 
  as there are procedures that allow legal immigration , many do have the right to come to europe . 
  of course this is not always the case and many , legally , can not . 
  but there is a distinction of what is legal and what is legitimate . 
  `` having the right '' might be interpreted in either the legal sense or the legitimate sense . 
  in the former , they might actually not `` have the right '' . 
  if you take the latter , this is subject to personal morals , so they might have the right to come to europe because their needs are legitimate . 
  i was referring to the fact that many right-wing political ideologies nowadays are supporting the deportation of immigrants and the reduction of their rights via portrayal of the whole subgroup as being characterized by criminal activities . 
  this is something that also happened in nazi germany . 
  as the target is a minority group which is also religiously different , it 's easy to draw a parallel between the relationship of the nazis with the jews and the relationship of the right-wing parties and muslims . 
  but i am intrigued by your definition of `` patriotism '' , mostly because you did n't give one and for this reason your sentence seems quite void . 
  where was this ? 
  do you have any piece of news reporting it ? 
  i think this is a social construction, 
  maybe islamic terrorism will not last so long . 
  in fact , it is notorious that terrorists break the law in the very act of terrorism . 
  to be honest , i see mr. salvini talking at many talk shows in italy and he always bashes against islam . 
  his islamic criticism does not seem to be suppressed at all . 
  i think that `` racism '' has become a word that denotes not only race relations but also relations between different cultures , in the general attitude of `` my group is superior to the other group '' . 
  attitude that is found in the old-school race-racism as well . 
  this way of thinking seems to be equivalent to say : there are some europeans that are murderers , so we should deport all europeans out of europe . 
  were they serious or humorous while saying that ? 
  where they really enforcing ( `` imposing values '' ) with the force , like with knives or menacing or not ? 
  i was not advocating nazism , just saying that many people are adding comments to this thread that suggest deportations and i think i sense a certain sense of almost hatred that is directed to the whole islamic world . 
  this reminds me of nazism . 
  yes but you can not fix the past, 
  but in that case we would transition to hundreds of people killed to hundreds of thousands, 
  just moving them to madagascar ? 
  but then you should not have spoken in the first place if you did n't want to elaborate, 
  i am not saying we should do nothing . 
  i was wondering what could be a solution to the issue , and i am wondering if there exists a solution that would keep our european sense of humanity instead of resorting to solutions that frankly remind me of nazism . 
  and we are not even considering the fact that many islamic terrorists are also born in europe , so cracking down immigration would not solve the problem for those . 
  the point is , only a small portion of the muslim immigrant are terrorists . 
  moreover , if someone wants to come to europe to make a terrorist attack , he probably is able to get the means to do so even if he is not formally allowed to enter . 
  how would the sharia squads impose their values ? 
  i am genuinely curious , i have never heard of anything as that . 
  moreover , i do n't see how arranged child marriages and genital mutilation have anything to do with terrorism . 
  even if it is a big deal , it seems that you have a conclusion in mind on what to do . 
  what is it ? 
  it does not seem to me that you do n't have the right to criticize religion . 
  in fact , this is what you are doing right now . 
  you think there is only one interpretation of islam ? 
  what about the differences between sunnis , sciites and salafites ? 
  ok , we discovered that the islamic terrorists are islamic . 
  way to go !, 
  and then ? 
  if you are not saying what the solution would be , maybe it means that you are not so convinced of that `` solution '' either . 
  so are you telling me that a immigrant that would break the law , as trivial as an administrative mistake or passing with the red when there are no other cars around should be immediately expatriated ? 
  do you have any idea on the amount of suffering this would cause to them ? 
  moreover , what if a terrorist purposely does not break any law in order to not be expatriated ? 
  your solution does not seem to be comprehensive to solve the problem of terrorism . 
  i do n't see the relationship between laws that are broken for trivial non-malignant reasons and terrorism . 
  do you think is fair to punish all those muslims that have nothing to do with terrorism ? 
  in what way are the muslims that are not terrorists not respecting the fact that europe is a christian continent ? 
  all this seems quite obvious and old news , frankly . 
  i wonder what is the purpose of these `` news '' . 
  what is a possible course of action after acknowledging this ? 
  connecting the dots to discover the connection between islam and terrorism ? 
  and then ? 
  what would you do . 
  i mean , of course there is a religion ideology behind the attacks , everybody knows that . 
  but it 's also obvious that many muslims are not terrorists , so how would you solve the problem ? 
  after establishing the connection islam-terrorism , what would you actually do to prevent the attacks ? 
  ok , but what would the solution be ? 
  there is 1 billion muslims in the world . 
  are you really wishing to associate all of them to terrorism ? 
  how would you solve it ? 
  how can you identify terrorists and prevent them from `` entering '' ? 
  why do you associate merkel with terrorism ? 
  i frankly think there is a big component of mental illnesses in these happenings . 
  i think this was already clear before . 
  who ever said that it 's possible to reason with terrorists and isis ? 
  they were not refugees . 
  yes , but what would a solution be ? 
  it 's still not clear how you are picturing a prevention of terrorism . 
  may you elaborate on that ? 
  yes , but how are terrorists recognizable in the neighbourhood ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  why would they make `` excuses '' ? 
  but also because of all the idiots that are unable to distinguish islam from terrorism, 
  which group ? 
  what would the naivety be ? 
  what should change and how ? 
  it 's about small talk and how to bond with strangers : in the netherlands or uk people might talk about the weather . 
  in italy we like to talk about how our country sucks . 
  itt : people who do n't understand the difference between judiciary and executive powers, 
  thank you very much for your thorough answers !, 
   but the only country that has that privilege is the one that pushed it in the first place , the us of a. 
   what do you mean by that ? 
  this makes no sense . 
  there is no possible enforcement of the convention , right ? 
  why would stating that the convention can not be terminated make sense if that 's not possible under the constitutions of many countries , such as italy ? 
  in other words , the italian parliament is sovereign on all legal matters ( including treaties , probably ? ), 
  except a few unchangeable articles in the constitution .
