if you fire 10 mrls at an enemy camp your guaranteed to do alot of damage, 
  take a look ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caste_system_in_india, 
  that was just fater russia took crimea , saying he voted yes so there was no violence their and would try to change the governments mind about homosexuality, 
  the comments on that piece are amazing, 
  they 've had every option available , eu has made every effort possible to be friendly towards russia . 
  us is acting as guarantor for 1 billion dollars, 
   i 'm sure russia is rapidly approaching the stage of starting ww3 ... ftfy, 
  illuminati !, 
  it was after canadian pm ? 
  said canada was most ukrainian country outside of ukraine , said it while speaking in the canadian parliament, 
  democracy in russia, 
  cant miss the sunday roast, 
  dont know where i first heard but googles gave me this http://www.businessinsider.com/europe-ban-on-scotland-if-it-votes-for-independence-2014-7, 
  dont they have to wait 4 years or somethin before joining eu ? 
  sorry was thinking of nato, 
  na , ive seen alot of info about the seperatists complaining they arent getting much help from the locals, 
  finland might , with the whole russia thing its getting more popular their, 
  shouldnt we be aiming to have less relations with the current russian leadership ? 
  doesnt seem right that certain leaders are more interested in pandering to putin than protecting their neighbours, 
  british monarchist , god save the queen !, 
  i dont really believe in religion but i like to think of myself as christian sometimes, 
  so true , cant leave the house without muslims beheading someone, 
  hope your looking forward to russia being chinas handservant, 
  nice advertisement for the company anyway , gets alot of attention for them, 
  i believe a strongly worded letter may be on its way, 
  can pretty much guarantee every major country is trying to get info on each other, 
  i know this is hurting alot of business 's but got ta give it to putin hes managed to find a way to screw russia and make most europeans happy about the sanctions, 
  all the gay folk can huddle together to keep warm when russia turns the gas off atleast, 
  not for long if he keeps forcing them towards nothing but cabbage and vodka, 
  do feel sorry for russians , not allowed any nice things because of putin, 
  so read the 5 % , personally i find the whole russian unofficial invasion/terrorist sponsorship thing more interesting then `` cakes of europe '' or whatever bullshit, 
  dont read the posts about russia then ? 
  is there any news in europe that is bigger or has as many consequences for the whole of europe than the ukraine situation ? 
  would if it was from a fighter jet , thats what rt was saying at first but he holes are shrapnel from the buk missile it explodes before impact and shreds everything in range like a frag grenade, 
  so posts about the biggest thing happening in europe isnt european enough for you ? 
  so far officially there is no russian troops in ukraine , if a shitload of spetznas jump off the trucks there is, 
  i would agree nothing can be done about it until there is more proof but after several seperatists have admitted to it including one of there leaders . 
  if you also include the internet posts that came immediately following the attack saying they had shot down a ukrainian plane which got removed soon after they found out that it was civilian . 
  america hasnt said russia did it , afaik no government has . 
  proving and knowing are different . 
  take one for the team , 
  its known to be an aa missile supplied by russia , fired by seperatists . 
  it was unintentional they fired assuming it was a ukrainian military plane . 
  i think at this point if russia invaded anything the us would step in and between america and the eu it would be ww3 ... goodtimes, 
  scary they let this shit on tv there, 
  just someone in need of mental help, 
  there is only a problem because the rebels are their , they kill whoever they feel like with no repercussions . 
  some civilians may be hit in the areas where there is fighting as in any war , is ukraine supposed to sit and do nothing because the rebels are hiding in towns and cities ? 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-28619599 edit - just remembered this one too https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubsekf_gy0e, 
  the mans a fool , [ here he is as a cat ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=37b_1322673646 ), 
  i thought ukraine was solving the humanitarian catastrophe by removing the seperatists, 
  im thinking that will be a big possibility now , can you really trust russians to be using nuclear equipment on british soil after this ? 
  cabbage stew, 
  mouseover his swedish flag ^ ^ , 
  how long will it last once they realise they cant afford anything, 
  its not that we hate americans , we just like to take the piss . 
  hesburger , you have to go atleast once, 
  wonder if anyone at the un will point out to russia that the only reason there is still fighting in ukraine is because they have been supplying the `` rebels '' with weapons and supplies . 
  funny that the rebels are now better equipped than the ukrainian army . 
  putin wants to look like the hero rolling in to save the day, 
  jewish people have been moving to israel/joining the idf since it came into existence . 
  the guys that ran back down the road getting chased were the muslims i think, 
  will have to wait and find out why they really did it . 
  `` a ukrainian military official , who did not give a number for the soldiers involved , were forced into russian territory by rebel fire after running out of ammunition . '', 
  both reasons seem plausible with how desperate for supplies the ukrainian army is . 
  most british people have no problem with immigrants in general its just the amount that is coming into the country there is now a growing housing problem and the nhs in particular is strained past its limits, 
  its almost like hes trying to destroy the russian economy, 
  if russia gets to send peacekeepers in does that mean the eu can ? 
  source ? 
  are you kidding have you not seen the multitude of video evidence from russians soldiers recording themselves in ukraine, 
  but putins given his word that there are no russian soldiers in ukraine !, 
  / r/britishproblems should be our default, 
  eu * eu combined has massively higher amounts of trade with russia than the us does, 
  dont think russia could be stupid enough , they would have no chance whatsoever . 
  the rebels are really russian , shh no one knows, 
  in a war , the us has already said eu needs to act first, 
  [ even a song about him ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5caq37vyvw ), 
  [ 35 % for yes ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/politics/top-stories/scottish-independence-poll-yes-vote-on-the-slide-1-3461893 ) from the last poll apparently, 
  think its about time they just fired that guy, 
  to be fair , if europe is going to join together as a single major power every person/country would have to be equal or we would only have the same problems as their is now within the euro, 
  i would have to agree mostly , would personally vote to join a `` european federation '' if every country in it was treated equally , problem being the bigger economies are always expected to prop up the smaller or troubled , this will always stop people from voting to join . 
  because everything the kremlin says is truth , just like they havent been helping the rebels or that they didnt send any troops into crimea, 
  palestine is slightly different, 
  france no doubt , at war for hundreds of years now we share an aircraft carrier, 
  the march was already on , nemstov was supposed to be leading it . 
  russia can no longer afford the ships, 
  no , i merely answered you . 
  the bbc generally tries to not say something unless they know it . 
  just the way they wrote it it sounds like the police were trying to move the famlily and the woman and kid got pushed onto the track . 
  bad choice of words only imo . 
  the way the bbc says it it implies the police had something to do with it, 
  nice , looking forward to it, 
  im guessing alot of people are happy with ukraines growing ability to defend itself, 
  as a briton im disappointed to see so many against further integration, 
   our best shipyards are in nikolaev not exactly russian then , you guys really need to learn this fact, 
  `` important '', 
  with the debt restucturing cant someone thats owed just let greece have a 0 % loan that doesnt have to repaid anytime soon but they will have to repay after theyve sorted some of their problems , pretty sure the eu bankers could live with that, 
  the whole cyprus turkey thing, 
  if he doesnt a mob will probably have him strung up somewhere within a week, 
  dont really know why your continuing this . . you were 16 in the 90 's now your 20 years older and in your mid thirties expect women to `` look at you differently '' because you wave cash around,
