  how very dare you !, 
  i like the fact the article draws parallels with the scottish `` out '' campaign who used the same retarded arguments about the pound and economy and then cried `` interference '' , looking like a bunch of spoilt children , when the grown ups pointed out it was n't going to happen . 
  the uk is going to vote to remain , the brexit camp is a complete joke . 
  feel free to bookmark this for when the results are in and im proved right . 
   `` scotland is one of the richest parts of the uk and europe anyway ( kind of like the opposite of wales ) lol can i have some of that crack you 're smoking ? 
  [ one in 10 scots ` in severe poverty ' ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-31908888 ) scotland rich ? 
  no , certain parts and certain industries might generate a lot of tax revenue but scotland is not rich . 
  it 's almost as poverty stricken as wales and we 've had no industry to speak of for 20 years . 
  speaking of wales is also irrelevant , we 're fully aware how bad things would be if we split whereas dumb , nationalistic scots have deluded themselves into thinking they 'll be better off . 
  yeah , you so rich that 's why 17 % of kids in glasgow live in poverty and that 's with 15 billion of subsidies from the uk government last year . 
  keep talking about `` muh oil '' and gva , you bottled your chance of independence which is a real shame . 
  england/wales/ni would have been better off if you 'd left , scotland would be much worst off . 
  gva , counting all oil as scottish and a 4 year old bbc page ... puh-lease whereas in the real world right now : [ scotland 's public spending was almost # 15bn more than its tax revenue in the last financial year , new figures show . 
  the amount spent per head was # 1,400 per person higher than the uk figure , according to the government expenditure and revenue scotland ( gers ) bulletin for 2014-15 . 
  the deficit ran to almost 10 % of scotland 's output - nearly double the level for the uk as a whole . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-35757787 ) oh look , it turns out relying on `` muh oil '' was a stupid idea . 
  who would have thought it . 
  cant help but notice you did n't even try and address the stupidity over `` still using the pound '' . 
  all the referendum taught us was 44.7 % of people are idiots who 'll believe every facebook infographic . 
  the `` outers '' do remind me a lot of the scottish out camp during the referendum . 
  not just the wanting to leave a union bit , but the ridiculous arguments they put forward . 
  `` when we 'll leave we 'll keep using the pound !, 
  '' , `` we do n't need london money because `` muh oil revenues '' '' etc etc, 
  yeah because the me was so peaceful before , it 's entirely the fault of the evil west for meddling . 
   `` that 's why we want a name that lasts longer than a social media news cycle . '' if they then turn around and name it after the second place suggestion , a 16 month old with cancer , im going to be pissed . 
  according to that [ survey ] ( http://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/gr2aw4r8jf/itnresults_160403_w.pdf ) immigration is still a massive issue for voters with 63 % thinking there should be tighter limits on the amount of immigration the uk . 
  its a positive sign only in that the british public is n't unfairly blaming immigrants for putting pressure on public services . 
  id love to stay and quibble further definitions with you but considering your original argument and comebacks have been blown the fuck out of the water im now bored with you . 
  i think it was something about you not knowing what progressive/regressive means or being old enough to remember the 90s . 
  i never said im oppressed , neither have i denied racism exists . 
  keep wildly swinging , you might actually say something that 's true eventually . 
  what you 've done however is make dumb statements that are flat out wrong , then resorted to calling me racist . 
  typical far left behaviour . 
  i doubt you can really `` see '' anything with your head shoved so far up your ass . 
  you do n't know what progressive means , had no clue what the 90 's were even like and you deny left wingers enforcing segregation is a regressive move . 
  its cretins like you that cause the rise of right wing parties . 
  dumb , sheltered from reality and calls everything that disagrees with your ridiculously world view `` racist '' . 
   in the 90s at least racism was frowned upon and political movements of the kind were heavily shunned and ostracized frowned upon maybe but racism was still far more widespread and prevalent than it is today . 
  as was sexism , as was homophobia . 
  the idea that the west is becoming more right wing is flat out wrong . 
  so no , it is not much worst . 
  most of what the regressive left calls racist is n't even racism these days . 
  saying you think black people should earn less because they work less ? 
  that 's racist as hell . 
  saying millions of economic migrants from the middle east and africa is a bad idea is not racist . 
  its common sense and something based on evidence . 
  time the left grew up and started acting like politicians instead of sheltered , far left uni students . 
  spoken like someone who was n't even alive 20 years ago . 
  more racism than the 90 's ? 
  lol fuck off . 
  you must have some serious rose tinted spectacles to think that , probably because you were still too busy learning how to walk and use the toilet in the early 90 's . 
  the mini revival the far right is having right now is a response to the ineffective , naive and out of touch policies of the left . 
  if you could flick a magic switch and stop the refugee crisis tomorrow the far right groups would vanish as quickly as they appeared . 
  instead so called `` progressives '' will pitch brilliant fucking ideas like reintroducing segregation and then sit back and scratch their heads as the right gains even more votes . 
   and the fact that you just referred to turkey as a shithole shows that you yourself are n't all that xenophilic . 
  it was a toss up between turkey and russia , i bet you would have been okay with me using russia as an example of a regressive shistain of a country . 
  its not xenophobia , more an observation . 
  and no , the 90 's wer n't all that great really . 
  race relations in america were terrible and at the lowest point for decades . 
  la riots mean anything ? 
  even in the uk black and asian people were still subject to racism in the streets and even in professional sports like football . 
  you must be in your teens/early 20 's to be so ignorant . 
  past it no ? 
  but things are better than they were 20 years ago which is better than 50 years ago , which is again better than they were 100 years go . 
  certain countries try and move in the right direction . 
  its called progress , or progressive , and is an ongoing journey . 
  a journey some countries are n't making at all , some are travelling along much slower and certain shitholes are travelling backwards on it ( turkey for example ) . 
  if there 's any other definitions of simple , everyday words you 'd like to know just ask . 
  you do n't have to wallow in ignorance forever . 
  the only reason you ca n't call japan regressive is because it has never been `` progressive '' in the first place . 
  you ca n't `` head back '' towards being a misogynistic , xenophobic society when you never progressed past it in the first place . 
  would be news to half the people on here . 
  they think the uk is still hung up on the idea of an empire and the glory of colonisation . 
  apparently its the only reason for wanting out of the eu . 
  are you new here or something ? 
  migrants ring any bells ? 
  greece ? 
  compared to how obsessed this sub gets over single topics the uk referendum has barely featured . 
  it 's not like 50 % of the front page is discussing it and has been for months . 
  which happened with the two topics i mentioned . 
  alright son you win . 
  people are n't worried about national sovereignty , mass immigration or the economy . 
  they are still hung up on past glories . 
  that 's why around 50 % of the public are leaning towards an exit , they just ca n't let go of the idea of a british empire . 
  pip pip !, 
  tally ho !, 
  i expect that kind of attitude from some ignorant federalist from the mainland but i would have thought someone who had spent any time in the uk to realise what a crock of shit that belief is . 
  people do n't vote based on stuff that happened 100 + years ago , they vote on stuff that affects them now or will affect them in the near future . 
  france threatens to veto something against their interests ? 
  well that 's them juts looking out for their country . 
  britain threatens to veto something against national interests ? 
  muh-empire !, 
  colonisation !, 
  yes that 's right . 
  it ca n't be that the uk is the 6th largest economy in the world and has close ties with numerous other countries outside the eu . 
  it ca n't be because of issues of sovereignty or a historic sense of being outside europe . 
  it ca n't be because of ridiculous inept recent decision making ( greece and migrant crisis ) and the fact non eu elected official 's like merkel run the show . 
  it must be because we ruled india , that 's what causes the uk to be so sceptical of europe / s oh and before you attempt to mislabel me , im pro europe , have been for decades and will probably be voting to remain . 
  although im really starting to wonder why im pro eu when they seem to make it so hard . 
  get real , the `` ebil west '' has n't given a shit about russia for the past 20 years and the only reason they are on the radar now is because they pull shit like invading/annexing neighbours and shooting down civilian aircraft .
