  austerity was working . 
  go and read the [ imf report ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/cat/longres.aspx?sk=43044.0 ) from the 2nd . 
  a lot of people stupidly use the fact it states greece will need debt releif as proof austerity failed , while missing the entire point of it . 
  it states that , as of may 2014 , greece 's economy was growing , interest on the debt was down and it was a sustainable debt . 
  it also states why it failed :  but significant changes in policies since then -- not least , lower primary surpluses and a weak reform effort that will weigh on growth and privatization -- are leading to substantial new financing needs . 
  cant very well have the ecb increase ela levels to a country thats insolvent and its not like greece is going to stump up more collateral . 
  it would be breaking pretty much every rule it has if it was to increase ela without some kind of deal . 
  considering a third bailout would have to pass through all the national parliments anyway ? 
  not very . 
  good idea , it would also ensure the leaders have a democratic mandate from the people of europe behind them . 
  have to have a democratic mandate from the people after all . 
  all european countries minus greece should hold a referendum on whether to offer a third bailout . 
  we should do it properly though , and set the date for a couple months away . 
  naturally there can be no negotiations meantime and ela should be kept at it 's current rate until we 've had our democratic say . 
  tis only fair . 
  ** edit all these downvotes , some people obv ar n't fans of democracy . 
  decreased the odds on a brexit slightly , the bookies view still match the polls which says staying in europe is much more likley . 
   i mention brexit and grexit because it shows how un-united the eu is . 
  so you mention something you do n't even believe is going to happen to try and prove your point ? 
  yeah !, 
  the fact the uk is going to vote to stay in the eu is totally proof europe is going to become more fractured . 
   i specifically said i do n't think it 's going to happen . 
  thats funny because you specifically say in your first post a brexit is going to happen next year . 
   love to 49 % is not most . 
  it 's also about limiting freedom of movement and not `` doing away with '' . 
  you also did n't notice that most people in that poll still wanted to stay in europe . 
   source is yougov . 
  a well respected pollster in the uk . 
  this [ yougov ? 
  ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/02/24/eu-referendum-record-lead/ ) the one whos latest poll has shown those wanting to stay in europe is at a record high ? 
   let 's keep the discussion civil please ? 
  we only just started having a discussion , what went on before was you making wild unsubstantiated claims . 
  at least now you provided sources to discredit yourself with . 
  since you failed to provide a credible source to back up your brexit claim how about you dig up some for your new claims about what most british people want ? 
  or perhaps share your knowledge of the future and what happens in europe ? 
  because to me it looks like you 're just talking out of your ass . 
   brexit next year i think it 's unlikely id love to know where everyone seems to get this idea a brexit is going to happen . 
  it 's not , it 's not even likley . 
  every poll on the matter shows those wanting to leave the eu are at record lows and thats with the recession and greek drama unfolding . 
  when all the political parties and media actually start campaigning to stay ... it 's going to be a landslide . 
  support for staying in europe in britain was at a [ 24 year ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/06/19/uk-britain-eu-idukkbn0oz1w220150619 ) high this june , up from a record [ 23 year high last year ] ( https://www.ipsos-mori.com/researchpublications/researcharchive/3463/support-for-eu-membership-highest-for-23-years-even-as-ukip-rises-in-the-polls.aspx ) . 
  the referendum is a dead rubber one , britain is going to vote to stay . 
   i understand that it wo n't work out like that and peak rates will have a big say in total loss you must have missed the point where i admit it does n't work out like that and then quantify that by stating its at peak rate now so it 'll probably work out less than the figure i quoted . 
  regardless 50k per day is a significant amount . 
  thats about 1.5 % total loss of income from tourism in the past week . 
  when everyone is quibbling over a 1 % increase of gpd surplus here or 1 % pension cuts there to lose 1.5 % of your yearly tourists in a week is a massive amount . 
   0.2 * 90 = 18 % if it carries on all year tourism will be down 73 % . 
  i understand that it wo n't work out like that and peak rates will have a big say in total loss . 
  just pointing out that 50k per day is a huge deal . 
  the media , businesses , tories , labour , libdems , greens etc will be pushing for a yes . 
  support for staying in europe is at a 24 year [ high ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/support-for-britain-staying-in-the-european-union-is-now-higher-than-its-ever-been-10331708.html ) . 
  whats happening in greece means nothing in the uk and chances of a brexit ... well , the referendum is a bit of a waste of time . 
  no wonder cameron backed out of it once already . 
  no-one thinks greece is going to be booted out if they vote no . 
  them choosing to leave in order to deal with the situation is v.likley though . 
  so i do n't see what the fuss about this is . 
  it 's just some guy with no say in the matter stating the obvious . 
   but significant changes in policies since then -- not least , lower primary surpluses and ** a weak reform effort ** that will weigh on growth and privatization -- are leading to substantial new financing needs . 
  in other words greece needs more money and a debt write off because , like we all knew , it did n't actually reform and syrzia made a bad situation worst . 
  i fail to see how these astounding revelations will change anything concerning peoples views of helping greece . 
  im actually surprised by how few opposition leaders across europe have done this . 
  you 'd think it would be an easy and cheap way to score some brownie points while not actually having to do anything . 
  unless politicians think such a move would be unpopular and likley to lose them votes that is ... 
  interesting nonetheless . 
   greeks were forced to take money they did n't want . 
   give us more money , and debt relief !, 
  if they do n't like austerity and lender demands greeks are free to cut the umbilical cord anytime they want and take the other option avalaible . 
  there is zero evidence in that link to suggest that leak had anything to do with a `` bank run '' . 
  there 's so many leaks and claims all round that i doubt anyone pays much attention to them . 
   if it stopped being enough it 's because something else , other than the ela , changed . 
  not really . 
  they had to keep increasing the amount avaliable monthy then almost weekly because the closer to the deadline it got the more nervous people become and the more they withdrew . 
  if the ecb needed to increase ela by about a billion a week then froze it all of a sudden ofc the banks were going to run out of cash . 
  there does n't need to be another factor at all esp some random rumour but if you want another factor that could lead to increase withdrawls how about greece becoming the first developed nation to default on an imf payment ? 
  but i bet that sensible answer does n't suit your `` poor greeks are the victims of an evil conspiracy '' mindset . 
   again that 's not a fact . 
  potential debt relief is a political decision they could write off the enitre debt and greece still would n't be able to afford wages , pensions etc. 
  so yes , staying in the euro wo n't be viable without a bailout . 
   they are appearing in the bank right now via ecb 's ela . 
  the ela that the ecb refused to increase leading to capital controls , the banks closing for a week and 60 euro withdraw limits ? 
  that ela ? 
  according to all polls ive seen most greeks want an end to austerity and most greeks want to stay in the euro . 
  but they are pretty much mutually exclusive at this point . 
  pointing out the fact that a no vote changes literally nothing and euros wo n't suddenly appear in the bank is much needed information , esp when you consider syriza 's constant misleading of people on the matter . 
   not if you do n't take into account the debt . 
  [ citation needed ] no reliable source ive seen has suggested greece has a gdp surplus . 
  if they did have one how come they ca n't pay public workers or pensions on time ? 
  even without the debt greece would still need to make cuts . 
   you cut the economy during a recession you kill a nation . 
  and whats the other option ? 
  investment ? 
  with what money ? 
  they had a huge hole in thier books . 
  that can only be fixed by slashing spending or , as its otherwise known , austerity . 
   i think we should be shifting our attention to the imf . 
  imf is a lender of last resort . 
  having to use them is admitting your economy is fucked up so bad no-one esle is willing to help you . 
  argentina and iceland paid the imf . 
  or at least did a mutual restructuring . 
  a country is n't like a person , you ca n't just declare bankruptcy and the debt goes away , it never go 's away .
