  no country will lend to them until the imf is paid and greece is insolvent . 
  so the defaulting wo n't change anything . 
  he actually covered that point . 
   the reverse is also true : many supporters of israel today deem anti-semitic any criticism of zionism on the ground that it denies jewish self-determination . 
  that , too , is to confuse legitimate criticism of an ideology with illegitimate bigotry . 
  did you not read it or are you just stupid ? 
  something something right-wing fascist, 
   the entire thing was nothing more than a publicity stunt and now they are getting more exposure exposure and publicity showing that this kinda shit wo n't be tolerated . 
  turkeys numerous humans rights violations and its total backsliding on the whole `` western values '' bit are a matter of public record and have been for years . 
  as to the language thing :  legal restrictions on possibilities for mother tongue education in primary and secondary schools remained in place . 
  education in mother tongues other than turkish is not allowed apart from minority schools recognised under the lausanne treaty . 
  a kurdish-teaching school in diyarbak\u0131r opened but could not be formally registered as a state school due to the lack of legal basis . 
  found the turk . 
  something , something , brigading !, 
  something , something . 
  maybe they should try not constantly occupying even more land in an effort to promote peace . 
   christians were cruely chased and murdered yeah yeah , i suppose you think they were fed to lions in the colosseum too . 
   nick cohen , a die-hard atheist who now identifies as jewish got no further than that . 
  still trying to wrap my head around it . 
  we could n't have a bunch of muslims running around stealing land from people , killing them and oppressing people for being a different religion/ethnicity now could we . 
  because * that * would be outrageous . 
  seems a really high figure to me . 
  i do n't like any religion , but if asked id never go so far as to say christinity/judaism/sikhism represent a threat to british national identity . 
  those are some pretty strong feelings . 
  calling labour left is being a bit unfair on them . 
  they are a central party just like the tories . 
  they just happen to have an idiot leftist as party leader now , foisted on them by a bunch of student activists . 
  great going there kids . 
  if you wanted an anti nuke , progressive raving leftist party you could have voted greens instead . 
  thanks for removing the only opposition . 
  im really looking forward to the tory landslide next election . 
  i despise everything about israel , it 's people and those who 's support allows it to carry on like it does . 
  people of the jewish faith ? 
  i really do n't have any strong feelings about them one way or another . 
  `` love '' might be a strong word but they are a part of the british national identity , are useful extra ambassadors for the country and , as you mentioned , bring in a lot more money than they cost . 
  i think a lot of those who want to abolish the monarchy do so out of ignorance . 
  ive never considered myself `` pro '' or `` anti '' monarchy , but i think the current arrangement works best for us . 
  * some countries are more genetically diverse . 
  seems quite misleading really when you look at countries like germany for example . 
  looks really diverse but `` saxon '' , `` germanic nordic '' and `` germanic saxon '' account for something like 80 % . 
  its the same with the norway/sweden/denmark . 
   if you would call these `` actually sensible policies '' which are not left wing , the right / centre-right has won the policy debate , because the government is introducing these things thats the point . 
  a lot , if not the majority , wanted policies like these yet certain countries decided it was n't `` progressive '' and sought to block and intimidate those who wanted them . 
  now they turn round and implement them anyway . 
  the astounding hypocrisy is bad enough but in the case of the migrant crisis so much damage has been done and the solution so poor because they fucked about and did nothing for so long . 
  dublin was suspended as soon as it became convenient for germany to do so and countries were already putting up fences before that happened . 
  they took the matter into their own hands and germany could only react . 
  its all germany can do react , not lead . 
  the strategy of the loony left is to call actually sensible policies `` right wing '' then threaten/bully those who want them before finally caving in and doing them anyway . 
  re : germany closes its borders , germany cutting migrant benefits etc etc. 
  its no wonder the left is collapsing everywhere , everyone has seen how dumb it is . 
  because merkels famous flipfloping and the state of german politics aside how on earth could insisting on taking in hordes of immigrants and refusing to have a cap be seen as something from the right ? 
  any central party with a working brain between them would probably come out in a cold sweat at the thought of selling that to the public . 
  who were the driving forces outside greece/italy ( who were acting out of self interest ? ), 
  austria , france , sweden and germany . 
  yeah , totally not a leftist policy . 
  its coincidence that the right is resurgent all across europe ... 
   and how is greece supposed to do that ? 
  it needed naval support , it needed a staffed frontex , and the `` stick fences up '' countries did not even give a blanket . 
  the country that failed to provide anything was germany , maybe if merkels head had n't been so far up her own ass the borders could have been secured and resource 's / aid sent to greece instead of wasting over 6 fucking months trying to force through a quota idea before backtracking anyway . 
  and there were plenty of other options than turkey , they should have been seriously looking at the possibility of hosting refugees in camps in/outside the eu long before merkel took it upon herself to make a deal with turkey then force it down the eu 's throat . 
  that 's what the left is all about . 
  having a naive idea , trying to force it on everyone else through shaming and bullying before coming up with some half assed compromise . 
   i 'm sorry but this is an extension of the quota system ? 
  you are aware that for months and months germany and its little clique absolutely refused to move forward with anything unless a quota was agreed first ? 
   make deals with countries and send them back , ive not seen anyone on the right suggesting the eu should bend over a barrel and spit on western/democratic vales like we did when making an agreement with turkey . 
  the left is all to willing to prostitute itself though , especially if it means being seen as progressive . 
   but yeah , i get it , no party on the right wants to make unpopular decisions closing the borders down and sticking up fences was called a `` right wing '' decision , one the left decried , threatened , then copied when faced with reality . 
  pathetic bunch of hypocrites . 
   the political * left * in europe got their way ftfy this was an extension of the quota idea and brought about by central/left parties . 
  do n't think there 's a single party on the right who wanted either of these things . 
   our goals and attitude are very alien to the rest of europe . 
  funny i would say our goals and attitude are very much in line with europe . 
  the one 's that are consistently out of touch are germany/france/sweden . 
  hence after a lot of sabre rattling they went and closed down the borders and even germany is limiting benefits for migrants . 
  and i really do n't know what you 're on about by `` scandal ridden '' things have been remarkably calm for the tories . 
  they 've barely had to break a sweat . 
  even this panama papers stuff has been a minor blip , no-one really gives a shit about it except a couple tabloids and the people who read them . 
  id love to hear the reasoning behind that . 
  because it seems self evident to me britain would be high on both . 
  because those are the only two options . 
  do nothing or shoot them . 
  if you count people from somalia/gambia/afghanistan as legitimate refugees maybe . 
  i do n't . 
  unless they come over on a plane there 's 0 legitimacy to their claim . 
  if you 're a cold and neglectful partner do n't be surprised if your other half looks elsewhere and you end up separated . 
  it 's relationship 101 stuff . 
  as i said , it 's a two way street and britain is the one taking all the risks . 
  david cameron backed out of holding this referendum after the last election , has gone on record stating he wants the uk to remain and went to the eu with begging cap in hand trying to get reforms which would go securing a win for `` remain '' . 
  what happened ? 
  lots of talk about `` british exceptionalism '' , threats of a veto from france and a very weak reform package . 
  i get that a lot of countries do n't like the veto 's and opt outs britain has , but why should britain give them up and then hope they get support and a say in what happens in europe . 
  what happens if britain gives up its veto 's and opt outs and does n't get enough support from europe ? 
  what happens if it remains german/france pulling all the strings and britain continues to be marginalised ? 
  forced to accept reforms or laws that are against our interests . 
  instead of insisting britain take a massive gamble and give away all our safety nets how about europe actually reaches it 's hand out to britain first . 
  show that britain 's opinion will carry weight and it can be an important political player in europe . 
  if britain has isolated itself europe it 's only because the rest of europe has allowed it to happen . 
  it 's a two way street . 
  the president of a country responds to claims made regarding that country .
