  [ thats why ] ( http://fsi.fundforpeace.org/map/2015heatmap.png ) . 
  it 's held together with propaganda and corruption . 
  they have to be on land or nations ship to claim asylum . 
  nothing in the convention states they must be taken to greece , turkey is a safe country and , if they were willing , we 'd be well within our rights to dump them all there . 
  i like how you not only ignored the part about processing camps but added that bit about drowning as well . 
  try and claim moral superiority even though i never even hinted at that being a possibility . 
  we know where they came from in the vast majority of cases . 
  find a boat a km or so off the coast of lesbos and it only came from one place . 
  turkey . 
  and no we ca n't catch everyone , which is we build the camps in greece and the greek authorities can send any who do make it to shore to the camps for processing . 
  someone turns up on the macedonian border and claims to be a refugee ? 
  send them to the camps in greece . 
  greece can be given personnel and funding to help deal with it , eu can decide what to do with genuine cases and hundreds of thousands of people who do n't qualify are prevented from going underground and staying as illegals . 
  or we could do nothing and try that quota idea again . 
  your choice . 
  yes you can , you can : a ) tow them back to the coast of the country where they come from . 
  b ) escort them to refugee camps where they are processed and held until either offered asylum or deported . 
  both are preferable to our current strategy of doing nothing . 
  if turkey can host over a million in refugee camps we could have handled the situation in greece a hell of a lot better if this had been our strategy from the start . 
  build camps , process them , then talk about redistribution . 
  we 've had over 6 months since it because a `` crisis '' ffs . 
  but we did n't . 
  we dicked about and did nothing , floating some naive `` quota '' bullshit . 
  bullshit germany is still trying to push through . 
  all while more and more boats arrive daily . 
  they are screwed already . 
  but theres `` screwed with europe backing you up and working on limiting arrivals '' and `` on your own and screwed '' . 
  it 's not europes responsibility to give everyone a better standard of living . 
  or to save everyone in the world that 's suffering . 
  30 years of trying in africa and famines , slavery , child soldiers , hiv etc is still common . 
  in another 20 years there will still be people starving to death and getting ethnically cleansed . 
  we should help and try to alleviate suffering , but that does n't extend to housing 90 % of the world in europe . 
  you do n't really care about the migrants or their suffering at all , you just want to be seen pretending you do . 
  yeah , because the people washing up in greece set sail from syria ... 
  same round by me . 
  the local dual carriageway was built by eu funds . 
  the railway was extended using eu funds . 
  the milk at the local preschool is provided by eu funds etc. 
  people who think that tories will cough up untold millions on rural development and anti poverty schemes , if they save some money , are naive as fuck . 
  was looking for a `` do n't care '' comment to upvote . 
  does n't seem to be one , so i 'll say it . 
  do n't care . 
  6 months ago i would have agreed it would never happen . 
  pro eu sentiment was comfortably ahead according to yougov . 
  now ? 
  it 's [ very much a possibility ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/02/24/yougov-view-eu-referendum-polling/ ) . 
  really is reliant on the migrant crisis and how well each bloc campaigns . 
   now i have no idea what is going on in wales like the rest of the uk we 're bringing refugees directly from turkey , giving them the most aid and keeping our external borders secure . 
   give me a source on that one just about everything merkel has said for the past 8 months . 
   actually germany actually germany has done nothing to assist turkey deal with their own crisis , has not been able to get turkey to clamp down on people fleeing to europe from there and has actively opposed and publicly shamed when countries have tried to enforce border controls and checks on immigrants . 
  like they just did when the v4 wanted to help put controls in place on the greek border . 
  how is it a `` fact '' if closing the border is a realistic possibility ? 
  obviously there is a upper limit , the `` no upper limit '' line was just german feel-good rhetoric . 
  the type of thing politicians say all the time and plebs lap up . 
  sending an invitation for all to come , refusing to do anything about securing external borders while constantly pushing the dumb `` quota '' idea is why germany is 100 % at fault . 
  yes , and its against the wishes of germany . 
  that 's why they have filed a protest about it . 
  germany would much rather they did nothing than decide something unilaterally . 
  doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results is the definition of insanity apparently . 
  that 's what merkels response has been to this crisis , insanity . 
  if you 'd stemmed the tide of immigrants 6 months ago im sure countries would be more willing to talk about quotas . 
  you did n't , they wo n't and you 'll probably keep trying to force quotas through instead of doing what needs to be done to resolve the matter . 
  the actual solution is to prevent them coming over in such numbers , process them in arrival countries then talk about distributing them . 
  it 's the same story as it was 6 months ago . 
  are they still coming over in mass numbers and waltzing all round europe ? 
  yes , so fuck off with the quota idea , it is n't going to fly . 
  maybe now the patriarchy will stop preventing women from taking these subjects and they can finally get better representation in stem fields . 
  both the answers you 've already been given highlight most of the issues but my main gripe is still the naivety . 
  every < 21 thinks they know how the world works , the solutions to the problems are so black/white , the answers are obvious and based far to much on feelings instead of cold hard facts . 
  when a couple years have passed and you realise how stupid you were it 's painful to watch the next generation of dumb , sheltered teenagers spouting the same rhetoric you did . 
  after enjoying lengthy arguments about topics such as greece , immigration etc its no surprise to find out the sub is full of ignorant young male students . 
  the naivety is quite often astounding . 
  stupid . 
  just taking scotland as an example , they had no alternative in place for the pound and denied reality by thinking they could just carry on using it , they would be financially worst off even assuming their ridiculous predictions for oil revenue came true ( which they did n't ) they assumed they would still be members of the eu ( which they would n't ) and that they could just join up in some fast-track method ( like spain or someone else would n't veto that shit ) . 
  all in all their entire plan was downright retarded , the absolute best case , one in a billion outcome would have ended up pretty much the way they are now except the political slimeballs in charge would be directly voted for . 
   the person who killed him was obviously against kurds . 
  ftfy . 
  is that what he said ? 
   i can understand and even sympathize with what the ira did without condoning or agreeing with it . 
  actually you ca n't . 
  sympathising with the ira did means you agree and condone the murdering of civilians . 
  it 's what sympathizing means , it 's the definition of the word . 
   agree with a sentiment , opinion , or ideology . 
  `` they sympathize with critiques of traditional theory '' synonyms : agree , support , be in sympathy , be sympathetic towards , be in favour of , go along , favour , be well disposed to , approve of , commend , back , side with , align , encourage `` they sympathize with feminist critiques of traditional theory '' antonyms : disapprove, 
  obligatory [ polandball ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/609/815/941.png ) . 
  say a `` syrian '' fails his claim because you do n't actually believe he 's syrian , which country do you deport him too then ? 
  also because they do n't actually jail failed seekers they need them to turn up , or at least stay somewhere known to authorities so they can be deported later . 
  whereas countries are legally obliged to take back their citizens ... if you can prove they are it 's citizens ... which you need their cooperation for . 
  that 's not happening and not likely to happen helen lovejoy . 
  why do n't you go `` like '' a facebook post about `` how inhumane '' this ruling is then you can pat yourself on the back as that warm smug self satisfaction feeling washes over you . 
  you seem quite obsessed by that idea . 
  i doubt it 's going to happen especially on a widepsread scale , these people are in the situation they are entirely by choice . 
  the country usually lays on a whole flight for them and marshalls are traditional but you need to know what country they originated from and that country needs to accept them back . 
  if you ca n't prove they are citizens of x nation you ca n't deport them back to x nation . 
  not 100 % of them i wager and if they feel the situation is being abused they can always alter policy again . 
  the dutch government is doing what it thinks is best for itself . 
  it owes illegal immigrants nothing , no country does . 
  in an ideal world im sure they 'd like to provide shelter and food to all . 
  no-one wants to see people suffering needlessly . 
  it 's not an ideal world though , this is the real world and the illegal immigrants are simply getting a reality check .
