  maybe we should have taken up terrorism and going on and on about `` muh british oppression ! '', 
  like ireland did , it 's 99 % of the reason the world knows you exist . 
  nice to see you gave up completely on your original argument though , smart move . 
  it was pretty pathetic to begin with . 
  a bit like ireland only we did n't get independence or take up terrorism as a hobby . 
   those are facts friend , not opinions . 
  and what relevance you see this having with a discussion on the eu army , i have no idea . 
  you brought up your `` great history of being conquered '' as an excuse which im dismissing . 
  you 're the one trying to drag colonies into an irrelevant discussion because of `` muh evil british oppressors '' but while we 're on the subject of britain and conquests , wales was the first country oppressed by england and had been conquered far more times than ireland . 
  we just do n't play the victim card and bring it up every 5 minutes , unlike you . 
   or just irish people because we are `` white '' ? 
  i said it to you because what you said is factually bullshit . 
  ireland 's `` history of conquest '' involves far less occupation and conquest than virtually every other country in the world . 
  but do n't let facts get in the ways of your little anti british rants . 
  its a national hobby for you lot after all . 
   well to be fair , friend we also have been officially neutral for the last 80 years . 
  its easy to be smug and neutral when hiding behind the uk militarily and refusing to goto war with germany is nothing to be proud of . 
   you britbongs seem to think is the be-all and end-all . 
  which say more about you , honestly . 
  ironic coming from a country that still cries and bitches about the two times it got invaded , which happened 500 and 800 years ago . '', 
  a history of been invaded '' my ass , you 're just a typical irishman with an imagined chip on his shoulder . 
  im sure you and ireland are still deeply scarred because your great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great grandfather 's country got invaded . 
  except that 's bullshit , it 's massively increased in size the last 6 months from 3k to around 7k and the last 6 months have hardly been the most active in terms of migrants entering the eu . 
  if you 'd watched any media at all you would have seen immigrants saying how many failed attempts they 've had , or how long they 've been trying to make it to the uk . 
  well they ca n't exactly overcome the system that 's already in place , hence why there are thousands of them there and trying . 
  this 'll just make it that little bit harder . 
  i assume you mean by the normans , where ireland was the last part of the uk conquered and the first to gain independence . 
  england/wales/scotland each got invaded several more times on top of that . 
  the british isles have suffered less conquests/invasions than mainland countries and ireland has suffered the least out of the british isles . 
  down-votes for pointing out historically accurate facts . 
  typical victim complex . 
  he ca n't hear you over the chip on his shoulder . 
  ireland have been invaded less times than everyone else . 
  lib dems , greens and snp combined have something like 15 % of the vote share , whereas ukip had 12 % last election . 
  that and the fact corbyn is a dead duck means the tories will be running unopposed . 
  anything you say pal . 
   i could n't what ? 
  could n't stop digging that hole you 're in . 
  you just have to keep coming back to dig a little bit deeper . 
  whatever you say mate . 
  large multinationals will keep queuing up to invest in ireland , they totally were n't there for the special tax breaks . 
  you just offered it to them because you do n't need taxes . 
  and you keep up your delusion that those companies set up in ireland for any other reason than illegal tax breaks , or that others will set up there now it 's come to an end . 
   i 'll join the other guy in wishing you a good day . 
  of course you could n't . 
  you have some pathetic , burning need to try excuse ireland 's behavior . 
  no wonder your government is so morally bankrupt . 
  a number of irish apologists seem to be defending apple paying effectively zero tax at the detriment of taxpayers and the rest of europe . 
  it 's pathetic to watch them try and justify it . 
  unlike you i finished school and got my bsc ( hons ) degree and unlike ireland wales does n't offer illegal state aid for multinationals . 
  you suggesting that ireland effectively bribing companies to set up there is some kind of conspiracy is beyond dumb . 
  0.0005 % tax rate . 
  your delusion that ireland 's slightly higher graduation rate means fuck all when talking about competing with london or paris is downright retarded . 
  london workforce is 50-60 % graduates , ireland is nothing compared to it . 
  regardless of whether apple is forced to pay the taxes it should have the time of special tax deals , and therefore tech giants setting up in ireland , is over . 
   then what 's special about something that everyone gets because you only get that deal if you happen to be named microsoft or apple and not some poor schmuck who runs a small/medium business . 
  and you can bet your last potato that they 'll be looking at the other companies as well , apple is just the biggest violator and easiest target to go after first . 
  that 's why you 're challenging , because offering obscenely low taxes to big multinationals is all you got . 
  sorry had . 
   well , the uk has not exactly covered itself with glory here neither . 
  we gave money , 4km of high security fencing , security staff , dogs and millions of pounds to calais to help them deal with the situation . 
  maybe france should try doing something for a change . 
  yeah mate keep telling yourself that . 
  large multinationals are tripping over themselves to open in ireland . 
  its pure coincidence 100 % of them already there have special sweetheart deals . 
  ireland could tax them at 12.5 % after all because you 're `` so competitive '' and `` something about graduates '' . 
  you just choose not to tax them because you do n't need the money . 
  france could hold a small number of them in such centres and await a challenge and verdict . 
  france could ask for clarification on the legal status of detaining illegal immigrants . 
  failing that france could just do what britain does and ignore rulings you disagree with . 
  so far we 've ignored 4 rulings on giving prisoners the vote . 
  france has n't even tried deal with them . 
   we legally ca n't deport them and we ca n't force them to claim asylum here nothing states they have to be allowed to roam free if they refuse to claim asylum . 
  if they are not claiming asylum they are illegal immigrants and can be detained at will . 
  france just lacks the will to do so because it 'd take time and money . 
  i do n't begrudge their choice in how to deal with it . 
  i do begrudge all the sabre rattling making it out the uk should be doing more or that the migrants should end up in the uk . 
  if you 're going to ignore dealing with them fine , but do n't try and act all morally superior while trying to push the problem onto someone else . 
  its quite easy . 
  it 'd be too much effort for france to deal with them so they allow them to camp out at calais in the hopes they become the uk 's problem . 
  do n't care . 
  if they 're that desperate they can claim asylum in france and have their basic needs met . 
  they are doing it to themselves and do n't deserve any aid imo , far more deserving people out there in need . 
  mixed results meaning `` sometimes about 3 % off '' . 
  it says it changed its methodology because ukip voter representation was too high in the scottish , welsh and london elections yet even then it was within a 2 % margin of error for each of them . 
  not exactly a damning indictment of their methodology . 
  the 2015 election which was unusual in how wrong everyone was , yougov was a massive 3.7 % off . 
  which is still nowhere near the 10-20 % off you seem to think it must be . 
  and how dumb are you to try and use a news story about how wrong yougov is because it was constantly split around 50/50 and everyone else had remain winning all the time ? 
   polls conducted over the phone are consistently showing significant leads for the remain campaign , but online polls are showing a much tighter race -- practically neck-and-neck . 
  remind me what happened next ? 
  leave won and it 52/48 split . 
  look at how inaccurate yougov is !, 
  they were consistently correct !, 
  better listen to the guy who kept saying it was going to be a remain victory . 
  you 're just embarrassing yourself now , in every single instance you provided yougov was accurate to around 3 % . 
  not 10 , 20 , or 30 % off but 2-3 .7 % and that 's the most inaccurate its ever been . 
  then again your kind always goes to extreme lengths to dismiss everything that disproves your little world views . 
   anyone who works with statistics would tell you that you should n't take any study as truth on blind faith yeah i bet you heard that on facebook because its obvious you 've never worked with statistics . 
  even basic reading is beyond you .
