  yougov is an internationally recognised polling company with a proven track record of being right to within 3 % . 
  the only bias here is your pathetic attempts to discredit what you do n't agree with . 
  find me one example out of the hundreds of political polls where yougov was wrong by 10 % or more . 
  you wont be able to because it 's never happened . 
  and as i pointed out it is n't a `` voluntary survey '' . 
  yougov selects a representative sample of people who will receive a survey . 
  you caring really deeply about the issue means fuck all if you are n't selected to receive it . 
  a number of extremes cared passionately about the scottish referendum for example , yougov was still 1 % off calling it at 54 % `` no '' when the result was 55 % `` no '' and that was with a [ sample size of 1000 ] ( http://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/ihg707zgux/scottishtrackers_25-jul-2016_indy_w.pdf ) . 
   given that the sample is also this small 1000 is the standard sample size that 's used to give results within + / - 3 % for large groups . 
  its statistically proven to be accurate to within a couple percent 95 % of the time ... and that 's in america . 
  1.6 k for the uk is more than sufficient . 
  as [ this site shows ] ( http://www.surveysystem.com/sscalc.htm ) 1.6 k people will give a margin of error of 3 % , 95 % of the time once again you highlight your total ignorance on the matter . 
  considering the vast majority of multinationals choose other countries and the only ones who goto ireland are the ones with special tax breaks is what says it all . 
  no sign of netflix going to ireland after the investigation started was there ? 
  no , they went to luxembourg with its now much higher corporation tax over the supposedly fantastic ireland . 
   one reason why ireland is fighting against this is because they know that it will mean a loss in high tech jobs which are difficult to get they only got those jobs by offering state aid to a company . 
  ireland deprived another european nation of jobs and taxes and now they are upset because the eu clamped down on such blatant dickery ? 
  cry me a river . 
  yeah , yougov is sometimes wrong by 1-3 % . 
  not the 10-20 % you 're imagining . 
  even for the 2015 ge which was terrible for pollsters yougov was only 3.7 % off . 
  it can correctly predict , the london , german and american elections the scottish referendum and even the winner of x-factor to within 1-3 % but suddenly proven statistical methods are meaningless because user `` goofypoops '' disagrees with the result . 
  the only blind one here is you . 
  edit : as an fyi yougov selects a representative sample of people from its database to participate and only they can participate . 
  try and do a modicum of research . 
  sure thing buddy . 
  one of the major polling companies with a long history of being accurate to within 1-3 % suddenly ca n't poll correctly because `` goofypoops '' happens to disagree with this result . 
  maybe you should get an understanding of statistics . 
  i put more thought into my response than you did apparently . 
  the link clearly shows how they voted last election , male/female ratio , all the numbers in each age group , social grade and what area of the country they live in . 
  yougovs methodology ( internet based , statistically weighed ) and accuracy ( pretty damn accurate ) is also easy to find out . 
   we like to say it had something to do with a very high % of graduates people lie to themselves all the time in an effort to feel good . 
  the only reason a large multinational it firm would chose dublin over london or paris is because you effectively gave them 0 % corporation tax . 
  that 's the sole reason apple is in ireland and its no coincidence that every large it firm has such a special agreement . 
  if ireland was competitive in the first place you would n't have needed to give them all special low taxes . 
  you could n't have wondered that hard , you could find the answer to both questions on the website in a matter of seconds . 
  personally , im not at all surprised at the result . 
  sounds about right to me . 
  there are several with lower corporate tax rates but you do n't see montenegro or bulgaria with a huge amount of it firms because there 's a lot more to locating a headquarters than just tax rates . 
  60 % of non-european businesses with a headquarters in europe has it in london , that 's with a 20 % corporate tax rate . 
  the only reason facebook , google , apple , microsoft , yahoo etc are based in ireland is because you offered them illegal state aid . 
  if it was n't for that they would have headquartered in a different eu country . 
  ireland whored itself out to it firms in an effort to screw over other eu countries just to artificially boost its economy . 
  glad it 's come to an end . 
   its competitive if it was that competitive you would n't have needed to give out extra special deals to everyone in the first place . 
  0.0005 % is a lot lower than 12.5 % . 
  my opinion is the uk has no obligation to do anything . 
  that we send aid and resettle refugees from the area is something we decided to do for moral reasons . 
  i would n't mind if we took in 100k valid refugees from such camps , or if 100 % of them were allowed to remain after the war . 
  on the other hand i think the uk is right to refuse people at the calais camp entry to the uk , they have zero right to enter and we 're under no obligation to let them . 
  same goes for every country that is n't bordering an active warzone . 
  war/famine/drought thousands of miles away is n't our responsibility beyond sending aid . 
  nope same thing . 
  a refugee is an asylum seeker with a valid claim who was granted asylum . 
  from the 1951 refugee convention  a person who owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . 
  there 's nothing that states living in a country at war , possibility of getting killed etc. 
  it has to be targeted persecution and even then there 's nothing that states they have to be allowed to cross a border from a perfectly safe country . 
  and being at risk of bombs does n't even mean someone entitled to claim asylum . 
  asylum is supposed to be about persecution or violence based on personal beliefs but germany/sweden have twisted it to mean every person on the planet at risk of some hardship . 
  i do n't think 99 % of the `` asylum seekers '' who float across the med should ever qualify , they have no right or reason to be in europe at all . 
  you 're right , it is well known that people who travel across several countries , paying smugglers huge amounts of money , can not be said to be destitute refugees fleeing a warzone ... that 's for the 20 % the immigrants who claim to be from syria in the first place . 
  a desperate family living in a refugee camp in turkey are 100 % more deserving of help . 
  by concentrating on aid , the most out of any european country , and bringing in people direct the uk has done far more for those that need asylum than germany has . 
  congrats germany !, 
  you took in a bunch of relatively well off economic migrants , most of whom are n't even syrian . 
  20,000 genuine refugees fleeing from the a warzone is infinitely better than 1 million economic migrants from half the me and africa . 
  they can find them easily enough when its time to [ ship them weapons ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-turkey-arms-iduskbn0o61l220150521 ) . 
   apple inc. is pushing back against an european tax investigation that could force the iphone maker to pay more than $ 8 billion in back taxes  apple spent $ 4.48 million on lobbying in the u.s. last year , up from $ 4.11 million in 2014 , according to consumer watchdog , a nonprofit public interest group . 
  they ca n't afford to pay taxes in europe they need that money to rent american politicians !, 
  that 's like a whole two years of bribes . 
  `` lobbying '' . 
  that 's about what id expect from a 16 year old . 
  just to add i do a lot of stuff with voluntary organisations and have had a lot of dealings with people on jobseekers and the outside agencies that put people on `` voluntary '' ( mandatory really ) placements give zero fucks about the suitability of the placement . 
  have a diploma in it and want to work in an office ? 
  you 're a 56 yr old man who worked in an asbestos factory for 20 years and have the lungs of a 90 year old ? 
  warehouse for a community project . 
  the businesses who want volunteers end up with people who do n't give a fuck or are incapable of the work and i know several who just plain refuse to accept a volunteer who 's on jobseekers . 
  the guys placed there end up unhappy , the business unhappy and jobseekers actually keen on volunteering get screwed in the process . 
  nothing about the current set-up is about helping people to find meaningful long time work , it 's all about trying to get them off jobseekers at any cost . 
   what was the reaction of your acquaintance that lost out on the position aside from some mumbling about `` not understanding '' it all he 's been pretty quiet ... and he had a hell of a lot to say before the referendum that 's for sure . 
  it seriously boggles my mind that wales voted to free the tories from all that nasty eu regulations and receive less money . 
  we sure showed them !, 
  im sure the political elite and fat-cat eurocrats are crying at home in their mansions . 
  wales was a net recipient of eu funds at any rate so the fact we voted to leave is just ... beyond . 
  i actually know someone who volunteers and was told there would be a paid position opening for them soon . 
  the guy voted to leave and guess what ? 
  the company has froze hiring . 
  screw him and everyone like him . 
  it can only `` add up '' assuming all other factors remain the same . 
  which they wo n't . 
  you know , we 'll have worst trade agreements , weaker pound and quite probably a recession soon ... just because we saved 9 billion by not sending it to the eu does n't mean we 're going to have an extra 9 billion to spend . 
  * even if * the tories wanted to replace all the funding from the eu . 
  brexit voters in a nutshell . 
  way to go guys , you really showed `` the establishment '' . 
  says the guy who asked a loaded question just to so he can start the same fucking argument we 've been seeing for 12 months and immediately jumped to calling me a nazi . 
  that 's why you got down voted son . 
  you 're boring and predicable . 
  funny how its always people like you who use the phrase `` people like you '' . 
  yeah , i know your type and i was right to just downvote such an obvious shit-post . 
  also there 's a difference between internment , processing , refugee and concentration camps .
