  your post reads like it was written by someone with the naivety of a child . 
  billions of people are living in poverty , millions of people are still [ slaves ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_contemporary_africa#/media/file:modern_incidence_of_slavery.png ) and that 's not even touching on the amount facing death from famine , war and disease . 
  thinking we have a moral obligation accept billions into the eu just because they have a hard time is ridiculous and one thankfully that has no basis in reality . 
   or impose tariffs they could . 
  they would be breaking eu rules by * not * doing it . 
   catalonia will be allowed to de facto join the eea hahahahah , no . 
  member states ( spain ) could veto that . 
   not pulling their weight . 
  by rights , and dublin , we should just deport all claimants who make it into the country back to france , that we 're giving a billion in aid and taking 20k of the most vulnerable people from the refugee camps is something we choose to do . 
  there is no legal or moral obligation to accept hundreds of thousands of people who have crossed half a dozen safe countries in search of a better life . 
  i agree with what hungary is doing 1000 % europe should follow their example . 
  either they register as asylum seekers on the hungary border or they are not allowed in . 
   ms merkel did not leave the migrants to greece and italy . 
  germany had 200k applicants for refugees last year 3 times higher then greece and italy combined and it 's increased five fold this year . 
  they do n't even have enough shelter for them , which is why they 're reintroducing border controls . 
  it turns out that actually you can just close your borders on illegal migrants , which is why everyone else is following suit . 
   the proper legal avenue the proper legal avenue would be for them to claim for asylum in the first safe country they enter . 
  germany would be well within its rights under international refugee law to return all syrians back to turkey ( assuming they were willing to accept them back ), 
   i spoke of `` migrants languishing in underfunded refugee camps so you spoke about people who stayed in turkey/syria/lebanon and not the hundreds of thousands/millions of illegal economic migrants who entered europe ? 
  regardless , having to live somewhere like [ this ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2015/09/09/turkish-refugee-camps-for-syrians-set-high-standard/ ) is not impinging on their `` freedom rights '' so badly they class as refugees . 
  being poor is not a valid excuse for illegally passing through several countries in search of better benefits . 
  your claim that these * illegal economic immigrants * have a valid reason to pass through austria/france to germany/britain because of threats to freedom is ridiculous . 
   the contracting states shall not impose penalties , on account of their illegal entry or presence , on refugees who , ** coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened ** in the sense of article 1 if your going to post a wall of text try and make sure the first sentence does n't completely undermine the point you are making . 
  i stopped reading at that point . 
  until such time as turkey , greece , hungary etc start ethnically cleansing refugees then the rest of europe has no obligation to let them in . 
  kthnxbai, 
   hell , smart enough that he does n't resort to name calling , too [ you must be new here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3k4kdz/denmark_sends_refugees_back_to_germany/cuuum1p ), 
  i was offering a general statement about germany and its preferences for pissing money away . 
  never claimed that it was being cut in germany . 
  just that they could do more but do n't . 
  dumb enough that you ca n't comprehend or understand a pretty simple sentence . 
  point out to me the part where i said germany was cutting aid . 
  thats because i never made that assertion . 
  i asserted germany is wasting money , stroking its ego , that could be better spend as aid , not that they were cutting aid . 
  i never mentioned cuts , i mentioned germany would rather , say , spend [ 6 billion ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/07/germany-to-spend-an-extra-6bn-to-fund-record-influx-of-800000-refugees ) euros on caring for migrants + processing costs + deportation costs than give it as aid to countries like lebanon and turkey which are doing something useful . 
  all because of a desire to be seen as tolerant . 
  he 's not the smartest , normally he just says `` nazi '' . 
  germany would rather spend untold billions housing , processing and deporting migrants than do something useful . 
  appearing tolerant  everything else . 
  [ `` refugees '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfrpwaeme0c ), 
  that 's some hardcore cherry picking right there . 
  russia is more meme than country . 
  im really starting to despise the guardian . 
  it 's so bad it 's starting to make the daily mail look unbiased by comparison . 
   i ca n't believe i 'm having to explain the difference between a place like catalonia ( or the basque region for that matter ) to a central authority like madrid . 
  because madrid would also have had periods in the middle ages and before when it was autonomous ( as in some self governing feudal arrangement like catalonia ) , it would have had a period of time before it was spain . 
  the people from that area would also have its own cultural differences and linguistic differences from other areas of spain i.e castilian spanish . 
  catalonia , like madrid , is just a region that was cobbled together from [ several different ones ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1833_territorial_division_of_spain ) . 
  thats why , because no argument you can put forward for why catalonia should be a country does not apply to every county/region in europe . 
   both bigoted leftists and nazis are morons , mate they ca n't see it . 
  both think because the centre is between them they could n't be further away from each other when really they are both coming from different angles but ending up in the same place . 
   oh , and scotland having been a country more than 3 centuries ago is somehow supposed to justify their right to self-determination ? 
  how relevant is that today ? 
  scotland is still a country and has been for many centuries so them wanting independence is the act of a country wanting to determine its fate . 
  catalonia is not a country , has never been a country and if they can do it that means any city and surrounding area in any european country could then choose to do the same . 
   sorry usa and every former colonies out there , seems like you guys have no track record of being a country before . 
  you ca n't compare colonies rebelling and wanting self determination to chunk of a nation that has existed for centuries suddenly deciding they are n't part of that country any more . 
  catalonia is just a county , one made up a couple centuries ago . 
  as i already said madrid has just as much legitimacy to declare itself a country as catalonia does ( none ) . 
  not really . 
  it 's like the nhs informing me i ca n't be a doctor because i do n't have any medical training or even a degree and me responding with `` but i watch a lot of casualty and really * feel * i should be a doctor '', 
   catalonia is as much as country as portugal or saboya i disagree . 
  it has never been a country , it 's not a country now and will never be a legitimately recognised one in the foreseeable future either . 
  `` plight '' they are in france , they can claim asylum there , they choose not to . 
  their `` plight '' is self inflicted , i could n't care less about them . 
   russell brand now there 's a terrifying thought . 
  again , county . 
  not a country , never has been . 
  catalonia is as much of a country as madrid is , or cadiz . 
  yeah , catalonia was an independent self governing democratic place in the 12th century ... no , it was a bunch of independent feudal kingdoms until they all got gobbled up . 
  catalonian is as much of a country as yorkshire is . 
  wales is at least an internationally recognised country . 
  and if we 're being picky about `` sovereign independent nations '' , then by your logic neither england , scotland or wales counts . ~ i could understand the case for somewhere like bavaria becoming independent , they 've been a duchy , a republic a kingdom ... but catalonia ? 
  the country/nation/kingdom of catalonia has never existed . 
   the first reference to catalonia and the catalans appears in the liber maiolichinus de gestis pisanorum illustribus , a pisan chronicle ( written between 1117 and 1125 ) of the conquest of minorca by a joint force of italians , catalans , and occitans . 
  at the time , catalonia did not yet exist as a political entity , though the use of this term seems to acknowledge catalonia as a cultural or geographical entity . 
  never a country . 
  never an independent political nation . 
  it 's like cornwall trying to declare independent just because it has had a distinctive cultural difference and is a geological entity . 
  catalonia has never been an independent nation and unlike maybe kosovo , is not in the best interests to recognise it as one now . 
  maybe russia will recognise catalonia to return the favour ( most likely they will ) but the majority of the world wo n't . 
  unilaterally declaring independence would not be . 
  eu migration tends to have a small gdp benefit . 
  i think the main problem is the numbers arriving , a lot of people just think 600k immigrants and +300 k population change each year is too high . 
  aside from the eu actually getting invaded i do n't think there would ever be a consensus on using such a force . 
  so while im not opposed to a unified army in principal , i am because of the political reality . 
  i think those who voted for independence were certifiable idiots . 
  thinking they would actually profit financially as a country because `` our oil '' ... thinking they would be allowed into a currency union when the rest of the uk said no ... thinking they would automatically be a eu country ... sheer unthinking stupidity all round . 
  because they get all riled up and when people are thinking with their emotions they do really stupid counter productive stuff . 
   does this mean that catalonia will not really be allowed to be independent . 
  it 's not like anyone will force them to stay a part of spain , but they wo n't be an internationally recognised country and will probably get fucked over by spain every chance they get . 
  i mean the rest of the world . 
  no-one is going to recognise catalonia as an independent nation . 
  also catalonia will not be in the eu , nato or the eurozone as far as im aware . 
  they would have to join and spain would veto all attempts . 
   what will be the reactions from catalonia and european countries . 
  leading parties will not give them legitimacy because allowing a group to unilaterally declare independence would be crazy . 
  left wing populists will be all `` right to self determination '' bullshit because that 's how they operate . 
  even spain has accepted the quota before knowing the number .
