  we have diversity , just look at the greens and ukip . 
  they just do n't stand a chance of ever winning and if you move labour to the left , as corbyn is doing , it 'll just haemorrhage voters . 
  like it is doing . 
  the only way to win an election is to be central . 
  that 's why blair moved the party in that direction , its why they were successful and its why forcing a left wing populist on the party is a god-damn stupid idea . 
   i 've voted in every election since i was able probably for the greens or some other retarded cause . 
  any damage the tories do to the nhs will because of tosspots like you made labour unelectable and gave them a free reign to do whatever they want . 
  when the tories screw the nhs , it 'll be your fault . 
  when they slash benefits it 'll be your fault . 
  they would n't be able to pull that shit with a strong opposition and the reason there wo n't be one is because of a bunch of liberal activist assholes hijacked the leadership against the wishes of the mp 's and wider voters as a whole . 
   people do n't seem to have understood that to actually change something you need to be able to pass laws or at least be in a strong enough challenger position to make the incumbent government wary . 
  to maybe not do some things for fear of getting punished next election . 
  tories wont give a shit atm , they 'll know they can do whatever they want and labour still wo n't be challenging with corbyn leading . 
  no mate they are central causes , thats why lib dems support them and even the tories wo n't abolish them . 
  hell not even ukip would privatise the nhs or slash the benefit system . 
  so you go protest as much as you like , but stay out of politics . 
  its because of assholes like you who 've probably never voted before that the tories are guaranteed to win next election . 
  im a traditional labour voter mate and ive voted for them in a number of elections now , i wo n't be at the next one . 
  i voted to remain , voted to change the voting system . 
  i beleive in the nhs , a strong benefits system ... im pretty much your typical labour voter . 
  which is a central party . 
  the left wing however and right wing are as bad as each other and use the same tactics and rhetoric . 
  ... well almost the same , the right wing is actually viable these days what with the resurgence of the right across europe . 
  so why do n't you do us all a favour and go protest for some pathetic left wing cause and stay out of politics . 
  and every vote that is n't for labour helps tories , so my point stands . 
  the only time that would n't be the case if lib dems supplanted labour as the main opposition , which would mean grabbing all the labour voters which would make it a blair like labour 2.0 at any rate . 
   you have a flawed view of how a democracy should work i do n't think democracy should work this way at all . 
  but , and this is the point you 're not getting , it goddamn does work that way in a fptp system which is what we have in the uk . 
  [ fptp ] ( http://www.electoral-reform.org.uk/make-seats-match-votes ) leads to a two party system where none of the other parties can be viable . 
   30 something how embarrassing for you . 
  you must have seen a couple elections at least so your absolute ignorance is something special . 
   does it ? 
  a vote for the lib dems helps the lib dems . 
  no , a vote for lib dems will help tories . 
  a vote for ukip will help the toreis , a vote for the greens will help the tories . 
  labour needs to increase its voter share massively to stand any chance . 
  every vote that does n't goto them helps the incumbent government because its one less vote for the only party that can oust them also i would n't bring up how useful being in a coalition was for the lib dems considering they backtracked on key pledges and got slaughtered at the next ge . 
  before they lost 15 % of the popular vote , a loss brought about from being a junior partner in a coalition in the first place . 
   democracy should be about finding what resembles your views the most closely cute theory , that 's not the reality in the uk though . 
  a vote for the lib dems helps the tories . 
  the only way that wo n't be the case if is lib dems supplant labour as the main challenger which would leave us in the same situation as we are now . 
  the tories , one centrist challenger and one non credible third party . 
   are lib dems not credible now the lib dems were never credible , no third party is . 
  its a two party system with fptp voting . 
  if you do n't vote for the runner up you 're supporting whoever wins . 
  even then they imploded so hard last election even talking about them is being generous . 
  silly me i missed out the word `` credible '' . 
  i could just as easily counter with why take labour to the left when you have the green party !, 
  when i see a post like yours i assume you 're some teen/20 something liberal fool with his head jammed up his ass . 
  muh biased media !, 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  feel free to bookmark this and come back after the next ge and im proven right . 
  its viewed as the lesser of two evils , i do n't think anyone actually wants it . 
  take your medicine now or borrow and possible end up even more fucked further down the line . 
   so when they do n't support your viewpoint , yougov polls are rubbish , but when they do support your views `` look !, 
  here 's what yougov is saying !, 
  comprehension is not your strong point is it ? 
  can tell you 're a corbyn fan . 
  i do n't doubt yougov 's poll or the fact corbyn had a higher support among selected labour members than smith . 
  that 's why he won , that 's why everyone knew he 'd win . 
  what i said is those registered members , all recent joiners , do n't reflect labour voters or the general public . 
  which is why corbyn does abysmally in the polls and labour are due for a spanking at the next ge . 
  is that too hard for you to comprehend ? 
   i 'm not deluding myself that everything would be fine if he was n't leader labour would be doing better if he had never been made leader to begin with . 
  there is zero doubt about it . 
   again , leads owen smith in yougov polls by double figures . 
  again , because of a bunch of grass roots activist assholes who do n't represent the labour voters or the wider public . 
  want to talk about yougov polls ? 
  this is from [ yesterday ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/09/23/labours-losing-leave-voters/ ) . 
   the last yougov/times voting intention survey before the result of the labour leadership contest is revealed shows the conservatives maintaining their commanding lead over the labour party . 
  this week 's results see the conservatives move up one point to 39 % , whilst labour move down one point to 30 % . 
  and . 
   looking at why former labour voters are now reluctant to vote labour again lays the problem clearly at jeremy corbyn 's door . 
  more than seven in ten ( 71 % ) of the 2015 labour voters who said that they would n't consider voting labour again said it was because they do n't think that corbyn would make a good prime minister yougov also said about [ labour ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/08/15/how-badly-jeremy-corbyn-doing/ ) . 
   oppositions that have not secured large leads in mid-term typically get hammered at the subsequent general election . 
  on those grounds , an opposition that 's still three points behind mid-term is heading for disaster . 
   no labour leader could have lead a surge in the polls if half his cabinet chose to walk all at once in an effort to embarrass him and push him into resigning . 
  unpopular with his party , hugely unpopular with the voters . 
  its not his fault though !, 
  its everyone who wants to get rid of him . 
  you 're deluded . 
  you act like holding migrants or just having them roam around for a couple weeks while borders are closed off is something that could n't be done . 
  newsflash it happened anyway . 
  everyone built their fences and checkpoints without a plan to redistribute everyone . 
  there still * is n't * a plan to distribute everyone , but the borders could have been sealed off and plans put into place a long time ago leaving us with a lot less illegal immigrants roaming around . 
   what isthe point of a labour government which is indistinguishable from the tories ? 
  to give voters a choice of a government that 's more central than the tories . 
  what 's the point in an opposition party that will never challenge for government ? 
  there is n't one . 
  the tories practically imploded after the brexit vote . 
  pm lost and stepped down , the guy expected to walk in got stabbed in the back by another and neither ended up being leader . 
  the party is still split by remainers and leavers . 
  a halfway competent labour leader would have been surging in the polls by now . 
  but no , they still had a populist fool in charge and labour are in an even bigger mess than the tories . 
  the fact the corbyn is record breaking unpopular for a labour leader or leader of the opposition means nothing to his type . 
  100k new labour supporters being really keen on him means everything . 
  his base is not enough to win an election . 
  instead of dragging the labour party back into the wilderness why could n't these new labour supporters go hijack the lib dems . 
  that 's what happened , a bunch of new supporters foisted a populist fool on an established party . 
  the support corbyn has from `` his party '' will become apparent at the next election when labour bomb .
