  france , italy , greece , spain , germany , austria , sweden , even the uk is going to accept more refugees now . 
  against , basically , some of the east european countries . 
  the uk is most definitely not for the quota system . 
  its big stretch to say spain grudgingly accepting is `` for '' it as well . 
  spain initially refused , then agreed to accept 1/3rd what it should . 
  swap spain for ireland who are pretty `` pro quota '' and that 's still 7 out of 28 member states . 
  two of them , italy and greece , would no way vote for a quota system if it was n't benefiting them . 
  i disagree . 
  most countries did not want greece to be given funds without austerity attachments or complete debt write offs . 
  there was hardly anyone calling for such things and when they did it was populist sound bites . 
  germany was doing what the rest of the eu secretly wanted . 
  if anything the german public was more sympathetic to the greeks for a long time than most eu countries according to the polls . 
  now we have the opposite , germany is trying to force what a minority wants when the majority of the eu , governments and people , are really not keen on it at all . 
  you struggle to [ deport 11k ] ( http://www.zeit.de/feature/refugees-in-germany-deportation-flights-laws ) economic migrants a year and , assuming the 50 % rejection rate stays consistent , you 're going to have 400-500k to deport this year alone . 
  not going to happen , and even if it did it would be another huge cost on top of the processing and [ 10 billion ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/refugee-crisis-to-cost-germany-10-billion-euros/a-18696346 ) you 're spending on caring for them right now . 
  im not confused , you just do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  i was in here arguing with several people who claimed the 800k figure was media spin and used the fact there were only 200k claims in the first 6 months to justify this fact . 
  now germany are expecting 40k in a weekend will probably end up talking about 1 million claims before the year ends . 
  where are all those people who were going `` b-but germany only received 200k applicants in the first 6 months 800k is not going to happen ! '', 
  labour are n't going to increase their vote share under corbyn , ukip and lib dems will . 
  this is a knee jerk reaction and a massive step backwards for the labour party . 
  ive voted labour in all three ge 's ive been old enough to vote in , but i wo n't be voting for them next election . 
   at least this means there is actually an opposition yeah , shame it 'll most likely be from ukip . 
  the only `` proofs '' are one thread from 2014 . 
  not proof . 
  never heard of the site , doubt its credible either . 
  also i see a lot of obviously stupid stuff posted on facebook as well , but just because some people are dumb enough to need an article [ telling them not to microwave their iphone ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2768976/emergency-services-forced-step-iphone-users-fall-internet-prank-explains-use-microwave-charge-phone.html ) does n't mean this sub does . 
  i agree wholeheartedly with everything said in that article . 
  some people ca n't deal with the fact the sub has changed and want to blame a mythical `` brigade '' for the fact their opinions no longer represent the majority view . 
  eventually it 'll dawn on them . 
   this might be helpful for germany future ageing economy . 
  germany probably does stand to benefit long term , but other countries do n't have such a population decline issue . 
  it 's not just that im opposed materialistically . 
  i see no benefits whatsoever to having hundreds of thousands of middle-east/african `` asylum seekers '' in the country . 
  none . 
  i also do n't think we ( europe ) have a duty to take in all the worlds poor and displaced . 
  wars happen , so do famines , natural disasters etc. 
  just because a war breaks out does n't mean hundreds of thousands/millions have a right to a life in europe . 
  we should take in those fleeing genuine persecution because of race/ethnicity/beliefs but that help should n't extend to people who have passed though perfectly safe countries illegally to get here . 
  i think more should be done to help turkey and lebanon deal with the crisis and i think the 20k asylum seekers we 're taking in could be higher but overall i agree with cameron 's stance . 
  we 'll give aid and take the most vulnerable from camps bordering syria but that 's it . 
  actually im not done . 
  all those studies ( that said non eea migrants are a drain ) just studied migration , not asylum seekers . 
  there 's a whole level of costs they did not take into account . 
  germany is expected to spend 10 billion euros just on care for the asylum applicants this year and it costs time , money and resources to process them . 
  with a rejection rate of about 50 % there 's a hell of a lot of people that need deportation by plane as well . . which is not cheap . 
  i can read , can you ? 
  i said :  eu immigration provides a small boost , non - eu migration is a drain . 
  and so far every actual study you 've linked says the same thing . 
  overall , hardly noticeable boost to gdp ( but not a gdp per head increase ) and there 's a clear split between eea and none eea migrants . 
  we 're getting non eea migrants , which are a drain . 
  you have not disproved a thing i said . 
  the immigrants coming over will not be a positive for the economy and none of your links have proved otherwise . 
  a tiny amount , not worth accepting them for . 
  also it is an outright lie to claim the people coming over will be a benefit . 
  they are not eea immigrants and non eea immigrants are a drain , even your own examples show that . 
  are middle east and aficans eea ? 
  no , so its a negative effect . 
  oh and by the way those `` models '' are garbage . 
  they make heavy assumptions especially when it comes to the production and make-up of the immigrants involved . 
  the actual real world studies done , and linked already , disagree with the ridiculous conclusions they make . 
  you 're really clutching at straws here so let me refresh : * we do n't have a declining population * the people entering europe will be a drain on the economies and almost every study claims the same . 
   it states : `` positive but fairly small impact '' . . 
  i can provide a huge amount of papers that are going to state the same !, 
  here and here , etc. 
  from that paper you cite :  non-eea immigrants , not dissimilar to natives , have made a negative contribution . 
  are syrians and eritrean 's non-eea immigrants ? 
  yes ? 
  then they are a drain and almost every credible study claims the same . 
  i think you should learn to read sunshine . 
  from your own `` example ''  labour migrants tend to have a much more favourable impact than other migrant groups , although there is some convergence over time . 
   one study that looks at the impact of migration on economic growth for 22 oecd countries between 1986 and 2006 demonstrates a positive but fairly small impact of the human capital brought by migrants on economic growth  immigrants are thus neither a burden to the public purse nor are they a panacea for addressing fiscal challenges . 
  seems to square exactly with what i was saying . 
  eu economic immigrants provide a hardly noticeable boost , non eu and humanitarian migrants are a slight drain . 
  overall the effect is negligible . 
  claiming its a positive is an outright lie . 
   you do realize that the link you provided shows positive net growth on gdp ?? 
  a minuscule amount and it would only really have a positive affect if gdp per head also increased , which it does n't . 
   population is rapidly decreasing in europe [ only in germany ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;plugin=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tps00002 ) . 
   it is almost unanimous in economic research that migration has a positive net effect on gdp growth on medium and long run also [ incorrect ] ( http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/briefings/fiscal-impact-immigration-uk ) immigration provides next to bugger all positive effects . 
  eu immigration provides a small boost , non - eu migration is a drain . 
  a different [ source ] ( http://www.migrationwatchuk.org/briefing-paper/1.16 ) . 
   most immigrants add to production but , in the long term , the host population will only benefit if there is a resultant increase in gdp per head . 
  three recent studies - addressing the past , present and future have all suggested that any such impact is minimal . 
  indeed , the main benefit accrues to the immigrants who are able to send home about # 10 million a day [ iii ] . 
  this picture broadly conforms with the results of major studies undertaken in the us , canada and holland . 
  to say it 's a positive for a country is a great exaggeration . 
  nope , passed me by . 
  although that stuff about losing the court case against the holy grail producer rings a bell . 
  i think im just at that age now where i struggle to keep track of who 's dead and alive . 
  e.g i just found out i was wrong when i thought ade edmondson and not rick mayall was the one who died . 
  edit : it would be more correct to say the people i grew up watching on tv are at an age now which makes it hard to keep track of who 's alive or dead . 
  im pleasantly surprised to find out he 's still alive . 
  good because quite honestly i think your complaint is idiotic . 
  a guy ca n't get a job he 's unqualified for ? 
  id love to see your face when you enter the real world and find out there are plenty of people who ca n't even get jobs they * are * qualified for and it 's * not * because of bureaucracy or xenophobia . 
  it 's not the finnish governments responsibility in the least . 
   to be fair all they are saying is you either follow the extensions to the dublin agreement the dublin agreement germany is n't following you mean ? 
  that was awful even by the guardians usual standards . 
  these cherry picked figures in particular :  the 2011 census showed net immigration into britain of 182,000 a year .
