  although obviously your brain ca n't handle that concept . 
  we both know what 'd be proposed and we all know what your opinion towards it is going to be . 
  so have a downvote for shitposting . 
  so if the result was 45-65 % the polls could claim it was in their margin of error ? 
  its only in their margin of error if its in their margin of error . 
  dumbass . 
  that 's probably the dumbest thing you 've said in this thread , which is impressive considering the other crap you 've come out with . 
  its only `` the easiest way to not be wrong '' if its accurate and the country really is split evenly down the middle . 
  it was n't a coin toss with two outcomes but a poll ranging from 0-100 % . 
  being within 2-3 % means they were pretty accurate and even then they are chastising themselves for not being closer . 
  [ ban said the un did not recognise catalonia as a non-autonomous territory that should be able to claim the right to self-determination ] ( https://uk.news.yahoo.com/catalonia-cannot-claim-self-determination-un-chief-120527738.html )  when one speaks of self-determination , certain areas have been recognised by the united nations as non-autonomous territories . 
  but catalonia does not fall into this category, 
  there would n't be anything left in catalonia to collaborate with . 
  no industry , no economy , they would n't even have a currency . 
  that 's assuming they do n't just go crawling back pretty sharpish and pretend it never happened . 
  which technically it did n't as spain , the eu and the un would not have recognised the independence anyway . 
  catalonia has zero say in whether it becomes independent , it 's entirely upto spain . 
  do you have any idea what a dick move and how dangerous a precedent it sets to allow the wealthiest areas of a country to now decide `` sod it we want to be independent now '' . 
  if catalonia declares independence spain should gut it completely . 
  all the businesses and multinationals will relocate somewhere else in spain . 
  it would n't be long until catalonia is the broke one . 
  oh and spain could very well just send troops in to block all entry points and control of airports etc. 
  unilaterally declaring independence means nothing , it 'll just be considered rebellious spanish territory by the rest of the world . 
   what is spain going to do ? 
  implement border controls , cut off utilities , tax everything going into and coming out of that area , stop all government spending . 
  you know , treat them as another nation and pretty much cut them off entirely from the outside world . 
  im even shorter than the president and no-ones mentioned my height since i left school , which is 16 + years now . 
   the same can not be said for the mail for example . 
  that 's why the mail won awards last year for things like interviewer , foreign correspondent , scoop and news reporter of the year and the guardian won awards for `` critic '' and `` sports photographer '' of the year . 
  even in [ 2014 the mail shat ] ( http://www.pressawards.org.uk/page-view.php?pagename=winners-2014 ) all over the guardian in terms of awards for journalism . 
  just like they did for every year i could be bothered to check ( back to 2012 ) i take back what i said about them being the same , just looking at the awards won it seems obvious mail has far better journalists and a better reputation in the industry than the guardian . 
  they are both still shit though . 
   not just according to me , yes , just you and people like you . 
  the `` press awards '' are also quite meaningless but as it happens the [ mail and the mail on sunday won a lot more of them than the guardian did ] ( http://www.pressawards.org.uk/page-view.php?pagename=winners-2015 ) . 
  if you say `` guardian reader '' or `` guardianista '' to someone it 'll conjure up a mental image every bit as vivid as the one you probably imagine about daily mail readers . 
  the fact its been in financial trouble for ages and will probably end up going out of existence altogether is a blessing . 
   they have a lot of renown journalists that do make excellent content . 
  according to you . 
  i bet there 's plenty of mail readers who think the same about that steaming pile of shit as well . 
  guardian has always been just as bad as the `` right wing '' rags . 
  it was when my flatmate used to get it at university 20 years ago and it is now . 
  that you think otherwise is just because of your biases . 
  yes their garbage is posted on here all the time and it might not be as `` tabloidy '' but the content is equally as biased and gringeworthy as the daily mail . 
  but of course it 's never as bad when you agree with it , is it ? 
  what was that you were saying about fitting your narrative ? 
  we can all see what yours is . 
   by most standards it is a good or even a great newspaper according to middle class left wing types you mean . 
  its a shit , biased paper and every bit as bad as the daily `` immigrants cause cancer '' mail . 
  just on the opposite side of the political spectrum . 
  only because the sun is one of the worst rags in existence . 
  the guardian and the mail might be one step above the sun but they are both pretty shit sources of news that are heavily biased towards their own idiot readers . 
  if you 're a left wing idiot you think the guardian is good , right wing the mail . 
  people with half a brain realise they are both shit . 
  we know which one you are . 
  they are equally garbage . 
  trump , putin and murdoch ... you have to wonder just how stupid `` brexiters '' must be to think being on the same side as those three is a good idea . 
  thats what 's pissed me off the most about this . 
  baby boomers got one last chance to fuck every generation that came after . 
  oh and the lazy fuckers in high remain areas who did n't vote . 
  turnout was significantly lower in the remain areas than leave . 
  considering we 've been receiving funding from the eu for over a decade to tackle the crippling poverty issues we have , what else is new ? 
  ironically i think a lot of it in wales was more of a `` fuck you '' to the establishment from the working class than really being about europe . 
  of course now we 're stuck with a tory government , which wales hates , and we 've lost out on eu funds . 
  wales being a net recipient of funds from the eu . 
  well , there 's a turn up for the books . 
  no surprise to find out its through ireland . 
  wonder what 'll happen to them in case of a brexit . 
  they can say goodbye to all those tech companies based there to avoid uk taxes . 
  not only that but he already reneged on his promise to have an referendum last election . 
  i think as far back as the 90 's even tony blair promised a eu referendum , twice . 
  shits been brewing for a long time , he did n't really have a lot of choice . 
   the whole aftermath in case of a no looks very messy right now the one silver lining for remain atm . 
  its such a cluster fuck you can bet a number of people are going to get cold feet and opt for that status quo on the day . 
  will it be enough for them ? 
  who knows . 
  you think spain or any other country with separatist concerns would n't veto scotland ? 
  last thing they would ever do is set a precedent . 
  sounds intimidating , like a bond villains lair . 
  i approve . 
  adverts are quite often synchronised whether intentionally or not . 
  when its advert time on one channel its around about advert time on almost every other channel . 
  neighbours have always bore the brunt of it . 
  in real refugee crisis , unlike the economic migration we 're seeing , safety is usually a neighbour . 
  turkey as a neighbouring country and signature of refugee convention is morally and legally obliged to offer asylum to syrians who qualify . 
  the uk is n't . 
  any refugees we bring over and offer asylum is because we want too . 
  the uk has also contributed the [ second most ] ( https://fullfact.org/news/uk-aid-syria/ ) aid money to syria beaten only by the us . 
   it gives details for `` total funding ( appeal and non-appeal ) to the syria crisis '' over the past four years . 
  at over $ 1.5 billion , the uk has contributed more than any other individual country bar the united states . 
   it 's slightly less than the european commission , which gets money from the uk through the eu budget . 
  since turkey signed the [ convention relating to the status of refugees ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees ) and the [ universal declaration of human rights ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/universal_declaration_of_human_rights#/media/file:original_universal_declaration_of_human_rights_voters.svg ) it is your responsibility . 
  a small amount probably ended up here , it 's not our responsibility however . 
  you being neighbours are responsible and beholden by refugee law to provide them safety . 
  wales , being 2k miles away and across two bodies of open water is not in the least bit responsible . 
  africa , asia , southern america ? 
  not our problem mate . 
  a potato famine in ireland would be , but not third world countries half the world away . 
   we will no longer accept refugees from europe `` refugees '' that you allowed to pass through in the first place . 
  if only we could just refuse to accept them . 
   which by the way were also ruled unconstitutional , i must have have blinked and missed that part .
