  being realistic , now an attitude . 
   all that money and energy that could be spent on destroying poverty , fixing global warming , space exploration , making sure that everybody eats , and every kid gets an education . 
  but no , we spend it on rocket shields and rockets . 
  guess what , without rockets , you do n't need rocket shields ... people have been saying that since the 60 's . 
  nothings changed , nothing will change . 
  welcome to the real world . 
  it 's an opt out system in wales . 
  we 're sensible like that . 
  mixed . 
  most people are probably okay with people who sufferer something like [ motor neuron disease ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/motor_neuron_disease ) deciding to end their life and requiring help to do so . 
  but a story like the one posted ? 
  that 'd probably not sit well with most people . 
  i guess it 's mainly fears about just where to draw the line and worries about it being a slippery slope . 
  a token amount . 
  you failed to pass reforms , cut pensions , public sector wages , tackle corruption etc etc. 
  you did next to fuck all and spent the entire time trying to dodge your responsibilities . 
  greece fully deserves what happened to it . 
  we should just wall you off and use you as a giant refugee camp at this point . 
  any monopoly has the potential for lower prices . 
  does n't happen though . 
  really do n't see what your point even is . 
  it 's like saying a benign dictator is better than a democracy . 
  theoretically , yes it could be . 
  but you 're reliant on them acting benign and 100 % powerless if they chose not to be . 
  really it 's no different from any other dictator . 
  no , no . 
  im really interested . 
  show me all these economists who say a monopoly is a good thing for the public and results in the lowest possible prices for them . 
  show me the economist which said monopolies are good then . 
   as with all monopolies , a monopolist who has gained their position through natural monopoly effects may engage in behaviour that abuses their market position , which often leads to calls from consumers for government regulation . 
  a natural monopoly is no different from any other kind of monopoly . 
  you 're hoping they are reasonable with prices but they have have all the power and can charge what they want . 
  there are probably a metric shit-tone of rules and regulations preventing them from basically pissing away peoples money in giving it to greece . 
  iirc they had to bend their rules to even bailout greece in the first place and that required the imf to be on board . 
  they downright ignored their own rules when they kept ela going when greek banks were insolvent . 
   whatever makes you feel better . 
  sure mate , greece implemented austerity . 
  that 's why in 2015 they were still trying to get greece to cut things , reduce corruption and raise taxes that they agreed to in 2012 . 
  it 's all the ebil eu and bankers fault for continuing to bail them out . 
  no wonder greece is in such a state , you all live in some made up fantasy land . 
  sure , if the tories promised and ran a campaign of going to war with syria , we could n't turn round and complain if we went to war with syria . 
  they didnt though . 
  syrzia did run on an anti austerity campaign and won a landslide because you , the greek people , wanted to dodge austerity . 
  downvotes for something that factually and provably happened . 
  even parents do n't have bottomless funds and in this case you 've already gone through every other option . 
  the greeks had already borrowed upto the hilt from everyone else and could n't repay them . 
  the imf is a lender of last resort , if you have to borrow from them you 're out of options . 
  theres no-one else to borrow from at this point . 
   had we gone full bankrupt at the start of the crisis , things would be much better now or you could have implemented the full austerity package instead of dragging your feet and refusing to budge until you needed a second bailout . 
  i agree that they should have let greece go bankrupt . 
  get it over with quickly . 
   in our case we 've been forced to take that loans no-one forced greece to spend decades living beyond their means . 
  or forced them to apply for ** two ** bailouts . 
  the only thing people tried to force greece to do was cut spending , but you refused to even do that beyond a couple half assed measures . 
   as our governments were incompetent a good reflection of the greek people then . 
  you lived the high life for years . 
  received a bailout on the promise of implementing austerity , refused to do it then then voted in syrzia to try and get a second bailout * while , all the time , trying to avoid austerity * . 
  remind me how that turned out again ? 
  your infamous `` no to austerity '' referendum ? 
  you got what you deserved . 
  greece had a choice , go through through a tough period of austerity or go bankrupt . 
  they chose to do neither and are now bitching about it . 
  we should never have given them the second bailout . 
   maybe the risk is theirs . 
  theres no risk , even if greece defaults the debt does n't go away . 
  the only way the banks would lose money is if they agree too . 
   did the eu bought the loan from the banks ? 
  no , the bailout was just to keep greece from going bankrupt by allowing them to meet their repayment obligations , with a little extra thrown in because they were still pissing away money . 
  using my previous example of a person , i lent you money to pay the mortgage , bills and any other people chasing you up for debts . 
  you still need to sort your finances out plus you now need to start paying me back 6 months from now . 
   could somebody explain how does it work say you 're living beyond your means , in a lot of debt and facing bankruptcy and i lend you money . 
  where does the money end up going ? 
  to the people you owe money too . 
  in greece 's case that was the banks who lent them money before ( on extremely favourable terms ) . 
  it 's upto you to then go and cut stuff from your budget , my loan was just to keep you going for a while . 
  it did n't wipe away all debt and you still need to sort your finances out . 
  as the guy above pointed out . 
  things are cushy if you live in the se of england . 
  that 's where all the development and investment happens . 
  live anywhere else ? 
  sucks to be you . 
  for the record . 
  [ almost 1 in 4 in wales ] ( http://www.oxfam.org.uk/cymru/poverty-in-wales ) get less than 60 % of the average wage . 
  step it up cornwall , wales has been receiving eu poverty funds for 16 years now . 
  [ we got a second lot of them in 2014 . 
  ] ( http://www.walesonline.co.uk/news/wales-news/fact-wales-poorest-communities-still-8022249 ), 
  we 'll vote to remain in the eu ... or i would have said that for sure 6 months ago . 
  now , like the rest of britain , it 's a lot closer to call . 
  as for remaining in britain ? 
  that 's not something we even need a referendum on . 
  it 'd just be a waste of money . 
  after the scottish referendum support for welsh independence dropped to [ 3 % ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-wales-29331475 ), 
  poverty and social exclusion are huge problems in the valleys , ca n't speak for other places . 
  ive volunteered with a couple different advocacy groups over the last few years aimed at tackling these and boy are there a lot of different groups . 
  people can also be dumbasses . 
  heard it several times from people `` what 's the point being in the eu ? '', 
  when everything from the railway , local dual carriageway and even the preschools milk comes from eu funds . 
  that 's not even mentioning the million wales gets each year to tackle poverty . 
  still , thankfully most people are n't completely dumb and wales will vote to remain . 
   in a time when the outcome was judged pro-eu anyway .
