  as bad as each other , lol . 
  how many journalists has barack obama jailed or how many of his political opponents have been suspiciously murdered during his time in power ? 
   i 'm a student studying social work stopped reading there . 
  tricolors remind me of [ licorice allsorts . 
  is this bizarro day or something ? 
  are you trying to say people vote republican because they are putting the needs of everyone else above themselves ? 
  they are unselfishly cutting taxes and axing welfare because they think it 'll mean a lot of extra people have a bit more money ? 
  they vote for no welfare and lower taxes because they are n't on welfare , or ever likely to be so it 's a100 % selfish action based on what 's best for them and fucking over everybody else . 
  they 'd happily let people starve if it meant lower taxes for themselves . 
  how is that voting against their interest ? 
   and plenty of people vote for them plenty of people vote for the green party !? 
  if thats the best example you have you should just go ahead and admit you 're wrong now . 
   they 're 20/30ies guys that are so jacked up on testosterone , that they come here with their shitty lad culture , get indescribabley drunk and then get into fights yup , that sounds like other people . 
  i do my best to avoid them . 
  dead easy for experienced sailors with seaworthy equipment and knowledge you mean . 
  not really the same thing . 
  they can barely make 12km across to lesbos in the calm , warm mediterranean waters , without a significant drown rate . 
  english channel is 2-3 times wider , a lot rougher , colder and is the busiest seaway in the world . 
  personally i see mass amount of islamic economic migrants as the root cause and the `` symptoms '' are in the news almost every day . 
  closing the borders and keeping them contained fixes 100 % of the problems . 
  i think you 'll find there were numerous people who said trying to close the borders would achieve nothing . 
  looks like you can stop migrants crossing borders en masse after all . 
  as a brit the comparison is dumb . 
   any post i see that involves germany you come around shilling your shillings germany typifies is all that 's wrong with the eu and despite merkel not being an elected eu official she seems to be the one deciding everything the eu does . 
   so ... how does greece fit into this `` messiah complex '' ? 
  they do n't , germany does n't give a shit about greece . 
  you just want to be seen as the saviours of the immigrants . 
  you like to * pretend * you have greece 's interest at heart , because of your pathological need to be seen as the `` good guys '' , but if that was the case you would have done something useful to help them . 
  we 've all seen how much germany cares for greece when push comes to shove . 
   of course you are reliant on that guy yeah and if it comes into action and 10k syrians enter turkey what are they going to do ? 
  stop them travelling to greece and end up with 10k extra syrians or let them pass and maintain overall refugee numbers . 
  this is a great deal for turkey all round and a sad day for so called eu principals and solidarity . 
  bit fucking rich coming from alastair campbell , the man responsible for the [ dodgy dossier ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraq_dossier ) . 
  the only argument is it will do nothing for the numbers already here , will legitimise a shitty government and be a slap in the face to actual eu countries like cyprus and is heavily dependent on turkey actually stopping migrants when they 've showed fuck all desire too do so . 
  it will still also require eu countries to come up with a quota plan and we know how that 's going to go . 
  i fail to see a single positive thing about the `` plan '' . 
   the turkey plan seems to be a solid solution for this . 
  a plan drawn up by germany unilaterally and foisted on the rest of the eu as `` it 's this or nothing '' . 
  a plan that relies heavily on redistributing and quotas for the millions who have already come over . 
  it 's just like everything else germany has done for the past year . 
  good comeback . 
  its as intelligent as german policies . 
  germany does n't give a shit about greece . 
  know why greece is in such a bad way without the refugees ? 
  i 'll give you a clue . 
  it starts with `` g '' and ends with `` ermany '' if you did care you would have done something to stop or stem the flow of immigrants reaching them long before now . 
  you would n't have encouraged more to come . 
  you would have given them aid and support to hold , house and process everyone arriving . 
  germany has done nothing for over 6 months except fuck europe over in an effort to be seen as a messiah . 
  germany is the only country making unilateral decisions here . 
  everyone else seems to be on the same page . 
  who 's idea was the quotas ? 
  or a refusal to discuss anything else unless quotas were included effectively killing off any response ? 
  germany which country unilaterally suspended dublin ? 
  who `` arranged '' this little plan with that bastion of european ideals turkey ? 
   eu member slovenia said it would allow in only migrants wishing to claim asylum there or those seeking entry `` on humanitarian grounds and in accordance with the rules of the schengen zone '' seems to me that slovenia 's handling of this is a 100 % sensible and mature fashion . 
  whereas germany is stamping its feet and throwing a tantrum like a spoilt child . 
  sorry germany , the rest of the eu is n't interested in your messiah complex . 
   we know that most of them are interested in having a future mostly sucks to be them . 
  there are untold millions who would love the same , in africa , asia , s.america ... 
  it 's not our duty to give everyone from the middle east/asia a better life . 
   i can also point you at the 90 % + of refugees from the yugoslav wars that returned and how did it go when it was time for the turkish guest workers to return ? 
  remind me how that went again . 
   is anyone saying something else ? 
  yes the fact that a huge amount of those coming over are not refugees , and do not get refugee status yet still vanish into the eu with no registration . 
  plus you 're naive if you think a syrian who travelled all the way to germany is going to go back when the war is over . 
  if they were going to do that and were just interested in safety they had no reason to leave turkey , or greece , or macedonia , or serbia , or austria ... you want to be a refugee ? 
  that 's cool . 
  we 'll build you some nice camps somewhere give you food/aid etc until the war is over and send you back . 
  those who are n't valid refugees can stay in different camps and get deported asap . 
  you have no right or reason to leave an eu border country . 
   what makes you think that all gon na stay ? 
  because they 've passed through safe countries and continued on a dangerous journey already ? 
  if safety was their primary concern they would n't have made the trip over to greece in the first place . 
  that 's where we differ . 
  to me someone who leaves syria and goes to turkey could be a real refugee concerned about their safety . 
  someone who pays a smuggler loads of money , crosses to greece , refuses to register for asylum and then crosses several european countries to reach france/germany/sweden is not a refugee . 
  we do n't have to `` take '' anyone regardless . 
  nothing says refugees have to , or even should be allowed , to stay in a host country once the conflict is over . 
  we just have to provide safety and shelter and basic food/medicine etc. 
  can easily be done in a camp in greece . 
   the fact that you refuse to acknowledge was that blair 's concept of labour was ... 
  the most successful for a labour party , leading to it winning the most seats ever and ending 18 years of opposition . 
   you can scapegoat corbyn all you want , but he only inherited the rotting corpse of the labour party he was forced on the party by a bunch of try hard populists , he was only a contender because someone took pity on him . 
  he could n't even get enough backers to challenge for leadership on his own merits . 
  he 's a novelty act and a pretty pathetic one . 
   the rest will go to other parties , hopefully lib dems . 
  yeah keep believing that . 
  labour will have a more central leader in 5 years time . 
  this little experiment will kill off old labour for good . 
  feel free to bookmark this . 
   at least with corbyn labour will never win . 
  will never be credible challenge , wo n't even be able to keep the tories honest . 
  cameron can pretty much do what the fuck he wants now , the only challenge he 's likely to face will be from his own party . 
  it 's a real possibility corbyn will not be in charge come next election and if he is ... he will 100 % not be in charge for long after it . 
  he 's a populist knee jerk response and labour will not `` revert '' to being more left wing . 
  it 's not even more left wing now . 
  he has zero authority or power in his own party . 
   arguably the party that got massacred in an unprecedented manner in the general elections was , likewise , a joke they fell short , mainly because of a weak leader and the public was n't sold on anti-austerity . 
  they still made gains from the previous election and compared to corbyn , milliband is going to look like a tactical genius .
