   corbyn has his problems , being unelectable is a pretty big problem when you 're the leader of the opposition in a two party system . 
  at least under blair there was an alternative to the tories . 
  now there is n't . 
  not as much as the tories do . 
  oh well , labour being a credible party of government was nice while it lasted . 
  back to the wilderness . 
  a quota is immaterial to securing the borders . 
  you can secure the borders without a quota but you were never going to get a quota accepted without secure borders . 
  all germany did is waste 6 months time . 
   there is no incentive for greece/italy to do that . 
  there was no incentive for anyone else to accept a quota until the borders were secure and , as i stated , anyone with half a brain could see what would happen . 
  mind you anyone with half a brain could see that countries would end up closing off their borders as well , but it still surprised half the people on here and 90 % of eu bureaucrats . 
  that 's just fantasy . 
  germany actively tried to prevent everyone taking control of their borders and shamed everyone who tried . 
  everyone with half a brain was saying you need to build processing camps and stop people from entering before discussing quotas but germany refused to even discuss it . 
   why should they when the numbers coming over are not diminishing but increasing . 
  why take in 10k now if next year you 'll be asked to take in 50k . 
   if the flow had been stopped and we were voluntarily accepting refugees from turkey and jordan im sure most countries would have no issues with relocating tens or hundreds of thousand across europe . 
   the trouble is it has n't stopped , it 's increasing , and rewarding those who come over illegally makes the situation worst . 
  someone with half a brain ( [ me ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jnfrn/visegrad_group_poland_slovakia_czech_republic/cuqwda5 ) ) a year ago . 
  once there 's a solution in place to stop vast hordes of undocumented migrants just wandering around it 'd be much easier to push that migrant quota idea germany is so in love with . 
  cool story bro . 
  a fantastic , if nonsensical and quite rambling tale . 
  im sure it made sense in your mind and somehow proved me wrong . 
  time to make a new troll account mr `` been a member for 18 days '' anyone looking through the comments of this one will see what a barely literate moron you are in seconds and dismiss you . 
  as im now going to do . 
  goodbye . 
  you were 100 % factually and demonstrable wrong about the uk and the 20k immigrants we 're taking in so you moved onto other topics . 
  topics such as borderline retarded insults . 
  sheep ? 
  wow ive never heard that one before !, 
  do you refer to americans as `` amerifats '' as well when you get your little panties in a twist ? 
  the only things that `` got proved '' were that you were wrong and uncreative as fuck . 
  whereas your tired trolling is uncreative as fuck . 
  but i guess it keeps plebs like you amused . 
  way to focus on the unimportant half of the post there and ignore the bit that shows what a tool you are . 
  just what id expect from dumbass troll . 
  i get 80 mbps in the ass end of the welsh valleys . 
  and [ we did opt out of the eu relocation scheme ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/david-cameron/11700336/eu-summit-david-cameron-uses-eu-opt-out-to-refuse-migrant-quotas.html ) . 
  that 20k is what [ we decided to take in ourself ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/vulnerable-persons-relocation-scheme-for-syrian-nationals ) . 
  be more ignorant . 
  when you have ten people who enter the eu by illegal means , claiming to be from syria , it 's impossible to say who will become radicalised and its immaterial at any rate . 
  all are guilty of being illegal immigrants and none should be allowed to just roam free . 
   while i agree with what blm are trying to accomplish in the states , i do n't . 
  i think their methods and rhetoric are disgusting . 
  they do n't seem to care at all about addressing the issues , just causing as much trouble as possible and making a bad situation worst . 
  the whole earth is n't welcome in europe . 
  like most countries we have strict rules on who can enter and how long they can stay . 
  unless you float over on a raft that is , then suddenly the rules do n't apply . 
  at least you do n't have [ blm ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/10/black-lives-matter-uk-movement-work-starting ) yet . 
  i seem to remember the market dropping at a rate that put the recession to shame which was the short term effect everyone predicted . 
  its unsurprising things slowly bounced back after several months of zero movement on the brexit situation . 
  we have n't even taken the first step towards a brexit . 
  all we 've done since the vote is announce we wont be doing anything about it any time soon . 
  i dot get all these folks that point out the sky has n't collapsed as having any significance . 
  we have n't even started the discussion on how we 're going to leave yet . 
  i fail to see how that `` news '' can be surprising or interesting to anyone . 
   how on earth am i [ ... ] supposed to actually know this sort of thing ? 
  it was mentioned in almost every story about the topic . 
  the bbc were even stating it before the verdict was given . 
   in apple 's case , 90 % of its foreign profits are legally channelled to ireland , and then to subsidiaries which have no tax residence, 
   article 7 seems likely in case the uk tries to abort brexit . 
  the referendum is 100 % non legally binding . 
  we could ignore the referendum result and break 0 laws . 
  a rather major flaw in your deluded little plan . 
  not surprised to see cardiff so high . 
  despite the fact im a valleys boyo . 
  always thought it has a great balance between things you want in a large city while still being small enough to walk everywhere . 
  on the other hand 48 % voted to remain and a party can win a general election with 35 % of the popular vote . 
  probably should have dodged the euro and schengen question better though . 
  ca n't imagine that 'd encourage more people than it puts off . 
   so far , there is little information about the motivations of the attackers in either instances -- details such as their religious or ethnic backgrounds have not been publicly released . 
  good idea not to release that info , im sure people wo n't read much into it ... 
   it 's just that , as i 'm not welsh , i have a job . 
  yeah , potato farming can be tough . 
  myself i work in an office and to confess a little secret im actually browsing imgur at the same time . 
  it takes a whole 2 seconds to crush your responses . 
  might take a break soon for lunch but its been great entertainment watching you flail about . 
  0/10 troll attempts , getting desperate now . 
  are n't there any marches through someone else 's area going on today ? 
  or women you can stop getting abortions . 
   you ca n't have patriotism without a country , friend . 
  we are an internationally recognised and unified country , unlike ireland . 
  boom !, 
  see how easy that was ? 
  as easy as squashing your original claims about a `` history of being conquered '' was . 
   you 're trolling is simply echoing statements you 've said multiple times . 
  try harder , buddy . 
  says the guy who gave up on his argument ages ago and is just shitposting now . 
  is that right ? 
  or is it leeks ? 
  what does it matter . 
  unlike ireland our national identity comes from our country , not a chip on our shoulder against england . 
  muh oppression !, 
  muh potato famine !, 
  silly me , how could i forget your potato famine . 
  terrorism , chip on the shoulder and potatoes . 
  100 % of what ireland is known for . 
   i googled it . 
  never heard of the place before .
