  so that you can walk/bike or buy new cars . 
  guess who wanted to be environmentally friendly and got a diesel car years ago ? 
  ca n't afford to trade it in for a decent electric car . 
   you 're completely disregarding those with pulmonary disabilities who ca n't enjoy oslo today because of the motorists . 
  sorry i did not ask you earlier about what i really mean . 
   you have to be relatively wealthy and healthy, 
   even though you 're in such good health that you can drive a car, 
  so i 'm so wealthy and healthy that my problems does not count ? 
  wealth : in norway people on disablilties can buy a car . 
  it 's not easy but it 's about priorities in life and beeing satisfied with an old clunker . 
  for me personally it was worth some sacrifices to be able to meet friends . 
  so an old car , a small flat in the least popular outskirts of the city etc. 
  health : what i read here is that i 'm a priviliged idiot and my issues does not count since there are people worse off than me . 
  paintings i could immidiately name :, 
  italy : mona lisa by leonardo da vinci, 
  netherlands : the girl with pearl earrings by johannes vermeer, 
  norway : the scream by edward munch, 
  recogniced many others but could not name them . 
  well sit down then - and you wo n't have to clean the whole room ? 
  i feel you . 
  whenever i visit my incontinent mum . 
  the first loo stop . 
  then i remember and wipe for the remainder of my visit . 
  so what if it was possible to send texts to car registration numbers . 
  different companies man . 
  this is what capitalism give the free world !, 
  one company work to create a lifeboat with a smooth ride - like driving a rolls royce . 
  the other focus on the fun factor and a lower price - like driving a beach buggy . 
  and we get the options and can buy the lifeboat we prefer . 
  just like the cars mentioned there probably will be an age thing where youngsters go for the looping one and older people prefer the smooth ride . 
  that is one fast lincoln . 
  they sure do n't make them like that anymore . 
  different mojo too . 
  i feel dizzy just watching . 
  ca n't imagine ... 
  it 's the person in charge of putting up those shelves who should have been fired . 
  they should withstand a bump like that . 
  why not make blindspots a thing of the past ? 
  mirrors and/or cameras . 
  i guess it 's up to us shibes . 
  i belive what you do is running two systems at the same time . 
  ynab and then the same system i and many others used before ynab - with checking , bills and savings . 
  it 's like running ynab with 3 categories only . 
  what i do now is keep money in my checking watching it grow slowly . 
  when it grows to a good bit more than one months pay i transfer the rest to savings . 
  and if i get enough big bills i transfer some back . 
  import ? 
  no idea . 
  i guess a `` basic '' model and then tons of different addons and extras depending on wants and needs of the buyers . 
  shit happens !, 
  obligatory , even . 
  when doges duck it 's for such fun not for much submission, 
  -- very ancient shibe, 
  what ? 
  threading reddit ? 
  such science !, 
  in general yes . 
  but who are they these days ? 
  very pineapple, 
  i 've been buying dogecoin with every paycheck for a while so i might as well make it official . 
  i use a fixed amount in my local valuta or roughly $ 12 every month . 
  by the next level what do you mean ? 
  getting more of us to pledge ? 
  making shibes do much wow ? 
  finding new ways to promote ? 
  dogerain used to be fun !, 
  looks a lot like norway to me . 
  close to odda ? 
  3 months in . 
  bowing in respect for the elders of the community . 
  if you have both up and running just send them to yourself ? 
  participate on http://dogecoin.com/, 
  i have no particular abilities in this adventure - but i would send doge to dogetipbot tng and start tipping to get much wow going !, 
  thank you !, 
  i saw my lost doges . 
  + / u/dogebeerbot one pint, 
  yes i understand that my tip doges still are unavailable - but unable to tip you still deserve something for your effort, 
  + / u/dogehugbot much hug, 
  for everyone ? 
  or as an option ? 
  still good news - even fantastic !, 
  thanks, 
  very nice !, 
  how many hours did you drive every day ? 
  men ved at telenors datterselskaper f.eks . 
  i assume you are from an english speaking country so you mostly hear about the british royals . 
  the situation in norway and many other europeean countries differ from the uk . 
  the royals are more loved and are better treated by the media . 
  in the uk the media love to write that harry is an illegitimate child etc. 
  in norway the idea of a monarchy is critisized especially by the left wing press but it does not turn as vicious as in britain . 
  it 's usually a more friendly tone in the media . 
  this may because the royals in norway are more down to earth . 
  as a norwegian i get the impression the uk royals are stiffer and distance themselves more from the commoners . 
  take this do this video is from as an example . 
  the king and queen both turn 80 and arrange a ball . 
  other countries are represented by their kings and queens . 
  but the brits send sophie of wessex . 
  i 'm sure she is perfectly nice . 
  but the uk queen could not be bothered to come . 
  nor did she send the crown prince which would be natural if she felt too old to travel .
