  as a norwegian i find it very interesting that your president is a scam artist . 
  it goes to his personality . 
  so by extension anything he does as a president might be a scam . 
  and anything his administration does on his behalf . 
  which make the official us a little less thrustworthy . 
  and that is important for the world imho . 
  it 's a pair !, 
  a study in design, 
  true . 
  and who thought it was a good idea ? 
  i 've kept my 10 yo laptop because it 's good for writing and reading . 
  hoping for the trend to reverse - but after 10 + years ... 
  what baffles me is that with the huge number of computers made each year why not make 0.1 % with 4:3 screens ? 
  i would pay extra for one of those !, 
  and while i 'm on - why do all phones look the same ? 
  i would also pay extra for a top of the range phone in the same format as my old palm treo . 
  yes - a smaller square screen and a full qwerty keyboard . 
  and thick enough for a large battery . 
  men det er da ikke enten/eller ? 
  de har jo all inclusive p\u00e5 b\u00e5ten . 
   only problem is that 0.1 % of the population is n't a big enough profit margin . 
  i do n't belive that one . 
  for you and me starting up sure - but for a large company having designed a laptop already to work from ? 
  0.1 % of the world 's laptop or phone market is still quite a good customer base most other companies would love to tap . 
  i think there are some lazy product managers around just working on auto pilot . 
  such core , very wallet . 
  much doge !, 
  except i would have no idea how to swap the screen of my laptop . 
  but i wish some laptop maker would do this !, 
  cool , but not for me, 
  well whoever posted this vid is a dick . 
  no it 's usually the oldest ( son ) who inherits the throne . 
  i belive kaiser don has a son older than ivanka ? 
  thank you for helping me clearify what i do n't get !, 
  i know what the vix is . 
  and that the vvix is the `` vix of the vix '' . 
  what i do n't get is the part about the vvix beeing high now and that that is a good thing . 
  * a low vix is good since the market can climb peacefully . 
  * a high vvix then signals the end of a stable vix . 
  would n't that be bad ? 
  good for day traders maybe - but not for the markets in general ? 
  thank you for verifying this - it 's what i have been thinking too . 
  what i do n't get is the part about the vvix beeing high now and that that is a good thing . 
  * a low vix is good since the market can climb peacefully . 
  * a high vvix then signals the end of a stable vix . 
  would n't that be bad ? 
  good for day traders maybe - but not for the markets in general ? 
  nah i 'm not trading anything here - just fail to understand why the current high vvix is a good thing . 
   in this sense , the indicators are suggesting that while the market expects price changes to be relatively small , it thinks there is a larger than usual possibility that the magnitude of those price changes will change as well ( and from experience , likely become larger ) . 
  i guess that is where i 'm struggling . 
  why is this a good thing ? 
  is n't low volatility generally better - well except for the daytraders ? 
  ok perhaps i 'm having language challenges - english is n't my first language . 
  thanks !, 
   2 ) problems must apply specifically to brits and be british in nature . 
  if your post could apply equally to someone from another country , or is about another country , it most likely is n't a british problem and would be better suited to / r/firstworldproblems instead . 
  neither you nor op checked the rules . 
  thanks . 
  that makes sense . 
  i see !, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  yes, 
  we should use doge as much as possible . 
  it 's what is good for a currency - to be used . 
  buy . 
  sell . 
  trade . 
  jr is taking one for the team . 
  well i for one would not be very relaxed if a brick with 4 blenders on hovered over my head . 
  god ide !, 
  so many !, 
  and playing guitar/piano for myself in my amateurish way . 
  it was a time when i could not listen to music or play myself . 
  what helped me get here was emdr . 
  it hurt way less than i feared . 
  that is it was not really pain just high on the discomfort scale . 
  it was awkward though . 
  the nurse/operators were pros - but still . 
  if i 'd taken a selfie it would have looked just like op 's pic . 
  more like a clicked gifv never loads . 
  you can remove the quotes from the title . 
  this was a real science experiment . 
  it 's reproducable . 
  they learned something . 
  and by filming it is also educational since we learned from it . 
  well done !, 
  i drive a camper myself but stop when i see a line forming behind me - even if it 's just one car . 
  problem is - i often have to drive quite a distance to find a suitable spot . 
  and i have been behind other gotdamned campers enough to sympathise with you - often while driving my own one . 
  and i would be fine with a twice as thick one if the space was used for a larger battery . 
  foot handle . 
  binged it a `` long '' time ago . 
  loved it !, 
  hoping for a season 2, 
  det er den standarden vi holder trump og putin til . 
   godwin 's law does not claim to articulate a fallacy ; it is instead framed as a memetic tool to reduce the incidence of inappropriate hyperbolic comparisons . 
  `` although deliberately framed as if it were a law of nature or of mathematics , its purpose has always been rhetorical and pedagogical : i wanted folks who glibly compared someone else to hitler to think a bit harder about the holocaust '' , godwin has written . 
  as someone who has survived a crazy mix of weird diagnoses here is a : hug :, 
  my favourite with all kinds of vegs really - from salads to boiled or fried :,
