this is the one thing keeping me from nynab . 
  i love sitting in my rv on top of some mountain pondering over budget issues . 
  it 's not the same for all people . 
  20/50 and even 100 are rules of thumb . 
  what you are trying to achieve is eating few enough carbs that you burn fat into ketones . 
  look in the sidebar for more info . 
  nail on the head etc. 
  that is not a bike - it 's a toy !, 
  i hope the pickup truck driver gets his licence taken . 
  ok but for me it has the opposite effect . 
  spoils the fun . 
  a teaser image - sure - but the climax ? 
  back in the vhs and dvd days i never read the text on the back . 
  i guess i 'm just fond of beeing surprised . 
  well that is what i get on youtube . 
  when it does not autostart . 
  paul ryan said that getting tax reform done would take longer than getting obamacare withdrawn . 
  ( parafrased from bloomberg article ) . 
  so i would not hold my breath . 
  but to an amateur like me it looks like many investors have done just that while inflating stock prices . 
  and now they may all breathe out and blow their investments off the table . 
  ( yes a great analogy ) . 
  you and me both !, 
  me too . 
  and i am overweight . 
  so weight loss is a bonus . 
  and all the delicious food !, 
  i do n't have a fur coat . 
  but now i want one . 
  because it 's warm . 
  i guess i would be contrarian to kitchensoldier but since we do n't know eachother i do n't see the problem . 
  it 's warm and looks comfortable when it 's -30 c outside . 
  or -5 c. 
  no it 's been in the back of my mind for some years . 
  til i kontaktene mine . 
  good one !, 
  nice cat !, 
  but what 's happened to my reddit ? 
  when i click this link from the front page i 'm redirected to this comments page and not to the video directly . 
  i prefer to watch the video then visit the comments after . 
  this used to work earlier . 
  anyone know what i have done to mess this up ? 
  so did you meet victoria coren mitchell ? 
  it 's the barge operator/captain who fails to keep his barge in position . 
  so could be vodka , snapchat , other distractions . 
  or mechanical error or engine failure . 
  or just a slacker at work . 
  it happens in some subreddits and not in others . 
  but i will try something else than firefox . 
  it happens in other browsers too . 
  but perhaps only for links to i.redd.it - so that may be it . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  can only find sources in norwegian :, 
  no they are just jokes . 
  dead horses can be used for all kinds of good stuff like sausages , tail hair for instrument strings , hair for fabrics etc. 
  what ... 
  but ... 
  i mean ... why ... who ... huh ? 
  i do n't understand why this happened . 
  did n't the tractor have breakes or ignition to turn off ? 
  so how many ribs ? 
  i trade doge to - not very frequently though . 
  and i like that one satoshi up/down is a largish jump percentage wise . 
  me too !, 
  from weselldoges.com - where did you buy ? 
  which is the best place ? 
  i found this in / r/vandwellers posted by / u/johnmflores . 
  thought it fit in here as it is a huge motorhome really . 
  and guessing from the licence plate built in the netherlands ? 
  thanx !, 
  judging someone/something by their cover is as stupid as holding every wild idea someone gets in the shower up as some universal truth . 
  he is right . 
  the girl sculpture changed the impression we get from the bull totally . 
  it looks like she 's there to stop the bull . 
  to start another stock market crash like 1929 . 
  so not the best place to place it . 
  the brave girl would look better if we did not read that into her . 
  it 's the car drivers fault . 
  but cyclist is stupid not to expect this since it 's an easy mistake to make for a driver . 
  you get just as hurt if it is n't your fault . 
  ok that 's right - but the same issue nevertheless . 
  have n't but definately would . 
  such view . 
  only a bark away . 
  much prettyness !, 
  i put a strip of duck tape on the back . 
  brilliant !, 
  well [ in 1883 the krakatoa volcano had a huge eruption ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1883_eruption_of_krakatoa ) and the dust etc. 
  from the volcano coloured the sunsets all over the planet . 
  so the trippy colours used by munch was based on reality . 
  what a time to live !, 
  i used to live in oslo but moved out this winter . 
  while it was not the main reason i moved this war on cars was number two on the list . 
  i have a physical handicap and find it really hard to use public transport . 
  but i can drive . 
  so when meeting friends downtown i drove . 
  unfortunately the sharply rising cost of toll roads and parking combined with my low income ( thanks to beeing disabled ) made this financially difficult . 
  i spoke to my gp ( fastlege ) about this . 
  unfortunately i do not qualify for a handicap parking permit . 
  sorry for venting - i just get the impression that oslo will be a much better place - but only as long as you are healthy and wealthy .
