  i think those will break first on this one . 
  on my previous computers i usually wore out the keyboard first . 
  other than that it seems ok . 
  the screen is the single part i 'm least happy with . 
  compared to my old thinkpad w530 it 's got pale colors . 
  and is really picky on the viewing angle . 
  and when i got the w530 it was worse than my previous thinkpad . 
  are screens in general getting worse with each generation ? 
  --  snopes, 
  smeltekonto ? 
  ikke at det er sunt \u00e5 leve kun p\u00e5 bacon . 
  men bacon er jo slankekost . 
  yes a big van with luxury features . 
  good for them . 
  still living the life though . 
  similar tents are still beeing made !, 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  got a tip from a chemical engineer . 
  stopped buying blue enzyme - started using liquid laundry detergent . 
  same enzymes . 
  much cheaper ( in europe ) . 
  no problem with this for 3-4 years . 
  and save space since same flask used when washing clothes . 
   how many hours/miles the truck will operate before having to be recharged, 
  that depends . 
  obviously . 
  on the load hauled on each trip . 
  just the cheapest i can get - last time it was ariel . 
  similar amount as the blue stuff . 
  mine is also from thetford . 
  this belongs in / r/shittylifeprotips, 
  i have ptsd and if offered i might take an ecstacy pill when i 'm having a shitty day . 
  but i hope i wo n't . 
  since i have no idea what 's in that pill or if mdma what dosage . 
  might just as well fuck me up !, 
  edit : i have no problem with people taking mdma in a professional environment like this trials . 
  exactly !, 
   fellow disabled vet here ; yeah , if someone just handed me some ecstacy and said `` take this and you 're good bro '' . 
  i 'd be a little freaked out . 
  long before my ptsd i stupidly accepted a similar offer . 
  was not good at all ! . 
   speaking for myself . 
  ptsd recovery is a long road , that might not end . 
  do n't i know it !, 
  i belive i 'm in this for life . 
  emdr was very helpful for me . 
  but there is still work to do . 
  places and situations to avoid . 
  i 'm glad to hear therapy works for you . 
  hang in there !, 
   and nobody is going to tell somebody to take mdma at a party to do some emotional healing . 
  that is what i read from this comment . 
  so i got a bit hot headed . 
  and thanks - i am getting help . 
  if you have n't already perhaps try emdr . 
  it left me in control and for me it worked well even when i was very sceptical before trying . 
  thank you - very interesting !, 
  i would have no problems with this . 
  the key issue is clinical use with a psychotherapist . 
  well put !, 
  that is what i got afraid of too after reading this . 
  exactly . 
  if all the smart beta etfs started buying the same few stocks we might get a bubble from that . 
  but they do not follow the same indexes so they wo n't . 
  well people do . 
  and if you are very stressed with ptsd you are more likely to jump on any idea that might help . 
  i know i did ( do ? 
  because that 's what we ended up talking about after reading the article . 
  true . 
  the bubble talk happened in the office after reading the article . 
  some argued that all that controlled by computer algos might be a bubble . 
  well they are still comparatively small compared to the total market . 
  and widely diversified . 
  but sure - in a general boom or bust all ships move in the same direction . 
  sure if you belive my coworkers . 
  perhaps it is a webasto ? 
  diesel powered heater ? 
  my van has one but the controls look different . 
  if so you can heat your car when the engine is off - or on if the engine itself does not heat enough . 
  and you can set it on a timer to be welcomed by a warm car in the winter . 
  glad i could help !, 
  sorry it was n't a flame thrower ... 
  fair enough - except i think it is not . 
  sorry ca n't access from home . 
  shibes mining for lols never go out of fashion !, 
  much lols such fun, 
  i would have tried to reboot the phone . 
  if did not help then a revert to factory settings . 
  wipes you phone . 
  if that did not help either i 'd get a new phone . 
  i think facebook is over there --------- , 
  so as a scandinavian we do n't have crocs and gators . 
  and i honestly do n't think i 'd want to be on the water at all where this is filmed . 
  perhaps in a large cruise ship . 
  but not anything smaller !, 
  definatly not in this dainty thing !, 
  i 'm sure he 's glad he had the dainty thing between himself and the water, 
  i prefer youtube & co since they handle crappy internet lines better . 
  gifs usually play 2 secs then hang for 2-3 minutes before jerking into action again . 
  very frustrating .
