  will experiment with tipping when i learn how to fill my wallet . 
  whoops !, 
  got this :, 
   [ such error ] : / u/iuqeyewqiu 's balance is too low for this tip [ help ], 
  am on holiday and doge wallet on home computer . 
  will fill it up as soon as back home . 
  so dogecoin is on sale ? 
  great !, 
  time to stock up !, 
  there is something weird going on with that link . 
  originally it 's at bbc.co.uk , but after the page loads it 's on bbc.com, 
  i guess it 's probably safe and probably a valid bbc website - but this is the kind of weasily stuff that make me wary . 
  i get that . 
  but it 's stupid, 
  1 ) redirecting is bad, 
  2 ) me beeing on holiday does not mean i want different news stories, 
  3 ) serving different news to different people only helps those spreading fake news . 
  why not redirect me to the largest news site in the country i 'm currently in ? 
  right now i 'm in sweden so i guess i do n't want to know what 's up in britain . 
  redirecting me to http://www.dn.se/ would be a better way of insulting me . 
  that is wrong . 
  brits abroad , expats and anglophiles from other countries all would be interested in local news from their part of britain . 
  and changing the domain name of a website i visit is one of the gimmicks i associate with fake news . 
  ofcourse i know the beebs would not present fake news - but still . 
  it has a smell to it . 
  well i do since the content changes too . 
  changing the domain name of a website i visit is one of the gimmicks i associate with fake news . 
  ofcourse i know the beebs would not present fake news - but still . 
  it has a smell to it . 
  and i do n't get the point ? 
  are the going ons in britain somewhat labeled `` most secret '' so foreigners or brits abroad should not be able to read ? 
  i did a quick check of varions scandiwegian papers and they do n't do this silly business . 
  where ? 
  and a nice evening to you too . 
  if you look at the price of doge in $ it 's much more stable than the price of doge in btc . 
  because the price of btc in $ is volatile . 
  the price of doge does not really have to depend on btc . 
  it could depend on $ directly if that was the way it gets traded the most . 
  whitch an etf might change for us . 
  you should atleast read about the boglehead way of investing . 
  they have a wiki and a friendly forum . 
  such brain !, 
  much idea !, 
  i would help making that many beer cans empty . 
  click on `` edit your flair '' in the sidebar . 
  you get a flair just like op beein a coder `` shibe '' . 
  thank you !, 
  that shitty gif never loaded properly on my slow line . 
  get a bloomberg header with only this on the main page :, 
  page not found, 
  that did the trick !, 
  thank you very much !, 
  how nice !, 
  i 'm really impressed how everybody behaved !, 
  i have an invisible disability - busted balance - and find it very tiresome to stand in line . 
  so i never go to such places you describe . 
  avoid plane rides , public entertainment etc. 
  sometimes i think about bringing crutches to signal to people that i am disabled - but then i feel like cheating so i do n't . 
  i 'm not saying you are lucky having leg issues - but having a visible disability has it 's advantages . 
  best of luck with your prosthetic-issues !, 
   one stylish cane, 
  good idea !, 
  did not think of that . 
  looks very vell kept !, 
  is it for 2 or 4 people ? 
  it 's really nice with those original colours . 
  i 'm doing the same search now !, 
  do you know if vs community 2017 is purposely limited - or if there is a bug that can be fixed ? 
  i recently downloaded visual studio community 2017 and the xamaring toolset to be able to make android apps . 
  and it works great !, 
  except for the fact that it 's impossible to do the `` edit-and-continue development cycle '' . 
  if i make edits i have to break , compile , run etc. 
  just venting my frustrations really . 
  have used vs enterprise editions earlier when i worked at megacorp . 
  it 's taking me by surprise that the most useful feature of vs is missing from the community edition . 
  as a hobbyist developer i hoped vs ce would be useful . 
  i have done extensively googling and option-menu-validation . 
  compiling for `` any cpu '' etc. 
  but no go . 
  gone ... 
  i can understand that for xamarin.android . 
  and the live player looks interesting !, 
  but e&c does not work for any of my projects . 
  still not sure if that is intentional or not for the community edition ? 
  original post by / u/pointblankjustice, 
  i did not do it !, 
   original post by / u/pointblankjustice, 
  but yes - it 's very well done - professional standard imo . 
  you should all sing your praise here :, 
  the headline state they do just that - dislike the us not neccesary the people : under trump , a majority of canadians dislike the u.s. for the first time in 35 years , likely much longer, 
  what i took from this is if/when the next crash the gumms may not be a safer haven than the faaangs . 
  that 's what i am doing . 
  just find these mechanisms fascinating . 
  i do n't know how you did your impressive weight loss !, 
  but ( having lost less and with more to go ) i am in your shoes . 
  and what helped me was realising it 's the sugar that give me the cravings . 
  after i started / r/keto i do not have these any more . 
  works for me . 
  i am a norwegian from far away lands but i still occasionally get shocked when i realize it 's true - the americans choose trump for their president . 
  it really did happen .
