  salt , pepper and other spices i have - perhaps a good spice mix . 
  then on my plate i mix them with sour cream . 
  at least one large spoon with all the sour cream i can get with it . 
  or maybe even two . 
  and lot 's of spices - according to your taste - so experiment !, 
  make notes . 
  find your own mix !, 
  + / u/sodogetip 42 doge verify, 
  if you are still in norway look here :, 
  under `` bobilplasser '' you will find motorhome stops - some with water stations . 
  and under `` t\u00f8mmestasjoner '' you will find motorhome service points where you can get water and empty tanks of used water . 
  it 's in norwegian but google can help you with that ... 
  this is my problem with this . 
  going home late at night i do not need a car to scream, 
  uber, 
  please change that to, 
  uber, 
  a slight overload . 
  of boulders and confidence . 
  alternativt kan man dra fx til california og slippe \u00e5 gi bort hjertebarnet . 
  i would hire the top condo !, 
  my cat does weasels too . 
  you never know wat you are going to get . 
  i wonder how many km it can drive of a litre of diesel ? 
  beeing able to take the house bit off to use it as a regular truck must be a bonus !, 
  uber and out !, 
  so do i. 
  tried an failed with many apps . 
  but ynab stuck . 
  here in norway we haw a law or directive that all counties shall have dump stations for rvs . 
  this to avoid situations like this and it 's good for the environment too . 
  perhaps a thing to suggest to the government from vandwellers/rv organisations you may have in the us ? 
  i 'm middle aged and lost my home when i got disabled . 
  years later i finally got my insurance payout and bought a used rv . 
  i 've repaired some stuff , added solar panels and a tv that play dvds , bought a new mattress for the bed . 
  moved in with my most important stuff incl a laptop , guitar , synth ( no piano ! ) . 
  and just drive around with no plan what so ever but thinking about what to do next - if anything . 
  well yes - that is how you do get things changed . 
  the person you voted for in the last election . 
  or as an interest group ie . 
  for vandwellers you might get a meeting with approriate groups in the central government . 
   i 'd like one vandweller membership please . 
  granted # 84938, 
  may i suggest a new mattress ? 
  when i got mine years ago it did hurt a bit the first time . 
  but something happens and it stops hurting . 
  even after 6 months in hibernation i 'm good when i do my spring clean . 
  for me it 's much less . 
  perhaps the first time or two were as bad - ca n't really remember since too many years ago . 
  looks like great fun !, 
  my great aunt and uncle traveled in their opel station wagon in the 1960s . 
  they slept two grown ups and two kids . 
  one kid slept on the coach in front , the other in the back with the grownups . 
  this is the approximate car they used :, 
  must have been tight but the family talks about their trips with big smiles on their faces . 
  i have no answers - just a hug !, 
  mitt problem med ap er at de har en usympatisk riking som partileder . 
  it 's king & president 101 . 
  if things go bad on the homefront then go to war . 
  everybody gets distracted and cheer for the troops and by extension the president . 
  haha very true !, 
   and you should also know bikes have a harder time stopping and swerving than a car . 
  nope !, 
  most people do n't ride and have no idea . 
  if i hear anything it 's about how quick and agile bikes are compared to cars . 
  and that talk is mostly from bikers . 
  so i really can not blame the van driver here . 
  please drive defensively !, 
  you can not turn the import off ? 
  i 'm on ynab4 so i ca n't check for myself . 
  i hope it 's optional since i learn so much from punching those transactions manually . 
  he might have lucked out with a flexible plastic fender bending back and popping into place . 
  i love ynab !, 
  but i 'm still on ynab4 since i need the offline mode . 
  i live on the road and it so happens that places i find peace and quiet often do n't even have any cell towers . 
  weird coincidence i 'm sure ... 
  ... but any thoughts about an offline mode for ynab5 ? 
  i use both the old mobile app and ynab 4 offline . 
  not tried with ynab5 on the phone since tried the desktop which was not offline . 
  sounds like i should take a look . 
  the classic phone app has pin locking . 
  too bad this new one does not ? 
  so my choices are, 
  1 ) log out after each use . 
  having to enter my email and my password to look/add . 
  pita . 
  2 ) leave it logged in for anyone bprrowing/stealing my phone to see . 
  nope . 
  a handsome norwegian if i ever saw one . 
  spotted in hammerfest , norway this summer . 
  good idea !, 
  they were off so no more pics or info . 
  spotted in hammerfest , norway this summer . 
  cool idea !, 
  they were on the move so no more pics or info . 
  not very stealth if pople think it 's a fire nearby . 
  but lots of storage space . 
  i have a few months old 650 g3 . 
  the buttons on the mouse pad seems very flimsy to me . 
  not always registering a click .
