  1 pastor = 1 pastor, 
  much style - very speed !, 
  i applaud the dietdoctor for giving temps in celcius . 
  but he do not write how big his cup is . 
  any idea ? 
  coffee cup ? 
  tea cup ? 
  more like a mug ? 
  thanks !, 
  and it 's 2,3 dl . 
  on a bed of bacon . 
  my car heater stopped working . 
  earlier this year when it was really cold . 
  so i started pressing all the buttons/levers - not very scientific - and found that if the passenger airbag were disabled the heater would work . 
  very strange . 
  but i were glad i got the heat back . 
  called a garage . 
  described the problem . 
  the man i spoke to told me what i described was impossible and that i had to be imagining things and that it was no point in me coming in for they to look at it . 
  i just hung up . 
  i knew my heater would only work if i disabled the air bag . 
  a few weeks later i drove by another garage and spoke to another man . 
  he told me it 's impossible . 
  and he did not have time to come out to my car for me to demonstrate . 
  it would be very easy to demonstrate as i only had to press that one button . 
  i just gave up and drove off . 
  after all my heater did work as long as i did n't have any passengers and could disable the air bag . 
  but yesterday i phoned a third garage and found a man taking me seriously . 
  `` that 's a weird one '' he said - `` but i think i might know what is going on '' . 
  and now i have an appointment next week . 
  i know where i 'll be taking my car in the future !, 
  and i just saw my headline typo . 
  repaired vs will repair . 
  i 'll follow that mechanic if he moves !, 
  thanks !, 
  did n't feel like it - but it started . 
  smart way to get remembered !, 
  if we 're talking older used models the hymer brand has a good reputation . 
  or older premium models like concorde , niesmann . 
  for the living quarters check for leaks/moisture . 
  and if that is ok check the van itself - service history etc just like buying any car . 
  am i glad i did ? 
  thank you - i prefer sd since i 'm on dial-up . 
  too late home from work today though . 
  hoping for a mirror . 
  todays dinner . 
  nailed it !, 
  but made a mess ... 
  probably browsing reddit on his phone ? 
  much mess . 
  such help . 
  much please do , op shibe !, 
  thanks, 
  good for you !, 
  but are n't the biggest ones tech anyway so they would have the potential to affect a large proportion of the market ? 
  since you ask - a healthy investment portfolio . 
  yes i know the vix is up a little - but still very low . 
  i kind of expected it to jump 50 % up or something . 
  which would still be quite low in absolute terms ? 
  looks great !, 
  these fiat vans are very popular in europe and many professional fitters use them . 
  perhaps you can get inspired here :, 
  or google for p\u00f6ssl and others . 
  interesting - thanks !, 
  i do n't think it rely on tax cuts and infrastructure . 
  but securities has been rallying and people say it 's buying for the trump effect . 
  then when these promises turns out to be hard to keep we do n't get a pull back ? 
  this baffles me . 
  but then i 'm just a computer geek buying a little index funds with each paycheck . 
  and i have looked at single stocks - but think it 's scary since i do not understand the big picture here . 
  so index funds it is ... 
  excellent point !, 
  so did he do these calculations himself ? 
  i guess many of those fucktards are robot traders then ? 
  include lorries here too please . 
  on our narrow roads with lots of bends and ups and downs it 's often impossible to get past a lorry even when it slows to 50 km/h . 
  sure we all need lorries - but they should pull over occasionally . 
  i have had the pleasure of snailing behind for hours thanks to the fabulous road standard of norway . 
  not nice . 
  i never said we should not be considerate btw ... 
  yes i agree that it is . 
  and that everyone should be considerate . 
  i hope that if you ever drive behind me that i 'll let you pass as soon as i realize i 'm probably driving slower than you . 
  the only person really getting that part is a friend with a chronical illness . 
  he is suffering from mental fog too . 
  the best i 've come up with is `` remember when you have heavy fever from the flu and how your brain works then '' . 
  ivecos just go and go . 
  but lots of heat will dissaper fast trough all those windows . 
  ... and i do wonder what the postage would be !, 
   will post to norway . 
  read item description or contact seller for postage options . 
  | see details, 
   item location :, 
   belfast , antrim , united kingdom, 
   posts to :, 
   worldwide, 
  + / u/sodogetip 25 doge verify, 
  + / u/sodogetip 5 doge verify, 
  thank you !, 
  i have been subscribed for a while but got the tip bot set up first today .
