  but no women ? 
  ( reuters seem to be slashdotted ( or similar ) ), 
  so reuters let me read the article . 
  it still leave me puzzled ... 
  do only the men share tut 's dna ? 
  is that even possible ? 
  thanks, 
  er du for real ? 
  thanks, 
  problem is the insurance companies . 
  if something happens they will chew the policeman up for allowing this . 
   if america has an edge over us europeans when it comes to cars , i 'd say gmc yukons/tahoes and the 3 trucks ( f150/ram/sierra ) . 
  as a norwegian i will add the tesla to that list . 
  and with a former career as a truck driver i will add long cab trailer trucks to that list . 
  having a motorhome to spend your downtime in . 
  yes - not only childhood - grown up pics from before too . 
  i 'm so glad to hear that !, 
  i 'm 7 years in . 
  can confirm . 
  tings will get better . 
  but not overnight . 
  please get help - it took years for me to get diagnosed and help . 
  so which one ? 
  i guess i should have mentioned that norway has weird car taxes making many switch to teslas and other electrics since they are comparatively cheap compared to run of the mill petrol and diesel cars . 
  i belive you can put ice cubes in ice tea ? 
  perhaps you should have a peek over at / r/ynab sister !, 
  perhaps you should have a peek over at / r/ynab sister !, 
  i can only buy chorizo sausages presliced . 
  how much is a link ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm not sure they will send to norway or arrive edible . 
  thank you !, 
  that is all right . 
  thank you !, 
  i googled up a norwegian source for the raw kind . 
  very happy !, 
  sounds great !, 
  s\u00e5 rosa ? 
  1 +1 = 2 ftw, 
  what happened to arthur anderson ? 
  did they rename themselves and carry on or go bankrupt ? 
  thanks !, 
  nice opportunity to increase holdings . 
  it 's a sign of early diabetes . 
  which in turn is triggered by the powerful combo of genetics and carbohydrates ( aka sugar ) . 
  it 's a common look in my genetic family - which is why i do n't eat carbs . 
  you could google fathead pizzas . 
  indeed . 
  lots of tasty food . 
  every time i taste ordinary food it 's like eating cardboard . 
  warm meals usually . 
  often bacon . 
  steak . 
  salmon . 
  chicken . 
  all with thick sauces/gravy . 
  low carb pancakes and waffles in place of bread . 
  so tasty . 
  and the pounds keep dropping off . 
  and no diabetes . 
  a win-win-win situation . 
  and what is beer made from ? 
  i have noticed since i do n't autostart that many videos start with a still image which very often is from the high point of the video . 
  if the video then is a funny one this still image spoils the fun since there is no surprise later on . 
  i often ca n't be bothered to click play on such vids . 
  why are they doing that ? 
  when i browse my `` home '' and click on image links to i.reddit.com and possibly others i 'm taken to the posts comments section under / r/europe and not to the i.reddit.com server . 
  so i must click once more to view the image . 
  this does not happen on all subreddits . 
  and i 'm a newbie so perhaps i 'm beeing stupid . 
  but why does this happen ? 
  is there a config setting i should change ? 
  the mains charger says output 19.5 v , 2.31 a and 45w . 
  my google-fu did not find any by hp . 
  but it should be possible with the wattage specified i belive . 
  i have encountered this in some games - beeing able to use the asdx keys or similar as arrow keys . 
  i would love to do the same when surfing the web . 
  anyone konw of a way to accomplish this ? 
  a keyboard driver module or a hack or whatever ? 
  i 'm on windows 10 on a hp if that matters . 
  people sell nasdaq because they fear they are priced too high right ? 
  and take some profit . 
  why does n't the vix index then spike ? 
   the bad news is that the self-inflicted wounds of the most undisciplined presidency in history are increasingly likely to blow its chances of passing any of the aforementioned economic stimulus measures . 
  the trifecta of tax reform , repatriation and infrastructure investment could put the u.s. on very strong footing for the next several decades . 
  such was the legacy of ronald reagan , who oversaw a similar `` once in a generation '' economic boost that resonated for the next 30 years . 
   trump is no reagan . 
  the very interesting bit here for a noob like me is that `` everything '' is going up despite the many promises turning out to be empty ones . 
  my initial thought is that `` why is n't the vix skyrocketing ? '', 
  and then `` why not ? 
  - would love for someone to give me some insight here ... 
  i just registered with the new tip bot . 
  and wonder if i can tip it directly ? 
  i think it 's a great effort and that the developer ( s ) should be rewarded or atleast i 'd like to sponsor the cost of running this a little . 
  i find it interesting to check http://bloomberg.com/ for news about the stock market . 
  but since i live in europe i 'm given the europeean edition . 
  i do not want that !, 
  i want to know what 's up in the us where i am investing . 
  but i can not find any us edition to look at . 
  but they have other editions :,
