  she could have sent prince william as third in line - but no . 
  we 'll send poor sophie - that will show the norwegians how much we care about our cousins in norway . 
  this idea of beeing superiour to anyone else we do n't find among the norwegian royals - and i would guess in other europeean countries except for britain . 
  which is why i belive the brits do n't like their royals as much . 
   nimp, 
  trixon nimp, 
   nimp, 
  trixon nimp, 
  he must be related to trixon nimp . 
  why did they edit out the part where he filled in the insurance papers ? 
  will not make a claim . 
  i think dogetipbot played an important part in keeping doge great . 
  do n't mind chipping in at all . 
  i agree !, 
  and used ummjacksons dtb page to notify that he can keep my dogetipbot account . 
  i know about this one - never used :, 
  i 'm sorry for you !, 
  mine looks the same on the back . 
  removed the glass around the camera so it 's usable . 
  took me two months or so before the back got smashed . 
  you are not alone in thinking about this . 
   i 've tried reinventing myself only to find i do n't know what i want to do . 
  this rings very true for me . 
  still the only way is forwards and a dozen other cliches . 
  i do n't have any long term plans . 
  just try my best to manage the mundane details of life until some motivation might come . 
  not walmart - but a parking lot close to a popular hiking area . 
  a motorhome came and parked 100 yards away when i were having my morning coffee . 
  inside since it was cold outside . 
  this bloke came out and put out the steps and a doormat . 
  ordinary stuff . 
  a little while later he got a visitor . 
  who left after 15-20 minutes . 
  and then a new visitor . 
  and a new one . 
  he got quite busy !, 
  i 'm slow in the morning before i 've had my 2-3 first cups so it took me a while to figure out what was going on . 
  but when i did i left . 
  prostitution . 
  and so has my guitar . 
  i 've even saved up to get another i really wanted to get but these days i just do n't care . 
  and i know i should not spend those savings when my heart is not in it . 
  so i do n't . 
  so am i. 
  they do a little bit of what christian organisations do in other countries where practicing their faith might get them killed . 
  but they still do practice . 
  having common goals these two initially very different groups could have cooperated to further their common cause . 
  thank you for the reminder !, 
  ( runs to bathroom ), 
  not so bad - i imagined longer days . 
  found it in norway . 
  i have similar issues with my alarm clock . 
  not nightmares but unable to turn off my head and go to sleep . 
  if the alarm is set . 
  i 'm not very stressed by it i think but just enough to keep me from sleeping . 
  what helps for me is to have a dozen or so episodes of a downloaded talkshow - not too exiting but not awfully boring either . 
  i listen to these on my tablet while in bed . 
  i often fall asleep after 1-2 episodes . 
  not on loop - i start the next episode manually if i have n't fallen asleep . 
  on rare coccasions it does not help . 
  but it usually does so totally worth it for me . 
  i just searched for talkshow on youtube and downloaded some . 
  ted might be another good idea . 
  just make sure you listen to the same ones over and over again so that they do n't exite but still are somewhat interesting . 
  the only conclusion i make when posts here point out that the driver is female is that op is a male douche . 
  you 're some friend, 
  it will die so no more consciousness . 
  where would you park it ? 
  does the military have a place you could use ? 
  if not you may have to move around a bit . 
  in many countries there are regulations stopping you from living fulltime at one single campsite for years . 
  so you would have atleast two campsites you move between . 
  ( or a run down one where the owner do n't care about regulations ) . 
  you do n't say which country you are in but you probably need a motorome with full winter isolation so that the fresh - and blackwater does not freeze . 
  ie a double floor and alde heating . 
  take a look online to get some idea of what vans are available - ie [ mobile.de ] ( http://suchen.mobile.de/fahrzeuge/search.html?categories=alcoves&amp;categories=integrated&amp;categories=partlyintegrated&amp;damageunrepaired=no_damage_unrepaired&amp;features=auxiliary_heating&amp;features=wc&amp;issearchrequest=true&amp;maxpowerasarray=ps&amp;minpowerasarray=ps&amp;scopeid=mh&amp;usage=used ) and then find a local dealer and go looking . 
  he probably could not move the car and was late for a meeting so he just though he 'd get it sorted later . 
  he flipped just enough to land on his back . 
  success !, 
  before i got my handicap i had a reserved ordinary parking spot . 
  and ended up calling the tow company a couple of times . 
  occasionally i could find another free place to park but not always . 
  as long as my place was clearly marked as such the tow company handled everything for free ( free for me - not for the offender ) . 
  developer but not looked at doge/altcoin apis . 
  how about making it as easy as possible to use dogecoin from your app ? 
  in games or social apps or anything be able to send/recive dogecoin an use it as an in-app valuta ? 
  if a dogewallet.lib would be a full wallet or just a front for a wallet on a server i do n't know . 
  but it would be fun to ie send doge to an app . 
  and then play a racing game and the winner gets some doge sent to her wallet . 
  or someone could use dogewallet.lib coupled with a real bank connection to allow people to send $ $ lightening fast by using dogecoin as the transfer method ? 
  how close are we to such a library beeing available ? 
  much shibes = much shibes, 
  thanks for asking giving me these answers . 
  i 've done it with two different bags of almond four . 
  the first was a great success - the second fell apart and had raw lumps in it . 
  the flour used in the second batch was much finer and was fat reduced . 
  the first batch har larger `` grains '' and were not fat reduced . 
  paying for the car to be repaired will be painful too . 
  and shibes + +, 
  much fun !,
