because fuck your coastline , that 's why . 
  if anything , america 's the china of rich countries . 
  they why punish russia with sanctions . 
  you might as well trade fully and just hand over ukraine now . 
  let 's stop pretending that anyone cares about their sovereignty , it 's tiring . 
  why is blonde used in her description ? 
  is that some european way to say white ? 
  i do n't know why you 're being down voted . 
  i know both white and black trash and they would n't make it a day day laboring . 
  but not good enough to keep it . 
  well your european mates do n't feel the same way . 
  europe is for everyone now , so your little homogeneous party is over . 
  a little moor blood might do your gene pool some good . 
  the french wrote that shit . 
  it was obviously a trick . 
  i do n't understand why you 're getting upset . 
  i made no statement about your population . 
  but since you bring it up , i 'm sure a million more wo n't hurt . 
  pretty sure you are a super rich utopia with one of the highest , if not the highest standards of living in the world . 
  the wealth must be redistributed . 
  not sure how i should feel about this . 
  if they are of italian heritage they 're commonly refereed to as guidos or dagos ( my personal favorite ) . 
  if they dress and try to act back they 're called wiggers . 
  if the first two terms do n't apply they 're just white trash . 
  okay , that 's fine ... again !, 
  that has nothing to do with what 's going on today . 
  not sure what that has to do with ukraine being left to fend for itself today , but sure . 
  never forget . 
  we give weapons to the rebels , we get accused of supporting isil . 
  rebels show up in europe , all of a sudden he 's a freedom fighter . 
  with all the support for assad coming from this sub , i 'd have expected his immediate deportation . 
  haha , sure . 
  the ends obviously justify the means by those in power . 
  i do n't beleive it 's purely humanitarian as the germans have billed it . 
  if it were , i think the germans would be using their influence to end the war . 
  it 's clever . 
  import millions of pro germany , pro eu future citizens and fund the welfare state for the foreseeable future all while become the world 's moral compass . 
  pragmatism at it 's finest . 
  that 's always mass executions . 
  it 's messy but it 'll get the job done . 
  you are so right and it 's a shame to see this happening to europe . 
  how many is fights do you think are on european soil right now ? 
  what even crazier is that with immigration unchecked , your intelligence agencies have to be in the dark too . 
  good luck . 
  touche . 
  i was being facetious ... 
  you exchange liberal points for pussy , do n't lie . 
  so , do nothing , got you . 
  you see , she was n't an immigrant . 
  she was visiting and had to go back . 
  had she done thing correctly in the first place , there would n't have been an issue . 
  if she 's as highly educated as you say , she knew full well that she ran this risk . 
  hahahahaha we 'll get right on that . 
  if the germans spearheaded and financed it , i 'd support it . 
  they told us to leave . 
  it was always part of the right 's plan to occupy iraq indefinitely . 
  good for germany !, 
  if this is the cost of humanitarianism , then it 's well worth the price . 
  correct . 
  anytime you hear a tragic war story about women being raped , just know that all the men were murdered first . 
  edit : because i should proofread . 
  you 're talking about civilians that have no power . 
  it 's a glorified neighborhood watch . 
  this is another example of all bark and no bite . 
  all you can do is call out the bull shit when you see it . 
  i do it . 
  sure i 'm called bad things sometimes , but i do n't care . 
  i think a shift in political leadership is much more likely . 
  this is how you empower the right wing . 
  razor wire keeps it that way jk jk . 
  is this to say you do n't have racism ? 
  texas just likes to talk shit . 
  they 're like the guy that always talks about fights he 's been in , but no one has ever seen one , and he talks with his hand on his hip . 
  now you know why we never * really * closes our borders . 
  not the way i see it . 
  it 's an interesting phenomenon that 's going on in most western countries . 
  you can observe it in the language of the day . 
  it really is worldwide white guilt for what i can only imagine is for former imperialism or maybe some exploitation at one time or another . 
  this guilt is expressed by giving minorities ( any minorities ) a pass . 
  insane , uncivilized behavior is chalked up to oppression and the lack of cultural tolerance . 
  i say this as a minority myself . 
  the shit that the left says is a joke to me . 
  oh i 'm an oppressed black man ? 
  you want to give me stuff ? 
  fuck it , i 'll take it , fool . 
  white guilt , magnified . 
  can i come ? 
  it was n't a revelation , so you 've not contributed anything besides the statement that you know smart americans . 
  no i ca n't name them . 
  are you implying there are n't three sides of the syrian conflict ? 
  oh shit boys . 
  we 've been backing the wrong team this whole time . 
  time to support the dictator so he can cement his rule . 
  glad you sorted this out . 
  the anti-assad groups ? 
  one wave ? 
  do n't delude yourself . 
  europe will continue with how it already treats minorities by corralling them in ghettos , exacerbating already poor racial relations . 
  i fully acknowledged my own ignorance and at not point implied my views were anyone 's but my own . 
  what 's your contribution to this conversation again ?
