  are n't you guys supposed to be saving money , not increasing the size of government ? 
  do n't worry guys . 
  personally , i 'm more or less poor compared to just about everyone i know . 
  i lost a lot in the crash , so what ? 
  what do you propose ? 
  do you not own any stocks ? 
  why on earth would you not invest ? 
  most people i know at least have a 401k plan , or ira . 
  every publicly traded company i 've worked for offers shares at a 15 % discount . 
  participation in the market is voluntary . 
  yes , god yes . 
  i love your enthusiasm . 
  remove the us from nato please . 
  then maybe we can make agreements with countries who share our concerns . 
  let 's take a poll . 
  who wants to join nato 2 or deutschland 's rag tag military ( p.s. 
  eastern europe is n't included ) pact ? 
  your push back will ultimately be triggered by a decrease in german competitiveness . 
  to think , one could be forced by your government to leave leadership positions vacant because you do n't fulfill some insane quota . 
  good luck germany . 
  this person does not reflect the beliefs of all americans . 
  speaking as an actual minority in america , i despise quotas . 
  i 've watched people get so many undeserved promotions in my life . 
  i work next to a man is has proven to incapable of doing his job , but the office has more diversity , so his boss just covers for him . 
  i know for a fact that they wanted a woman . 
  passed up many white males and settled on a black guy . 
  i 'm just glad i do n't report to him . 
  i 'd have quit long ago . 
  several have already done so . 
  they 're operating in syria ... 
  there goes your 2 day shipping . 
  i hope it 's worth it europe . 
  i probably would n't call you gay , but i 'd assume so . 
  leave it to the europeans to have the nicest space on an american website . 
  well played good sirs . 
  jesus , you voted sanders , did n't you ? 
  the eu ca n't even operate in africa . 
  good luck getting to north america . 
  what ever you did manage to get over here , the mexicans would be able to clean up by themselves . 
  burners are superior , any drug dealer will tell you that . 
  deregulation to lower food cost . 
  crazy is n't it . 
  they would likely just murder as many people as possible and leave . 
  that way they could do it again . 
  i 'm from chicago . 
  we 've had about 90 gun murders so far this year . 
  great city though . 
  are we selling you guns now ? 
  there are razor wire walls going up all around europe . 
  what 's the problem . 
  what kind of engineer are you ? 
  i 'd support this if europe paid for it . 
  only male teachers . 
  women can fuck a kid and end up teaching somewhere else . 
  i thought germany was rich mainly due to its protectionism and fight club like secret nationalism . 
  oh and it 's ridiculous trade imbalance . 
  a single ikea store employees more people than the small store that 's a given . 
  but there 's also distribution as well as delivery that need additional labor . 
  if they 're expanding to new territory , additional support staff may also be needed . 
  a single warehouse can employ hundreds of people . 
  while that may not seem like much , it ultimately can elevate an entire community worth of people . 
  not only that , but an ikea can bring potential customers to areas they may normally never visit . 
  then other businesses get a benefit too . 
  what does n't make sense to you ? 
  that a business can provide value to a society other than tax revenue ? 
  so should anyone , but a single ikea does n't displace 100 stores . 
  the amount of ikeas it would take to displace 100 stores far outweighs the smaller stores in just about every measurable metric . 
  with the exception of quality , but that is subjective . 
  craftsmanship on the other hand is something you wo n't get with ikea , but in a healthy market , both would exist as they target different demographics . 
  100 inefficient small stores does not a healthy market make . 
  that happens pretty often in the `` we 've got to take in all the world 's refugees european culture '' . 
  the largest , most over looked reason that governments pander to large companies are gains other than taxes . 
  how many people does that small furniture store employ ? 
  now compare that to the infrastructure ikea brings . 
  now even paying as little as ikea does , it pays more in taxes than a local store . 
  trading those business does n't cost the government anything ( beside hypothetical tax revenue that ca n't even exist under current laws ) . 
  communities get cheaper goods and unemployment is lowered . 
  most employers pay the vast majority of insurance . 
  it 's the norm in america . 
  most companies match your retirement savings up to a certain percentage . 
  some still have pensions as well . 
  saving for retirement wo n't be difficult for this guy , unless he 's a poor planer . 
  his income alone is the american average for a household . 
  he must live in california or new york . 
  i know tons of blue collar workers who make less than 50k and own their own homes . 
  most of the u.s. is this way actually . 
  i get got one and two day shipping . 
  it all depends if your local amazon warehouse has your item in stock . 
  that 's not posh , it 's vapid . 
  sounds like simmish to me . 
  god , i need to get out of this country and experience some other cultures . 
  you 're sick of you think we 'd use nukes to save germany . 
  berlin would fall . 
  if by fighting back , you mean burning down the capital , then you 'd be correct . 
  have you tried banning guns ? 
  see , i do n't believe poverty and ignorance are causes of terrorism . 
  that , in my honest opinion , just shows the arrogance of westerners . 
  it really implies that we can someone fix them by being altruistic enough . 
  the world is literally filled with the poor and uneducated . 
  but everyone agrees that the ultra violent ones are the extreme minority .
