  the cause is a deep seeded cultural flaw , to put it bluntly . 
  it starts with tribalism . 
  it 's then shaped and exploited by ideology . 
  get enough fucked up people together and the wound festers . 
  bush said it himself . 
  we were to take the fight to the middle east . 
  statements about winning were just rhetoric . 
  we in the west need to understand that we ca n't win a fight against radical islam . 
  that is a battle that must be fought by islam 's practitioners . 
  what we can do is cause mass casualties ( as we 've been doing for a decade ) to the enemy side . 
  it really is simply a war of attrition . 
  do your citizens die in combat or die at home ? 
  but people will die until islam can reign in it 's radical elements . 
  was it meant to ? 
  you need funding and lots of it to protect the second largest country in the world . 
  more than you 'll likely spend for the foreseeable future . 
  it 's not about that and all your allies understand . 
  it 's simply about canada reducing its ability to help when it 's actually needed . 
  oh america needs to be less able to provide military support around the world to it 's allies so we can protect the 4th largest airspace in the world hurp de derp . 
  do n't you need boats to dick around in the arctic ? 
  and did n't he drop the f35 for a plane better at dicking around in the arctic ? 
  i 'm ignoring them ... 
  canada is a pacifist nation now . 
  or so i hear . 
  just do n't stack them in naked pyramids and you should be fine . 
  hezbollah also fires rockets indiscriminately into israel ... 
  what ? 
  smart people kill themselves all the time . 
  and the european paralysis in regards to it 's own defence is pathetic . 
  it 's easy to judge others but times are changing . 
  how many more isil sponsored attacks will europe experience before there is an outcry for real and decisive action ? 
  nokia was already in decline . 
  microsoft just put it out of it 's misery . 
  good luck with your european style war . 
  just let us know when you want a city razed . 
  it depends on how you were brought in and at what time . 
  if a person was , lets say streaking and subsequently arrested . 
  i 'm sure they would be placed in a holding cell while still naked . 
  so , i 'm planning a trip to london next year and this does n't give me much confidence . 
  i think europe is fucked . 
  not shit is bad but the sun will come out tomorrow , fucked . 
  but this is the beginning of the end for this part of the world , fucked . 
  the third world is poised to control the world and their governments do n't share the the western world 's sense of `` fairness '' . 
  europe should be helping us stay in power , but you all ca n't even agree on immigration let alone defence and a combined economy . 
  you 're doomed and once we loose our allies , we 're doomed . 
  i like and your ideas . 
  well , people from indiana and wisconsin fuck livestock . 
  i just assume it has some affect on their driving as well . 
  it obviously was n't bad enough for me to not click the second link . 
  welcome to america ... 
  wait what ? 
  as a democrat voter , i 'm sure your intentions are pure . 
  however , it 's naive to beleive that political strategists and think tanks share your sense of altruism . 
  we 're talking about untold millions of people who would become citizens . 
  it does n't matter if it does take a decade . 
  you fundamentally change voting demographics of a large part of the country especially at the state level . 
  once the left can secure the hispanic vote with the same numbers they have in the black community , they secure power for the foreseeable future , given americas shifting racial makeup . 
  immigrants are a huge tax base . 
  they are also , as a percentage of population , more likely to become small businesses owners . 
  their work ethic is well documented to be better than the native population . 
  it 's also pretty well documented that the middle class is the biggest contributor to tax revenue . 
  once millions are fully eligible for any work they choose , they will become a huge tax base . 
  we always find reasons to enter war . 
  even if it means sending civilian ships into hostile waters with prior warnings that ships will be attacked . 
  or if there may or may not be wmds or communism or islam ... 
  they would n't be doing it of it went in germany 's best interests . 
  it 's kind of like the left in this country . 
  you know how pretty much every democrat is for blanket amnesty ? 
  it 's not for humanitarian reasons . 
  it serves their interests . 
  and eventual loyal voter base . 
  an immediate and future tax source that reproduce at an accelerated rate . 
  cheap labor without looking exploitative . 
  i like it better without the context . 
  the realities of an ever growing welfare state are becoming a reality . 
  austerity is becoming more commonplace because it 's the only way your systems can survive . 
  now rather than tell people that the utopian european vision is unsustainable , an enemy is created to distract the people . 
  it 's the american 's fault that we spend too much . 
  why do you think pragmatic germany is importing labor by the hundreds of thousands ? 
  the population rejects fiscal responsibility in the forms of social cuts , so the only recourse is to increase the tax base . 
  you ca n't milk the cow if it 's free to roam across borders . 
  listen , if you really give peanut butter a try , i 'm sure you 'll find it highly enjoyable . 
  what does china have to lose by joining the russian coalition ? 
  if things go as well as russia thinks they will , it 'll look great on country 's r\u00e9sum\u00e9s as the defeaters is isil . 
  `` the chinese will be arriving in the coming weeks , '' a syrian army official told the lebanon-based news website al-masdar al - ` arabi . 
  https://www.rt.com/news/316705-china-syria-isis-fight/ i normally do n't ever consider rt a credible source , but there is n't likely to be great western coverage of russian movements . 
  absolutely . 
  and obama is going to bring pease to the middle east ... 
  wtf happened to the football fans with their welcome refugees banners ? 
  i could explain it , but liberals make my head ache . 
  basically you look white , so you should feel bad . 
  french `` workers '' do all kinds of fucked up things . 
  every country has their cultural vices i guess . 
  i doubt it . 
  trump is n't beholden to the neo con establishment . 
  he 's also far to programmatic to completely alienate himself from the left . 
  there are reforms he could pass , but not without help from both sides as the compromises would be great from both sides . 
  but ultimately it does n't matter because he stands no chance at becoming president . 
  i 'm glad someone is buying them . 
  i hear they rock airshows .
