  that 's what i 'd recommend , but then again i 'm just an ignorant american . 
  you can take the migrants , we 'll just continue bombing them . 
  how are you supposed to vet these people ? 
  just face it . 
  you 're going to have to take the good with the bad . 
  europe will never be the same . 
  that sounds like a great excuse for eminent domain . 
  something , something , the greater good . 
  sounds like redistribution , exactly what the eu wants . 
  property , wealth , what 's the real difference ? 
  hahahahaha . 
  it 's like asking mexico to house and feed immigrant guatemalans . 
  the issue is that according to feminist theory , both academic and applied . 
  male rape , custody , and the draft are the fault of males and the society they control . 
  the only way to fix these issues are to fix the issues facing women first . 
  once women reach equality , the issues men face will fix themselves . 
  her in lies the rub . 
  what does europe want with power ? 
  chinese goals are clear . 
  american goals are pretty straight forward . 
  what do the europeans want ? 
  what are your goals . 
  how far would you go to reach them ? 
  let 's be honest . 
  europe does n't have the stomach for being a superpower anymore . 
  do you support war though ? 
  it 's easy to support nato when the threat is n't real . 
  furthermore , do you support not only the defense of europe but the pursuit of russian forces deep into russian territory ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  the democrats are sure to be in power for a long while . 
  war with russia will be highly unpopular with the left and they are much more likely to bend to protest . 
  i 'd protest ( literally in the streets with signs ) any american intervention . 
  i 'm sure i could find plenty of bleeding heart liberals to join me . 
  americans by in large also fear the rapture too . 
  the government shutdown was all about political posturing . 
  the only people who were actually affected where government employees . 
  i think they got paid late . 
  sure , the middle class has n't regained some wealth during the recovery . 
  but a lot of that wealth was n't real anyway . 
  that 's why the bubble burst . 
  we would shit on your chest in a matter of days . 
  there are already have troops in your country . 
  we 're watching you germany . 
  sounds like a plan greece . 
  now do n't go spending all those euro you collect in one place . 
  and do n't spend it on candy . 
  it 'll rot your teeth . 
  there 's a bunch of rpgs and aks in that cache . 
  why would we provide ukraine with russian weapons ? 
  i 'm conservative and will say that we do n't think europe is controlled by muslims . 
  we just think they are just too scared to do anything about the problem ones . 
  we 're a narcissistic nation . 
  we do n't like to hear that anyone does n't like us . 
  do n't take it personally though , i do n't know a single american ( including ones of german decent ) , who gives a fuck about germany . 
  like not even a little . 
  lol . 
  careful now , uncle sam is watching . 
  i thought it was normal for people to die during the holidays . 
  if you want to do so for free , then sure . 
  i call it the xandergod model . 
  once a year , you offer a one way ticket to any county a citizen wants . 
  the only cost is their citizenship and an agreement to never return . 
  they 'll just force the cars to purchase expensive licenses which the cars ca n't afford . 
  you mean like a concentration camp for muslims ? 
  we had one you could have used , something something abu ghraib . 
  i personally know people that use ak 47s for hunting predatory animals ( for population control ) . 
  they are also used to control the population of wild boar . 
  from my understanding , what 's important is the caliber round used when hunting . 
  you would n't use a .223 to hunt a bear , as it lacks the stopping power for consistent , humane kills , at range . 
  the only state that has a ban on simi automatics for hunting is pennsylvania . 
  in this crazy world of ours , there are people who actually hunt the meat they eat . 
  except when the mayor of a city has the police hand over protesting students to the cartel for execution . 
  where they then burn some of them alive . 
  there 's a queue at the atm in my local bar on a good night . 
  nothing to see here , move along . 
  would you be happier as a russian territory ? 
  damn ttip , already hurting europeans with its reduction of standards . 
  of course i do n't want to see full scale war , but i really would like to know if the east has caught up as much as they suggest . 
  they spend money to counter us . 
  we spend money to counter the counter . 
  i think it was more the inability to feed its people . 
  well we 're flying secret spying space drones . 
  does that count ? 
  snowden was n't captured in the line of duty . 
  he absconded then defected . 
  sounds a bit like austerity, 
  take those boats you did n't sell to russia and ship their asses back . 
  or just let them work on your farms , that 's what we do . 
  no government could or would admit that a spy was lost . 
  that 's right , merkel knows who butters her bread . 
  5 pounds they would join nato , then reduce military spending . 
  haha , cone visit jew town in chicago . 
  not one jew in sight . 
  yt does n't need to make money . 
  it 's user data that google wants . 
  person getting food poisoning is an asshole ? 
  canada , i 'm ashamed of you . 
  we 've been trying desperately . 
  but europe keeps crying about privacy , american corporations and gmos . 
  just give in and join us .
