  are you bragging about artillery ? 
  so how 's that porn ? 
  love you guys . 
  lol , okay . 
  house prices i assume . 
  while it 's common to hear about how millennials ca n't afford to purchase , it 's simply untrue . 
  i know plenty of people , younger then me that own homes . 
  i would to , had i not migrated back to a city . 
  70 miles from chicago , it 's common to buy houses for less than 100k . 
  even with an average household american income , that is quite affordable . 
  are they buying our bombs and watching our porn ? 
  then fuck yeah !, 
  the ford fiesta is the uks best selling car . 
  they 're as fat as we are . 
  they may as well join the party . 
  i 'm talking about military action against a us interest . 
  last i saw , trump had about 24 % of florida 's hispanic vote . 
  they have a very large conservative cuban population . 
  did you really believe russia or china would never challenge our hegemony ? 
  better it happen while we 're on top rather than on the down turn . 
  do n't you guys kidnap business leaders ? 
  maybe the uk does n't want an eu army because they know you 're not going to properly fund it . 
  additional military spending is going to lose to social programs 99 of 100 times everywhere except maybe the baltics and poland . 
  you guys have the money to defend yourselves . 
  there does n't need to be an automatic response from the us anymore . 
  let 's renegotiate this military agreement as equals and not as a superpower protecting the weak . 
  europe doest have the stomach for its cost . 
  we can have a military cooperation , but it must be renegotiated . 
  the first thing that should go is article 5 . 
  you guys have more money than us . 
  you do n't need or protection anymore . 
  the germans still feel guilty about what one man did . 
  if the eu creates a force that rivals the strength of nato . 
  the treaty must be renegotiated . 
  you 're correct , why deal with multiple guys who lack sovereignty when we can just deal with germany . 
  that 's because we 're going to back out of nato . 
  blm is inter-sectional , but at its core follows basic feminist theory . 
  there 's really only one kind . 
  do n't worry . 
  blm will just burn cars in france . 
  you wont even be able to tell them apart from your run of the mill protester . 
  you must not be a fan of feminism then . 
  nope , that does n't matter . 
  your white skin makes you guilty by association . 
  blm is a black feminist movement , originating in america . 
  europe is just as guilty as america in terms of patriarchy , white suprimacy and the marginalization of people of color . 
  so , the blm movement is just as valid over there as it is here . 
  america 's cock . 
  none of those site make real money though . 
   but at least is n't making the headlines for now . 
  ~ ~ winter ~ ~ summer is coming . 
  it has seemed a bit browner around here lately . 
  i just figured it was due to the record heat . 
  at one point , the irish were pretty heavily shit on . 
  they were denied true american white intergration , so the irish culture remained much more important to their communities . 
  this sense of community has continued even after the irish were excepted as regular white people . 
  we see a similar phenomenon with the polish community . 
  i 'm glad the refugee crisis is over . 
  how 'd it turn out ? 
  that 's going to make for an awkward prom this year . 
  if this were about taxes , you 'd close the loopholes . 
  this is about exerting control over foreign corporations . 
  it 's a weird fetishistic infatuation with creating regulation and an equally weird mental gymnastics justifying it . 
  i 'm curious . 
  how does an automatic weapon look ? 
  we left the runways intact . 
  isis can still land their planes ... 
  i think he replied to the wrong person, 
  of course you have the money , but you do n't have the will . 
  it 'll honesty take an event the magnitude of 9/11 for you guys to get your shit together . 
  germany has profited massively from european peace and prosperity . 
  they should fund its defense . 
  they can level out some of that trade imbalance by subsidizing european defense industries . 
  literally hitler ... we get it . 
  come visit jew town in chicago . 
  hint , there are no jews there . 
  often , crimes are committed leading up to the planned attack . 
  purchase or guns , forging of documents . 
  these would be enough to get them off the street at the very least . 
  not defending unchecked spying though . 
  i 'm certified to ship hazardous material internationally and i can understand why this ban would be implemented . 
  electronic devices are already highly flamable . 
  there is very good reason they 're not allowed below the aircraft . 
  if anyone is interested , lookup thermal runaway . 
  the threat is likely not explosive , but a large fire caused over the ocean . 
  in fact , such an incendiary device should n't be that difficult to make undetectable . 
  combined that with a couple extra lithium batteries and a bunch on flamable material in a carry on . 
  i could see someone being able to bring down a plane during a trans atlantic flight . 
  even if the plane did n't go down , there 's only enough oxygen for about half an hour , so an entire cabin worth of people could be suffocated if the fire were large enough . 
  and i 'm probably on some list now ... edit : adding video of a laptop in thermal runaway https://youtu.be/vcszhzp8mve, 
  i think a better question is how much explosive does it take to bring down a plane . 
  do n't forget , ipads are already explosive . 
  the plot is likely to enhance and already present danger . 
  that 's a really weird concept . 
  you deport people who are in your country illegally ? 
  it 's a union who 's sole purpose is power through collective economic protectionism . 
  free trade has never been the goal . 
  hacking and electronic countermeasures . 
  yes . 
  can confirm .
