  do n't worry about us , we 'll be fine . 
  german is going to give america what it wants in the end . 
  no western nation can withstand the temptation of mass surveillance . 
  governments love power , like fat kids love sweets . 
  welcome bothers and sisters . 
  we 've been waiting . 
  are firefights with the police not a thing in europe ? 
  it 'll end with bloodshed and nationalization of infrastructure . 
  merica did it , i must not be that hard . 
  i understand what my government has done and acknowledge it 's wrong . 
  the only reason we are the largest instigators is because we 've been spying for all our allies too !, 
  grow up , orwellian dystopia is upon us . 
  do n't think your government did n't get something in return . 
  it 's pretty obvious that most western governments have been doing widespread surveillance on it 's citizens . 
  the almost monthly european outrage is pretty comical at this point . 
  all the shit european governments talks about privacy is lip service . 
  jew town is still called that . 
  it just is n't inhabited by jews anymore . 
  i did n't read the story , but he probably shot the teacher first and two kids were just unlucky . 
  recent polish ... 
  i live in chicago . 
  polls , sry most gun owners own several guns . 
  i 'd give you actual numbers but they do n't exist . 
  that kind of the point . 
  people ( right wingers ) do n't want the government to be able to disarm them . 
  that 's hard to do when you do n't know where they all are . 
  however , at the high end , it 's estimated that 50 percent of the country owns at least one . 
  the actual number is probably closer to 25 percent . 
  we just fly nukes over the county sometimes . 
  no big deal . 
  wmds all day . 
  i 'll protest in the streets if any american president suggests coming to their aid . 
  we can send some non lethal equipment though . 
  that americans love guns . 
  - while most americans do n't have one , recent polls say that the majority support the right to own one . 
  i know plenty of liberal people who believe in gun rights . 
  the shit 's cultural . 
  that americans are stupid . 
  - i have a good friend that swore up and down that there were no people living in outer space . 
  even after i showed her pictures of the international space station . 
  we also have an adult male who ca n't read in our warehouse . 
  edit : the word poles for polls, 
  only white americans small talk . 
  europe gets the benefit of military action without the cost . 
  you sound like a little bitch , i 'm guessing you are one . 
  it was statement about the general lack of concern regarding radical islam in europe . 
  is is getting ready to slide the big cock of the caliphate right up the unlubed ass of western europe . 
  can confirm , will use the fuck out of the military . 
  do n't act like you do n't like it . 
  a nuclear iran could mean a nuclear hezbollah . 
  nothing would destabilize the middle east like a nuclear palestinian state . 
  it 's a real and very present danger . 
  it did n't take many to really fuck some shit up . 
  it also obviously is not too difficult for them to get body armor and rifles . 
  french intelligence is too notch though . 
  i 'm sure they 'll contain most threats . 
  vegans are a vocal minority . 
  people are called sjws when they push their ideologies in an aggressive manner . 
  they 're kind of like vegans . 
  you do n't have to be batshit crazy to be an obnoxious fucker . 
  how long will it take before people realize that this new government is full of shit ? 
  because treason is punishable by death ? 
  we wont kill snowden , but he 'll never see that light of day again . 
  germany works closely with russia . 
  that 's reason enough to spy on them . 
  stop giving them money . 
  greece is like your drug addicted family member at this point . 
  she wants a fix , and you just keep giving it to her . 
  it 's both . 
  kind of like a racist person who watches interracial porn . 
  south america is third world and leaning toward russian/chinese relations . 
  that 's the quickest way to be ignored by the west . 
  i 'm sure you 'll see lots about south america on rt. 
  who needs toilet paper , viva la revolucion !, 
  fuck the vatican . 
  they can send in their own troops . 
  are you talking about the failed attempts at socialism , or brazil teetering on the brink of disaster ? 
  sure you will guys . 
  we 're all holding our collective breaths . 
  ... and big tits sag . 
  move along , nothing new here . 
  ukraine is n't part of europe anymore ? 
  oh , it 's part of russia now . 
  i think i understand now . 
  ideals in which many on / europe share , are pretty foreign to me ( no pun intended ) . 
  politically , i skew center right ( crazy far right by euro standards ) , and i enjoy comparing the differences of rationals in regards to world events . 
  i 've never been to another country . 
  i 've only on occasion left the midwest . 
  reddit has been a huge eye opener for me . 
  i still think you guys are nutty socialists though !, 
  jk love ya, 
  europeans are interesting . 
  you 're an oddity for a simple midwesterner like myself . 
  a new government agency to spy on citizens . 
  by that logic , the government should just employ everyone . 
  * they * can do what ever they want . 
  even if that includes paying untrained people `` work '' undercover . 
  who is paying the wages ? 
  who do these workers report to ? 
  if you do n't see these as government jobs , this might be the problem .
