  that 's not what he said . 
  i understood what you were saying , i 'm honestly bored and just being difficult . 
  no hard feelings . 
  tl ; dr : op was in fact projecting , but `` im a lazy useless slob , and others will be too ! '', 
  is an valid argument . 
  batatapala attempts to rebut ops assertion with  maybe you should stop projecting . 
  `` im a lazy useless slob , so i assume everyone will be too ! '', 
  well , op never implied that everyone would be lazy . 
  he only said that he 'd stop working and he knows other will too . 
  there is literally nothing wrong with that statement . 
  it 's also a statement which can easily be reinforced by looking at the current state of welfare abuse . 
  at the very least , op provided anecdotal evidence of ubi being a bad idea . 
  batatapala countered an empirically true statement by mis-characterizing what was initially said . 
  finally , by your own words , if batatapala is implying what op said was false , then the contrary must be true . 
  the contrary is not true , as we 've already established that the ops statement is true . 
  okay , he is implying that the opposite is true . 
  which is no more valid . 
  op is lazy and assumes others are as well . 
  it 's no more a stretch than batatapala assuming people are n't because he is n't . 
  their work is n't important . 
  if it were n't so expensive , it would be possible to automate . 
  automation wont be happening anytime soon though . 
  the job is n't hard , but is complex enough that automation ca n't be justified by labor cost savings . 
  there are always more efficient people , they just cost more . 
  you arguing the opposite without evidence is no more valid . 
  i know for a fact that if ubi was offered , 1/2 of my employees would quit tomorrow . 
  people who say very few people would completely exit the labor market do n't know the people i know . 
  everything i 've been taught about communism was a lie . 
  mark my words and when what i 'm about to say comes true , i want you to preach to the masses that some guy on reddit told you this would happen . 
  this year , ukraine will see the return of crimea and the removal of russian forces from the country . 
  this deal will be negotiated by trump with putin . 
  under this deal , putin will `` negotiate '' with the rebels for their withdrawal from ukraine . 
  sanctions against russia will be lifted . 
  you might be asking what russia gets out of the deal . 
  well that 's the kicker . 
  the us will agree to a pare down of nato forces in eastern europe . 
  the us will also agree to end further additions of missile defenses on russia 's border . 
  that makes me sad . 
  option 3 disney agrees to sell rights for the all of the eu , but it will cost several times more . 
  while the us pays 9.99 a month , the eu will have to pay 29.99 for feature parity . 
  yeah , we fucked with the middle east the last few decades , but their instability is originally the fault of europeans . 
  russia just is n't our problem . 
  you let them bully you and it 's up to you to make them stop . 
  strongly worded letters and sanctions are not the proper responce for invading ukraine and shooting down a passenger plane . 
  the sanctions will be lifted soon and russia will have gotten away with stealing a piece of europe . 
  the world is changing and we should not be wasting resources in europe . 
  they like to brag about having the largest economy . 
  let them use it for their own defense . 
  we should keep close relations with poland and the uk . 
  for the rest , we should n't do more than supply intelligence and a little material assistance . 
  i 've got two employees who had relatives gunned down in chicago last year and one already this year . 
  chicago needs federal involvement as city police have no grasp on the situation . 
  obviously not . 
  we already have troops there . 
  never say never . 
  the eu army 's first order of business is amass troops along their neighbor 's border ? 
  hold on while i grab my gmo popcorn . 
  europe is our biggest competitor . 
  there 's no reason we should be propping them up . 
  europe has more collective wealth than we do . 
  europe beats us in just about every measurable quality of life metric . 
  i ca n't believe people are mad that the new president wants to take a step back from world instigation and invest in infrastructure . 
  as for russia . 
  that 's the european 's fucking problem , they should deal with it . 
  nato is a relic of the past . 
  europe has the means to protect itself . 
  let america rest until the next time you all start a world war . 
  we 'll come help after the hardest fighting is already done . 
  you ca n't even unite europe , but good luck anyway . 
  that 's not a tradition democrats want to start . 
  in 4 years , when the political landscape may be reversed . 
  you do n't want heavily armed republicans rioting and tearing shit up . 
  if you 're not going to help us kill people . 
  what use are you ? 
  that 's fine and you have the privilege of paying more . 
  i work with european returns and many are anything but reasonable . 
  i see this response so often and i find it dismissive . 
  a policy in which a replacement for a used item , must be new is more anti business than pro consumer . 
  i see complaints about the price desparency between us and european goods , and how it 's so unfair . 
  then cases like this pop up and everyone is all for sticking it to evil corporations . 
  sure , prices are likely to rise over time , but you all cause undue pain . 
   there was no immediate reaction from cupertino , california-based apple . 
  no reaction is needed besides quietly raising prices . 
  no harm , no foul . 
  maybe one day , you 'll be whole again . 
  it 's all about hard lines . 
  each country that you mentioned has hard lines , that if crossed , means bloodshed . 
  europe does n't have these lines . 
  you 'll continue to be fucked with by russia until you stand up for yourselves . 
  open trade and end sanctions on russia for all i care . 
  it was a shitty reaction to an act of war anyway . 
  translators to determine where they 're from if they wo n't be honest . 
  you may just have to guess . 
  they took a gamble to get to europe , they may lose out . 
  asylum needs to be evaluated . 
  i did n't say the government should be using money for weapons , first of all . 
  if you stick large numbers of migrants into government housing , you 're going to get ghettos . 
  trailer parks do exist . 
  visit one , then rethink your plan . 
  you send them back to their country of origin .
