  i 'm sure the greeks have tons of under utilized ships that can transport people . 
  capture them once they land on shore . 
  detain them . 
  determine their country of origin . 
  load them up and take them home . 
  if it becomes common knowledge that europe will deport you as soon as you land . 
  people will risk the trip a lot less frequently . 
  you let them land , arrest them all , and send them right back . 
  playing wack a mole is cheaper than housing migrants . 
  you want to tax payer fund giant steel container ghettos ? 
  solar power ... not really , but keep at it i guess . 
  one of us , one of us , one of us . 
  transportation is $ 1200 a year for unlimited train and bus usage . 
  $ 4800 is enough for entertainment and clothing . 
  it depends where you wore it . 
  i would n't be surprised if op was found in a ditch somewhere . 
  not at all . 
  that 's strange because i 'm black and have even been arrested a couple of times . 
  yet i 've never been shot . 
  i 'll make sure i contact my congressman and let him know my police department is dropping the ball . 
  germany will kick down your door over a facebook post , yet these cunts are freely setting people 's personal property on fire . 
  seems a bit backward . 
  idk . 
  i feel as if the french will protest something about it . 
  i predict some striking with a light chance of kidnapping or arson . 
  your response to my typo is quite telling . 
  you spent more time shitting on my ability ( or aparent lack thereof ) to speak english , than addressing my points . 
  your post history indicates you have some weird hard on for attacking americans . 
  i can only assume this stems from some inadequacies you have in your personal life . 
  grow up kid . 
  gmo are going to be nesesary to feed the world , you 're paranoid . 
  syria is now your problem , but like most world matters , europe has no will to act . 
  so enjoy the drain on your welfare state . 
  germany is standing on the shoulders of other eu members . 
  it would n't be so bad if some were n't submerged begging for air . 
  ie was n't a problem here and we did n't have state intervention . 
  by all means , continue attacking businesses from europe and abroad . 
  you 'll never be able to complete on the international stage . 
  it looks like you 'll get your wish . 
  just do n't be surprised when there are unintended consequences too . 
  less integration between google services . 
  or , you 'll just use inferior products . 
  fining google is n't going to fix your inadequacies . 
  there 's a large breadth of action between unregulated capitalism and overreaching state intervention . 
  this is a cultural thing . 
  europeans often blindly support these anti business policies under the guise of consumer protection . 
  when it 's absolutely not needed . 
  where are the european gmos ? 
  it 's not that they 're dangerous , it 's purely politics . 
  i 've seen others argue that europe fines european companies far more often than american ones . 
  that 's true and it 's part of the problem . 
  you all should be competing on merit , not hamstring the competition . 
  how about the eu give the 2 billion to the companies google `` harmed '' ? 
  that does n't seem good for the welfare state . 
  they 'll call it the mediterranean slave trade . 
  pick up the brown people , take them home and put them to work . 
  corporate intervention in their own product ? 
  american companies lobby the eu to move because that shit is a nonstater here . 
  i do n't count that as a european strength , but further evidence as to why europe ca n't compete . 
  consumers will choose google services , i 'm pretty sure of that . 
  how is it possible that americans were able to make the switch to other browsers without a ballot site ? 
  it 's almost as if state intervention was n't needed . 
  proof ? 
  should n't there be a history if legal action ? 
  it was widely excepted that ie was an inferior browser at the time . 
  it made since that adoption of firefox and chrome would increase . 
  microsoft refused to innovate in the browser space . 
  google on the other hand , leverages it 's mass to continually innovate and integrate services to provide an enhanced user experience . 
  breaking google services apart reduces the effectiveness of the individual parts . 
  the value is in the suite , and consumers know that . 
  imagine if europe forced microsoft to unbundle the word line of programs . 
  users would undoubtedly still purchase the full suite , but end up paying more and/or receive less . 
  but who knows , maybe fucking with google will lead to some technological european breakthrough . 
  what 's stopping you from competing with american companies are monopolies and not underlying cultural and systemic issues . 
  you 're right , google will acquiesces and offer inferior versions of android os and search to europe . 
  what is this going to get you ? 
  is some hypothetical competition is going to emerge ? 
   at the time , protonmail was reluctant to blame the search giant of deliberate sabotage , citing a lack of conclusive proof and saying that the issue could have been due to a bug . 
  now , however , as a result of the eu 's anti-trust ruling and record-breaking fine , the gloves are off . 
  so , all of a sudden , the issue is n't an accident but sabotage ? 
  keep piling it on guys . 
  this is amazing !, 
  you guys are literally going to africa and picking these people up . 
  what competition ? 
  all that european innovation ? 
  good luck with that . 
  the obvious response is for google to increase the cost for google services and advertising in europe . 
  they 'll recoup this fine and more . 
  no harm , no foul . 
  not sure which side you 're on ... 
  well , at least there were n't any leaks coming from the white house this time . 
  most of these attacks are from people who are either citizens or have been in europe for some time . 
  europe for years has allowed a cancerous ideology to grow and fester in its ghettos . 
  it turned a blind eye while the cancer 's proponents literally prophesied the death of your citizens . 
  europe is under siege from within and i do n't have much faith you all will do anything about it . 
  just last year , 49 americans were slaughtered while enjoying themselves in a night club . 
  this issue affects all of the west . 
  akbar wars : the british empire strikes back, 
  we was likely in communication with an american or the fbi themselves . 
  it 's convenience , pure and simple .
