  what on earth has that got to do with anything ? 
  you really went off on a tangent there . . 
  english is significantly more widely spoken than french . 
  also , you talk about countries where french is an official language ... guess what countries they are ? 
  france and a bunch of third world countries ( where french is the only official language ) . 
  `` we can travel all over africa with our knowledge of french ! '', 
  no thanks dude . 
  i do n't understand why they have such an aversion to learning english . 
  you can communicate with people in like half of the countries in the world with english . 
  no other language gets you even close to that . 
  i honestly wish latin were the language of the world . 
  that would be cool . 
  right , because we 're just a white supremacist country huh ? 
  with a black president ? 
  i suppose , but rain just sucks so much . 
  it 's cold and makes everything soaked . 
  the snow is just little fluffy pieces of nothing . 
  it 's probably just the fact that i live somewhere where it 's never fucking stops raining . 
  also , it affects my life a lot more than snow would because my car is a convertible , and convertibles suck major ass in the rain . 
  he became an american after germany rejected him . 
  they tried to arrest him and have him thrown in prison . 
  like i said , you do n't have to be born in the u.s. to be an american . 
  i guess we do have different standards of what constitutes a countryman . 
  you 're allowed to be american even if you were n't born here . 
  i would consider einstein an american too . 
  his country of origin rejected him , so he came to the u.s. to seek refuge , became a citizen , and lived the rest of his life here . 
  it 's better than the cold , shitty rain i always have to deal with , since it always gets to be just above freezing . 
  living in the u.s. most of your life and being an american citizen does n't make you american ? 
  i have heard of that . 
  i think it 's where they make ebola . 
  keep in mind that zimbabwe would be a utopian paradise if it were n't for evil white men and their colonization . 
  that 's why ethiopia , which was never colonized , * is * a utopian paradise . 
  ri ... right ? 
  put three backslashes on your shrugging dude next time :d, 
  yes it is lol the whole point is that it 's a hybrid jet/rocket engine , so that it works outside the atmosphere where there 's no air . 
  this is the very first sentence of the article :  hypersonic air travel and cut-price satellite launches will move a step closer when bae systems buys a stake in a uk company developing engines able to power aircraft at 2,500 mph and into space . 
  jesus christ , try to actually read shit next time . 
   it 's not as efficient as an ion engine but does n't have such feeble thrust . 
  it still has a tiny amount of thrust like other kinds of electric propulsion . 
  i 've talked to professors i have that are experts in electric propulsion about it because i thought it sounded like a really cool concept , and they say it 's not anything special and really is n't worth the money . 
   air breathing also makes horizontal takeoff much more effective than vertical . 
  not for a space vehicle . 
  you have to have oxidizer with you anyway because air breathing engines do n't exactly work very well in space , where there 's no air . 
  plus , it 's impossible to design a plane that 's efficient at hypersonic speeds , which is not utter garbage at low speeds . 
  that 's just the physics of it , and you ca n't change physics . 
  that 's a big part of why this kind of design is so inefficient and has n't been realized yet ; a lot of companies have thoroughly explored this idea in the past and they all discarded it , except for this company . 
  i was talking about a prototype of the entire engine . 
  they have only built the pre-cooler part , but not the whole engine or much less the entire vehicle . 
  it sounds cool and all , do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm an aerospace engineer and i love stuff like this . 
  but realistically , i just do n't think it 's the way to go . 
  it sounded good several decades ago when they were doing a lot of work on supersonic planes , but if we have fully reusable rockets ( which we will in probably a year or two ) then it loses most of its appeal . 
  the main selling point was a fully reusable launch vehicle , which was not remotely possible with vertical launch rockets back then . 
  but that 's no longer the case , and spacex is very close to having one already . 
  by the time they have a prototype of skylon , there will have been fully reusable rockets for years , and vertical launch is a much more efficient way to get into orbit than horizontal takeoff and launch . 
  it kind of reminds me of vasimr , which is a kind of ion drive that this guy has been designing for like 40 years . 
  it sounds like a really awesome concept , but it just has n't gone anywhere , and at the end of the day it 's not really any better than other types of electric propulsion engines that are already in use . 
  i 'm not holding my breath for that thing . 
  they 've been working on that engine for like 30 years and have n't built any kinds of prototypes or anything . 
  it would be cool if it works , but reusable rockets like the one being designed at spacex are probably the way to go in the future . 
  why am i viewing a reuters article on yapoo ? 
  they could probably get there even faster if they stopped boycotting everything from people in israel , which is pretty much the world 's leader in solar energy technology . 
  oh cool , he 'll be deported , at which point he 's free to come right back and commit more violence . 
  perfect . 
  i 'm not sure how a civilized society gets to the point where they care more about the rights of violent criminals than they do about the rights of their victims . 
  i just hope it does n't happen everywhere : /, 
   you are like a prime example of how the average american thinks . 
  and you 're a prime example of how a bigoted asshole thinks . 
   i am aware , and i am talking about how we should handle death penalty as a whole i never said anything about the death penalty . 
  i do n't support the death penalty in general . 
   we swedes have learnt to not seperate people from society `` we swedes , being far superior to everyone else , especially filthy americans , have figured everything out in regards to criminal justice , and you ingrates will simply never understand . '', 
  this is the same country that [ allows child rapists to adopt children ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20131129/convicted-swedish-paedophile-allowed-to-adopt ) . 
  nice . 
   but everyone deserves to be treated to the best and fullest capacity and to the greatest extent . 
  not everyone can be treated well . 
  you seem to be living in an imaginary fairy tale where everyone is good and benevolent , but that is simply not the world we live in . 
  i do n't understand why people like you do n't get that . 
  most people out there are not going to harm other people or ruin other people 's lives , but there are people out there who will . 
  those people have to be locked up ( only after they 've committed violent crimes , mind you ) , or else innocent people will suffer . 
  you have to choose between the lives of innocent people or the lives of murderers and rapists , because you can not have both . 
  this is just a fact of reality that you have to accept , and whining about it wo n't solve anything . 
   i also want to point out that there are ridiculously many people in your prisons that serve unrightful prison time because you send people to prison based on their ethnicity . 
  god knows how many people are serving prisontime just because they had a joint in their pocket or wrongfully got harrassed by an officer because they are black , which later got them sent to jail . 
  your system in the us is a joke ah yes , there 's the inevitable strawman . 
  i never defended the u.s. prison system . 
  i stated in my previous comment that it has problems and needs to be reformed . 
  but that reform should * not * include letting violent murderers and rapists get off easy and be able to go out and rape and murder some more , or letting child rapists adopt children ( seriously sweden ... wtf ) . 
  i do not support any of those things you said right there , but hey , when you do n't have a legitimate argument , the straw man is your only option \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
   then there must be clear and obvious evidence that the subject can not be integrated back into society . 
  like what ? 
  him murdering more innocent people ? 
  how many more innocent people have to die before you 're convinced ? 
   and it should also be clear that the subject is not suffering from a mental illness it can not do anything about this guy had already been cleared by a psychiatric evaluation . 
   the thinking you americans have about convicts are truly functional as we can see how the average prison looks like in your country . 
  our prison system has problems , certainly , but they are due to the for-profit systems we have and our treatment of non-violent offenders . 
  not because of our treatment of violent criminals . 
  i 'm glad i live somewhere where we actually have an interest in protecting innocent people form violent criminals , unlike you guys . 
  when someone ruthlessly murders a woman and her child and feels no remorse , you reserve all of your sympathy for the murderer . 
   however , it is naive to believe that locking them in till they die will solve anything no , it absolutely solves something : it keeps innocent people safe from the person 's violence in the future . 
  that 's the whole point .
