  he just slaps people over and over until they inexplicably fly backwards through a window or just explode . 
  reddit in general is full of americans . 
  you 're talking about a guy who financed the munich massacre of the israeli olympic team . 
  what could anyone possibly expect from that guy ? 
   they may as well begin writing in arabic script again http://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/09/world/europe/erdogan-pushes-ottoman-language-classes-as-part-of-tradtional-turkish-values.html  and sending their children to koran school . 
  you 're totally right . 
  everyone in the us is poor and uneducated . 
  it 's a third world country . 
  totally . 
  of course it happens everywhere , but it 's not tolerated here . 
  you get expelled from school if you 're caught cheating , whereas i 've seen students at a french university all blatantly cheating on tests and the professor not caring at all . 
  your country 's culture of cheating in school is pretty scary to me , tbh . 
  lol you sound like the kind of person who saw a video of looters in ferguson one time and thought `` that 's what the entire us is like ? 
  damn ! '', 
   english ( perfectly ) lol being fluent does not mean you speak a language `` perfectly '' . 
  there 's are tons of countries where french is spoken ... 
  that 's not the same as targeting civilians ... 
  i was just asking man , sorry, 
  you can go to college in the eu though right ? 
  then go to graduate school in the u.s. xd, 
  that 's true . 
  that sucks lol my state give you free tuition when you go to school in state , and we have one of the best engineering schools in the country , so i was pretty lucky there . 
  lol yeah that was an unfortunate shot, 
  also cheese bras while it 's snowing : http://www.packertime.com/descs/imgs/ptfs333.jpg that 's when you know you 're a real wisconsinite . 
  idk what you consider real cheese , i just know there is a lot of cheese made in that state . 
  people in wisconsin are huge green bay packers fans ( american football pro team ) and their fans wear cheese hats : http://a1.fssta.com/content/dam/fsdigital/rsn/wisconsin/2014/09/18/pi-nfl-packers-fans-tailgating-091714.vadapt.620.high.27.jpg, 
  well if you want to live here and make lots of money , come to college here and major in computer science or electrical engineering . 
  my school has tons of foreign national students . 
  do you like cheese and cows ? 
  lol why are you obsessed with the u.s. ? 
  it does n't actually have the range for that though . 
  a rocket would probably be faster xd, 
  it 's the one the looks like a wind surfer , which is easy to remember because wind surfing is huge in new york . 
  vermont is the one shaped like a ` v ' . 
  i love eating tex mex in dakota . 
  seriously though , not getting new york is pretty bad lol, 
  why you make red correct ? 
  you heathen, 
  because people are shitting all over russia while failing to realize what a piece of shit country turkey is , who 's run by an islamofascist and funds and arms isis . 
  i ca n't believe how many people are ignorant of that facts and actually seem to back turkey when they are clearly everyone 's enemies ( except sunni terrorists , of course ) . 
  except it 's not . 
  the germans accepted responsibility for the holocaust . 
  the turks do n't even admit the atrocities they committed . 
  the fact that you ca n't see the difference is very telling of your typical turkish 18th century mindset . 
  did turkey go full retard when they started supporting and funding isis , or before ? 
  i 'm just saying that if you * are * really smart , then you 're better off in the u.s. and if you 're on the lower end of that spectrum , then you would probably be better of in europe ( unless your family is well connected or something ) . 
  you hate us cuz u ai n't us . 
  how jelly are you ? 
  and mad ? 
  i 'd be jelly to if i were n't # 1 . 
  [ usa !, 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/ihnugaaea4m ), 
  if you 're poor/uneducated/dumb / whatever it 's much better in europe for you . 
  if you 're educated and intelligent , it 's better to be in the u.s. 
  as least she wo n't get brutally raped anymore , like she probably was daily . 
  i suppose it should n't be . 
  i clicked on the ` publications ' link on that site and saw a paper advocating for gender segregation in school . 
  you have islamic schools ? 
  that has nothing to do with freedom of speech . 
  also , you 're completely wrong about that anyway . 
  we do n't criminalize speech that neckbeards find offensive . 
  that basically puts us at # 1 . 
  because you 're a muslim and you want to live in a caliphate . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  correct , my bad . 
  hungary is where all the mathematicians are ; why were they not part of it before ? 
  he might not have been originally , but it seems like he 's gotten crazier and crazier as time goes by . 
  never mind turkey , a country with a religious fanatic president that wants to force women to go to religious schools . 
  i 'd rather live in detroit than molenbeek . 
  certainly sounds like a no-go place to me , at least if you 're a jew or a woman who does n't live in a bag . 
  haha yes , we know for a fact all the people there are wonderful and tolerant of others , because there are `` lovely parks . '', 
  great point . 
  lol as if street view will show some guy standing there with a sign that says `` no jews '' . 
  he 's in prison , so that war is over and won . 
  i never said we should n't intervene , i said we should n't have turned against assad and started backing islamic extremist rebels because that 's stupid as hell and makes no sense . 
  we 've been doing the same crap over and over for 50 years in the middle east and wondering why it 's a disaster and why it 's overrun by religious extremists . 
  this position makes no sense . 
  there are innocent people dying all over the world . 
  should we intervene in every conflict around the globe ? 
  why are n't we intervening in nigeria , but we want to fight syria 's civil war for them ? 
  does that mean nigerians are worth less than syrians ? 
  that ranking is based purely on the number of people they have killed . 
  that has nothing to do with being a threat to the west . 
  also , the name is not threatening the west either : http://www.megatchad.net/publications/newman-2013-etymology-of-hausa-boko.pdf from the essay :  boko originally meant `` something ( an idea or object ) that - 8 - involves a fraud or any form of deception '' and , by extension , the noun denoted `` any reading or writing which is not connected with islam . 
   ...  to appreciate the semantic extension , one needs to understand that western education introduced by the british colonial government in the early 1900s was not viewed with approbation . 
  as compared with traditional koranic learning , which was highly valued , western education was viewed as lacking in substance and a fraudulent deception being imposed upon the hausa population by a conquering european force . 
  rather than send their own children to the british government schools , as demanded by the british , hausa emirs and other elites often shifted the obligation onto their slaves and other subservients . 
  the elite had no desire to send their children to school where the values and traditions of hausa and islamic traditional culture would be undermined and their children would be turned into ' yan boko , i.e. , `` ( would-be ) westerners '' the name has to do with preserving an old cultural method of raising and educating their children . 
  it has nothing to do with attacking people in paris . 
  like i said , boko haram has never even attempted to commit violence outside of nigeria and its immediate neighbors . 
  no we have intervened in plenty of conflicts in africa , including aiding and funding the nigerian government against boko haram . 
  but widespread hate of the west does not exist in africa like it does in the middle east . 
  also , boko haram is not remotely a threat to us . 
  they are a tiny organization that has never attacked the west , or even attempted to attack the west . 
   the arab spring started in several middle-eastern nations , did the usa orchestrate all of it ? 
  we did n't start the arab spring but funded the rebels he 's fighting against . 
  we are immensely more rich and powerful that assad 's armies . 
  we could obliterate assad off the face of the planet with 1/1000 of one branch of our military .
