  no , they absolutely could . 
  there 's a big difference between not being super comfortable around someone ( which is what this poll asked ) , and being unable to co-exist with someone . 
  case in point - muslims and jews live together in israel , and they fucking hate each other . 
  naturally , they do n't show any of those numbers . 
  they do n't want to show muslim countries being intolerant . 
  yeah , it gets annoying sometimes . 
  i do n't want your damn veggie burgers or your fake ass cheese . 
  this is awesome , can we please get more of this, 
  no ... beef cows are completely different from milk cows . 
  if everyone were to become vegan and stop drinking milk , all the milk cows would die because they produce way too much milk for themselves and their offspring , due to hundreds of years of selective breeding . 
   and the human feels threatened threatened by a cockroach ? 
   besides , many of the insects carry diseases harmful to humans . 
  maybe mosquitoes do , but the others do n't . 
  cockroaches do n't bite or anything , so no one * has * to harm them . 
  but other than the most hardcore jains , nobody is arguing for protection of cockroaches . 
  i 'm not saying this is irrational , on the contrary i 'm saying it 's irrational to pretend like you 're a super-humanitarian because you do n't want to eat shrimp . 
  shrimp are just bugs in the ocean . 
  also , a vegan diet technically is supposed to be devoid of all dairy products , which is also pretty dumb . 
  milking cows does n't kill them or even harm them - in fact , because milk cows have been selectively bred for so long , it 's very harmful to them * not * to be milked because they produce so much milk . 
  so by not drinking milk , you 're actually harming the cows . 
  i ca n't really understand you , but the reason why there is so much tension between whoever is in power and the `` others '' in these countries is because of centuries-long tensions that we had nothing to do with . 
  it 's not our fault that none of them seem to be capable of having a leader who does n't turn into a tyrant and horribly oppress the `` others '' . 
  well they say they do n't want to harm animals so they do n't eat them , even tiny animals like shrimp . 
  but , they have no problem slaughtering roaches that venture into their homes , or fruit flies , or mosquitoes , or spiders , or whatever . 
  i mean , is a shrimp really any different from a cockroach ? 
  that 's a pretty stupid philosophy . 
   when i 've been to the us , i 've had a very hard time finding veg options hmm , i do n't know where you want , but everywhere i 've lived you ca n't swing a dead cat without hitting a vegan restaurant . 
  sometimes i have to go out of my way to avoid them . 
  well , you got boned . 
  i 've never had a sub-2 hour flight cost more than $ 100 round-trip . 
  except it 's not . 
  it 's largely because of sectarianism between shia and sunni , and once again , tony blair did not invent that . 
   yeah , i had to fly from dallas to houston and it was $ 120 each way did you fly first class ?? 
  i 've never paid anywhere close to that for such a short flight . 
   not that i 'd ever want to go to america anywho . 
  $ 100 to use the gate to get on the plane , also you 're required to use the gate because of safety . 
  you can always just come over on a bus from mexico , in which case you 're good to go . 
  is this one of those airlines where a flight is $ 69 , but then it 's $ 80 to bring a carry on and $ 150 to check a bag or some crap like that ? 
  i 'm not defending our foreign policy . 
  we 're absolutely terrible at nation building , and i think the entire concept is ridiculous and doomed to failure . 
  but that does n't mean the motivation behind it is always malicious , and it certainly does n't mean all of the problems in the middle east are our fault . 
  and you 'd have to be retarded to think the only reason the us intervened was to boost halliburton 's stock . 
  there are many people out there who actually believe that . 
  i 'm not defending our foreign policy ; i do not support interventionism in the middle east . 
  i 'm just tired of people blaming the us and uk for thousand year old sectarianism in the middle east , and saying that it 's 100 % our fault that there 's violence in iraq . 
  you 'd have to be a complete retard to think that . 
   his government and the usa invented a bloody regime that oppressed sunnis under kurdish and shia leaders you 're right , saddam was a great guy who totally did n't oppress anyone . 
  he was pretty awesome . 
  he was almost as awesome as his son , who would go around killing people , raping women at their weddings , torturing dissidents , w/e . 
  he was basically ted bundy , except he got away with everything . 
  just a bunch of amazing , benevolent people whom the evil blair regime came in and deposed out of pure wickedness . 
  tell that to the rest of the middle east throughout the arab spring . 
  it was only a matter of time before that regime collapsed considering what a monster the guy was . 
  yes , because tony blair invented sectarianism between shia and sunni . 
  and ? 
  that has nothing to do with anything . 
  so when the us elects a bad leader , we 're `` clownish '' . 
  but when anyone else does it , that 's just `` shit happens '' ? 
   it would just make the us look more clownish than it did when it re-elected bush . 
  because we 're the only western country that has elected bad leaders ? 
   if you hear about stuff like charlie hebdo constantly , then you can not just show aside your fears . 
  you realize the left does exactly the same thing except the other way ? 
  whenever i see refugees in the media , it 's * always * women and children . 
  never mind the fact that 80 % of the refugees are adult men . 
  the media is disingenuous - on both sides . 
   and the people behind pegida are the worst kind of extremists do they blow people up who have different opinions than them ? 
  if not then they are not the ** worst kind ** of extremists . 
  women ca n't be sexist . 
  everyone knows that . 
  it 's the 20s all over again ... 
  except their current president is an insane person . 
  because there 's no difference between a mistake and intentionally killing rebels to support a tyrant ? 
  part of that is probably the complete failure to acknowledge any issues or problems with immigrant populations , because that 's always conflated with racism . 
  even just acknowledging the conservative religious views of these immigrants ( on average , of course ) gets you branded a racist and islamophobe . 
  it bothers me greatly that the graph in the joke goes negative . 
  otherwise it would be funny . 
  interesting . 
  do people keep retaking it or do they just give up ? 
   the marriage of europe 's far-left intellectuals these people are not intellectuals , they 're just far-left . 
  the intellectuals are the ones that call them out on their ridiculous garbage and get called racists . 
  i 've heard the whole thing started with coffee shops giving free donuts to cops so they 'd hang around and keep criminals away . 
  some of the universities even require ap tests in your native language . 
  what 's the deal with that ? 
  they want to make absolutely sure you know how to speak your native language ? 
  i 'm kind of surprised that the minimal score for ap tests on there is 3 across the board , especially for math . 
  a 3 on the ap calculus exam basically means you do n't know any calculus . 
  it 's also weird that eth zurich for example just requires one language test , but it does n't say what language . 
  is this in addition to fluency in german or something ? 
   when you grade homework , it 's really more of an assessment of a student 's ability to put in the effort , since you do n't have hard time constraints . 
  well homework is usually a very low proportion of your grade , and the grading of homework is not meant to test students ' abilities in anything . 
  the point of having it graded is to incentivize students to do it . 
  if you do n't grade it , very few people will do it and they wo n't learn the material nearly as well . 
   the experience is that having two exams instead of one reduces failure rates . 
  i 'm sure this is true , but one factor there is probably that students did n't have to study for a midterm so they did n't learn the material as well . 
  we have exams to test certain material , and then a final at the end that covers everything . 
  if you just have one test at the end , you can expect many students not to do anything for most of the semester . 
  some might , but many are n't . 
  i 'm sure if you looked , you would see that students study more and earlier in a class with multiple exams compared to a class with only one test at the end . 
   a major reason is that in the typical european educational system , calculus is something that every student does in 11th grade , while in america it 's an ap course . 
  that 's very true , the first year of college here really is more like an extension of high school .
