um . . i 'm not trying to write a paper on this , i was just having a conversation . 
  but [ here 's a who report ] ( http://www.who.int/substance_abuse/publications/global_status_report_2004_overview.pdf ) showing ireland as the # 2 country in beer consumption per capita , which you could have found with a 5 second google search instead of being a prick . 
  i 've read somewhere that they were # 1 before , but that was probably several years ago . 
  some other sources have them higher than 6 though : http://www.cnbc.com/2008/09/22/top-20-beer-drinking-countries.html?slide=20, 
  the problem in the u.s. is not that we 're not nice enough to murderers . 
  our problem is things like mandatory minimums for nonviolent offenders , and all the people that are locked for years for nonviolent drug offenses . 
  this has nothing to do with putting `` as many people as possible '' in prison , it 's about putting away people who are a danger to society ( by 21st century standards ) . 
  well , we do kind of bomb them constantly with drones , and a lot of civilians die . 
  but the fact that their country is full of terrorists that are receiving the strikes is lost on them . 
   while alcohol is a big enough part of the social scene here , it is not anymore prevalent than in eastern europe it 's true that eastern europe drinks a lot more alcohol than ireland ( romania , moldova , russia , etc. ) . 
  but i think it is true that ireland drinks more * beer * than anyone else . 
  30 minutes for lunch ? 
  screw that , i 've never worked anywhere where i was n't given at least an hour . 
  sometimes it takes 30 minutes just to get your damn food . 
  so , you want people who murder their own children not to be locked up ? 
  keep in mind this is germany , and neither the death penalty nor life in prison will remotely happen to either of these two . 
  they 'll probably get a few years and then be welcomed back into their community with open arms . 
  i 'm only saying i would take life in prison without parole over the death penalty . 
  i 'm sure that neither will come close to happening since this is in germany , and you 're right that they will probably get off way too easy because of the extreme left 's tolerance of intolerance . 
  yes , but osama was an extremely dangerous individual . 
  having him in prison would enable him to continue to influence people and continue to get innocent people killed . 
  this woman is just some moron that does n't matter , and i think the death penalty would be too easy on her and her husband . 
  rotting in prison for decades is a much worse fate than a painless death by injection on a comfy table . 
  if the evil infidel pigs killed a woman for performing her god-given duty to kill her shameful whore daughter ? 
  i 'd rather both of them just rot in prison for the rest of their miserable lives than let them off easy . 
  no , do n't turn them into martyrs . 
  let them rot in prison for decades . 
   deporting them immediately is that 's basically like letting them get away with it . 
  deport them to some horrible backwards country where murdering your own children is commonplace ? 
  that wo n't accomplish anything . 
  plus they could just sneak back into germany . 
  no , locking them away forever where you can be sure they wo n't harm anyone else is the right way to go . 
   latino-american standoff what does that even mean ? 
  redditors seem to have very extreme views , though . 
  maybe that 's just because of the anonymity , idk . 
  i 'm sorry you feel that way , my friend . 
  i 'm sure the majority of europeans do n't think these things . 
  maybe redditors , but not normal people . 
  finnish girls are even better ... ? 
  ah ok . millionaire 16 year olds - very accurate representation of americans in general . 
  i really have no idea what you 're talking about, 
  entitled to what ? 
   yet have sense of entitlement like they are from united states lol , what ? 
  they 're really just after scandanavian girls , let 's be honest . 
  why is it that when anyone points out that muslim immigrants are more religious and more conservative than people in fucking * sweden * , some idiot comes by and inevitably says not all syrains are muslim not all muslims are radicals have you ever heard of statistics ? 
  trends ? 
  averages ? 
  it 's possible for a group of people to be much more religious and conservative than another group ** on average ** , without * every single person * from the first group being religious . 
  why do people like you not understand that ? 
  they want the best welfare they can get as fast as they can get it . 
  i 'd rather live in a society where a jihadist does not have the ability to slaughter people by the hundreds because the police are useless . 
  police shootings are a non-issue . 
  99.99 % of people shot by cops are criminals . 
  i have a higher probability of dying by falling out of bed , or choking to death on a ballpoint pen , than being shot by a cop . 
  all you 're doing is creating a different kind of fear . 
  the fear that having armed cops somehow turns a society into a dystopia , which is a compete fantasy . 
  have fun with all your future jihadist shootings , which will be way more devastating than any in my country . 
  we 've already seen that with paris . 
   it 'd be handing the terrorists a victory lol are you high ? 
  talk about creating a culture of fear ... 
  you guys are really , * really * bad at statistics . 
  do they not teach you anything in school over there ? 
  `` look at this random statistic i 've chosen to compare different countries . 
  clearly from this one number , we can see the effect of a single variable , despite the fact that there are a million other variables affecting this number , all of which i 've totally ignored . '', 
  i 'm glad i didnt go to school in the uk , because you guys all seem to be lacking basic logic . 
  not much more ?!, 
  breivik killed over twice as many people as the deadliest shooting in u.s. history . 
  you need to check your facts , dude . 
  breivik killed way more people than any mass shooting in us history ... 
  they have very little crime in norway in general . 
  lucky for them . 
  too bad the police being unarmed has literally 0 to do with that fact . 
  that 's why when someone * does * want to kill a bunch of people in norway , it 's very easy for him . 
  because there are a million other factors that affect crime levels in those two countries . 
  are you retarded ? 
  they could 've killed a lot more than that if the police were unarmed and useless . 
  once again -  anders breivik . 
  by the way , despite guns being totally illegal in norway , breivik had no problem getting his hands on them . 
  turns out that making stuff illegal does n't prevent people from getting it . 
  holy shit !, 
  who would 've ever thought that ? 
  and if i wanted to shoot a bunch of people , i would definitely do it in a country where the police do n't have guns so i can kill as many people as possible before a swat team arrives . 
  anders breivik understood that simple concept pretty well . 
   thankfully , officers on site where able to solve the issue before it got even further out of hand . 
  yes , i 'm sure the guy that got stabbed in the fucking throat was really thankful for that . 
  where were they for this incident ? 
  well at least all the jihadists will be happy that your police have no way of stopping them . 
  and do n't talk to me about tasers , because those pieces of shit do n't work at all . 
  just watch that video . 
  you should at least arm the fucking cops . 
  tase him , tase him !, 
  did n't work , fuck . 
  i ca n't believe it 's done this . 
  people in denmark do n't have tuition to pay off . 
  that 's all great for some people , but not for the smart , hard working , innovative kind of people . 
  that 's why so many highly educated europeans move to the u.s. to work . 
  the same book that says not to eat pigs also says to kill infidels . 
  that 's not true !, 
  some of them might come to the u.s. 
  then why are his fights scenes all so fake and corny ?
