  by funding syrian rebels , we prevented him from being able to take control of the situation . 
  if we had n't done that , there 'd be no rebels anymore and no extremists trying to blow up paris . 
   this is n't a matter of better or worse . 
  both isis as well as assad are unfit to create a stable nation , that 's all there really is to it . 
  i 'm sure you 'd love for syria to turn into switzerland tomorrow , but it 's not going to happen . 
  a secular , free and open democracy is not remotely possible in syria , now or any time in the foreseeable future . 
  you can have a dictator who 's friendly with the west , or you can have islamic extremists who hate the west and actively try to kill people in our countries . 
  take your pick . 
   well you really should give a damn about what happens to the syrian people , because civil war is what breeds terrorism like nothing else . 
  civil war in syria has nothing to do with terrorists blowing up paris . 
  there are civil wars going on all over africa and have been for a century . 
  nobody in africa is trying to destroy the west . 
  no african groups are chanting `` death to america '' or recruiting citizens of europe to murder people . 
  it 's not stable anymore because we started funding and arming rebels in his country after an uprising during the arab spring . 
  his government would have been fine if it had n't been for us . 
  now a part of the country is overrun with extremists , and assad is saying `` see ? 
  told you so . 
  the rebels i 'm fighting against are islamic extremists who want to destroy the west , not moderate , benevolent people escaping oppression . '', 
   baschar 's father bombed the city of hama indiscriminately during the hamas uprising in the early 70 's so you think it would be better for everyone if assad stepped aside and let a terrorist organization like hamas take over ? 
   are the syrian people supposed to accept massacres by their own leader ? 
  i do n't give a damn what the syrian people do , as long as it does n't involve blowing up teenagers in paris . 
  it was very much stable , are you kidding ? 
  assad never organized terror attacks in europe . 
  he never blew up russian airliners . 
  also , comparing him to isis in terms of killing syrians is ridiculous . 
  the vast majority of the carnage isis has wrought has been in iraq , not syria . 
  the assad regime of bashar and his father ruled syria for 45 years and it was stable the whole time . 
  he was friendly with west . 
  why do people not want to go back to that ? 
  i 'm really not interested in your cherry picking and confirmation bias . 
  keep on thinking that an attempted assault is the same thing as mass murder . 
  every crime is exactly the same , amirite ? 
  i drove a little over the speed limit the other day . 
  i guess that means i 'm literally isis . 
  you 're seriously drawing a parallel between someone who was arrested for verbally threatening a person , and a * coordinated mass murder * ?? 
  how stupid are you ? 
  i absolutely disagree . 
  i 've seen several times after a school shooting or w/e where parents say they 're shocked their son did it , but that he should be locked up because he 's dangerous or that they wish they had done a better job themselves . 
  the parents of jihadists always seem to defend them , but no one else does that . 
  but it was not built to be a safe haven for millions of people from poor , extremely conservative societies who are not from european cultures and do n't have 21st century european values . 
  not in the last half century . 
  the first correct thing you 've said in this thread . 
  seriously . 
  the only two options are islamic extremists and brutal dictators . 
  the dictators do n't attack the west , so that 's what we want . 
  they 're not capable of democracy , and we desperately need to admit that . 
  i 'm not talking about the food , i 'm talking about the service . 
  when it takes 45 min to get the check and get out after you 've asked for it , there 's a problem . 
  plus , spit is free and 100 % biodegradable . 
  well when you ca n't afford the lube because you do n't have a job , i guess you do n't have much of a choice \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  lol jealous of what , 20 % unemployment like you guys have ? 
  i 've never heard of anyone buying lube , ever . 
  you guys are impressively ignorant of everything that happens outside of your own countries . 
  i do n't go to work after i eat at a restaurant . 
  i go out to a bar , or go home and get a beer and watch a tv show , or a game , or whatever . 
  i move on with my life . 
  i do n't feel like spending all evening sitting at a restaurant . 
  regardless , i 'm just saying that 's the reason americans do n't like waiters in europe . 
  it has nothing to do with fake pleasantries . 
  everyone who goes to europe always talks about how annoying restaurants are over there and how terribly slow the service is . 
  i 've literally never heard of any of my friends ( who are pretty much all circumcised ) doing that , ever . 
  you need to stop thinking that movies reflect reality . 
  lol no dude . 
  just ... no . 
  the fact that this insanely retarded comment was upvoted to 170 is frightening , tbh ... 
   that 's probably one reason why a lot of tourist in france do n't like our waiters no , the reason americans do n't like waiters in france ( and most european countries ) is because of how obnoxiously slow they are . 
  who wants to spend 3 hours in a restaurant ? 
  i sure as hell do n't . 
  i do n't know how you guys have time for that . 
  just wait until they release a list of countries with the most violent buddhists !, 
  i can barely understand what you 're saying , but i think i got the gist of it . 
  ww2 had nothing to do with us until we were attacked . 
  even then , the war in europe still had nothing to do with us . 
  we could have just fought the japanese in the pacific and then been done . 
  i do n't know why you would care , considering most europeans do n't think the u.s. contributed anything to the war anyway . 
  most of you guys think the russians and british won it by themselves . 
  it was n't paid back ... 
  to a war that had nothing to do with us ? 
  the aid did n't stop when the war ended . 
  do you have any idea how much aid we gave to gb in the years following the war ? 
   we were an aspiring superpower about 200 years before your country existed . 
  lol , salty much ? 
  if only you had a time machine ... 
   what kind of aspiring superpower gets foreign aid ? 
  great britain : http://www.fdrlibrary.marist.edu/aboutfdr/lend-lease.html, 
  yeah , was n't ww2 like ... 3 generations ago ? 
  like i said , if you want to travel around africa , pick up some aids , maybe get shot by militants - then sure , french is your language ( except maybe english , which many african countries speak . ), 
  that map has canada on it , a country wherein about a quarter of people are fluent in french , and about 70 % are fluent in english . 
  canada is an english speaking country with a large french speaking population , sorry to tell you . 
  your map also has switzerland , which is mostly german speaking , and belgium , which is mostly dutch speaking . 
  oh , and it has louisiana too - 7 % of people in louisiana speak french . 
  ** seven percent ** . 
  there 's almost as many spanish speakers there as there are french speakers , and probably will be more in a couple of years . 
   if you really were one of those `` american patriots '' , you would n't be speaking a vernacular derivative of the language of the colons who refused to give you independence uhh ... i was n't there , but i 'm pretty sure we did n't fight the revolutionary war against `` colons '' . 
  lol . 
  granted , maybe the british were assholes , which is sort of similar ...  you 'd be speaking acadian french oh wow . 
  is this the french version of `` if not fur merica ud be speakin german rite noww '' interesting ... also , you should realize that the only reason the french fought in the american revolution was because they hated the british and wanted revenge for the french and indian war . 
  the french have never been our allies . 
  but i digress . 
   it was n't an english man either who landed in north america in 1492 and 1535 ... uhh ... no shit ?
