  i think my university is different than most in how rigorous the early math classes are , and we do n't even accept ap classes for calc 2 , for example , like most colleges do . 
  but many students basically skip their entire first year because of ap classes they took ( i did and so did most of my friends ) . 
  i know a lot of people that graduate in 3 years because they took ap calc , physics , bio , history , and english in high school and skipped all that junk . 
  there 's others that skip the first year , but they do co-ops and internships , or some do minors , so they do n't graduate in 3 years . 
  how hard is it to get into the university in the first place ? 
   my point here is in the us your grades are usually a combination of homework , midterms , and finals . 
  in germany ( and many other european countries ) , your entire grade generally rides on a single ( and hard ) exam . 
  more exams does n't mean that it 's easier . 
  each is worth a smaller proportion of your grade , but there are also more chances to fail . 
  you can ace your first test , and it does n't really matter because that was only 20 % of your grade . 
  you have to ace 2 more tests as well . 
  all the tests i took were always hard too . 
  they do n't make midterms easier than the final ( and our finals are 3 hour tests ) . 
   for example , professors offering more office hours in the us i do n't see how having an office hour once a week ( which is usually the case ) means they 're `` holding our hands '' . 
  it 's just an extra hour to ask questions that could have otherwise been asked in class . 
  half the time professors do n't even show up to that shit anyway lol . 
  that test is for getting your degree in engineering , and it 's no harder than any test i ever took in a fluid dynamics/thermodynamics class . 
  anyone i went to undergrad with could easily pass that with a bit of studying . 
   but in general , there 's a teaching gap that simply has to be accounted for , one way or the other . 
  i agree that high school education here has to be reformed . 
  but higher education is something different altogether , and i do n't see evidence that higher education in europe is vastly superior to that in the u.s. 
  if it was , then students in germany would be much better trained and thus would be much better engineers and scientists than americans . 
  if that were true , then it would be utterly astounding how so much breakthrough technology is developed in the u.s. by american engineers . 
   if i would give my students the tests that i had to pass to get through in europe , the average score would probably be ~ 10 % if that 's true , then there are only 2 possibilities : 1 ) almost everyone in europe fails these tests 2 ) europeans are simply a lot smarter than americans i do n't believe either of these two are true . 
  i 've seen engineering exams people have taken in germany to get their degrees . 
  [ here is one example ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/sh/wr6ef9o5zm3xmh6/aadpszrsaepg9swgnipxf9-ga/str%c3%b6mungsmechanik/aufgabenzusammenstellung%20ws2014.pdf?dl=0 ) . 
  that test , while not easy , is not any harder than tests i took during my undergrad . 
  i 've also taken tests that were significantly harder than that one . 
  pretty much every problem on that test can be solved with 3 or 4 equations , and the rest is just simple geometry/algebra and being able to read a diagram . 
  anyone i went to undergrad with could pass that with a reasonable amount of studying . 
  also , like i 've said numerous times already , i go to school with many students from all over europe , mostly france , germany , italy , and some brits . 
  none of them are any better or any more capable than the american/indian/korean / chinese students . 
  it 's all very even , actually . 
   you should n't dismiss or invoke suspicion of people 's argument just because they do not provide hard data . 
  no , i most certainly * should * do that . 
  that 's how intellectual discourse works . 
  if you want to claim that the academic rigor of universities in germany is much higher than american universities , you have to provide evidence of that claim . 
  i 'm not just being defensive here , i 'm perfectly open for honest conversation . 
  if you show me evidence of your claims then i will accept them . 
  what i will not accept is something like this :  you should take their comments in good faith and accept the fact that in other countries students are studying more than in the us . 
  `` you should just accept it [ without evidence ] '' is not a reasonable contribution to an intelligent conversation . 
  do germans spend more hours studying than americans in high school ? 
  probably , but i do n't know . 
  do engineering students in germany spend more hours studying than american engineering students ? 
  i do n't that either , but i would guess they do n't . 
  i know it 's not physically possible to study more than my peers and i do at my university , for example , and i go to a school that 's ranked something like 35th in the country . 
   the sheer diversity of mods will ensure that the personal convictions of a single mod has little impact on this subreddit as a whole . 
  i sure hope so . 
  i like this sub and i enjoy the discussions i have with people here . 
  i would hate if my opinion were invalidated by virtue of my geographical coordinates at the time of my exit from my mother 's womb . 
   the american grading system is very forgiving compared to the german one do you have any sources for this claim ? 
  i did my undergrad at an american university , and i 'm currently in grad school at an american university . 
  i can tell you first hand that the grading at this school is not easier than any school in europe . 
  it ca n't be , because if the grading at any school were harder than here , then everyone would fail . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are some people that pass at universities in europe . 
   there 's a lot less hand-holding at german universities  once you enter university , it 's up to you to get organized with relatively limited help that 's exactly how it is at american universities . 
  where in the world did you hear that college students in the u.s. are having their hands held ? 
  i 'm not talking about community colleges , i 'm talking about respected research universities . 
   for a concrete example , even at my own mid-tier german university , the calculus exams are harder than at stanford that is a claim that very much needs evidence . 
  a random question someone posted on stack overflow is not evidence . 
   at most american universities , the first two years of mathematics focus on computations rather than proofs my intro calc classes were completely proof based . 
  failure rates in those intro calc classes are notoriously high , in large part due to the heavily proof based approach . 
  most calc classes that friends of mine at other universities have taken were the same way . 
   keep in mind that , if the max-planck society were a university , it would rank ahead of oxford and cambridge and most us universities once again : evidence . 
  you 're just saying these things , and i have no reason to believe you . 
  the * nature * publishing group ranked max-planck at # 5 in the world in publishing , behind 3 american universities and the nih ( also american ) : http://www.natureasia.com/en/publishing-index/global/ reuters has a similar ranking of the most published and cited institutions , where max-planck is # 2 behind harvard . 
  but it 's the only german institute in the top 20 of that list , whereas there are 14 american institutions in the top 20 : http://archive.sciencewatch.com/inter/ins/09/09top20overall/ cambridge has produced 3 times as many nobel laureates as max-planck . 
  why do you assume max-planck would be ranked ahead of cambridge ? 
  now , i 'm not saying max-planck is n't good - it 's a fantastic institute for science and technology . 
  one of the best in the world . 
  but its existence does n't somehow mean that universities in germany are much harder than they are in the u.s. just as a disclaimer , i 'm not trying to claim that american universities are superior to european ones . 
  i 'm just tired of the `` mericans r dumb '' trope , and the universal assumption that american schools are all easy compared to european ones . 
  the evidence does not support this claim , but no evidence is needed because this is the automatic assumption everyones makes . 
  i 'm disputing the idea that any average student in germany could go to mit , jump in on a graduate hilbert spaces class , and just ace it . 
  i go to school with many german students ( who did their undergrad in germany ) , and they are not any better than anyone else . 
  i 'm aware that american high school students lack most european countries in math and science . 
  i 'm not doubting facts like that . 
  but this has nothing to do with the rigor of american universities or their contributions to science and technology . 
  my graduate engineering studies have been the hardest thing i 've ever done in my life , and i have every confidence that i understand the subjects i study as well as anyone in the world , including people from germany , the uk , france ; wherever . 
  ah ok , that 's why it was so specific . 
  interestingly , there 's an entire other side to fluid mechanics when you look at aerodynamics , and you study things like lift , drag , moments , turbulence , vorticity , shock waves , etc. 
  fluids are pretty crazy . 
  you obviously did n't read the articles at all . 
  in fact , it appears you did n't even bother reading the titles of the articles , because the title of the reuter 's article is `` raul castro 's reforms fail to end ** cuba 's chronic shortages ** '' , and your take away from that was :  your articles actually prove there is no food shortage the very first sentence in that article is `` in a land where the potato is scarce '' . 
  that means there is a shortage of potatoes in cuba , just as one example . 
  for all the things that are unavailable from the state , people are forced to turn to the black market . 
  from the guardian article :  the black market partially fills the vacuum . 
  on roadsides further out of town , unauthorised hawkers tout bags of sausages , crackers , potatoes and other products that are scarce or only supposed to be available through the state system . 
  but , this is very high risk because of the penalties for circumventing the controls :  cuba 's criminal code has also been distorted by economic controls . 
  the maximum penalty for illegally slaughtering a cow and selling the meat is 18 years in prison . 
  people there are struggling so much to get food they 're willing to risk 18 years in prison just to get meat and milk and other such necessities . 
  believe it or not , cuba is not the utopian socialist paradise that leftists seem to think it is . 
  it 's actually a pretty crappy place to live . 
  it might be hard to realize that from your air conditioned house in the uk ( or wherever ) , with your free health care , your unlimited internet access , your constantly replenished grocery stores , your stable job , and your comfort in knowing you 're not going to prison tomorrow because of something you said . 
  but please realize that most places in the world are not like that at all . 
  you are very , very , very lucky . 
  cool , yeah i ca n't read any of it but based on the diagrams it looks like a bunch of fluids and thermo ( maybe some dynamics ) . 
  is this chemical engineering or something ? 
  it might be true in some cases , but always be careful of anecdotal evidence . 
  the school i go to is really damn hard ; in fact we have a satellite campus in metz , france and the french students that take classes at that campus ( joint program with a nearby french university ) do n't find it any easier than us .
