i think that was his/her confusion about scorching . 
  i think it 's the scorching in question , not the dead . 
  not everyone has seen the effects ( really ) of landmines and explosives on a human body . 
  a big enough explosion . 
  super legit news site . 
  eh , they still have their kid , the us , to stomp around the world for them . 
  i wo n't stress over it , but i 'll generally try to buy local or at least european , unless price/quality is a huge issue . 
  if rbs moves out of scotland because they vote yes , i think they should have to stop calling themselves the royal bank of * scotland * . 
  seems only fair . 
  cromwell definitely seems like the chap to listen to . 
  no , i made a stereotype of a vocal minorty . 
  a stereotype i have witnessed firsthand , as a man in flag-print clothes and huge coyboy hat accosted me on a visit rambling about how god `` hates fags and abortion and foreigners '' , and how obama was the devil . 
  that sort of encounter sticks with you . 
  as for americans hating how other countries run their own shit , are you living under a rock ? 
  [ the us government loves to care about how other people run their own countries . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/covert_united_states_foreign_regime_change_actions ), 
  1 senator = all of the us . 
  i want you to seriously , honestly , in public , propose a partially socialist economic system . 
  fox news will have a photoshopped picture of you as the devil incarnate before you 're done explaining your viewpoint . 
  angry hillbillies will be muttering about your commie ways , and morning radio talk show hosts will be belittling everything about you . 
  within a week , every red state will be convinced you are honestly trying to kill america . 
  look at the uproar over barack obama becoming president with those people . 
  he 's just black and only slightly conservative , and you think suggesting america is n't the greatest thing since oxygen and god 's gift to planet earth and we need to change our whole economic system wo n't raise a shitstorm of biblical proportions ? 
  if you were n't killed by some super religious zealot dressed in us flag-print trousers , shirt and novelty cowboy hat within a month , i 'd honestly die of shock . 
  cuz what ireland needs is more religion . 
  yeah . 
  the north is full of people 's imaginary friends , and none of them get along . 
  i hope they get rid of all the muslims and jews and everyone else they dislike . 
  without an outside target , maybe they 'll toss each other into the sea . 
  that deafening silence is every spaniard blinking in confusion in response to such a stupid statement . 
  that is a stuped question . 
  same reason , the uk is fairly obvious as well . 
  beautiful , yes . 
  romantic , no . 
  ... yeah actually , i 'd watch it . 
  '' ... but i 'm the bloody queen ! '', 
  `` yeah but this bread is still stale !, 
  i want a refund ! '', 
  * laughter soundtrack *, 
  mmm , nuclear holocaust . 
  that 'll fix everything . 
  england invades france , eu attacks the uk , germany gets a second chance to `` visit '' , england gets sucker punched in the back by ireland , scotland , and wales . 
  merkel gets to set up shop in london , and ireland , scotland , and wales become bffs . 
  the queen flees to northern ireland and opens a bakery . 
  or something . 
  this tale has gotten out of control . 
  that 's really the problem , we 're spoiled for choice on shit to bitch about . 
  no wonder we love to complain . 
  something , something , the troubles ... 
  nothing worse than inexperienced trolls . 
  i 'm used to a higher standard of trolling as i get older . 
  no one is this full of shit . 
  go away , troll . 
  til there 's no porn or internet in europe . 
  that 's like , $ 100,000 . 
  i think it 's a very complicated question that 's almost all grey area and very little black & white . 
  not a biased title * at all * . 
  fact : dark lords are extra susceptible to flash photography . 
  everyone knows that . 
  muggle cameras would n't work there . 
  i tried . 
  well , according to facebook . 
  some sorting-hat test my wife made me take told me to go to ravenclaw . 
  slytherin . 
  my facebook says i 'm 97 years old and that i graduated from hogwarts and that i work for google as `` that guy who yells at the ceo when he 's being a lazy sod . '', 
  facebook does n't fact check . 
  i 've seen those armoured elks . 
  very majestic . 
  if you elect trump , you can expect global respect levels to drop to nil almost immediately . 
  that ... that actually sounds pretty great , to my woefully uneducated-in-such-matters brain . 
  we build a giant bridge to france and bypass the feckers altogether . 
  dumbest fucking title all week . 
  but governments usually do whatever they want , the people be damned . 
  `` portuguese '', 
  blatant discrimination by some * governments * . 
  they do not always speak the will of the people . 
  or we could shoot * him * and take * all * his money . 
  hopefully he 'll get stoned out of argentina too . 
  of course !, 
  tourism = immigration . 
  i like them , serious and satire both . 
  not until you learn how to turn off the caps lock key . 
  someone needs to collect these into a megapost . 
  also , i ca n't wait to see ireland 's . 
  it 's gon na be hilaribad , and i ca n't wait . 
  if we can rely on the americans for anything , it 's to love america too much to destroy itself . 
  i have n't disagreed with anything you 've said . 
  regardless , someone with a shield rarely puts it down while facing an armed , aggressive opponent . 
  i do n't think anyone has ever said `` put your shield down '' and then * not * struck the shield-holder . 
  my gaeilge is shite , but i 'd all for irish public servants needing to be fluent in gaeilge agus b\u00e9arla ( sp ? 
  i agree completely . 
  seems fine to me . 
  i love languages in general , but you need to be able to communicate with the majority of people you deal with for your job . 
  anyone have some facts and rational context to go with this ? 
  anyone ? 
  that balcony fell down almost as fast as those towers in nyc . 
  ca n't anything stay standing in one piece over there ? 
  those things always go all to pieces . 
  only an american would think eating healthy is torture . 
  it 's like watching someone fall in love .
