  `` well , it 's simple . 
  you 've legalized sex with children , and those that helped this law come to pass , are dirty paedophiles . '', 
  - that swedish minister , probably . 
  inb4 georgia is invaded again . 
  yup . 
  but that was n't your question . 
  you asked what they wanted to save europe from . 
  i answered your question . 
  not sure why you 're arguing with me about someone else 's actions and ideas . 
  i disagree with my wife all the time . 
  we talk it out like mature adults . 
  neither of us have moved out and gotten a divorce . 
  i did n't say the image solutions would help , i merely stated what people want to save europe from . 
  falling apart as member states leave like petulant children . 
  time to relearn irish . 
  these american imports are getting boring ... 
  well if you 're taking the blame already anyways , may as well get some guns and start shooting black folk . 
  i see a muslim lady trying to express that she is french as well as muslim . 
  username will tell you all you need to know about that guy ... 
  it teaches more as you go . 
  there 's also rosetta stone , but that is costly as fuck ... 
  duolingo offers a basic course for free . 
  learning languages can be good for yer brain anyways , give it a shot . 
  duolingo has a bunch of other languages to choose from as well . 
  no , this makes total sense . 
  when i moved out of my parent 's house , i came back and burned down the house a week later . 
  that is your bed . 
  you made that bed . 
  go sleep in it . 
  not really what i was saying , but okay . 
  yeah i do n't think it works like that . 
  `` fair vote '' , even with all the lies ? 
  i really appreciate calm , unbiased titles . 
  what could go wrong ... 
  of course it would be better if it worked out okay for everyone . 
  but it wo n't . 
  no matter what happens , millions of people will be upset . 
  i do n't want innocent people to suffer , but they will regardless because there is fuck all i can do about it , so either i laugh at those that brought this upon themselves , or i get depressed because i can not help those who do n't deserve it . 
  sorry for choosing laughter over depression . 
  * i * ca n't punish people for stupidity , but i can laugh while stupidity punishes itself . 
  they are n't all misinformed , many were deliberately ignorant . 
  there 's a difference . 
  52 % are n't stupid , but a chunk of that 52 % is quite racist , which we know from the dramatic and sharp rise in incidents across the uk . 
  regardless , literally nothing i do will alter the course of the uk , so i can either be sad at the terrible state of democracy in the uk , bring more misery upon myself , or i can laugh at the folly of those who deliberately brought about their own downfall . 
  it has nothing to do with bad blood . 
  the majority voted for this , * wanted * this , because they could n't be fucked to learn the facts . 
  so fuck them , you reap what you sow . 
  as far as everyone else , yeah , that sucks for them , but even if i am sad for them , will it help them ? 
  will boris and nigel see sense if they learn i am sad for the sane , rational remain voters ? 
  if so , tell me now , i 'll change my tune in a heartbeat . 
  machines are often easier to destroy from within . 
  i really got ta study more . 
  and if there 's any confusion , i do n't really care about reunification or the ira , i just have a sick fascination with watching train wrecks . 
  i had no issue with the uk at all until half of them went full retard . 
  while i am trying to get better with some duolingo , currently my gaeilge is absolue shite . 
  well fuck you too , spain . 
  ask boris johnson ? 
  keep antagonizing the people you need to negotiate with . 
  that always ensures negotiations go well . 
  nope . 
  based on personal interactions , i suspect it is enough , but i 'm no expert in such things . 
  yes you will . 
  oh , you 've hurt my feelings !, 
  i 'm literally crying now . 
  * dries tears with pounds *, 
  * tosses a pillow and a blanket on the couch * g'wan . 
  lol , alright . 
  have fun with all that brexiting . 
  before you go , i could use some tissues for all my wanking , hand me some pounds , would ye ? 
  i do n't want to soil anything of value ... 
  truths . 
  * shakes a bottle *, 
  i like you . 
  i suspect this is the way of things for a bunch of people . 
  good luck , 
  maybe if you went outside and socialized once in awhile as a nation instead of leering out between the blinds while muttering to yourself about the dirty neighbors , you might have built some sense of community . 
  you 've truly contributed much to this conversation . 
  i am so happy you 're here . 
  it 's gon na sound like i am reporting you for being a racist troll , but that 's just because i am . 
  no one claimed it wasnt solely britain 's choice . 
  no , i want you to stay , chill the fuck out , and work things out like mature adults . 
  but odds are i wo n't get what i want , and you 're going to stomp off in a huff like a god damned child . 
  maybe they wont come crawling back , maybe they 'll just collapse in on themselves . 
  britain can go ahead and leave , let 's see what great deals they can arrange when they inevitably come crawling back . 
  quiet , polite , reserved ... except for the murderin ' . 
  that 's * true * , but not exploding should not be the tipping point of good/bad education . 
  it will probably affect your ability to move , yeah , but no one seems really sure of how . 
  unfortunately , you 're probably going to have to wait and find out , and worry the whole time . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  i 've lost track of people in america who are surprised i can speak english . 
  i think that can apply to any country other than america . 
  * eye twitch *, 
  yes . 
  or , you could stop invading people . 
  just an idea . 
  wow , thats a lot of empty space ... 
  honest question , what percentage of canada is actually habitable ? 
  shitty advertising does n't make us listen to the bitching of ignorant bigots . 
  can we just not have any religion on buses ? 
  ca n't buses just stick to shitty advertising ?
