  much netflixes . 
  i feel like this title needs a few more actual words in it ... 
  that is an impressive sized pile of bullshit . 
  419,000 + now . 
  woops , my apologies . 
  op got robbed one time , freaked out , and decided to move to the states . 
  allegedly . 
  probably bullshit though . 
  fair enough . 
  good luck , do n't let the door hit you on the way out . 
  and more mass shootings than you can shake a stick at . 
  enjoy . 
  because there 's no way to even pretend to be able to accurately check to see if a boy is a virgin . 
  i heard jaime is hung like a horse ... 
  probably a coincidence . 
  at least as a european , i can tell the comic is a joke . 
  but i 'm sure you 'll get there one day . 
  thanks , but we actually knew that . 
  the comic was a joke . 
  i did n't make any excuses , you 're just desperate to yell at someone and you 've picked me . 
  i do n't support this guy , and no matter why he 's gone to isis , i hope a drone strike turns him into a crater in the ground . 
  but you clearly do n't care what i say , and will continue to twist everything i say to make me sound like a bad guy to fit the narrative in your head , so have a nice day and enjoy yourself . 
  again , i did not say that 's what happened . 
  i did n't say it did n't happen . 
  * all * that i said was , it would n't be a big fucking surprise . 
  i did n't say his plan was particularly well thought out . 
  i did n't say it was warranted . 
  i did n't say it was right . 
  i did n't say he was a good man . 
  i just said it was n't a fucking huge surprise . 
  that 's the one . 
  my point was , even in a dream scenario , assuming 100 % innocence originally , of course he now fucking hates the west . 
  wrongful imprisonment tends to make a fellow angry . 
  where do you go when you 're angry at the west ? 
  only one real stop ... 
  my point was , even in a dream scenario , assuming 100 % innocence originally , of course he now fucking hates the west . 
  wrongful imprisonment tends to make a fellow angry . 
  where do you go when you 're angry at the west ? 
  only one real stop ... 
  well , either he was guilty from the start , or you drove an innocent man to terror as revenge for all that wrongful imprisonment . 
  depends on how they got wealthy , i suppose . 
   uk english ( sophisticated and reminds me of victoria beckham ) i do n't even know where to begin . 
   how bad did we mess up ? 
  `` all . '', 
  unless you 're trying to make a point . 
  also , it 's the internet . 
  do you feel the need to correct every instance of impoliteness you find here ? 
  you must be very busy . 
  if you told me that , i 'd be not at all shocked , i would n't care very much , and i would sarcastically congratulate you on your great big con . 
  `` oooh , you got me ! '', 
  i 'd say , while i rolled my eyes . 
  not my fault you worded the question poorly . 
  that 's what he said , exactly . 
  nicely said . 
  uk and ireland , portugal and spain . . not a lot of shocks there ... 
  worries me that even 10-15 % voted guilty . 
  how can you be mad that more people did n't die ? 
  i do n't think that voting for brexit makes someone a racist , but a lot of the rhetoric of brexit , focusing on immigration , drew a massive amount of those sorts of people into the fold . 
  when brexit passed , those racist pricks felt validated in their feelings . 
  to be a little fair , i 've been teaching english to my child , and having been forced to really think about it as an adult , english is pretty retarded . 
  of course , any damned dictionary or even google could have avoided that silly sign , but still . 
  i 'd give you the same advice . 
  with the way you act , no , you ca n't win . 
  oh god no , i do n't expect that at all . 
  it 's pretty damn apparent you do n't respect anyone other than yourselves ( and really , not even then ) . 
  nothing shocks me about america . 
  some of you are voting for trump , after all . 
  but whatever . 
  i 'm not going to argue with you over my opinions . 
  you want to pretend cheap green plastic shit is cool and not utterly ridiculous ? 
  go right ahead . 
  enjoy your green beer . 
  lol . 
  haha , nice . 
  i 've met a few of those ancient order lads , and ... wow , what odd ducks . 
  it 's not the worst , it 's just the one i hate the most . 
  every-irish-person-is-an-alcoholic is probably the worst , imo . 
  and maybe it 's not meant as negative , but how many americans do you think would be outraged as all fuck at people ordering drinks based on 9/11 ? 
  a flaming drink called the `` burning skyscraper '' , perhaps ? 
  i bet my left ball that a huge number of americans would lose their shit . 
  but yet an irish car bomb is still cheerfully ordered . 
  regardless , op asked what we hated most , not what was most reasonable to hate . 
  each year i alternate between being informative and politely dispelling stereotypes ( `` iama real irish person , ama !, 
  '' ) , and them confirming every stereotype and inventing new ones ( `` actually , in ireland , we 're not allowed to wear blue clothing . 
  it was the king 's favorite color when we rebelled , so we made it a law to ban blue clothes . '' ), 
  i hate cheap shitty green plastic hats and shitty green beards that tie onto your face and shitty green signs with bad pseudo-irish phrases and shittier green signs with worse phrases in irish but it 's been through google translate 4-5 times , i hate seeing my history and my country and my home reduced to green plastic vaguely-racist trinkets which only serves to enable rampant alcoholics and binge drinkers to destroy themselves on cheap green beer . 
  walk into almost any shop in the us the week before st. paddy 's day , and look for their seasonal section . 
  that 's what i hate most . 
  not sure why you did that , but you know , thanks . 
  are n't we grand ? 
  i know , i just thought it was amusing in an odd sort of way . 
  how often do you need to make an international fuss to make sure someone does n't hand you a massive pile of cash ? 
  especially since most governments are generally really big into people paying their taxes . 
  was n't really the point of my statement , but okay , have fun . 
  was n't really the point of my statement , but okay , have fun . 
  you missed the whole part where i said `` i understand the logic '' of what 's happening , but thanks for taking the time to tell me how i 'm wrong anyways . 
  you missed the whole part where i said `` i understand the logic '' of what 's happening , but thanks for taking the time to tell me how i 'm wrong anyways . 
  i understand the logic , but we 're literally arguing to * not * get 13 billion fucking euros . 
  oh good , we made the news again ... 
  sigh .
