  sorry you wo n't get to torture him . 
  i have never heard anyone ever say most of these . 
  if your wit was any sharper , you 'd cut yourself . 
  sorry , i have this disease where i feel compelled to only try and help issues that are actual issues and not utter shite . 
  not to worry though !, 
  i have some new medicine , and in a week or so , my doctor says i 'll be able to be angry and shout at whatever falsified social issue is presented to me in infographic form like a proper idiot . 
  so we can not say that women and men are not paid exactly the same for exactly the same work . 
  i know you 're not op , i meant to add my questions alongside yours , since you expressed similar wariness of the data that was displayed . 
  sort of a `` yeah , what he said !, 
  and what about ... '', 
  is it overall income , or is it per-job ? 
  are we comparing brain surgeons to receptionists ? 
  because if we 're talking about income for * exactly * the same work , fine . 
  i 've a pitchfork and a pile of rage right here ready to go . 
  otherwise , you ( op ) have merely wasted precious time of my life with your fail . 
  i was surprised to hear she was still alive . 
  [ genuinely laughed out loud . 
  well , you said like you were 5 years old . 
   like i 'm 5 year old . 
  just like i tell my actual 5 year old , if you ca n't ask politely , then you do n't deserve it . 
  yeeeah , not feeling it . 
  no we do n't . 
  only better than an open pit of lava . 
  and only by a little . 
  well yeah , that 's true too . 
  `` russia raises fuss over something no one cares about , film at 11 . '', 
  let 's assume the birth was actually a few days earlier and the announcement was shared once they were checked and double checked to be healthy and happy , mum and baby both . 
  so fucking what ? 
  good point !, 
  well there goes my holiday plans ... 
  we 're drowning in corrupt politicians . 
  one more is n't breaking news for everyone . 
  [ brilliant . 
  8 month old account , literally only one karma . 
  seems legit . 
  let 's watch the video . 
  i thought it started ( at least , popularly , ) with jenny maccarthy ? 
  [ well done , poland . 
  you took a simple comment way too seriously . 
  not at all . 
  `` are you british ? '', 
  da fuq did the danes do ? 
  your mother liked us both equally well the other night . 
  you remembered northern ireland , but not the rest of it ? 
  maybe to some ? 
  a state is a country . 
  someone 's bitter ... 
  shit , me too . 
  now i 'm hungry . 
  `` why did you give him a flag ? 
  he 's not allowed sticks , he 'll poke his damn eye out . '', 
  * hands flag to other person * `` take this flag away from crazy eddie back there , put it somewhere safe , would you ? 
  i have to do politics ... '', 
  there are plenty of negative reactions besides shame . 
  she does n't look ashamed at all , she looks annoyed at being handed something . 
  just realized that . 
  ahhhh . 
  can someone explain why ? 
  i thought it was open to all of europe , not specifically just the eu members . 
  true enough . 
  i know , it was a joke . 
  it 's reddit , pretty much all curse words are permissible here , excepting only racial/hate slurs , and even those are allowed within the confines of certain subreddits we shall not name . 
  so censoring out the word is ... pretty dang silly . 
  you ca n't say that on reddit !, 
  wo n't be a what ?!, 
  the word is censored , what does it say ? 
  well , stop diddling children and lend a hand , ya old bastard . 
  welcome to europe !, 
  i sincerely hope your stay is fun , memorable , and safe . 
  unfortunately due to recent events , sadly , you may want to shave so that you remain unhassled by certain few undesirable idiots who are in the grip of panic . 
  i 'm more peppery than anything . 
  oh , an ireland / potatoe joke . 
  clever * and * original . 
  you 're the dane cook of redditors . 
  ohh , someone 's salty . 
  '' adjective 1 . of or like a spectacle ; marked by or given to an impressive , large-scale display . '', 
  i never mentioned being amused . 
  i too would vote for trump . 
  i 've never witnessed the collapse of a first-world nation before with my own eyes . 
  should be spectacular . 
  why are n't the shouty sort of feminists flipping their shit over this comment ? 
  i do not deny that . 
  but the us still has plenty of blame left over after that . 
  operation cyclone springs to mind initially ... 
  racist quota was already filled , please try again later . 
  not every single problem , no . 
  but many of them . 
  i was hoping someone would find a way to get a little bit of racism into the conversation somehow . 
  thanks for helping out . 
  i 'm sorry , with your username , there 's no way for me to take anything you say seriously . 
  i never said america was never ever helpful . 
  my comment was not that long , re-read it . 
  we need america to stop bombing every little place that has oil and destabilizing it to the point where terrorist organizations spawn and grow . 
  that website gave me cancer , it was so shitty . 
  so ... crap ? 
  he wants to make it more crap ? 
  so that means they are all terrorists !, 
  right ? 
  ( the preceding statement was sarcasm . ), 
  family movie marathon .
