  whole region would not fall in the first place , if it were n't for us support . 
  do n't look at iraq , look at the ukraine, 
  you really live in a fucked up country . 
  yep , capitalism seems to be working flawlessly . 
  i sometimes think that nuclear war is needed for a major step in human progress . 
  where is us on your corruption list ? 
  data-ng - is not an illegal atribute . 
  you have plugin for gulp/grunt that does it for you, 
  angular 2.0 will probably be used with [ material.angular ] ( https://material.angularjs.org/#/layout/container ) and i ca n't wait to see if any other framework will match that toolset . 
  a lot of hate towards angular 2.0 , but the truth is that it will probably blow away any other framework . 
  like their goal is to keep phones battery to last 1 day . 
  wealth is finite resource . 
  did n't know they have a leader . 
  i watched his talk about ruby on rails , where he has given a better talk than some rails guys . 
  and he does n't even know ruby xd, 
  so what ? 
  they support their own people . 
  unlike us that support terrorists . 
  so why did us blocked cuba in previous cold war ? 
  would n't that be an attack on a sovereign country ? 
  seems like torturing some folks has become a trend . 
  i do n't see it as an historical example , as the us stance towards cuba persisted throughout the years and is still the same . 
  and russia 's actions towards ukraine are based on preventing us direct control of that country ( which us succeeded in now ) and capturing of very important russian asset on crimea . 
  us created media war over ukraine , created a sense that ukraine is a victim and russia started that civil war . 
  while the truth is that us caused it by pouring billions of dollars into subversion and influence , and by seizing control over lawfully elected government . 
  it seized control using mercenaries who shot both protesters and police on maidan , and thus created a thought that government is killing it 's own people . 
  yet , when us established it 's puppet government in ukraine , that new government started doing atrocities , like that massacre in odessa ( which is covered up ofcourse ), 
  us is a giant killing machine , which creates a conflict when it needs one . 
  it created a hell from tunis to libya , from iraq to syria and afghanistan , and now the last victim is ukraine . 
  he kills us backed terrorists and isis . 
  hmm , i can have a laugh only in threads with 20 upvotes . 
  so true, 
  nope , it 's about how should rails apps be organized . 
  nuke yourselves . 
  us did this by invading libya . 
  hahaha , what about us is n't blatant lie ? 
  i do n't recall him doing anything wrong on balkans , he was telling the truth . 
  no one here knows your husband or life you have with him . 
  please do n't listen to people telling you to get a divorce right on the first sentence . 
  ( not native english ) , 
  ukraine government : a united front run by puppets . 
  from doing his job defending russian interests i guess . 
  taliban fought against heroin production , it started with us invasion . 
  well , ukraine was the last country john mccain visited . 
  does that give any clue ? 
  this is by far the best place to eat ` pleskavic ' in belgrade . 
  it 's couple meters away from a store that sells watches and across the jewelry store . 
  that cpu is very very slow . 
  if you 're working with asp.net i would recommend at least i5 . 
  / r/learnjavascript please, 
  good thing they have democracy . 
  ` juvenile and simplistic ' could not be written to military complex which seemingly have unlimited strategic and tactical resources . 
  they knew exactly what 's going to happen . 
  could doing nothing be an option ? 
  let the people of that country resolve their issues for themselves . 
  us should not be a global police you know , and it seems they 're doing pretty bad job too . 
  it is impressive , but it still shows . 
  us president is all black , so match that putin !, 
  i 'm currently reading illustrated c # , i think it 's spot on for what you 're looking for . 
  it does n't cover . net though , just c # , but it does it rather well . 
  looks like us needs un help too , with all those murderous cops being freed these couple days . 
  [ you do n't say ] ( http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140820213305/sailormoon/images/e/e0/you_don't_say-.jpg ), 
  and who is bond ? 
  obama ? 
  bush ? 
  your values are what you do , not what you say . 
  why do n't they ask eu for help ? 
  npr . 
  how to enroll ? 
  so libya , syria , tunis , iraq , afghanistan etc. 
  are all us territories ? 
  dumb fuck , there were not deaths at crimea , while us killed a million people in countries i mentioned . 
  huh , compared to the us with it 's libya , syria , iraq , afghanistan , tunis etc. 
  it 's like putin crossed the road on red light . 
  yep , but people are blind . 
  us kills hundreds of thousands on the middle east , no reaction . 
  putin annexes crimea with practically no deaths , and he 's the worst man in the world . 
  so us create a living hell in some region , but it 's okay because it did n't create a us state out of it ? 
  yep , us citizens do not realize how much deaths are really involved . 
  even wikipedia states that there are 500.000 deaths in iraq alone . 
  i do n't even have to mention syria , where us openly armed terrorists . 
  but when russia helps it 's own people on the border of their own country , they 're bad . 
  this brain washing is really frightening , they do n't realize the hell created by us from fucking algeria to china . 
  your highschool rhetoric is great . 
  thanks !, 
  yep , us just killed hundreds of thousands in iraq , afghanistan , libya , syria , tunis etc. 
  those pesky russians must be stopped . 
  it 's interesting how us got the hold of it only after couple of weeks . 
  i 'm pretty sure if there is torture involved it 's not a prison anymore , maybe concentration camp . 
  i 'm not russian , nor i like russia or their culture . 
  but i find it very very strange that western nations have something to say about them , as they have been doing atrocities for the past couple decades . 
  compared to the west , russia is a little innocent boy . 
  expect supersonic democracy flying towards you . 
  and us citizens continue being their allies even after they blew the towers . 
  it 's quite a lot considering that us is arming the third party fighting syrian army . 
  same way it can be ` war in afghanistan ' and not ` with afghanistan ' . 
  i think [ botako ] ( http://www.pizzabotako.rs/ ) is the best place by far . 
  yeah , it 's really hard to be a tough guy with an apache and a joystick . 
  what nuclear issue ? 
  why us has anything to say about any of iran 's internal affairs ?
