  seems like us is invading another country again . 
  excuse is not relevant . 
  hope he lost both legs . 
  yeah , us really helped them achieve that . 
  compared to iraq invasion , it 's nothing . 
  not a single thing you listed is bad for environment . 
  or from the balkans . . 
  you 're trying to deny russia 's right to claim all things they listed , while russia have all the right to claim it . 
  it is on the moral high ground compared to the us . 
  fact that russia annexed crimea , and maybe sent couple hundreds soldiers to help separatists fight against unlawful murderous government of ukraine , not by any means put russia in a place where it ca n't comment on vicious us led military actions . 
  us fucked up badly , and russia has every right to comment !, 
   and maybe sent couple hundreds soldiers to help separatists fight against unlawful murderous government of ukraine , not by any means put russia in a place where it ca n't comment on vicious us led military actions . 
  seems like you 're the one not reading . 
  pics or did n't happen, 
  lets turn a blind eye to this . 
  you 're not very smart are you . 
  i would like to see your police wear just shirts and carry pepper spray , instead of full-blown armor . 
  us were never threatened by any of them . 
  with introduction of democracy you open yourself to foreign influence and subversion . 
  while you may think that you have a choice in democratic process , it could easily be the other way around . 
  take a look at some so-called democratic societies , everything fell down to choosing between red or blue , left or right , and everything brings down to the same thing at the end . 
  be careful what you 're doing and what you wish for , china is doing great at the moment but is very fragile . 
  any major change could stomple it 's progress and create a mess . 
  foreign powers would be very happy if china moved to democracy . 
  says the guy who lives in us ( i guess ) which has the most militarized police in the world . 
  and you bring something that happened a while a go . 
  heck , you had separate things for ` colored ' and white people some years before that . 
  better standard of living is n't necessary tied to democracy . 
  us have geopolitical location which could grant a lot better standard to it 's citizens than they have now . 
  a lot better . 
  ( * cough * healthcare ) . 
  other than that , us have a lot of issues within that does n't apply to china . 
  us is at second place for prison population per 100k citizens with 704 , while china is on 125th place with 124 citizens/100k . 
  also , in china you do n't have a single gang , while in the us , you ca n't walk safely in most of suburban areas of major cities . 
  crime rates are sky high . . 
  so story of civil liberties fall hard compare ` communism ' ( which china is only to some extent ) and us . 
  i do n't really see how us has better human right record ( i guess us measured it ) . 
  i 'm maybe wrong , and would really like someone to prove me . 
  by gangs i do n't mean organized crime , i mean thugs with guns holding whole neighbourhoods . 
  how easily it 's said `` oh , maybe iraq , sorry '' . . like us did n't kill hundreds of thousands and created isis because of that . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  i do n't know why i even bother . 
  it 's worse, 
  [ i 'm not ] ( http://i2.wp.com/mycatbirdseat.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/anti-putin-propaganda-news.jpg?resize=500%2c374 ), 
  only in ` murica, 
  huh , seems like us is really fucked up place . 
  could you go to rt.com now and tell me which articles are a lie ? 
  a person that 's actually well informed ? 
  on worldnews ? 
  i must be hallucinating . 
  public reddit-like policy voting platform instead of politicians . 
  do you think she rubbed one off in the bathroom ? 
  then it 's like you 're bungee jumping into a warm pool . 
  dated russian aa from cold war run-down f117 in serbia , ca n't imagine what s400 could do . 
  privatizovanje eps-a ( i vodovoda ) i enormno dizanje cena elektricne energije . 
  and he 's correct . 
  yep , i did n't . 
  i rely on you naming it properly . 
  no , us is not bad at all . 
  yeah , and hell from kuwait to turkey is great too . 
  go bankrupt yourself buying some aspirin . 
  west pumped 5 billion on creating a mess in ukraine . 
  maybe you could edit and remove that / s easily . 
  fuck you, 
   5 billion, 
  i wo n't , i ca n't touch your bubble . 
  nah , people are blind . 
  us democracy = nazism, 
  it 's even more disrespectful , that flag is not official albanian flag . 
  it 's fictional ` greater albania ' flag , which includes half the montenegro , part of greece , half of macedonia and part of serbia . 
  it 's like flying german flag that includes part of poland in capital of poland . 
  it was political provocation , if you read more articles , you could see it 's the brother of albanian prime minister who controlled the drone . 
  go visit belgrade , then visit tirana . 
  albanians are bunch or rats . 
  100 % true, 
  ` merica , the land of the free . 
  you mean watch while us destroys it 's economy without real reason ? 
  it 's not like russia invaded some country and killed 600.000 , like iraq . 
  that 's what nazys said about jews . 
  and yes , it did . 
  it 's on wiki, 
  seems like they have to stage new 9/11 . 
  let 's watch that from 10000 feet . 
  before us intervention 600000 were people alive . 
  10 years after us intervention , 600000 people dead . 
  while it 's true that not everyone is killed directly by us soldiers , it is true that us caused destabilization of whole region , and is responsible for those deaths . 
  just like us is responsible , again - indirectly , for creation of isis . 
  especially doing good deeds in a country that has the worlds biggest supply of diamonds . 
  developing ? 
  that `` country '' is built by terrorists . 
  only millions that russia killed were nazys . 
  same ca n't be said for the us . 
  us is to blame for that . 
  when protesters are given m16 , then shit blow up . 
  where are the planes ? 
  so if i hate us companies and us government , it 's hypocritical to like american culture ? 
  so every us citizen must like his government ? 
  it 's why you had occupy movement ? 
  huh , good job on describing dinner she had . 
  she totally wo n't found out it is you if she reads the post .
