strategic position has same value as oil . 
  serbia is near bankruptcy . 
  we need to grab every opportunity we get . 
  and i do n't see how it 's any of their business . 
  it 's not like they accepted us to eu . 
  it 's more about money in this case . 
  serbia got heavy financial loses with trying to join eu , and is near bankruptcy . 
  cutting ties with russia would leave serbia bankrupt for sure . 
  so why are they protesting ? 
  tell that to hungary , romania , bulgaria , greece , slovenia , croatia . 
  all of them got in debt over their heads . 
  i agree with you . 
  serbia will never be accepted into eu , but serbian people do n't see that . 
  in the meanwhile , serbian industry got destroyed with ` shock-therapy ' and only lives on creating debt . 
  i think serbia should ditch eu , and go neutral route . 
  just like how us is using any pretext to invade anyone they want . 
  while nato is destroying nations . 
  welcome to the 21st century , where everything can be proven but people choose to blindly believe . 
  so it 's bad that russia is supporting their own people in ukraine , but it 's ok that us is supporting muslims ( !? ), 
  all over africa ? 
  i guess they wo n't stay so blond-haired . 
  yeah , nato is always innocent , and every country was in a mess before their invasion . 
  i see only one turd here . 
  yaay , here comes the fleet of ` cheap ' f16 's . 
  luckily they do n't burn natural gas . 
  its funny how actualy he sounds more like a bot . 
  yep , you told the thruth man . 
  thank you, 
  i guess people from a country that 's 200ish years ca n't understand how history bind countries . 
  with angularjs and ui bootstrap being very popular , i would say bootstrap . 
  sooo , why is russia accused then ? 
  likely it was other way around . 
  batman 2, 
  and the world continues to arm . 
  i 'm not informed , could you explain what 's wrong with their government ? 
  it does n't matter , it 's on front page . 
   none if it was manufactured correctly . 
  you mean : `` none if it was manufactured is germany . '', 
  with red alert 2 soundtrack all day long, 
  you 're all a bunch of stupid fucks . 
  and monkeys downvote you :-), 
  hi monkey , how you doing ? 
  they ca n't figure it out . 
  they 're bunch of monkeys . 
  stupid monkey . 
  and us will bring shock therapy to yet another country . 
  fuck you, 
  so much dust around crimea , so little over 600.000 deaths in iraq alone . 
  that 's nice , have fun ;-), 
  finally to read some smart responses . 
  they are attacking syrians , but have non-agression pakt with isis . 
  yep , that seems right . 
  let us keep arming them . 
  let 's see . . 
  us funded terrorists to attack syria , then says that syria ca n't keep their shit together . 
  us attacks iraq , destroys it 's military ( 600.000 deaths ) , sell them expensive weapons , and mumbles how children of fallen iraq soldiers are fleeing isis ( while isis is funded by us ally s. arabia ) . 
  why is us involved ? 
  what it has to do with them ? 
  us caused so much death in that part of the world , and continue to do so . 
  us uses subversion and media to gain influence , while monkeys follow the story too easily , they do n't even have to work hard . 
  that was the same pretext for attacking iraq , and that resulted in 600.000 deaths . 
  they once were rich country . 
  now , they come to work and live even in serbia . 
  ha , serbia . 
  we 're very poor ( thanks us ) but greeks come nevertheless , and enjoy it here . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  is that satire ? 
  do you even know who hussein was ? 
  where is the us then ? 
  hitler stage ? 
  us destroyed your country , just like it did mine . 
  inform yourself . 
  russia wanted to invade us couple decades ago , we were not their friends . 
  we were socialist , and us did n't like that . 
  we were threated with ` shock ' economic therapy . 
  find out what that 's that . 
  they claim a lot of things . 
  true, 
  terrorists !, 
  keep it up boys !, 
  as far as i know , us is mostly bombing poor nations . 
  something like ` defence ' budget ? 
  like , being a piece of shit ? 
  go plug yourself to a tv set . 
  yeah , thanks for depleted uranium and highest cancer rates in europe . 
  ( serbia ), 
  for starters , i live in one . 
  have n't seen much help from us . 
  just bombs . 
  even so , genocide justifies genocide ? 
  i guess that housewifes with breast cancer really should have thought about that . 
  yep , i hope us will learn it 's lesson too . 
  not sure if you noticed , but they 've already reached oblivion after us bombs . 
  about that , we were not bombed because of any genocide , we were bombed because we did n't want to let kosovo become separate state . 
  which eventually did , but because of the bombs . 
  genocide did not happen , we just fought albanian terrorists , which were paid by us . 
  search for ` kosovo yellow house ' and carla del ponte ( chief prosecutor for serbs in hague , who turned side when she saw what really happened ) so you created artificitial problem , which you came latter to solve with bombs . 
  using subversion and economic influence , us orchestrated whole yu breakup . 
  it started even with ronald regan , which said that yu as successful socialist country should not exist in europe . 
  it was all planned by superrior inteligence agencies , for which we dont have a match .
