  you are right . 
  it was late yesterday  i 'll change it . 
  `` restructuring '' is a euphemism for debt cut here . 
  i think the usual financial lingo is `` haircut '' . 
  the creditor nations ( = taxpayers ) waive a part of their claims . 
  practically it 's done like norrsken said . 
  greece defaults . 
  they then introduce their own currency which they can devalue . 
  like the uk : heavily indebted but still aaa rated because they can inflat ... errrm conduct a `` quantitative easing '' . 
  edit : deflat . . --  inflat ... 
  many germans speak at least some english . 
  so you should be ok . 
  excellent !, 
  that should be the goal . 
  but it has to start as a federation of nations . 
  how else could it be done ? 
  yea , that 's what i remembered fragmentary . 
  thanks !, 
   you 're assuming he 's lying about iran 's responsibility . 
  no , i said that he is abusing the situation and that , due to this fact , the discussion ban ( and mind gag ) that gocarsno demands is unjustified . 
  apart from that , thanks for your interesting contribution and the cost/benefit analysis . 
  nevertheless it 's not unheard of that governments take such risks to get their wars . 
  the [ gulf of tonkin incident ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulf_of_tonkin_incident ) comes to my mind and i believe there was something that israel once opened fire on one of their own ships . 
  but i do n't remember enough to deliver a link to it . 
  i 'm all for it and against moving financial/budgetary/fiscal decisions like the esm forward before we have a common democratic state . 
  first things first . 
  but i 'm afraid that the national politicians will be the biggest blockers because they fear loss of power and influence . 
  but the tragic loss is abused by netanjahu . 
  he started it . 
  obviously to draw the world into a war against iran . 
  and in this case it should n't be forbidden to discuss all possibilities . 
  now assume that tallwookie 's posting was based on netanjahu 's strange behaviour without explicitely mentioning it . 
  do n't you think your answer was a little too arrogant ? 
  and what 's your opinion on netanjahu 's rushed judgement ? 
  he said that it 's pure speculation at the very beginning of his posting . 
  ca n't you read ? 
  and netanjahu was very fast to link this attack to iran . 
  is this a baseless distasteful speculation in your eyes too ? 
  angela shows some strange traits recently . 
  first she questions the competence of leading economists who oppose the direct pass through of taxes to international banks and now she puts herself above the law . 
  is she becoming a dictator ? 
   all we have is the german and french leaders taking the stage , especially when it comes to the troubles of late . 
  may i remind here that germany was pretty much pushed into this role . 
  this [ artikel ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2010/nov/24/germany-european-debt-euro-ireland ) and [ radoslaw sikorski 's appeal ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/easternapproaches/2011/11/polands-appeal-germany ) to germany to take more action come to my mind in this context . 
  crying : \u00b4 ) though the entry of the choir was too perfect somehow . 
  was n't it that monsanto seed is genetically modified in such a way that the the harvested seed is infertile ? 
  problem spotted , mistake described , same mistake proposed as solution . 
  because disaster . 
   what did he have against black men ? 
  lol . 
  the commissioner was female btw . 
  the us elections are this year , ours next year . 
  then comes christmas and after that - early in 2014 - we 'll learn about the real dimension of the crisis and are introduced to the abyss . 
  that 's my personal horror scenario time frame , 
  i really wonder who downvotes you . 
  while this is about a national decision , the esm should concern ** every ** eurozone taxpayer . 
  it 's not carved in stone that germany will always be doing as well economically as it does at the moment . 
  just 10 years ago we were the ill man of europe . 
   the delay also seems to throw this decision to around the timeline for german elections the next ( federal ) election will be held not before 1 . 
  sept 2013 . 
  that 's 14 months . 
  if you substract 2 months for campaining you have one year left . 
  the decision will most likely be much earlier . 
   in fact it makes it seem like there 's what you would call here `` corruption '' oh this typical kind of `` corruption '' where servere concerns about abuse of taxpayer 's money are taken serious ? 
   people and countries in the eurozone are losing faith that european leaders and institutions can make the euro work getting certainty about its democratic legitimation is more valuable than faith . 
  we had an equal opportunity commissioner who fought against the dominance of male stick-figures on traffic signs . 
  it 's just 20 years since the catholic church formally rehabilitated galileo galilei and der spiegel titeled my all time favorite headline : `` latest news from the vatican : the earth is round ! '', 
  yes he had the courage to enforce some unpopular but necessary measures that did cost him his job in the end . 
  at the end of the era kohl there were mass layoffs reported in the news on a daily base and production was outsourced to abroad , all to please the share holders . 
  the german workforce was n't competitive anymore . 
  stubborn insistence to keep existing old labor laws had led from a protection against a `` american hire and fire '' mentality to a `` just fire no hire '' reality . 
  for example did a special lay-off protection for older employees make it impossible for employers to hire them because they were basically unsackable and that showed in the jobless stats . 
  so in the end social romantic thought patterns of the classic class struggle were thrown over board and with a mix of wage moderation and labor law reforms germany was set back on the tracks and the changes led to lowest unemployment figures in decades and made germany a winner of the globalisation . 
  astute observation !, 
  they clearly overshot the mark , 
  innovative interest-rate rigging and creative book-keeping , 
  reform of the job markets and here especially the occupational re-trainings that were suddenly possible after 16 years of kohl , resistance against bush and his iraq war , nuclear power phase-out , renewable energy act . 
  late , but still an approval for a real good chancellor . 
  nice , even though it 's from a murdoch paper . 
  i also found schr\u00f6der 's stance against bush and his iraq war commendable . 
  did n't know about that . 
  that 's horrible . 
  i just wanted to point out that we are worse stereotyped for comedic purposes . 
  do you have link ( s ) at hand regarding the fatalities in the uk ? 
  oh come on , as a german you can be a pacifist your whole life and be open to other cultures but in the end you are always the nazi who is secretly planning something evil . 
  has nothing to do with plasma tvs . 
   in addition we seem to be the last people on earth who can be shamelessly stereotyped for comedic purposes . 
  sorry , but i afraid this is us the germans  just one , rather harmless , [ sample ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qen5-_93gqg ) . 
  and i must say that the majority of the pole jokes i 've heard where told to me by poles . 
   in other words , 16th century dutch people probably considered themselves germans as well as dutch , in a sense similar to how modern dutch people consider themselves dutch as well as european . 
  i think it 's even less dramatic . 
  the dutch spoke duits/diets/teutsch / deutsch , founded their state and named it after its landscape features . 
  the germans spoke duits/diets/teutsch / deutsch , founded a state centuries later and named it after the language . 
  do n't save just spend . 
  is a currency that 's is n't worth saving worth saving ? 
  culture culture culture !, 
  i think she left us and lives in her own world now . 
  sk\u00e5l !, 
  because italy and spain are better at football  joking aside it 's rumored that they blackmailed merkel to let the whole euro drive into the ground . 
  but maybe surprised_by_bigotry has a better explantion in the comment above .
