  it 's rare , it 's not their fault or decision and many people with such a condition have a hard time to identify for one . 
  that 's why i think it 's fair to speak of gender as a range between the 2 genders . 
  and i 'm not talking about people who live under the delusion that they 're a pirate . 
  i would never advocate to fulfill their dream of getting a leg amputated and i can not understand doctors who 'd do that . 
  buongiorno professore eonire , nice to meet you again and thanks for the warm words , 
  do n't like the german one . 
  it looks neither like an eagle nor german nor japanese . 
  the uk one is pretty uninspired too . 
  they are nailed up a bit sometimes but this is too much . 
  the other ones are really great , good job !, 
  hopefully from 2018 on jokes like this do n't even qualify as sarcastic anymore . 
  they though green would have a calming effect on the `` customers '' in the 70s . 
  before that some federal states had green , some had gray but most had blue . 
  since a few years they 're changing to blue again to make the `` wearers '' feel more comfortable . 
  it surely has an eye-relaxing effect on everybody . 
  even rhymes with guy, 
  the ( rhine ) hessian version would be dohoggediedieimmerdahogge . 
  scary that 51.89 % of the brits are like kieran . 
  i 'm just watching it and it 's everything else than low quality , neither in regards of information nor in regards of video quality . 
  thanks / u/yoyoa1 for posting this , it 's always interesting to listen to timothy snyder . 
  well , the uk might be forced to be reasonable for a while . 
  that 'd be a refreshing change if you ask me . 
  it grows on biomass though . 
  like manure and that 's what brexit is , a big pile of bs . 
  let the goddamn brexit run off into sand already and then let grass grow over it . 
  how about that britain ? 
  and we in turn pretend we have n't seen or heard anything . 
  let 's just forget it and not talk about it anymore . 
  in varietate concordia not accomplished . 
  as stylish as it looks , the design does not convey this core european idea , sorry . 
  you sacrifice historically grown identity to egalitarianism . 
  if something is too southern to be nordic . 
  big calatrava fan here . 
  just had a flashback . 
  does this radio station in the po valley that only plays punk music without * any * breaks or moderation still exist ? 
  you 're such a gifted whippersnapper !, 
  agree , [ +161 ] , [ +4 ] , [ +42 ] , [ +48 ] here . 
  * than = als then = wenn, 
  patience is a virtue  italians are never in a hurry , whether is eating , building relationships or going to vacation . 
  their moto is firs take a breath , and then finish all your responsibilities . 
  the italians can not understand the fast tempo in life . 
  sounds wonderful , you agree ? 
  rofl , someone has never been to italy , let alone seen their traffic . 
  or experienced what happens when a busload of them acustically ransacks a tranquil tyrolean mountain village or restaurant . 
   english `` time '' i think that does n't belong to the list . 
  i 'm too lazy to check it but its closeness to the latin tempus/temps/tiempo is obvious . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that the germanic word for time survived in the word `` tide '' . 
  i afraid you have a much too high opinion of `` real '' derivatives , 
  absolutely . 
  and it 's bitter that it hits small investors in this case . 
  why do n't they buy gold coins ? 
  i bet this will not the last scam involving gold . 
   if you can only go forward in small steps , you have to make sure they go in the right direction . 
  true . 
  this thread is about a referendum on the eu . 
  and in my opinion we , the voters , have to make sure that the referendum ( if it comes ) is about two right ways and not about a wrong way . 
  the threat in my eyes is that they are trying to bring esm/eurobonds through the backdoor via this referendum . 
  ok it will be about a change of the constitution but i think it 's important to fight that it is about the right purpose . 
  the two viable ways are either a fallback to national states or a democratic european federation with common fiscal/budgetary/monetary standards . 
  and once we have democratic european federation we can talk about eurobonds . 
  but not before . 
  of course democratic . 
  with fiscal/budgetary/monetary standards and a strong emphasis on regions . 
  where the voters can punish a bad regional economic policy and corruption . 
  that 's the best way in my opinion to tackle the crisis sustainably without falling back to the past . 
   fish ministers deciding over software patents ? 
  bizzare !, 
  the current situation that national ministers are mending around with a common currency is even more bizarre , 
   bavarians and frisians are more alike than french and greek , in all kinds of manners . 
  what kind of matters ? 
  i think they are all diverse . 
   what would we stand to gain from some kind of brussels enabling act , anyway ? 
  if you want an answer please remove enabling act from your question . 
  yes , like washington d.c. or like berlin . 
  you know , the centralized government of the federal republik of germany , where people as diverse as the bavarians and the frisian not only live peacefully together in one super state but also enjoy a high standard of living , 
   to me this seems like a populist way of buying voters no they start facing up to their biggest fear as politicians . 
  for the companies any certainty would be better than the current chaos . 
  i think they 're preparing for the worst case scenario regarding the constutional court 's pending decision about the esm . 
  `` worst case scenario '' from their point of view of course . 
  -- federal states of europe now !, 
  this is going to be funny  the funniest aspect though is in my eyes that these cds ( at least some ) could be a total bluff :d . 1 . 
  investment : 1 blank cd 2 . 
  claim you bought it for x million 2 . 
  name a swiss bank and hint at `` big names '' 4 . 
  tax dodgers voluntarily report themselves of tax evasion to prevent prosecution 5 . 
  they should really start to use something contemporary lke usb flash drives to stay credible . 
  those are not that expensive . 
  united democratic federation . 
  now . 
  well , at least before any financial/budgetary/fiscal decisions like the esm . 
  do n't insult my miele !, 
  that 's the best vacuum cleaner money can buy . 
  but i see are you one of these typical vacuum cleaner nationalists . 
  one ca n't debate with these people , 
  this argument is * way * to overstressed . 
  we export worldwide and german exports are made to a high percentage from imported goods . 
  there 's a reason why the slogan `` german engineering '' is used and not `` made in germany '' . 
  and these imported raw materials and pre-fabricated parts would get * cheaper * if we had our own strong currency . 
  the euro zone provides a large market without exchange rate risks though . 
  thanks !,
