in germany , deaths in traffic caused by drunk drivers make 10 % of the entire amount ( around 3000 ) . 
  the rest is mostly speeding and weather . 
  but the ones dying are not always the ones causing the problems . 
  there are still far more innocent deaths in traffic than through terrorist attacks . 
  btw : in germany , dying because of terrorism right now is most likely because of racism/nationalism . 
  since the end of the raf , that is the only kind of organized terrorism here . 
  still , it goes widely unnoticed , since it is never spectacular or flashy . 
  deaths through organized crime are also far more common than terrorism . 
  summarized , if you are a white male , your chance of dying in a terrorist attack in germany is basically zero . 
  if you are a foreigner , it is still low , but there is a chance . 
  however , traffic is , no matter how you look at , far more dangerous . 
  edit : making things a bit clearer, 
  well , i would like to explain why the numbers really look fucked up ( 35 % rapes caused by foreigners ) : 1 . 
  the vast majority of cases of sexual abuse happen within the family and have no consequences ( sadly ) . 
  that is true for most western countries , however , very traditional and conservative christian family structures in austria worsen this situation . 
  austria lives through tourism , summer and winter . 
  that means , there are always lots of tourists in the city . 
  a lot of foreign people also kind of permanently/semi-permanently live and work in austria . 
  the 9 % you mentioned is far less than the perventage of foreigners being in austria right now . 
  i am very confused by the numbers , however . 
  they suggest that only 6.4 % of the convictions ( all in all 7-8 cases ) are non austrian eu members . 
  hard to believe , since most foreigners in austria are eu citizens ( most of them from germany or italy ) . 
  thats the lesson from it : religion will not make somebody kill people . 
  personal world views will . 
  you will not kill someone because a book tells you to . 
  you do it , because you think it is the right thing to do . 
  simple . 
  you may refer to a book , but only because the message it brings across ( or , even lesser : the one you want to see in it ) fits your already twisted world view . 
  as long as we do not understand that , and blame imaginary friend cults for it , we are hunting ghosts . 
  germans need no religion for mass murder . 
  the world should have learned that about us ... 
  i have met bad germans . 
  but i have met mostly germans , so i guess that just goes with it . 
  as far as i can see , the warning is more than necessary . 
  not just for the us . 
  for the entire western hemisphere . 
  actually , i do n't know . 
  i do that on english speaking subreddits , as some of them do not like the use of cursewords . 
  of course not . 
  however , back then , it is not clear if it was a war crime at all . 
  today , it would definitely be ( because it was directed at civilians ) . 
  back then , each side already had attacked civilians at several occasions . 
  and the nazis pretty much started that ( by attacking london with rockets , as well as civil ships with u-boats ) . 
  the official reason for the bombardement in dresden was to `` demoralize '' the public in fear of resistance movements . 
  a dumb strategy , as was later pointed out . 
  well , except that i am not blonde , i would be the perfect german for them . 
  the point of all of this is : although it is neveryour fault what happened in the past , you ca n't change it . 
  and hate it or love it : you are always a part of the country you are from . 
  in one or another way , it will always follow you . 
  so its up to you what to do with it . 
  and man , i like the german way of the past years . 
  taking all these ideals that america made big ( and that made america big ) and building a good society on it . 
  proving that hatred and fear will never get you as far as cooperation and trust . 
  i grew up in a world where germany , france and great britain called each other allies . 
  and europe has never seen better days . 
  of course , yeah , but today , that is less influential than the time germany was divided . 
  the east has a stronger problem with nazis , but in the big cities , the left side is usually stronger ( mostly because of students ) . 
  while there were a lot of deaths , the dresden bombardements , for most germans , fall under the category : well , thats war . 
  i , for myself , know about how japan got bombed ( hiroshima often lets us forget the tokyo bombardement ) . 
  or what treblinka was ( the mere existence of that camp in history is a disgrace for mankind ) . 
  there is a german saying : wo gehobelt wird , fallen sp\u00e4ne . 
  basically means : where you work , there is dirt . 
  if you start a war , you get bombed . 
  we need a gif with the scene from indepence day , where will smith punches the alien in the face . 
  with the sentence `` welcome to germany '', 
  garbage in the wrong can ? 
  shitty thing to do , but normally no one cares , if it is not happening frequently/in large amounts . 
  jaywalking ? 
  yeah , if it is not in a dangerous situation , the worst you will get is some disgusted looks . 
  spilling beer ? 
  i am a franconian . 
  do that here , and we beat you all th eway to cologne , where you have beer that can be spilled . 
  and the rest : why would you even do that ? 
  anywhere ? 
  i really do n't get it . 
  well , to be fair , there is the difference of a huge genocide between those ideologies , so there is that . 
  just being an a ** hole sadly is not shameful enough that society is doing enough against it . 
  there always needs to be something really bad happening before people start thinking . 
  that story kind of makes me proud . 
  if the prevailing picture of germany is like this , then it all makes sense . 
  i always try best to make sure other people think like your dad , too . 
  well , the movie is not very good . 
  it is based on an american book , and the story plays in the us , where it makes sense . 
  they did n't change the story well enough to be realistic . 
  the experiment would definitely not work in germany the same way . 
  well , it seems you got yourself some nasty nazi-infection in your last election . 
  good luck with that , was n't pretty when we got it back then . 
  try to treat it in an early stage , nasty , but acceptable . 
  late stage treatment is , well , quite painful . 
  never seen it happening , does it happen that often ? 
  yep , sums it up . 
  violence is wrong , but come on . 
  we all know what nazis do . 
  we all know how they were defeated . 
  hate me , but i consider punching a nazi in the face a true act of german patriotism . 
  just not too hard , he should learn a lesson , not more . 
  berlin or hamburg would have been worse . 
  nuremberg too . 
  he just picked the entirely `` wrong '' part of the city, 
  when i went to the us , we were lectured in class about what to do and what not to do for two hours .
