some of us are optimists , but i admit you have a point . 
  we love moaning about everything . 
  they love our cake in france . 
  hahahaha . 
  it appears so x ), 
  i 've seen someone else replying to you with exactly the same thing as i 'm about to tell you : poland joined the eu in 2004 . 
  not the 90s , 
  your comment has me crying with laughter . 
  i do n't even understand what he 's trying to say, 
  i agree with you , i do think that scotland needs to stand alone now so that it is n't dragged into england 's mess . 
  i say that with a heavy heart as an english person who loves scotland , but i mean it . 
  you majority voted to stay in , you should get to stay . 
  i only wish those of us who voted remain in england could stay with you somehow !, 
  i 'm sure we 'll figure out a way . 
  [ / u/borafan ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/borafan ) , let 's make a pact to escape in the next 2 years !, 
  you 're completely right . 
  i really do n't appreciate you making assumptions about how i see myself . 
  as i said , you are entitled to your view on the eu matter , and i respect your opinion on that . 
  i am not willing to dignify this with a proper response , as i have every right to think the way i do without you dismissing me as a ` self-loathing liberal ' . 
  i respect what you have to say , but i will not engage in discussion with you . 
  exactly . 
  however , i do agree with what [ / u/big-bad-wolf ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/big-bad-wolf ) said , as it 's now fast turning into a bid for them to uphold their pride . 
  the leave lot are desperately trying to save face and it 's actually just making them look even more arrogant and foolish . 
  precisely . 
  pretentious , lying , out of touch narcissists . 
  oh for fuck 's sake , just when i thought we could n't get any lower . 
  between all of them , they 're going to royally screw us over . . even more than they already have . 
  someone needs to get farage out before he ruins any chances of a decent negotiation deal - this kind of behaviour is unacceptable . 
  hahahaha , brilliant . 
  exactly . 
  boris , farage et al deserve a slap back from the eu . 
  they 're unbearable and the sense of entitlement is unreal . 
  they made shitty , false promises to the public - they 've made their bed , they can lie in it and deal with the shit that is inevitably coming their way . 
  sadly our politicians made promises they could n't keep , and the eu leaders know this . 
  rather than admit to their mistakes , they let their pride take over and now our country is in this mess . 
  i fully agree with you , it should n't need to be said . 
  it 's about time our politicians got a dressing down . 
  well , tbh , i think the bojo et al are now backtracking because they realise we will be fucked either way . 
  there 's a real reluctance from everyone to start the process to leave , now that it 's actually becoming real . 
  they absolutely can not have their cake and eat it . 
  there ca n't be access to trade markets without free movement , the eu just wo n't allow it . 
  and i think the leave lot are now realising just how entangled we are in the eu , and just how much we do actually need them for trade . 
  completely restarting and doing all trade agreements from scratch will be a long , tumultuous process that i do n't think any of them are prepared to take on . 
  look at the edit . . yeah . 
  this is our future leader , everyone . 
  sauces : [ gove ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/22/cameron-gove-has-lost-it-in-comparing-anti-brexit-economists-to-nazi-experts ) [ bojo ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/may/16/german-politicians-criticise-boris-johnson-for-eu-hitler-comments ) enjoy . 
  edit : [ bonus bojo shite ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1mvzytx5zg ) , because it makes me want to laugh/cry . 
  it is , yep . 
  they know that will greatly affect whatever deal we end up with, 
  we deserve it to be honest . 
  besides , boris is clearly delusional - wanting access to single market without free movement , what ?!, 
  - and has absolutely no plans . 
  they 're calling our bluff , they know we 're in the shit . 
  they 'll be aware that boris hid for the entire weekend after his supposedly victorious win . 
  they 're sick of the special treatment being ungratefully received . 
  also , gloves are off after bojo and gove 's wonderfully thought out nazi comments . 
  so yeah , you 're right - it 's perfectly justifiable . 
  you 're completely right . 
  it is delusional . 
  i see where you 're coming from in a way , but a lot of us have n't had a voice in deciding whether it 's fptp or otherwise . 
  similarly , a lot of us also did n't get the outcome we wanted in the ge or this recent fuck up of a referendum - which should never have happened . 
  the whole thing was a total mess . 
  we were not aware that we would be betrayed on this scale by our own politicians . 
  it could 've happened to any country . 
  it just means that , in the uk and eu ( and further away ) , we all have to live with some people 's mistakes . 
  none of us are happy about it . 
  honestly , some of us did our best . 
  it just was n't enough . 
  the remain camp failed , the leave camp lied , it 's all a huge mess . 
  me too . 
  eea would be my dream at this point . 
  i think tbh it 's the only viable option unless we really want to fuck our own country up entirely . 
  haha !, 
  banging my head against the wall !, 
  ca n't believe the delusion :(, 
  i hope so . 
  i hope i can get out just in time !, 
  and yeah , you 're right . 
  i do n't think the eu is going to let us stay in the single market/any market without free movement . 
  you 're right . 
  they are awful !, 
  i do think we will reach something with a free movement deal , i do n't think that will be avoided . 
  i would judge the sitch next month . 
  if it 's chaos , avoid . 
  we 're now in the same boat , it 's okay < 3, 
  i 'm not degree-qualified , so it will hinder me an awful lot , despite me being able to speak the language of the country i want to go to . 
  i might have to try to go on a student visa to get to a uni , but it 's going to be complicated unless we manage to reach an eea type deal . 
  i know . 
  i 'm still in disbelief . 
  the shit going down in parliament as well is not helping anything . 
  it just makes me want to get out even more . 
  i was hoping to move myself , in about a year 's time , but somehow i do n't think that 's going to be possible anymore . 
  it is humbling because a lot of us realise just how big-headed and ignorant some people in our country are , especially the politicians . 
  it just makes me sad that it 's come to this , and that we have probably ( ha ) ruined our relationships with a lot of countries . 
  we are n't as great as we think we are and everyone knows it . 
  hahaha , i did think about saying ` faff about ' but i think that 's even harder to explain than ` bugger ' . 
  seriously though , i am sorry . 
  a lot of us were aware of this and never wanted it to happen . 
  and others . . well . 
  they 've still got their heads in the sand for now , but i hope they get them out damn fast to see the spectacular shit storm we 've caused for everyone .
