  we 're so thankful for all the amazing things we 've shared and experienced with you , and we hope that somehow in the future that can continue . 
  and , most of all , we 're so sorry that this is happening . 
  we wish it could be different . 
  the thing is , we can be resourceful , but the young people are really looked down on by some of the older generation . 
  like i said , we 're divided . 
  not only by age , but by class too , and the divides are just widening . 
  how are we supposed to be resourceful when everyone is so full of hatred and contempt for one another ? 
  yep , unfortunately it is true . . this is why the referendum should n't have happened . 
  a decision as big as this should never have been given to the public , because it 's fucked us all over - even though some people actively refuse to acknowledge that . 
  for some , it was a ` yolo ' vote , because they did n't believe anything would happen . 
  i saw one man commenting on a thread here earlier saying about how his wife voted leave because she did n't believe we would , so just did it because why not , and he voted remain . 
  he said she woke up yesterday feeling very sorry . 
  for others , it was a protest vote against our own government and therefore nothing to do with the eu . 
  others voted to get cameron out . 
  others voted because they thought it would be ` funny ' and ' a laugh ' to potentially have boris as pm . 
  others voted because they were fed lies that are now coming undone very fast . 
  others genuinely think it 's the best for the country after doing their own research , which i can respect , but as for the others . . well , it 's for this reason that the leave side are feeling the full force of anger from the remain side . 
  and yes , some of them very much regret it now the reality is setting in . 
  there have been phone calls to radio stations saying they did n't realise the consequences , statuses on facebook apologising for voting leave , interviews on tv etc. 
  however , there are some people that do n't , and do n't seem to realise where the stabilisation money came from . 
  never mind the deficit or the fact that we lost # 200bn in the space of a few hours the day the result came out , and caused other trading markets to suspend . 
  but , you know , we 're just throwing our toys out of the pram . 
  the young kids are clueless and should n't be allowed to vote , because our grandparents worked hard in ww2 to give us our country back and we need to regain our sovereignty and the spoilt , lazy millennials do n't understand what it is to work / s. 
  the irony is that we have kept our sovereignty , because the eu allowed us to keep our own currency and our own laws . 
  and people do n't realise that the eu protected us from our government , and the hardships they put on us , at times . 
  they do n't realise the extent of the funding . 
  so , really , it 's them throwing the toys out of the pram . 
  our politicians are already backtracking and stalling and everyone in the eu is aware of it , lies are starting to come out , people are starting petitions for another ref/for optional eu citizenship/for london to become an eu state , and those with dual irish/eu country nationality are being urged to get passports . 
  the eu has said it will come down pretty hard on the uk . 
  a lot of people are saying that china , the usa etc have already approached us about setting up trade agreements . 
  i do n't know how much weight these claims actually hold , but i ca n't imagine much as they 're made by the same people who say ` look , the pound has risen again ' even though that 's the bailout money working there . 
  the politicians are too busy fighting amongst themselves to lead the country and keep us informed . 
  they do n't have a plan . 
  the leave side were not expecting to win , so we do n't have any idea what we 're doing . 
  and , to be honest , i do n't think any of them want to be the one remembered in history for potentially breaking up the uk . 
  i saw an amazing [ comment ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/live/2016/jun/25/brexit-live-emergency-meetings-eu-uk-leave-vote ) on the guardian earlier . 
  if you scroll down to the bottom , it 's the ` guardian pick ' comment . 
  and now we have eu leaders calling our bluff . 
  it really is an embarrassing time for the english and the welsh . 
  we ca n't blame the n irish or the scots for this stupid mess . 
  that 's precisely it . 
  and , the problem is , the divide is opening up because they 're saying things like ` do something about it then ' , ` you had everything handed to you on a plate , you do n't know what it is to work ' etc , when we really do . 
  we 're already dealing and set to deal with a lot of ruined things they left/will leave behind . 
  this is only aggravating the anger that is already there . 
  we know , that 's the saddest thing , a lot of us who took the time to really think about our decisions figured out just how much we rely on eu funding for our education and health service . 
  the leave campaign focused on 4 main arguments to leave , ones that would get the voters in easily , and remain just failed to step up to the mark and show how much the eu actually does for us . 
  it will happen with time , the lies have already begun unravelling and people are wanting to go back on their votes . 
  it 's such a shame and so embarrassing . 
  the misinformation on both sides was appalling and has probably made our country lose any hope of stability any time soon , unless we manage to miraculously go back on our decision . . which the eu probably wo n't allow , and i do n't really blame them . 
  i just wish it was different . 
  sounds like a good plan to me - may just join you on that one . 
  that 's the majority of us young people to be honest . 
  we 're absolutely distraught at what our country has done this time , and it 's so much worse because we know there will be no going back . 
  we know we 're turning our backs on so many good things , giving up our voice to help change things in the eu . 
  it 's like our future 's being ripped out of our hands . 
  of course there are imperfections , but there 's so much that some of us love about the eu . 
  and now we have no way to improve those imperfections , we have no way to negotiate or build a stable future within it . 
  to be honest , i really resent the fact that i will be trying to build my career and my home life in this unstable environment . 
  it makes me so ashamed and i 'm afraid of what the future will bring . 
  mm : / they 're both bad in their own ways . 
  mlp has the upper hand in terribleness though , j' avoue , 
  please save those of us who want to remain , i do n't think i can watch boris become pm, 
  i 'm so sorry you see us this way :( please know it 's not all of us who want this, 
  yeah i think they did . . 
  it 's such a shame . 
  really throws a spanner in the works for a lot of people . 
  me too , really wondering what will happen to erasmus and all that . 
  i just wish they 'd set plans in place for something like this happening , even though i know it 's not really possible to . 
  just some sort of stability would be nice :(, 
  me too . 
  i 'm trying to get over there for a year so i can get my language level up to c1 , then go to uni . 
  i do n't know how much people took these things into consideration when voting . 
  it 's certainly a really worrying time for those of us who love travelling and want a cheaper option to study while getting cultural/linguistic immersion :(, 
  in that case , i apologise , 
  i wish !, 
  i do n't have the means to support myself right now ( previous student , so i 'm broke ) so i 'll probably have to work for a while before i can afford to do it . 
  or i could just say ` fuck it ' , go , and see what happens . 
  who knows . 
  thank you , though  i 'm sure it will be entertaining to see what happens to us over the next few months !, 
  i never pretended that , please point out where i said ` the remain side was completely innocent of any dumb shit . ', 
  you should understand that while i am sad and disappointed because this is not what i voted and hoped for , i understand that we all want the best for our country in whatever way that may be . 
  i respect that people have different opinions , but voting out of spite is stupid . 
  i am well aware that neither side has been innocent in this whole farce . 
  as someone hoping to move to europe in the next year , i feel you . 
  i do n't know if it 's worth me getting over there asap to avoid having to jump through tons of hoops to do it . 
  very , very disappointed and sad . 
  please be nice < 3 some of us ( myself included ) absolutely love your country and have family and friends there . 
  some of us really , really do n't want to leave the eu . 
  i would be a cleaner in a hotel just to gtfo at this point, 
  your country is beautiful !, 
  but , as my name maybe hints , i really want to be in france . . though i can see that becoming difficult . 
  unfortunately some people actually did that . 
  some of us really , really do n't want to go :(, 
  honestly , it has n't . 
  even a quick google search shows that at most , there are plans to have ` talks ' - not that they will definitely be joining the eu . 
  i respect your opinion though i do n't agree , and i really hope it brings you what you 're hoping for for our country . 
  i know in our own ways we all just want the best . 
  it is as much of a mess . 
  we even have our own trump lookalike  but thank you . 
  i think a lot of us are extremely disappointed .
