  no , i know . 
  i think it 's one of those times where you do n't know whether to laugh or cry , because it 's so awful . 
  all this damage done . 
  no wonder they all look sick and scared . 
  we lost a lot of trust and good relations in the past 3 days . 
  i know , and i 'm sorry that all this is happening . 
  our country has always had an overinflated ego and i think everyone 's seeing just how big it is now . 
  and they 're also seeing the absolute mess our politicians are in . 
  i hope to god that a decision to either backtrack or become part of the eea/other trade agreement is made soon . 
  the uncertainty is not good for anyone , and it 's selfish of some of us to assume that the rest of the world can wait for us to bugger about and take our sweet time . 
  i ca n't tell you how embarrassing this feels as an english person . 
  the eu and rest of world must be laughing their heads off . 
  we deserve it after all the special treatment which has been nicely repaid by the fucking stupidity of our politicians and public . 
  and as a remainer , i 'm happy to have an eea . 
  well [ this has happened ] ( https://twitter.com/williamw1/status/747390633292218368 ) so who knows what will happen . 
  i am desperately hoping bojo eats humble pie and faces the wrath of the public instead of blindly leading us into god knows what . 
  [ does n't look like we 'll be getting the eea deal ] ( https://twitter.com/williamw1/status/747390633292218368 ) . 
  i was hoping for free movement at least but it now seems like that wo n't be happening . 
  it 's just a wreck . 
  i was n't saying that . 
  some of my family used it as a protest vote , i should have been clearer . 
  you 're right . 
  and now we 've all pissed in our own bed and there 's no one to help change the sheets . 
  it 's gon na be uncomfortable for a while . 
  i know , and we definitely deserve the shittier deal . 
  some of us recognise the special snowflake status our country has had and think it 's about time some of us got woken up to the real world  you 're exactly right there . 
  it was anything but a glorious victory . 
  only farage looked delighted . 
  i do n't necessarily like cameron all that much but i did laugh when he stepped down , as boris really deserves to be fucked over . 
  i understand why , you live in a beautiful country , 
  i agree , even though it makes me sad that our politicians have allowed this to happen and made it even more embarrassing for all of us by playing their stupid games . 
  it was a massive ` fuck you ' from the leave side , and the eu have been watching all along - big mistake . 
  absolutely colossal mistake . 
  as a remainer , i would be happy to accept an eea with freedom of movement . 
  i do n't think the leave side would be , but as someone else said , i very highly doubt that after everything that 's happened the eu would be willing to make allow us access to the common market without freedom of movement . 
  we deserve the punishment of not having a say . 
  i 'm not exactly overjoyed about it , but i know that it 's about time we got told where to go after all the shit that 's been thrown . 
  i do n't think most people can comprehend the magnitude of this fuck up and the damage it 's going to do . 
  i think we may have tested their patience one too many times . 
  but yes , i 'm hoping that they allow that too . 
  i 'm hoping they take pity on the half of us who do n't want to leave . 
  that 's a big ask though , as they have let us dictate a lot of what goes on and we 've now thrown that back in their faces . 
  pretty safe to say we wo n't have that privilege anymore . 
  our other punishment is the shame and embarrassment of looking like even more of a twat to the other eu countries , as well as the us and canada . 
  oh yes but now we are free !, 
  never mind that the stock markets are crashing and people are being shouted at in the street to ` go back to where you came from ' , britain is strong and conquered every nation back in the day !, 
  we 'll get an amazing trade deal because the eu will come crawling back begging for us !, 
  we 're better than them , we 'll rise from the ashes and be great again !, 
  you lost , get over it !, 
  / s and then we get an eea deal , if we 're lucky , and they 'll realise that actually nothing will change at all except we wo n't have the power to change laws . 
  the leave campaign promised unobtainable things and people fell for them , and are still in denial over them . 
  voting out to reform the eu was not the way to go about it after they have accommodated our demands so many times . 
  why they ever thought trusting the public with this decision was a good idea , i do not know !, 
  remember this is a man who is severely out of his depth . 
  it 's becoming painfully obvious that he knows he 's in the shit . 
  i agree with you there . 
  i wish they 'd just void the decision and hold another ref in a few years when we 've got someone who is actually capable of setting up a plan and negotiating with the eu , but the damage has definitely already been done . 
  i hope other countries learn from the selfishness and idiocy shown by our politicians . 
  to be fair , i do n't really blame dc for that one . 
  boris went from friend and partner to changing his position purely to make cameron resign . 
  also , i suspect cameron knew boris has absolutely no idea what he 's doing , and so is enjoying watching him squirm . 
  it 's such a dick move for them to get the public entangled in their stupid political games . 
  i completely understand . 
  my family are northern so i get to see the effects , and i am sympathetic . 
  i just do n't believe that using this as a protest vote was the right idea , that 's all . 
  i definitely think that there should be a more equal spread of funding , but the issue now is that we wo n't have that money to spend , especially if we end up with an eea deal . 
  i think that 's where people have helped the government to fuck them over . 
  financial sector should definitely be more regulated , i agree . 
  it is frustrating ( even from in the south ) to see how much money gets spent there sometimes . 
  i think it 's too late , we 've already set the wheels in motion for that one . 
  it must be hysterical for the outside looking in , but for me it just feels like a car crash in slow motion . 
  i know :( it 's honestly such a shame . 
  do you think that moving abroad in a year would be a possibility ? 
  i kind of do n't want to deal with what is happening to this country . 
  i 'm sure . 
  but i 'm also sure they probably would n't intentionally screw over your country , publicly , in an attempt to further their political career and then play a game of hide and seek when they do n't get the result they 're expecting , and subsequently have no plan for it !, 
  mr sch\u00e4uble has claimed we wo n't be allowed access . 
  it 's just gone too far this time . 
  boris should go crawling back and apologise for being a twat , then have to humiliate himself by coming back here and telling us all what we already know - that it is n't a good idea to leave . 
  if we get an eea deal , there will be massive outrage from the leave side of the uk . 
  ` but muh sovereignty ! ', 
  those of us who voted remain are really hoping for a backtrack or for pity from the eu and a good negotiation deal , as the lies of the leave campaign are coming undone very fast . 
  if we leave , we know we open a can of worms that will not only possibly break up the uk but harm the eu as well . 
  hell , it 's already half open . 
  me too . 
  it would be even more of a disaster than it already is . 
  would n't put it past our crap ` politicians ' though . 
  thought [ this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jun/25/boris-johnson-michael-gove-eu-liars?cmp=share_iosapp_other ) might interest you , if you have n't seen it already . 
  i 'm reading the comments and noticing that there 's even a lot of hate there . 
  the whole ` you lost , get over it ' mentality is not helping to ` heal ' as boris wants us to . 
  yeah , i think you 're right . 
  london and the finance sector is pretty hated by the north , it seems . 
  it will be a massive hit if it goes . 
  when it goes , i mean , if we definitely do leave . 
  to be honest , i think everyone is starting to realise ( except the extreme hardcore leave voters ) we 've been had , and that this whole thing was boris ' attempt to gain some traction in the tory party . 
  just saw [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/sunny_hundal/status/747060565839839240 ) which basically tells us all we need to know . 
  gove is just his little puppet , and now dc has completely screwed them both over . 
  yeah he 's definitely good at that , i agree . 
  i do n't think that anyone like that is the right person to handle any negotiations with the eu , though . 
  it would only rile them more .
