  welcome to uk politics , my friend, 
  yeah . . ha . . about that . . 
  that last bit made me crack up . 
  people have absolutely no idea of the consequences of their vote , or refuse to acknowledge it . 
  i can not believe they put this decision up for public vote . 
  what the hell were they thinking ?!, 
  i also do n't understand the obsession with farage . 
  he 's no longer an mp . 
  and i do n't actually believe that bojo and gove believe what they 've been saying . 
  lots of people are angry at dc , but i actually applaud him for stepping down and leaving those two idiots in the mess they 've created . 
  that being said , the referendum should never have happened in the first place anyway . 
  you 're right . 
  although , i will say merkel is being less urgent about it than anyone really expected , which may mean they 're open to negotiation . 
  that is n't to say i do n't think we deserve to be laughed out of the room , because we do . 
  the amount of contempt some people hold for those who do n't share their side is awful . 
  the problem is , regardless of whether we like it or not , it 's only going to widen these gaps , increase racism , breed hatred . 
  i would say that to me , one side seems much more intolerant than the other , but that 's my opinion . 
  i personally do n't hold people 's decisions against them as long as they were made with conviction and a good amount of research behind them , even if i do n't agree with them . 
  but i will admit it has been a challenge keeping my cool when i see that people have made misinformed decisions and now wish to change them . 
  they know that they have essentially tricked a lot of voters into choosing leave because of false promises . 
  they do n't have a plan , that 's clear . 
  the disappearance of boris and gove after what should have been a glorious victory told us everything we need to know . 
  it 's such a sorry state of affairs . 
  they 're going to laugh in his face . 
  after all the demands we have made in the past , placing more on the eu when they 're already furious is not going to go down well . 
  it 's clear he is attempting to tread water , but he has nowhere to go . 
  he 's fucked and he knows it . 
  either way , there will be uproar . 
  the thing is , it 's like a hot potato - no one wants to pick it up , least of all boris , because it will end their political career . 
  no informal talks have been held , and yet again he 's making promises he ca n't keep . 
  i read on the guardian today that the eu may refuse talks until someone triggers brexit . 
  it seems like no one is willing to , and i really do n't think that dc should be the one to do it . 
  i would like to see boris handle this one , after his dithering between the two campaigns . 
  i just ca n't get my head around the sheer amount of denial going on . 
  in the north , particularly , people voted because of immigration . 
  it was one of their main arguments for leaving , they knew this and capitalised on it . 
  for god 's sake . 
  how can he deny that when there have been notes left for polish people outside schools telling them to leave , and ` immigrants ' are being shouted at in the streets ? 
  i do n't understand how anyone can overlook that . 
  yes , it 's about control too , i think all of us recognise that the eu needs reform , but if he negotiates an eea type deal , we wo n't have any say . . which only worsens the problem . 
  either way , there will be uproar from both sides . 
  i do n't know . 
  his statement about reaching out and making peace with one another was incredibly misguided when so much hatred has been brought about . 
  some of my friends have lost their friends due to disagreements over this . 
  i have a feeling this whole thing really does not bode well for the uk and the divides that already exist here , and that makes me really sad and ashamed . 
  he may be talking about visas . 
  but , as usual , it 's vague because no one has a fucking clue . 
  me too . 
  i see so many people saying ` we do n't need them , they need us !, 
  ' , when we account for something like 0.2 % of eu imports , and all we 've done is have one foot out the door the entire time . 
  they 've more than accommodated our requests and we turn around and absolutely smack them in the face with it . 
  to be frank , we would be lucky not to be shoved out on our arse alone right now . 
  there are even people convinced that the eu will ` come crawling back ' , as though our trade agreements and workers rights are n't down to our being a part of the union ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  and i do n't understand how bojo has the gall to promise all these things , when the leave side have backtracked/denied several of their promises now . 
  our government is completely and utterly incompetent . 
  to be honest i do n't think bojo has much of an idea what he 's talking about . 
  i really do think he 's going to get absolutely shat on when attempting to negotiate . 
  i would laugh , but seeing as i live in the uk , i actually ca n't bring myself to . 
  their careers are finished anyway , they 've already made sure of that . 
  both labour and tory parties are falling apart and it 's clear no one has any idea what they 're doing . 
  i do n't know whether to laugh or cry at this sorry state of affairs . 
  it really is so embarrassing . 
  you see why a lot of us are so angry , then . 
  because we lost out , we are losing out and we will lose out . 
  apparently , there will be an eu meeting on tuesday to decide what 's going to happen . 
  ` leave ' people repeatedly say ` we have our sovereignty and freedom back ' , ` we can just negotiate a deal like switzerland or norway ' but they do not realise that we still have to pay our money in ( with no rebate ) if we attempt to get an eea deal . 
  it 's ridiculous the amount of misguidance that still exists , and the lies that are so blatant . 
  people still believe that our exit would/will ( hopefully not will ) mean that all the ` foreigners/muslims ' leave , and that immigration stops . 
  the day the result came out , an mep admitted that immigration will not be altered . 
  so . . yeah . 
  as i used to study german ( i remember very little now ) , i had the opportunity to visit k\u00f6ln and i completely fell in love . 
  everyone was so friendly and welcoming , and your country has worked so hard to move on from its past . 
  there will always be crazy people , there will always be issues , but on the whole i felt that the country was very peaceful . 
  progressing from such a negative past is so difficult but you 've managed to do it through education , understanding and acceptance . 
  i think that the problem with england is that some people never got out of the empire mindset , and have yet to realise we are n't that country anymore and that we do n't have the power we did back in the day when we were colonising everywhere . 
  the world is different now . 
  people generally just want peace and unity . 
  those who do n't are left behind . 
  it makes me really sad to think that the animosity that exists towards us already will grow , as so many did n't want this . 
  i 'm really sorry that people are being ignorant enough to message you things like that . 
  this really has brought out the worst in people , and i think a lot of us are really disappointed in those who refuse to be forward-thinking or even just accepting of other people . 
  i honestly believe that some of it is probably bravado and a refusal to accept what they already know inside : they fucked up . 
  you 're completely right , except i would say that the politicians did purposely use inflammatory and dividing subjects - on which some people are extremely misinformed - in order to manipulate . 
  but this is the thing , the reason this whole thing happened was because of politicians vying for getting the role of pm . 
  we have had people switching sides just to further their political career . 
  that does not help the unrest that is already here , and it just makes people want more dramatic and different solutions/what appear to be solutions in order to make things change . 
  so it 's no real surprise that there is an intolerance when that 's what we 've been taught , and when all we 've been told is that ' x is the eu 's fault ' etc for the past knows however long . 
  it 's for this reason that people believe issues like immigration are an eu-caused problem , when in actual fact it 's more of a national issue , as we have just found out from daniel hannan , an mep that openly said we will still have the same immigration numbers in or out of the eu . 
  i 'm glad that germany learnt from its past and is more peaceful . 
  i hope that one day we can do the same thing . 
  i just want to say i 'm so sorry for whatever this ends up causing , because it will hurt us all . 
  some of us ( myself included ) are looking to get to europe before it 's too late and the 2 years are up . 
  other than that , i hope we manage to turn this around somehow , whether that 's by grovelling to the eu leaders or trying to mend the gaps between classes in our country ( which will not happen , as at the moment all this is making those divides bigger and more vicious ) . 
  however , i do n't have much faith in my government to guide us through the whole thing or even to grovel , so i guess i 'll stick to making my plans to get out . 
  thank you so much for taking the time to read my comments and reply with such thoughtful and interesting replies . 
  it 's been a real pleasure speaking to you  danke sch\u00f6n !, 
  if you need anything at all or would like to talk more at any point , do n't hesitate to pm me !, 
  thank you , take care of your friends and loved ones and just know that those of us wanting to remain send you all lots of hope for the future and our best wishes , no matter what happens . 
  to us , you will always be welcome here and we 're proud to have had you as our partners .
