i predict a big decrease in refugee supporting from september . 
  there was a big hype with #welcomerefugees but now they are here and the problems are just started . 
  very easy to support refugees in theory but in practice ... every supporting article in this topic creates hundreds of refugees . 
  just the balkan route has a traffic of 8-10k migrants / day to germany . 
  they will work in germany illegally . 
  there is always a war on the middle east but nobody thought that merkel just call the refugees in . 
  she even announced that unlimited number of refugee can come . 
  now unlimited number of refugee come . 
  ok , the flee itself is sad but the outcome is nice . 
  on the other hand these quantity of refugees way too much and the speed of the flow is also extreme . 
  merkel accelerated the flow with false hopes and it is very sad . 
  looks like germany will run out of time . 
  merkel should declare `` migrants go home '' hourly now . 
  a huge mass is in false hope due to merkel 's promises . 
  and they are just coming . 
  the crisis is permanent . 
  remember peace on the middle east ? 
  never was peace there . 
  for the future just look at the demographics : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_middle_east, 
  these are really sad stories but europe has a limited capacity . 
  we ca n't offer flats , houses and jobs everyone who wants . 
  we ca n't help everybody . 
  merkel did a big mistake with these false hopes . 
  now so many people thinks that there is a heaven on the earth where everybody got a good life . 
  just ask a refuge where do you want to go ? 
  they will answer with germany . 
  what do you think , why ? 
  the refugees stated that do n't want to stay in serbia , croatia , hungary ... 
  they riot with `` no fingerprint , no figerprint '' signs . . 
  they have always have a merkel poster ... that was the mistake . 
  she should change this refugee friendly politic or she should resign . 
  i think this is a half true . 
  you are right that the middle east countries has serious problems but they always have . 
  refugees are a common thing there . 
  there are huge refugee camps in jordan , turkey , lebanon ... and i think they should stay there . 
  there are so many country is in trouble . 
  it is not a solution to export the problem somewhere else . 
  because there will no place on the earth which will be safe then . 
  the refugees like to go to 4 way * america - not really an option as too far with an ocean , from south there is a big fence * australia - also an ocean , and they do n't welcome refugees * rich arabian countries - they do n't let them in * europe - well , there was a serious miss communication here . 
  merkel and germany basically call them in . 
  that was a really big mistake . . 
  if germany and merkel just do nothing and start talking about numbers ( germany accept 20k carefully cherry picked refugees for 5 years ) then the huge mass just stay there were they was . 
  now merkel did that mistake and she just want to fix it with a bigger one . 
  she want to distribute the refugees across europe . 
  this is a stupid move as those refugees do n't want to stay non-rich europien countries and those non-rich countries really ca n't do anything with them . 
  i think germany just should remove merkel asap . 
  i have no information on this . 
  it would be nice to cooperate . 
  the migrant flow is somewhere 5-10k / day now so austria should calculate these numbers . 
  there is no fence between croatia and hungary but it is under construction . 
  the fence is between serbia and hungary . 
  and croatia mass transport refugees next to the hungarian border ... so hungary do the same but with austria ... and austria do the same with germany . 
  but germany just welcome refugees so where is the problem ? 
  please validate as the title is not editorialised . 
  it just copy pasted and extended with one sentence from the original article . 
  please validate as the title is factually correct, 
  i think the reason is that there was a break in the stream and at that time only a black screen was broadcasted . 
  yeah what 's wrong with a huge unemployment , unqualified 85 % man only mass ? 
  and yeah they culture is a little bit different . 
  it will cause parallel society ( i mean huge pure ghetto ) . 
  a new gaza strip like thing is forming inside europe . 
  but merkel just call them in . 
  she should n't do this . 
  she should resign now or declare `` migrants go home !, 
  you ca n't stay here , you wo n't get money !, 
  please leave now ! '', 
  we should reverse the flow . 
  so then what ? 
  hungary know that there is a serious problem here but merkel just accelerate the problem . 
  europe must defend its borders otherwise wrong things will happen . 
  there is no other solution . 
  on a side note : those refugees are now in austria ( hungary basically mass transport them to austria ) . 
  i think the balkan just ca n't handle this flow until merkel is an insane state . 
  the problem is merkel herself with this stupid refugee friendly politics . 
  merkel should declare that `` migrants go home '' . 
  without that declaration refugees will go to germany across the balkan as that is the shortest path to there . 
  the balkan is in a deep trouble now as merkel act insane . 
  balkan countries started play hot potato with the refugees . 
  the root problem is in germany not here . 
  we ca n't solve it here . 
  this is a german problem as merkel just lost her mind . 
  this is true . 
  hungary mass transport ( with buses and trains ) refugees to austria . 
  as always . 
  and austria will mass transport them to germany . 
  the root problem is germany invite them and they want to get there . 
  merkel just lost her mind . 
  it 's insane . 
  germany will got 50k-100k migrant or more in the next week . 
  i predict mass riots there ... 
  you have a big fence on the south part . 
  why do you think that a strictly controlled border is not a solution ? 
  what other solution is exists ? 
  just think usa , israel or even the old berlin wall . 
  it just works !, 
  merkel should declare that `` migrants go home '' . 
  without that declaration refugees will go to germany across the balkan as that is the shortest path to there . 
  the balkan is in a deep trouble now as merkel act insane . 
  balkan countries started play hot potato with the refugees . 
  the root problem is in germany not here .
