  most of the pacany are still wearing good ol' adik, 
  krokodil pay - best pay, 
  what does modern germany has to do with it ? 
  in my opinion , namibia just wants some free geld, 
  german is the second most popular foreign language in russia . 
  this sounds pretty good . 
  giving some selective countries basically an ultimate power over the entire un is not a good state of things, 
  that 's awesome !, 
  reminds me of the famous pictures of [ dubai `` above the clouds '' ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-btc0qkqkojq/uf63xuqo30i/aaaaaaaab00/ygs1ge3nghu/s1600/dubai-morning-fog-cool-skyscrapers-height-city.jpg ), 
  this, 
  the fact that any country has the right to veto shows that we 're living in a broken world, 
  unfortunately no , but i found the text of the front page . 
  [ link ] ( https://openuni.io/course/2/lesson/6/material/217/ ) is in russian, 
  [ front page of one of the biggest russian newspaper at the time ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ei4e0if.jpg ) ** bloody sunday ** the crimes of the regime that does n't want to go away . 
  there is an exhibition in yeltsin center called `` the tanks did n't conquer vilnius '' . 
  if someone happens to be near the center , i highly recommend going there . 
  then pablo_the_diablo should have clarify that he 's talking about the people who running the country , otherwise it 's seems like he and you were accusing 150 millions of people of being barbaric , which is moronic . 
  i guess all of these people who were protesting annexation of crimea were barbarians too . 
  what ? 
  what does it have to do with this ? 
  so they 've made an ad-free version but not only they forgot to notify the authorities but also to make a new deals with the providers . 
  that 's seems highly irresponsible on behalf of whoever was in charge of broadcasting dozhd in ukraine . 
  however , since zakharova is already defending dozhd , maybe the russian gov will finally forget about the story with that stupid leningrad survey and put dozhd on air again . 
  that would a good thing , though i highly doubt it, 
  so there was an aid-free version , but do you know what he meant by `` it was n't delivered to natsrada '' i suppose that they 've made an ad-free version but they have n't notified the authorities as the spokesperson from dozhd claimed ? 
  i suppose it 's save to say that crimea was the primary reason for shutting down the channel . 
  i think that it 's was indeed either ukraine or russia situation . 
  even if they would have made a localized version of their channel and showed crimea as a part of ukraine exclusively for ukraine , it would n't be a problem for the russian authorities to put pressure on them for `` inciting separatism '', 
  as far as i understood , you 'll still be able to watch dozhd on their website in ukraine , am i right ? 
  also according to this article dozhd agreed to run ad-free broadcast and the authorities were notified on this , so i doubt that they were shut down because of this `` foreign advertising law '', 
  nah , that 's just some `` moon landing never happened '' level of conspiracy . 
  everyone knows that wales is full of dragons . 
  why would they put a dragon on their flag if they were n't real , huh ? 
  really makes you think, 
  that 's some spooky dragon . 
  how are you people living alongside with them ? 
  i 'm speaking about '' ( even putin allows this oppositionist tv channel to broadcast in russia ) '' part . 
  that was n't in the article and there was no need to put it in the title . 
  you could 've wrote it the comment section . 
  edit : i 'm sorry if my comment offended you, 
  what ? 
  i did n't call you stupid , writing something in the title of the article that was n't there in the first place is a stupid action , however, 
  what your wrote in the title is stupid ; banning the media is also stupid, 
  i honestly do n't know what 's the point of this law . 
  its execution will require a giant amount of money , which russia just does not have at the moment ; it 's obviously anti-constitutional ; it will endanger the personal information of millions of people , because a warehouse with such a giant amount of data definetely will be a target of cyberattacks . 
  i got a feeling that the purpose of this bill was to see how the society will react to such obviously authoritarian laws . 
  and the reaction to this bill gives me hope that there 's still a light at the end of the tunnel . 
  basically , everyone were against it : human rights council of russia , all the phone operators , communists , ldpr , russian post , it-industry , there were protests and pickets , more than 500.000 people signed the petition on change.org to abolish this law and 100000 people signed the same petition on roi.ru ( which is the russian analogue of petitions.whitehouse.gov ) you know what 's the most funny thing about this ? 
  in order to contain such a giant amount of data you 'll need a technology that does n't even exist anywhere in the world . 
  i sincerely belive that this law will never be executed in its current form . 
  pretty silly of you , yes, 
  why ? 
  you sound like a terrible ideologue, 
  while you 're most likely to be correct , the problem is that there is just no statistics about the men victims of the domestic violence . 
  no one has done such a research , so we just do n't know how many men suffered from it . 
  mizulina is famous for her controversial statements and bills . 
  she was one of the author of the famous russian internet restriction bill and strongly supported `` anti-gay propaganda law '' . 
  that was perhaps the best comment i 've read in a looooooong time, 
  i 've read several interviews with some of the hiv dissents and it has strike me to the core . 
  it 's terrifying that some people are willing to die and let their relatives die because they sincerely believe that aids is a hoax, 
  it saved these ngos in 2014 and 2015 , but for some reasons it did n't save them in 2016 . 
  they also ca n't work with the government institutions such as public schools and hospitals , which is crucial for the medical ngo . 
  while some of the ngos which were labeled as foreign agents are continuing their work , their activities are so limited now to the point that they 're basically ca n't do anything, 
  this is the funniest thing ever . 
  if it turns out that the / pol / is indeed did this , then it 'd even more hilarious , but if it turns out to be true , then i 'm leaving my university and will join fsb school just to get a sneak peek of that juicy tape, 
  actually it 's precisely because they were giving out condoms . 
  because they were n't participating in the actual political activities , they had to tie free condoms with the politics , which they did . 
  the reason for the court was the appeal filed in july 2016 by the prosecutor alexei anoshina kuznetsk , who demanded to recognize the `` panacea '' as a `` foreign agent '' , stating that it receives foreign funding , `` to enforce orders that are contrary to the interests of russia . '', 
  in the statement of claim the prosecutor pointed out that the activities of the ngo such as distribution of condoms and syringes , `` were n't in an agreement with the russian authorities , but also threatened to enter into a serious conflict with the public policy in the field of drug abuse and aids prevention , therefore , is not a humanitarian , but the ideological and even political project '' . 
  he cited the expertise made by the dean of the law faculty of the penza state university vitaly goshulyakom , who wrote that the work of this ngo is based on `` the principles of ideology of post liberalism '' , and distribution of condoms and syringes is `` indirect and sometimes direct propaganda of drugs and gay culture . '', 
  an ngo gets labeled as a foreign agent when they receive foreign funds and participate in the political activities . 
  and why did the ngos which were participating in the medical field suddenly massively got labeled as a foreign agents in 2016 ? 
  how political was the ngo from chapaevsk , for example , which was receiving funds from harvard for 12 years ? 
  i have no idea . 
  perhaps they think that if the people will talk less about the hiv epidemic , then it will magically go away ? 
  thanks , that makes sense, 
  these 2 examples were the first one to pop out in my head , but i did a little bit of digging and everything is even worse than i thought . 
  i also recall my last sentence . 
  there were 8 ngos which were helping people with the hiv which were branded as `` foreign agents '' in russia in 2016 . 
  the strange thing is that the law about `` foreign agents '' came out in 2014 and some local branches of the moj were indeed defending these ngos in the 2014-2015 period from the people who were claiming that free condoms and clean syringes are the enemies of the russian state . 
  but in 2016 the same exact people , who were defending ngos , shut them down . 
  the terms such as `` post liberalism '' , `` gay propaganda '' , `` agents '' were thrown a lot during the courts against these ngos . 
  what 's even more strange is that the rospotrebnadzor ( `` the federal service for supervision of consumer rights protection and human well-being '' ) encouraged the ngos to give the free condoms and clean syringes to drug addicts and homeless men . 
  i do n't even know what 's going on anymore . 
  there were 2 big ngos which were helping people in omsk and saratov called `` socium '' and `` sibal ` t '' but the government said that they were `` foreign agents '' and basically shut them down , because they were giving free condoms and clean syringes for the people , which was `` an act of the hybrid war against russia '' . 
  to be fair , the ministry of justice tried to help them but they failed . 
  all the while only 30 % of the hiv positive people are getting their treatment , because there 's just no money \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  i 've read the first report on this subject by `` izvestia '' where they 've listed the main points of the legislation and i found this document to be quite strange . 
  first of all , this document prohibits smoking near the bus stops , in public transports , near the entries to the shopping malls , and in the underground crossings . 
  the problem with this is that you already ca n't do that under the previous anti-smoking law , so what 's the point of that segment ? 
  second , it prohibits you to smoke near the person , who does n't like when someone smokes near them , even in your own appartment . 
  how are they going to control that ? 
  i 'm the smoker myself but i do n't have anything against these kind of laws , since they can be effective under certain circumstances , however i find this first draft of the legislation to be impassible in the parliament edit : i also find it very funny that the article by the times is called `` putin wants to eradicate smoking in a generation '' , while he has nothing to do with this particular legislation, 
  it seems like i fucked up a little :d, 
  poor belarus , no one even makes a fun of it :(, 
  do you have something against ducklings ?? 
  women originated from latvia . 
  that 's a well-known fact, 
  good news, 
  silly europeans ca n't live in -30 / s,
