  but as i said , i oversimplified . 
  russian civil war is a very interesting period to study . 
  the second photo was a protest in 1990 . 
  protesters wanted to abolish the 6th article of the ussr constitution which proclaimed the communist party to be the only party in the soviet union . 
  the first photo ( 1991 ) was one of the biggest anti-soviet protests in the ussr . 
  people demanded gorbachev to resign, 
  yeah , that 's a big thing . 
  sometimes i look at the pictures [ like this ] ( http://cdn.theatlantic.com/static/infocus/moscow1991/ap9103100427.jpg ) or [ this ] ( https://www.ucarecdn.com/5b8ff10f-a139-41cf-ad4d-2018e52773ce/-/stretch/off/-/preview/1050x1800/-/format/jpeg/-/quality/best/-/progressive/yes/ ) and wonder what was the exact moment when we decided to go full reactionism, 
  attention : i 'm going to oversimplify some historic events . 
  communism is shit . 
  let 's look back a little bit . 
  february revolution happened . 
  the republic was established , monachry was overthrown , equal rights were granted to all citizens . 
  that 's great , and even though new government was n't as efficient as everyone hoped , let 's give it some time . 
  but no , bolsheviks wanted more and more , they 've established their own separate government ( dvoevlastie ) and bombarded people with their radical ideas . 
  they 've organized october revolution and everything went to shit for the next 70 years . 
  millions of dead russians , civil war , red terror , purges , censorship , famines , gulags . 
  fuck communism . 
  they did n't know when to stop . 
  i personally live in the region which suffered a terrible famine which resulted in 5 million dead russians and tatars ( btw it 's so frustrating when people only talk about holodomor , like russians did n't suffer from communism at all ) . 
  space race was great though . 
  yuri gagarin and korolev were great guys . 
  russian history in 3 words : `` gib constantinople pleeeeeaaaase '', 
  we were never besties with poland , for example :d, 
  agree . 
  but let 's comapre it to the ussr . 
  there were not a single uncensored media in the ussr ( expect `` chronicle of current events '' ) until the perestroyka . 
  we have a looooong way to go , but we 're going , despite the regime . 
  russia and the netherlands were besties during the time of peter the great , there is even a theory that our flag is based on yours just with rearranged colors . 
  early russian history is a pretty difficult subject , since a lot of sources were lost due to the fact that most of the buildings from that period were made of wood and the fires were not rare , that 's true . 
  there is also a 300 years old debate about whether rurik was a viking or not . 
  there are debates about whether the old pagan gods were made up or not , since a lot of sources about them came from peter the great and catherine ii era when there were attempts to make russian history look more similar to western european . 
  the russian civil war and the revolution are very difficult subjects in itself . 
  can you be more specific ? 
  i suppose not , since you 're , presumably , do n't know the subject in the slightest, 
  that 's true . 
  the last semi-independent tv channel ( rbk ) got fucked a few months ago after their investigation about putin 's daughter . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  i 've searched epic history on this sub and there is only this post and the one about wwi . 
  well , epic history has a series only on russian history , us presidency and wwi for now . 
  and i think you can post a historic video about any european country , you wo n't be deleted for it :d, 
  this is n't propaganda , have you watched it ? 
  this is one of the most in depth series on russian history i 've seen on the english-speaking youtube . 
  it lacks some important details about consolidation of russia under moscow rule but overall it 's pretty good . 
  open russia , novya gazeta , meduza , echo of moscow , liberty radio , voa , dojd tv , grani.ru , kasparov.ru . 
  that 's just something i pulled out of my head immediately . 
  there is a bunch of small local media , as well . 
  though , as far as i can remember grani.ru were blocked but their youtube channel is still available do n't get me wrong though , being a journalist can be dangereous in russia but the situation , in terms of potential danger for your life , today is better than it was in the 90s and early 00s, 
  that 's a great series . 
  agree . 
  western media is oversimplifying political situation in russia . 
  we have opposition and free press ( even though they 've had a really hard time ) . 
  i would n't even say that the main problem of our opposition is the goverment . 
  they 've tried to form a coalition for so long , but fail every time . 
  they just ca n't get along with each other , but when they do , they can pull out big protests ( 2011 , 2014 ) . 
  everything is more complicated than just `` you say putin is bad - you go to jail , ivan '' but as i said it 's heavily authoritarian system . 
  we have `` anti-extrimism '' law , blasphemy law , the goverment can shut down any media they do n't like because of some bullshit reason ( lenta.ru , rbk , ntv , ren tv , etc ), 
  well , it is n't . 
  it 's heavily authoritarian but it is n't a totalitarian . 
  though this anti-extremism law is fucking absurd . 
  u/waterguy12 should check this out , it 's a nice building, 
  i approve, 
  please do n't do that . 
  it 'll make their job of blowing you up easier, 
  i 'm alright with being a wildling , they fuck bears and prey to the weird trees, 
  [ the king of the north wandering his domain ] ( http://imgur.com/a/y8pjr ) [ the king in the north discussing the war plans in his comfy soviet apartment ] ( https://i.redd.it/eh0reqvwz2wx.jpg ), 
  they have to or they 'll be banned . 
  that 's what they did with the telegram recently , they threatened the company and it was added to the `` information distribution organizers '' list . 
  this is quite a problem actually because the quality of the russian cheese is just miserable compared to the western cheese to which we ca n't get an access due to our government 's counter sanctions . 
  plus our government constantly destroys smuggled food from the west , tons of fruits , vegetables and so on gets destroyed and its just sad, 
  fight me, 
  lol, 
  well , they did once , but they did n't have enough time to install any statues, 
  well , yes , i agree . 
  except the party thing . 
  there 's only the ur and its branches under different names . 
  the unwillingness to escape an echo chamber undoubtedly contributes to the general public being uninformed , i agree , but as i said it 's not that easy to escape it to begin with . 
  all tv channels are controlled , and tv is still how the majority of russians receive their information . 
  it 's genuine because it 's uninformed and most russians do n't have easy access to an alternative source of information . 
  as far as i know there are n't really obvious successor choices . 
  we have to wait until the winter when he 'll probably finally make a statement regarding 2018 `` elections '', 
  waaaaait a minute , is this a joke . 
  \u0425\u0410\u0425\u0410\u0425\u0410\u0425\u0410\u0425\u0410 it 's so funny how dugin is faaaar more popular in the west than he 's in russia . 
  the article also mentioned that he was an advisor to putin , except he was n't . 
  it 's also funny how alt-righters like dugin so much , i guess they do n't know that he was one of the founders * of the national-bolshevik party , who were , obviously , nazi communists . 
  he should be happy with nato then , since he was the one who was sieg hailing on the russian march several years ago . 
  top russian author nikolai starikov , also known as a crazy lunatic, 
  happy independence day !, 
  against the corruption of the pm in specific and against the regime in general, 
  [ map of the protests ] ( http://russia.liveuamap.com/ ) update : [ here 's some more cool photos from meduza ] ( https://meduza.io/en/feature/2017/06/12/photos-from-protests-sweeping-hundreds-of-russian-cities-on-june-12 ), 
  could you please contact me if they will answer you ? 
  it would be interesting to know their response . 
  why do you guys do n't like your mermaid so much ? 
  huh , interesting . 
  looks like a ripoff of the russian video . 
  i do n't know , maybe they had some sort of an agreement , but your video does n't even mention arzamas in the description . 
  but who is soros ' puppet master ? 
  no glow , no orb , not shady looking billionaires , no evil shadows 0/10, 
  i do n't think so . 
  i have n't seen this version that often .
