  `` what is really unpleasant is that it got in my eye . 
  my right eye is now completely green -- both the pupil and the cornea , '' navalny wrote on twitter . 
  `` it looks pretty funny , but my eye hurts like hell , '' he later added , sharing a photograph of his bandaged head and dyed face . 
  first aid workers soon arrived to examine navalny 's injuries , and determined that he should be taken to the hospital for further examination and treatment . 
  the attack occurred as navalny was leaving his office to attend the global event forum in moscow . 
  ivan zhdanov , the director of legal affairs for navalny 's anti-corruption foundation , wrote on twitter that responding police officers refused to seize video surveillance footage that might help identify the attacker . 
  georgy alburov , another staffer at the anti-corruption foundation , said that the attack came as navalny was taking his seat in a car . 
  in a photograph , the antiseptic is visibly smeared all over the vehicle 's interior . 
  alburov guesses that the damage will cost hundreds of dollars to repair . 
  turkey managed to save them all, 
  those damned russian cockroaches , am i right ? 
  what 's interesting is that several members of the `` open russia '' have been arrested in my city today before the information about this ban was released officially . 
  what it means to be an `` unwanted organization '' : - `` unwanted organization '' can not act on the territory of russia - russians who work for such organization be attracted to administrative , and then to criminal liability - punishment for cooperation with such organization can be imprisonment for up to 6 years - `` unwanted organization '' can not open affiliated organizations - it is forbidden to lead or to establish a mass media - the media can not distribute information materials published or disseminated by an unwanted organization - the same prohibition applies to the internet and print press - you can not even store such materials for distribution purposes - it is forbidden to organize and hold public events and participate in them - it is forbidden to use bank accounts - russian banks are prohibited from working with an unwanted organization, 
  this wednesday , three days before the political movement `` open russia '' hopes to mobilize nationwide protests against the kremlin , russia 's prosecutor general blacklisted the group as an `` undesirable organization , '' banning all its activities . 
  this saturday , open russia is planning anti-putin demonstrations across russia . 
  russian officials formally blacklisted three separate organizations : the britain-registered `` open russia '' organization , the social movement `` open russia , '' and the u.s.-based institute of modern russia . 
  open russia was founded by exiled former oligarch mikhail khodorkovsky , whose son heads imr in new york . 
  `` their activities are aimed at inciting protests and destabilizing [ russia 's ] domestic political situation , presenting a threat to the constitutional foundations of the russian federation and the security of the state , '' the prosecutor general explained in a public statement . 
  the decision makes it a criminal offense in russia to work for open russia or imr . 
  russia 's law against `` undesirable organizations '' took effect in may 2015 . 
  any group added to the list is immediately banned in russia , and anyone who continues to work for these organizations faces serious fines and possible incarceration . 
  thank you !, 
  thank you < 3, 
  why do you see the speck that is in your brother 's eye , but do n't consider the beam that is in your own eye ? 
  guess what , there are a lot of deplorables in every major political group, 
  suck it up , burger boy !, 
  * i wish i had some burgers :( *, 
  visit some major city in russia , besides moscow or saint peter , you 'll feel yourself like a millionaire, 
  that 's enough for food ( nothing fancy and expensive of course ) , cigarettes , internet , telecommunications services , 1 or 2 books , and some beer with pizza once in a month . 
  that 's tough but bearable . 
  i 'm a student so i do n't pay for housing , so that 's a plus, 
  still jesus fuck ... , i 'm literally living on 150 $ a month, 
  i do n't know , ask someone else . 
  accusing me of being the olgino troll is ridiculous , read my other comments in my profile, 
  oh , that 's bad . 
  i tried to learn the icelandic , but i gave up on that , because i was too busy with the german . 
  if i would to learn your language , would you give me a free citizenship , please ? 
  that 's silly , but that 's what intelligence agencies do , one of their primary function is to do everything in order not to be caught . 
  it seems to me that you think that i 'm defending russia in this particular case . 
  i 'm not , denmark now knows about this incident , and it should do everything it can to prevent such hacking from happening again , but i 'm not going to say that what russia did is n't normal . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  i was n't talking about the specifics , such as defence , but rather about spying and hacking in general . 
  but , yes , i believe that hacking defences is normal , russians just got caught , and i will claim that denmark and the eu in general are hacking russia 's defence as well , they just have n't been caught . 
  it 's normal when russia does it and it 's normal when the eu doest it . 
  and that 's good on denmark 's part . 
  they should do something about this , but it does n't mean that denmark does n't have its own spies and hackers , which are hidden from the public eye, 
  is there any reason for such a clear divide in the results between the west and the east of the country ? 
  how does this refutes his point though ? 
  russia hacked danish defense for two years . 
  alright , cool . 
  denmark should do something about this . 
  everyone spies on everyone , that 's just something spies and hackers do, 
  someone tell them that russia has the biggest muslim population in europe, 
  you 're so meeeeeaaan :(, 
  the communism is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural . 
  i 'll report you to the roskomnadzor for being gay . 
  consider yourself blocked !, 
  are you sucking up a blood from butts ? 
  that 's gay, 
  what difference does it make if the country is liberal or not ? 
  turkey has n't been an example of liberalism for the past couple of years , and it was n't kicked out of nato for that . 
  there were talks about russia joining nato but nato specifically refused because in this scenario nato will be bordering china which will make a situation in the central asia a lot more complicated + it 'd be a logistical hell if nato would be that big of a size , stretching from lissabon to vladivostok . 
  but i 've read about nato-russia relationships a long time ago so i could be wrong, 
  yes , because ryazan 's sugar is just a conspiratorial bullshit and is n't suspicious at all . 
  fun fact : jeb !, 
  's father was napoleon bonaparte so it 's only natural that he 'd win the french elections, 
  that 's creepy, 
  it 's a reference to [ this photo ] ( http://www.mk.ru/upload/entities/2017/03/29/photoreportsimages/detailpicture/ed/3f/f3/f8/8572412_7253926.jpg ) which was made a few days after the protests . 
  he looks terrible, 
  australia , also known as besserdeutschlandreich, 
  great removers of europe, 
  i do n't think that they are a government 's project considering that they were created in ukraine and vk banned their group , but of course they 're clowns . 
  i do n't know about dagestan but islam in the volga region has gone through the reformation known as jadidism , so it 's pretty liberal there, 
  they claim that 1 ) putin is n't a nationalist but a cheap populist 2 ) russia is still under a soviet rule just with a different name 3 ) putin has sold far east and baikal to china 4 ) some of them are outraged that he started a war with ukraine , others think that he was n't as hard with ukraine as he should have been ( there 're a lot of different ways of thinking , i wo n't even go there ) 5 ) they do n't like oppression of their movements 6 ) they claim that he does n't do anything about the russian genocide ( see : white genocide from the alt-right ) 7 ) they do n't like that he has n't implemented a visa regime with the central asia and the list goes on and on . 
  i even agree with some of their talking points . 
  he tries to seat on some many chairs that in the end he ca n't seat at all . 
  he is n't a nationalist , he is n't a centrist , he is n't a right winger and he is n't a left winger . 
  he 's just putin and he 'll be whatever you want him to be , just let him seat in his comfortable chair as long as possible, 
  they have a [ manifesto ] ( http://dobrovoletz.blogspot.ru/2016/02/blog-post.html?m=1 ) . 
  they have claimed to burn down a building where russian internet trolls were working and that they participated in the killing of some local deputy, 
  lengthy and good article about chechnya . 
  yeah , that seems off . 
  the police arrested a person who robbed a shooting club , we 'll see what he has to say . 
  there 's another version however : a letter from the russian insurgent army ( anti-putin organization , their numbers are unknown but they 're small ) was sent to the meduza claiming that they were behind the attack . 
  personally i do n't believe them , they 're claiming a lot of things but there are no proof to any of that, 
  1 foreign visitor of the office was killed , one foreigner was injured and one fsb worker was killed . 
  doubt that there were any murderes, 
  important details : it 's reported that he stole his weapon from the local shooting club , 40 more weapons were stolen from this club as well . 
  it 's also reported that another shooting club in the same city was robbed ( 25 pistols and rifles ) by more than 10 people and its security guard was killed . 
  potentially there could be a neo-nazi gang with a shit-ton of weapons . 
  also the shooter was killed by his own bullet when it deflected from the window . 
  why is this a meh news ? 
  if those sailors where fighting with anchors for example it would have been a great and funny news . 
  interesting is that he was just 18 years old . 
  it reminded me of that muslim boy who killed a priest in france , but this one reportedly had some ties to the neo-nazis . 
  terrorists are getting younger, 
  if something similar would have happened in , let 's say , ceuta , would you still say that 's not europe ? 
  russia is quite good with women in power , too , actually . 
  47 % of senior roles in business are held by women ( [ source ] ( https://www.grantthornton.global/globalassets/1.-member-firms/global/insights/article-pdfs/2017/grant-thornton_women-in-business_2017-report.pdf ) ), 
  i believe so , yes .
