  the general consensus is that the evil us and the eu control it, 
  and after this you expect me to write anything of value back at you lol, 
  i see no reason in writing anything of value to you because you do n't write anything of value either , you are just spitting out half truths and general narrative driven talking points . 
  about the book . 
  i really like novodvorskaya and i respect her but when it comes to history she 's on the same level of trust as nikolai starikov . 
  she 's no historian and she 's heavily biased . 
  i 've read a part of this book but did n't complete it . 
  and galleon is n't my friend . 
  he 's a very silly vatnik who constantly talking shit in all threads regarding russia and ukraine . 
  just like you do . 
   russian educational system that has already explained you why it was neccessary and right thing to do to collaborate with golden horde damn , i must have missed this part during the history course !, 
  the more you keep saying false and narrative-driven talking points , the more it 's obvious how little you know about moscow duchy . 
  they are slav traitors russia best slav orthodox and holy !!, 
  that 's quite a good shitstorm you have here , guys, 
  lol, 
  i thought i 'd share this well-made video from the arzamas projekt . 
  the original russian version got popular and gathered around 800.000 views . 
  there is also the [ `` ancient rome in 20 minutes '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46zxl-v4qwy ) video . 
  it 's worth watching . 
  it looks so modest, 
  worst day of my life, 
   the relationship of nato and russia deteriorated recently due to russia 's annexation of crimea well that 's just not true . 
  there were big scandals since the 90s . 
  okay , that was a good one . 
  you earned your upvote, 
  damn son , what a snappy comment , you owned me :( (, 
  i 'm going to shock you but the history of the mongol empire ( of which the golden horde was just a part ) is taught pretty well . 
  it depends on the region though . 
  a lot of regions have their own local history courses in addition to the general history course . 
  that 's pretty simple . 
  kiev was the capital of the predecessor state of modern russia , ukraine and belarus , hence the story of kiev is taught at schools, 
  because people generally remember only the biggest duchess which were on the territory of modern russia ( moscow , novgorod , vladimir , maybe ryazan ) . 
  galicia is taught of course but moscow is the biggest focus obviously , hence all the confusion i believe, 
  well you 're saying that rf is parasitizing on other 's history . 
  whose history is it then ? 
  yep . 
  it 's always funny to see how idiotic russian or ukrainian nationalists are trying to claim a 1000 years old state exclusive for themselves, 
  lol . 
  please try to explain rationally how rus ' history is exclusively ukrainian ( you ca n't ), 
  [ it 's so ... beautiful ] ( https://i.imgur.com/fnhphms.gifv ), 
  i really like our list of mandatory literature in school . 
  it really has everything : from dante to gulag archipelago . 
  if only i was n't so lazy during my school days and actually read at least most of these books so i would n't have to catch up with all of these later . 
  i doubt it , but still i think this news should stay based on the following remark in the `` local crime '' rule : `` however , we reserve the right to approve funny , interesting and/or unique crime stories '' . 
  it 's local but it 's an interesting case , imo, 
  he also wants to kill all caucasians , he is paid by the cia and the fsb simulationsly and he stole every single centimeter of forest in kirov !, 
  are you talking about the word `` siloviki '' ? 
  if so , then it 's a widely spread term for one the kremlin 's clans , there 's no error in that . 
  according to the fbk investigation , restaurateur prigozhin stole approximately 8 billion rubles on contracts with the ministry of defence . 
  navalny asserts that fbk managed to documentary proof the cartel agreement between the structures of an official and the ministry to the value of 23 billion rubles . 
  businessman yevgeny prigozhin monopolized the market for servicing military towns in russia through a group of companies controlled by him and received 23 tenders of the russian ministry of defence for a total of over 23.5 billion rubles , according to an investigation by the navalny 's anti-corruption foundation ( fbk ) . 
  in total , according to fbk , 180 billion rubles have passed through the cartel . 
  the politician asserts that `` putin 's cook '' prigozhin `` having agreed with the officials of the ministry of defense , stole the money of the defense orders '' . 
  `` in total , more than 23 billion rubles were disbursed , at least one third of which , according to our estimates , was stolen '' navalny said on his website . 
  he called the prigozhin cartel the largest in the russian history , pointing out that before that the largest case , considered by the federal antimonopoly service , concerned 3.5 billion rubles . 
  according to the investigation , a number of prigozhin 's companies have branches and offices in an off-limits areas - military bases of the ministry of defense . 
  fbk also claims that the russian ministry of defense allowed prigozhin 's companies to work without a valid access to state secrets , although it was necessary under the work conditions . 
  it is also noted that the monopolization of the market for servicing military towns became possible due to the intentional consolidation of lots ( state contracts ) at the ministry 's auctions , the connection between the structures of the ministry of defense and prigozhin 's companies was established under loan agreements , which they entered into with each other after the signing of state contracts . 
  `` facts indicate that the ministry of defense simply gave contracts to prigozhin 's companies directly , by participating with them in the collusion , '' the publication notes . 
  lawyer of the fbk , lyubov sobol , reported in january 2016 that fbk filed an application to the federal antimonopoly service about a possible collusion from the companies affiliated with prigozhin . 
  in august , fbk appealed to the fsb with a request to initiate criminal proceedings against prigozhin . 
  as navalny notes , the fas decision on the cartel of prigozhin will be announced on may 22 . 
  `` there is a possibility that the fas will become frightened and will greatly soften the decision , will exempt the main prigozhin 's companies from a fine or something like that '' the politician suggested . 
  yevgeny prigozhin is the head of the `` concord management and consulting '' . 
  this is the managing company of the restaurant holding `` concord '' from st. petersburg . 
  the company owns several restaurants and a chain of boutiques `` the museum of chocolate '' . 
  `` concord management and consulting '' acted as the organizer of a series of celebrations for high-ranking russian officials , including on the occasion of the inauguration of russian president vladimir putin in 2012 . 
  according to the investigation of rbk , prigozhin is financing a `` troll factory '' - the largest media holding in russia with a monthly audience of 36 million people . 
  at the end of 2016 , the us introduced a restaurateur to the sanctions list . 
  it has everything to do with the text . 
  there are dozens of these kind of images on the internet but only this one with this particular text was banned . 
  and do you really think that it was banned by some federal court because it pissed off putin so much ? 
  it was banned 1,5 years ago by some local court in some unknown town . 
  this image was just added to the federal registry a few months ago , hence all the fuss . 
  it is n't though . 
  banned image has an inscription which says : `` putin voters are like faggots , there 're many of them around , but none among my friends '' , which is why , i believe , the picture was banned . 
  fight me, 
   the russians invaded and occupied crimean under catherine the great . 
  their only claim to the land is based off imperialism . 
  well yes , so what ? 
  crimean tatars were pillaging moscow for decades and even burned down it one time and crimea was a big slave port because of all the russians they abducted . 
  that 's why it 's silly . 
  everyone were doing horrible stuff back in these glorious days . 
  russia conquered crimea out of imperialism , crimean tatars were selling russian slaves to turkey . 
  these things does n't matter , it was 300 years ago . 
  well , yes , i agree , but you speak as if all of the crimean tatars were fighting against the soviets . 
  this was n't the case , which makes the deportation of all crimean tatars even more terrible, 
   why were they under the occupation of the kremlin because the reds won the civil war  as well as occupation for the 150 years prior soviet union did n't occupied them 150 years prior , russian empire did . 
  it 's very silly to bring up the stuff which happened before the civil war as if crimean tatars were some saint people fighting against the evil russian conquerors . 
  crimea was conquered in 1783 . 
  i 'm not sure that there was stalinism around those times, 
  his brother and also an actor yuri kuliy was sentenced today, 
  yes , because some of them of them sided with the nazis , they all should be killed . 
  by your logic all russians should be killed as well , because of the russian liberation army . 
  i guess he was also very merciful to the chechens and the ingush because he did n't kill them all too !, 
  late stage capitalism memes are the best memes, 
  it 's a shame that there were no `` no step on snek '' flags . 
  they would look great in a context of this protest, 
  but ukraine is n't a cause either . 
  yeah , only one person was detained as far as i know .
