[ hundreds attend memorial for golden dawn members assasinated in athens on friday ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xguxqbnpfm4 ), 
  viktor orban , best pm in europe at the moment . 
  enough to sustain a pretty effective armed campaign to say the least . 
  such fucking childish behaviour . 
  just dig the man a hole and put this issue to rest . 
  it should be a wake-up call for the would be illegal immigrants , if you 're going to try , at least buy a better boat first . 
  at least then they can be confident that when they get caught they can make it home . 
  the one i saw showed a drop from 10 to 8 , all the same though assuming those numbers are correct from 6.7 at the elections to 5 isnt too significant . 
  thats not the case though . 
  gds support has stayed steady around 10 % since their election , peaking at some polls showing 18 % after some of their larger rallies and when kasidiaris was acquitted . 
  the latest poll , performed after the murder i believe showed a dip of around 2.5 % after the killing . 
  this is nothing outof the ordinary and has happened before when they received negative publicity . 
  i think you 're seriously underestimating the level od support they have . 
  am on mobile at the moment but will provode sources when i get to computer . 
  sorry for any typos . 
  i 've no problem with more immigrants and i absolutely support the right to asylum , especially from war torn countries , however refugees should flee to their nearest safe country , the last time i checked england did n't border libya , egypt or syria and there 's a hell of a lot of safe countries more than capable of helping these people that are a lot closer to them and that are n't in europe . 
  or you could stay in your own country and try to make things improve there instead of running away ? 
  they should be sent to their country of origin and banned from ever getting legal residence in the country , ever . 
  a pipedream . 
  if the person he killed was a resistance fighter then he was an enemy combatant . 
  fuck this guy for volunteering to join the ss but i fail to see how this particular action is a war crime . 
  cruel . 
  yup , people seem to have taken my comment as an endorsement of what took place , absolutely not . 
  however , that is why they done it . 
  whether it was right or not . 
  democracy only works when the population espouse democratic values , clearly in egypt a fair amount of the population do n't . 
  hence , you have a democrat with theocratic policies and tyrants with a more moderate , tolerant outlook . 
  maybe because they contained stolen classified material ? 
  the country he was born in . 
  traitor . 
  that 's the attitude that got you into this mess in the first place . . 
  no it is n't . 
  a very valid criticism . 
  crude , but valid . 
  the leftists will jump at any opportunity to smear ukip . 
  these traitors should be executed if they ever return . 
  nothing shameful about punishing terrorists . 
  the foreign policy of european nations is far too diverse for a common military . 
  republicanism only attracts deluded leftists , it will always remain a fringe movement in britain . 
  a few years late on that one . 
  cool , now i can make an extra effort to make sure i 'm supporting the settlers in judea and samaria . 
  absolutely , it 's hilarious , i would n't go as far as calling them stupid but it 's almost disheartening to see that they really know nothing about the country or the people they are ` supposed ' to hate . 
  in other news , the sky is blue . 
  they should n't be allowed to return at all . 
  very little difference between the two , anyone who did n't care much for or know much about ireland could make that mistake . 
  both are subjective terms , he 's a hero to some and traitor to some . 
   far right party tops dutch poll, 
  no one to blame but themselves . 
  maybe next time they should consider a larger boat . 
  it 's a shame that people died because of their foolishness , recklessness . 
  leftist or communist probably would 've been a more accurate description , but it would n't sound quite as hideous . 
  it 's not the bbc , but to be fair farrage himself ( not necessarily his party ) has had pretty decent luck with the media and generally gets his way during interviews and in debates , so i would n't be surprised if a paper with a left wing pro-eu readership gives any opposition to his political party some coverage . 
   ` radical left pro-scottish independence movement '  ' `` shove your union jack up your arse '' '  shouts of `` racist '' , `` scum '' and `` homophobe ''  `` clearly this is anti-british , anti-english . 
  their propaganda consistently portrays their party and it 's supporters as under attack by the establishment , this will simply drive those supporters who believe their propaganda further into the arms of the golden dawn . 
  it 's not a worthy achievement . 
  golden dawn : `` thanks for the positive pr . '', 
  they 're in greece , they should speak greek . 
   but hey , it 's nationalists , like you can expect better from them . 
  well , they are the reason croatia even exists as an independent country in the first place . 
  they ca n't just go back where they came from , they 're in prison until it can be decided whether they can be deported or whether they should be given asylum . 
  in general i really like the turkish population where i live . 
  really friendly , hardworking people , they tend to integrate well with the local population also . 
  i wonder where they got that idea ? 
   { ukip policies } what we stand for ... 4 . safeguards against crime - repeal the human rights act to end abuses by convicted criminals and illegal immigrants . 
  http://www.ukip.org/content/ukip-policies/2553-what-we-stand-for have the dafties in the tory party even got any of their own policies anymore or is everything they do from now on going to be dictated by the hype of ukip ? 
  a lot of those parties are very different and sticking them all under the same label of ` far right ' is a haphazard attempt at trying to categorize pretty ordinary right wing populist conservative parties with ultra-nationalist parties and neo fascists with racist ideologies . 
  the lega nord are worlds away from the likes of golden dawn and the bnp for example . 
  this piece also misses out on many other parties within europe that have some serious political clout and are worth worrying about . 
  [ jobbik in hungary ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jobbik ) , [ ataka in bulgaria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_union_attack ) and [ svoboda in ukraine ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/all-ukrainian_union_%22svoboda%22 ) . 
  have you never considered that a party which praises the military junta might have some traction among professional soldiers ? 
  good old unbiased source i see ... 
  yep , but one also has to bear in mind that this poll was from 2 years ago . 
  there has been a rising tide of euro-skepticism since then and ukip have managed to weasel their way into the mainstream . 
  44 % of scots said they 'd leave the eu when polled . 
  the national average was 49 % in the same poll ( from 2 years ago ) . 
  the difference is minimal . 
  source : http://cdn.yougov.com/today_uk_import/yg-archives-pol-yougov-euref-100910.pdf stop pissing and moaning , euro skepticism is pretty evenly spread throughout britain . 
  no politicians in any of the main parties are vehemently anti-eu to the point that they think britain is better off out . 
  some on the right wing of the conservative party ( and to a lesser extent a few voices within the labour party ) are euroskeptic , but that doesnt necessarily mean they want to leave europe , it means they do n't agree with the current direction the eu is going in i.e. 
  more integration and less national sovereignty . 
  the only anti-eu parties in the uk are ukip and the various tiny far right/white nationalist movements who 've lost their anti-eu vote to ukip . 
  the actual reason for the widespread support in the tories to call a referendum was more to do with the rapid growth of ukip who are very right wing and stealing a lot of traditional tory voters disillusioned with the new-conservatives , these ` old-school conservatives ' could make or break their next election campaign , it was a tactical move to attempt to win back some of that support at the next ge . 
  most euroskeptics do n't want to leave the eu , they want a looser , less stringent and less restrictive relationship with the eu . 
  yeah , the communists never targeted civilians ... 
  no , because it 's the european union not the ` europe and every other little bit of the world we think we like today union ' . 
  it 's hard enough for europeans to get along , let alone throwing others into the mix . 
  it was n't . 
  the guy just tried to assassinate someone , he deserved every kick . 
  so what ? 
  the conquest of ireland and settlement of the scottish protestants was hundreds of years ago and anyone responsible for anything to do with the empire or it 's atrocities is dead and buried and has nothing to do with modern politicians avoiding policies that they know will start riots . 
  people on both sides need to get over it , nationalists and loyalists both and it 's something that they need to get over at their own pace . 
  so whilst getting worked up over a flag may seem silly to people who have n't endured living in neighborhoods that are effectively on the front lines , for others it 's an entirely understandable reaction that should have been taken into account by the people who decided to go ahead with the removal policy . 
  it 's not about being sensitive to their beliefs , it 's about avoiding political decisions that are bound to start riots . 
  the people rioting these past few weeks have been betrayed by their own community , fallen out of touch with their own political representation and have fell into the fold of the extremists . 
  disregarding a people 's culture and history and refusing to consider the implications of actions which may be seen to offend that culture . 
  that 's exactly what the alliance party did in ni when they chose to side with the nationalists on this recent decision which sparked unionist protests . 
  the protesters are n't acting appropriately and are n't helping their cause , but to call people idiots for being upset with the decision is n't helping the situation . 
  people like you are a part of the problem . 
   apart from the price there is n't anything that consumers could use to discern between gm and non-gm foods . 
  exactly , the price is the most important thing to many consumers .
