  now how did that happen ? 
   guess i should have clarified that i 'm not a math major . 
  it was obvious . 
  did you hear about the book don quixote ? 
  it 's pretty obscure . 
  is this what the sub is going to be for the next week ? 
  who 's that ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  do n't forget that every once in a while a busy touristy spot gets bombed . 
  the worst part is when they ask if you want a receipt after they print it out and when i decline they throw it away . 
  how hard is is to just ask first and print later ? 
  i still do n't understand why yanks do n't bag their own groceries . 
  it 's only slower if you hire an extra person specifically to put objects in bags . 
  there was a small riot in the netherlands . 
  some people waiting for the turkish minister started rioting when she was ordered to leave . 
  / r/gifsthatstarttoolate, 
  is it possible to rename a province and have the revolter state have that name ? 
  listen again , closely . 
  i 'm 23 and on the other side of the atlantic . 
  loads of people my age know at least piano man . 
  asses to asses, 
  butt dust to butt dust, 
  the only newsworthy things coming out of saudi arabia is women not getting randomly flogged , shias not getting persecuted , foreign labourers not getting exploited or the sauds not supporting terrorism or the army not bombing hospitals in other countries . 
  there 's nobody who believes things like the women 's council are genuine improvements and not shams . 
  just admit that a country like saudi arabia is basically barbaric rapist 's wet dream and be done with it . 
  he 's just not talking to himself . 
  perfectly normal . 
  start with the first one released and go on from there . 
  i have n't read the books but this is the right order to read a book series in 99.9 % of the time . 
  there is no ellipse drawn . 
  is a tangent really a tangent if there is nothing to lie tangent to ? 
  you mean by a certain turkish politician . 
  so she dodged in the direction of the other track instead of away from both tracks ? 
  they made it work in ck2 but not here for some reason . 
  it would only be satisfying in a shitty book that you would n't want to read again and would n't want to give to someone else . 
  this begs the question : why would you read a book like that in the first place ? 
  just give the book to someone else . 
   keeps her from having to mess with a bookmark, 
  i think ripping off a page every time you 're done with it is way more effort than moving a bookmark every time you stop reading . 
  it also makes it necessary to handle a stack of loose paper . 
  if only they were bound together in some way . 
  libraries ... 
  so now you know . 
  mp is the normal way to refer to these people . 
  everyone uses it all the time and it 's expected that readers know this . 
  this is an article about british politics after all . 
  how many times have you seen an article explains what wifi , laser or atm mean ? 
  i think he 'd win the 100 meter dash against usain bolt if you ask him to denounce erdogan 's actions of the past week . 
  in my experience the professors are open to questions . 
  authoritarian and eindhoven do n't go together . 
  i ca n't really talk about data science specifically but in general the curricula are divided between practical and theoretical . 
  there are loads of technical companies located in the region . 
  the tu/e puts in a lot of effort to get students in contact with potential employers . 
  it had an impact one me when i formed the netherlands and and took some ideas . 
  suddenly i had double force limit . 
  filling that and thereafter repairing the fleets after a war means that most of my navies sat in docks for a decade . 
  commies tearing down historical building is a somewhat special case . 
   keep kids 8 feet back, 
  is this to warn other people you 're a pedophile ? 
  and 5 of them were not ` draugr whack-a-mole ' with a secret door back to the entrance . 
  it could be a mandatory thing for convicted child molesters . 
  i did it once as the large karl by marrying someone with a claim and pressing it . 
  our son inherited two roman empires . 
  why did they pick a rectangular map again ? 
  just a quick reminder : amazon does n't work with paypal . 
  dutch : koningin , from koning . 
  it 's pretty much the german word . 
  he believes in nothing . 
  is this an experiment to make the most generic sounding modern pop song ? 
  it hits all the marks . 
  this is just a viral commercial . 
  reddit did n't do anything . 
  he bought upvotes to propel him to the front page . 
  the comments were almost unanimously negative . 
  even in death i still serve !, 
  guard rails are meant to prevent worse accidents from happening , not to impale people . 
  you 'd think people on / r/map _ porn would also have a very basic understanding of history . 
  he already had a punishment for previous crimes . 
  but these people were n't customers . 
  they got tickets for free and still complained . 
   as of 1/1/2009, 
  why does it show the soviet union still intact but name the breakaway countries . 
  states , not estates, 
   two years, 
  it 's a lot older than that . 
  with two seconds of googling i found a [ page ] ( http://sorenragsdale.livejournal.com/19043.html ) from 2009 . 
  [ google trends ] ( http://imgur.com/a/5c0x6 ) also shows it goes way back . 
  the ak47 crackills refers to shoots a 7.62 \u00d7 39mm rifle round . 
  it 's high powered . 
  other ak variants can shoot 5.45 \u00d7 39mm intermediate rounds . 
  what 's the relevance of calling someone the homeowner ? 
  what would be the headline if the father rented the house ? 
  `` homerenter 's son shoots , kills three . '', 
  it 's just a grown man in a house shooting burglars . 
  who the fuck dog ears anyway ? 
  literally any piece of paper can be used as a bookmark . 
  whose hand grenade ? 
  r5 : i became emperor as gelre to force the burgundian inheritance . 
  i deus vulted the heretics a bit too hard because after i formed the netherlands and austria became emperor again they started passing reform after reform . 
  that last one needs some a e s t h e t i c.
