  ask the other person to get you a refill ... 
  do we need our ruler to sit on their throne again ? 
   instead , it 's named for a militant west german terrorist group , active in the 1970s . 
  the st. paul minnesota pioneer press online commenting board was the unlikely source of the name . 
  in 1994 , a commenter dubbed the frequency illusion `` the baader-meinhof phenomenon '' after randomly hearing two references to baader-meinhof within 24 hours . 
  tell me more , like does he have ... 
  earth is accelerating at a rate of * g * constantly . 
  also the same with being dead . '', 
  tweeting flags can only end in disaster . 
  also , do n't honduras and el salvador . 
  that first picture makes it look like the lion got entangled in the blinds . 
  but the p stands for pigs . 
  pigs-eevids . com ? 
   also , the boiling point of water in celsius is right at 100 degrees ( okay , 99.98 , but what 's a couple hundredths of a degree among friends ? ), 
  apparently water always boils at 99.98 celsius and i can throw out my [ phase diagram ] ( https://i.imgur.com/qnaiplh.jpg ) . 
   because a good guy discovered this first, 
  how do you know ? 
  but the mountain is still there . 
  well a lot of it was pretty obvious . 
  the only thing that has n't been confirmed yet is the shrink ray . 
  when i stumble upon that sub i have to keep reminding myself that they 're talking about the usa and might sometimes even have a good point ,, 
  / r/basicforeshadowing, 
  it 's thailand with an extra red stripe . 
  that basketball thing sounds an awful lot like communism !, 
  i had that with youtube autoplay when it was first introduced . 
  i put on no woman no cry once and for the next couple of months every autoplay walk eventually ended in 2 hour bob marley mixes . 
  mgsv gets very repetitive in the end when the main quest is done . 
  all the missions start to boil down to picking a random goal from a list and setting that in a random location . 
  there are of course a lot of ways to tackle a mission but they boil down to setting some rules like ` no fulton ' for yourself because silenced tranq + fulton is the best way to clear a mission . 
  to do everything in every way takes a long time . 
  it 's not necessarily not fun but it 's definitively repetitive . 
   hot soda, 
  i do n't understand . 
  time to bust out the full 90 minutes of black screen . 
  in rogue one darth vader from a new hope show up . 
  i clapped when i saw him . 
  after the dwight as manager episode we deserved a creed episode . 
  it 's not . 
  which is why it 's the only word i use unless it 's a formal setting . 
  i myself have a completely rational hatred of the word ` doeg ' with a hard g. why would you say goodbye in a friendly manner but end it with the sound of spit moving from your throat to the front of your mouth ? 
  pam did sales , did n't she ? 
  or did office manager become her full-time job ? 
  yyyy-mm-dd you mean . 
  so i , as a white person , am not allowed to write fiction about a confederate victory without submitting it for approval to a black person ? 
  there is nothing to be offended about yet . 
  they announced that they 're making a new tv show and revealed the setting . 
  we do n't know what they 're putting in the show . 
  maybe it 's an entire show saying `` racism is bad m ` kay '' . 
  the only people who are now getting offended/uncomfortable are people who are chronically looking for problems . 
   but they sure as shit get to have a say in someone presenting the pro-slavery faction as victorious . 
  you could do some basic research like googling ` monarchies in the new world ' before making wrong claims . 
  to have a say means to be are part of the decision making process . 
  did you choose your words poorly or are you in favor of banning certain topics if black people are n't involved ? 
  you did n't say have your say before , you changed it . 
  ` have your say ' and ` have a say ' are different things . 
   [ have a say in ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/have-a-say-in ), 
  also , have a voice in . 
  have the right or power to influence or make a decision about something . 
  for example , i want to have a say in this matter , or citizens want to have a voice in their local government . 
  have one 's say . 
  express one 's views , as in as soon as i 've had my say i 'll sit down . 
  \\ [ late 1600s \\ ], 
  have the say . 
  be in command , as in the general has the say over which troops will be sent . 
  \\ [ early 1800s \\ ], 
  that 's why i asked if you chose your words poorly . 
  if you do n't understand english well just say so right away . 
  some guy used some magic number from inception as a hex color code and found out it was teal . 
  the poster for inception used a teal filter . 
  so obviously nolan did this to make an easter egg . 
  even though teal is the most used color on an action movie poster in the last decade ( s ) . 
  this post of course stood in a positve a few hundred karma . 
  in that context stront can be used but as a standalone exclamation shit is used . 
   dat is vet cool man !, 
  doubling up with ` vet ' * and * ` cool ' is for children or parents who ca n't keep up with the totally radical slang the kids use these days . 
  i have never heard someone say goodbye to strangers in elevators . 
  other than that everything is completely accurate . 
  space cop 2 with rich evans ins a tight black tank top for the entire movie . 
  did plop actually do anything besides getting with erin and telling meredith to stop being nasty that one time ? 
  clark did have some good scenes with dwight and if the show had continued he could 've been great . 
  he even had a desire to get into sales and made some steps toward that goal . 
  it looked to me as if they were setting things up for clark to become the new jim . 
  did he patch all the shotgun holes or did they start that practice sometime after his grandfather 's death ? 
  i was so glad they did n't even dignify cathy with a goodbye . 
  nellie being the boss in florida was kind of ok if we have to accept the florida storyline . 
  nellie stepping in as manager was n't half bad as a gag but that should 've stopped in the very same episode and ended with her being written out of the show . 
  from the comments here it seems that people hate it when michael goes into full michael mode and i agree . 
  he 's good when he is insensitive or slightly mean . 
  when he puts in a lot of effort just to be a dick he loses me . 
  half of the episode where phyllis is santa is terrible to me be for that reason . 
  that triangle commonwealth is so pretty . 
  could you help it to become a bit more triangular by helping it conquer up to stettin and selling some provinces ? 
  i 'm in the same situation as you . 
  i got tired of mindless blobbing and stopped at the prettiest borders . 
  making the borders pretty in the east means cutting an almost straight horizontal line from aral to manchuria which means i have to conquer 75 % of ming 's tributary 's area . 
   reciting the national anthem and god bless america at most major events, 
  i still do n't get why someone would sing their anthem at a domestic sporting event . 
  what is the reasoning behind it ? 
  the idea of the sub looks good in theory but after browsing it for a bit it seems that not glorifying civilian casualties on the axis side means you 're a wehraboo . 
  the same goes for saying anything that implies that any german actually did something competent once between 1919 and 1945 .
