  if it came to a vote it 'd still be illegal . 
  all that glitters is bourgeois, 
   i 'm sucking my own dick #thankyouburger, 
  that 's a good start . 
  okay a big book could stop a small bullet like a .22 or something . 
  how did this go wrong ? 
  now i 'm picturing a real-life steam market with stalls with tanks filled with steam . 
   why is a tire company judging restaurants ? 
  why not ? 
  they started doing it 100 years ago to earn money . 
  recommending restaurants further away meant people drove around more . 
  they judge restaurants well so people accept them as an authority . 
  you could also ask why a beer company is judging world records ? 
  [ you win the fights literally blind . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/6av9w2zdmju?t=717 ), 
  it 's just like the train mission in gta san andreas . 
  that one 's extremely easy . 
  just do n't drive your bike directly alongside the train because then the angles do n't work out and big smoke ca n't hit the guys on top . 
  i married the byzantine empress as karl karling himself . 
  in hindsight getting two empires in one generation was a bit too easy of a start . 
  why would you fight the dragon asses ? 
  just run past them . 
  i 've gotten hit just once in all the times i went past them . 
  the tomb of the giants is quite easy on a second try because you can run past everything and only stop at the bonfire . 
  you only miss an ember and the silver serpent ring that way . 
  so you just accept rainy or stolen packages every so often ? 
   the hit show, 
  no normal person has ever said the word hit in that context . 
  that kettle is electric . 
  i watched bttf for the first time yesterday and it seems like the entire point of the movie was remembering the little details . 
  i was actually put off by the movie because in the first 15 minutes because there was * so much * blatant foreshadowing ( backshadowing ? ), 
  being shoved in . 
  i know it 's used to set up things and there 's a limited amount of time you want to spend in the present but it got pretty obnoxious . 
   marty guess how your father and i met 30 years ago . 
  marty i knew your father from 30 years ago and he was a slacker like you . 
  marty lightning struck here 30 years ago . 
  marty this other thing happened 30 years ago in this one specific week . 
  it 's most likely an oversight or an ` eh , whatever ' than a deliberate thing put in the movie . 
  never !, 
  the movie is eventually really good but the non-doc brown parts of the first act did n't even constitute a plot . 
  it was more like an acted out opening crawl of star wars . 
  just play origins only . 
  is this an intentionally bad word for word translation of all star ? 
  indeed it is . 
  i thought this sub would be about the little things in a movie that show that the filmmakers paid attention to detail to make the movie world more believable . 
  things that immerse you more into the movie . 
  easter eggs are specifically made to take you out of the movie and remind you that other movies exist . 
  they remove a layer of immersion . 
  i say we do n't allow easter eggs . 
  they 're still making spin-offs though . 
  why does it actually matter what city is called the capital ? 
  is n't it basically just advertising for foreigners and choosing what city gets to be on world maps ? 
  does being the capital bring anything more that a feeling to a city ? 
  but the twitter replies only make it better . 
  i took a look at my own country and found some problems . 
  i ca n't imagine how many more are there if this is just the start . 
  * the dutch 1848 constitution revision ( it set up our current system ) flips us to orange but only women 's suffrage makes us green, 
  * dutch women 's suffrage was enacted in 1917 but the graphic shows it in 1915 . 
  the source is correct here . 
  the source is also wrong on multiple accounts . 
  * their ` world map of the age of democratic regimes ' says ' 111 years since the current democratic regime was established ( in 2007 ) ' which places that in 1896 , a year without major changes . 
  * the ` colonial past ' map makes the netherlands a colony of germany from 1816 until 1940 . 
  belgium flips from a dutch to a german colony when they gained their independence . 
  til czechoslovakia was a colony of itself . 
  i do n't know a good translation of the whole phrase in dutch and do n't speak a word of danish . 
  i can give a non-meme translation for mold . 
  in ` break the mold ' mold means a thing a hollow container used in making things , not fungus . 
  mold in this case is * mal * in dutch . 
  online translators give me * form * or * skabelon * in danish . 
  that last one means template and is analogous to the dutch * sjabloon * . 
  there are so many points that it 's hard to see anything useful anymore . 
  like the wii games have a bit lower score overall . 
  also the pc just ca n't have less games than the ps2 . 
  what subset of games does it count ? 
  did you really have linearly increasing drink prices from age 16 to 20 ? 
  who gave you all that free booze at 16 and started charging just a little bit more each time ? 
  if you data does n't start at 16 do n't extrapolate it to 0 . 
  just leave it out until you have an actual data point . 
  i just looked up her audition and she should not try to sing with any volume . 
  her voice just quit and it sounded absolutely terrible . 
  if an adult sounded so shit they ' r be laughed off the stage . 
  yes . 
  if she 's competing against adults she should be . 
  she should n't get a pass because she 's young . 
  if the auditions were blind would you have let her pass ? 
  the girl on the other father 's shoulders is also wearing a little mix shirt . 
  2/50 not bad, 
  yes it 's a request for justin to take a tour of their theme park bieber world ^ tm, 
  do you understand the point of this sub ? 
  you could even do this in ms paint . 
  did it melt away or does it just easily wear off from friction ? 
  the ace combat games have great soundtracks . 
  they 're mostly instrumental but break out the choir for the climax of the final mission . 
  if you 're gon na play them i suggest playing 4/5/0 on the ps2 first . 
  the only one on steam right now , assault horizon , should be avoided . 
  the climactic songs of the ps2 trilogy :, 
  [ 4 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzboiw460nu ) , [ 5 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3u4yliacgzo ) ,, 
  [ 0 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgjwxi0n5-i ), 
  taking whole colonial regions also costs almost no warscore . 
  just let england do all the hard work colonizing , let france beat up england for you and get some free colonies .
