  you do n't have to repost the same comment in different words 10 times in the same thread . 
  \\  tfw living in the netherlands, 
  why farm all those things in such a dry region anyway ? 
   dry enough, 
  then why is all that extra water needed ? 
  i had n't even heard of the concept and after some googling i could n't find anything in eindhoven . 
  besides restaurants make way more money from drinks compared to food . 
  so the answer is probably no . 
  [ he did . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/rbfv2jpn7ai?t=673 ), 
   what , exactly , is so terrifying about a ban on certain elements of guns and background checks/waiting periods ? 
  these bans on ` certain elements ' are 99 % based on incorrect information and based on what looks scary . 
  one famous example is the [ shoulder thing that goes up ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ospnrk2um3u ) . 
  what 's wrong with putting your hand in the bowl ? 
  it 's just air . 
  or is the water in murican so high that there 's no room for a hand ? 
  so in places where the age of consent is lower ( or in olden days ) pedophilia is not a mental illness because younger people are deemed able to consent ? 
  what if your code is longer that half a line ? 
  vaccine ultimately comes from the latin word * vacca * meaning cow because cowpox were use to vaccinate people against smallpox . 
  well luxembourg 's naval jack looks very similar . 
  they just use a lighter shade of blue . 
  and saruhan . 
  i like the idea of number 5 . 
  when i 'm in east asia i do n't give a flying fuck that two types of christians are murdering each other . 
  i 'd rather have more age of discovery . 
  the higher developed colonies from discovery , less ae , wartaxes , terrain bonuses and the less unrest edict are all great . 
  i was trying my best to get all those modifiers . 
  in reformation the bonuses you get are a lot worse if you 're not fighting religious wars in europe . 
  it meant that getting the bonuses sort of happened . 
  the age of discovery is too short anyway . 
  protestantism spawns in ~ 1500 . 
  so in 1510 the age of reformation begins . 
  that 's ~ 66 years . 
  the other ages last 100 years . 
  there is n't even enough time to do a lot of exploration before the age ends , you first need to get your tech and ideas up . 
  colonies giving range and expanded colonial range from tech only kick in toward the end . 
  historically columbus discovered america in 1492 , only 18 years before the age ends . 
  bloody hell this mechanic is introduced in mandate of heaven , the china expansion , and it gives europe-specific stuff for a quarter of the game . 
  do n't allow your grandkids who do n't know how not to burn themselves to use the hot water and make a bath for themselves . 
  that 's just bad ( grand ) parenting . 
  because temperature can only be measured in whole numbers . 
  also by that reasoning inches are bad because centimeters are smaller . 
  drill can mean something like a military drill or something to make holes with . 
  please provide a definition when the word does not have an obvious singe one . 
  there 's a reason they are together in a movie again . 
   holland, 
  please do n't . 
  thanks . 
  discovery ends 10 years after protestantism is unlocked . 
  it could in theory be in 1530 but that 's unlikely . 
  he 's saying that raising literacy is no excuse for oppressing end killing your people . 
  hitler did n't get away with it , why should castro ? 
  it 's not 100 % full mcmansion but i would n't call it well thought out architecture . 
  for instance , what 's up with the overlapping pediments in the last picture ? 
  the stone on the garage in the fifth pic rises to the ceiling while the stone on the porch does n't . 
  or the slight asymmetry in the windows in the two middle pics . 
  either make it fully asymmetrical of fully symmetrical , in between it just looks off . 
  that also threw me off . 
  why have them see that specific musical , make a point of pointing out the whiskey and then poison him with the program ? 
  she 's wearing a coat . 
  this sounds like a giant pile of bullshit . 
  sources please . 
  going into battle without weapons because you can fistfight well ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  everybody and their mother came up with new religions and cults . 
  christianity did things differently and it worked . 
  that is no evidence that jesus actually existed . 
  so any piece of fiction that states that it takes place in a real-life location is real ? 
  [ we get it . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/crappydesign/search?q=happy+worry&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all ), 
  alte fritz looks too * alt * for number one . 
  that happened when he was 18/19 years old . 
  that 's what he said , the navy . 
  everything here is done on porpoise . 
  i 've tried it too , my curiosity won . 
  i would advise everyone that sees this to ask the store to stop selling it . 
  thor 3, 
   a friend recommends a film, 
  this is the best way to be introduced to a film/series . 
  someone who shares a similar taste in films says '' it 's good , just watch it '' and then you get the best experience . 
  on an semi-unrelated note i kinda hate watching a movie with people when i 've seen it already and i 'm introducing it to them . 
  my sister and mother ca n't stand it when for a single second they do n't know what is going on . 
  they then ask me because i 've already seen it . 
  then i have to tell them to just wait for one literal minute and that the mystery is part of the film . 
  ok not the * entire * plot but you can probably watch the trailer and skip the first 45-60 minutes and be fine . 
  \\  mcu movie, 
  \\  why, 
  pick one, 
  have you actually encountered people that thought that syrians came for economic reasons ? 
  in my experience people know that syrians need refuge from an actual war . 
  they 're kinda mad at , for instance , loads of moroccans that definitely are n't fleeing from a war taking advantage of the chaos . 
  also , tu/e represent !, 
  but they 're parks . 
  parks are nature . 
  nature is green !, 
  why does everyone on rlm always say rich evans instead of just rich ? 
  but that 's what happened . 
  that 's a pretty nice fence . 
  just like every collider or whatever video they are parodying . 
  did they melt some plastic foil over the bun ?
