  not mentioning the groups the other ** 5 million ** deaths belong to can also be seen as a form of genocide denial by your logic . 
  either mention them all or mention none . 
  there is a scale and scope difference here . 
  white slavery did exist but when it happened in america it was of a much lower scale and type than black slavery . 
  the large scale white slavery happened in europe in countries like the ottoman empire and has nothing to do with black slavery as we know it . 
  in the exterminations by the nazis there were an estimated 11 million targeted killings . 
  just slightly over half of those deaths were jews . 
  ignoring the existence of 46 % of the targeted killings just because the individual groups are smaller is very shitty . 
  [ they definitely got smaller . 
  [ bad quality video here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fia57ir5qm ), 
  4chan for one . 
  if people do n't like your opinion you get a bunch of replies swearing at you but your post still remains there to be seen . 
  on reddit your post gets downvoted and is only seen when somebody actively seeks it out by sorting by controversial . 
  if an opinion is downvoted into oblivion an new subreddit is made to circlejerk that specific opinion . 
  as i walked out in laredo one day ,, 
  i spied a poor cowboy , all wrapped in white linen . 
   sometimes their eye balls fall out . 
   its okay though . 
  these things do n't go together . 
  the circle and the yellow bars make it look like the flag reads ` oe ' . 
  ` always i want to be with you ... ', 
  lustful is a fire . 
  at a glance it also looks a lot like a stack of coins which is the greedy trait . 
  somebody thought it was a good idea to have two yellow on red icons . 
  calling your shitty seal ` great ' does n't automatically make it great . 
  what reason is there to have the pivot point on the window itself ? 
  the front window does n't have that . 
  putting it below the window here would make a great difference . 
  why would you risk getting your means of movement taken away if it 's a necessity ? 
  do you know who is punished by tolerating drunk drivers ? 
  innocent bystanders . 
  a second offense means that you did the same thing again aka you did not better yourself . 
  potentially killing a kid is also more severe than not being able to drive . 
  not that many people are disabled compared to lazy people . 
  without lazy people products aimed at disable people would probably not be economically viable . 
  bless lazy people . 
  yeah . 
  she 's hot . 
  could n't it also mean that you 've wrongfully been registered as dead by the government ? 
  something like a person with the same name died and due to a mix-up the government thinks it 's actually you . 
  please die in a fire . 
  why would the people protesting peacefully tolerate anarchist groups burning stuff and slandering the name of the protesters ? 
  if you do n't do anything to stop an obvious crime you are a part of it . 
  the difference is that earlier the titles were like ' 5 things that are actually legal to own ' with things like a flamethrower in the list . 
  the articles originally did not have a political message , they were just lists of cool things . 
  [ relevant xkcd . 
  nowadays ( unless they 've changed back again since i stopped going there ) there 's a lot more ' 5 reasons [ thing ] is secretly racist ' articles . 
  that sort of preacy opinion pieces was not what cracked was about . 
  he is . 
  both flags are terrible abortions of a seal on a blue field . 
  however the state flag has horses and a [ bad-ass eagle ] ( http://imgur.com/a/2plsy ) on it so it 's automatically better . 
  in a lot of other countries there is no two party system . 
  there the christian-fundamentalist issues are advocated by separate parties from the socioeconomic conservative issues . 
  what is a commonly asked question that pisses you the fuck off ? 
  this . 
  when i 'm in a store i just want to look around and read the boxes on my own . 
  i do n't want some salesperson unprecedentedly and repeatedly asking me if i need help . 
  paradox should make more bookmarks workable . 
  i 'd also like to know that . 
  i 'm dutch and i have the same system . 
  a friend who studies mechanical engineering with me was interested in doing a few psychology courses . 
  he asked our university if he could do those and the response was basically : `` sure , you can do that . 
  it wo n't help you get a degree here though . '', 
  living languages studies and anthropology . 
  belonging to one type of minority does n't immediately make someone part of the oppression hive mind . 
  maybe they are individuals with their own opinions and values . 
  please make it stop . 
  if they need a scooter or something the have one of their own . 
  they do n't rely on the store . 
  marked nsfw for the terrible grammar/spelling ? 
  it 's so bad i do n't know which one of the two . 
  that 32gb is just the total storage capacity is n't it ? 
  laptops can easily have hundreds of gigabytes or even some terabytes now . 
  laptop storage capacity is n't static . 
  phones are a lot smaller than laptops so they will always have more space simply because it 's cheaper . 
  that 's what scripts are for . 
  so valentines actually is a conspiracy by the gift card and chocolate companies !, 
  just use your email on some shady sites and you 'll have loads of offers !, 
  how hard is it to just look over your fucking shoulder before cutting people off when walking . 
  if you 're in a large mass of people walking in the same direction you 're traffic . 
  traffic rules should apply . 
  or news sites that have text and a video . 
  the video is some reporter on site talking about the event that occurred . 
  then i start reading the text to get some background information and the article is just a transcript of the video . 
  what 's the point . 
   gee , it 's almost like when people learn something , they post it here because they want karma . 
  just post the video where you learned it from . 
  if you lose the election just run for re-election when the next time . 
  you 'll probably be older than before ( unless you die ) and will have to invest less money . 
  merchant republics really favor old people in elections so the leaders will die in quick succession . 
  there 's almost always an old dude leading a merchant republic . 
  there are two ways to consistently get young people elected . 
  one is to get yourself elected at a young age by throwing huge sums of money . 
  the other is to kill all eligible old people . 
   do neo nazis not have google ? 
  sarah apparently does n't either . 
  why do n't you just look where you 're walking ? 
  edit : might as well post the [ source ] ( http://www.dumpert.nl/mediabase/6693587/7ea8097a/ouwe_ballen_die_.html ), 
  wait really ? 
  i 've never watched an nfl game but i would 've thought the ` no ball in play ' time was spent setting up tactics for the next play or something .
