  not waiting for the list of possible side effects of a pill to be read . 
  a while ago i watched a stream of some american news channel and was utterly baffled that there were commercial breaks during the news . 
  i do n't think the racial ideology of the nazis was only about blonde hair and blue eyes . 
  that seems more like allied propaganda . 
  the ideology was about the purity of an entire race not two phenotypes associated with a part of it . 
  the aryans as understood by the nazis did not necessarily have blonde hair and blue eyes . 
  that image is just the best stereotype of white people to put on posters . 
   my pizza defrosted faster than my perfectly normal oven could cook it because i refused to follow the instructions . 
  and they do n't get a register that works correctly for some reason ... 
   people that would normally never hear about politics will see it and those are the people that need to see it the most . 
  that sounds an awful lot like forcing an agenda . 
   politics are literally life . 
  talkshow hosts making fun of donald trump 's hair are n't politics . 
  in that case pedophilia is legal most of the world . 
  setting the age of consent at 18 is the exception not the rule . 
  that 's on the american market blindly accepting substitute products . 
  i can also do it the conventional method in 10 seconds with the added benefit of it being on my neck immediately . 
  clip-ons are for people with dangerous professions who for some reason have to wear a tie sometimes . 
  like police officers . 
  [ it 's possible to put cars on belts . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/loyvk ) making a drifting track might be possible . 
  ` carthago delenda est ' is memorable because it 's an exception to the rule . 
  if you destroy a city you gain a one-time set of slaves . 
  cities are worth more than the slave value of half their population . 
  he 's a sponge . 
  he sucks up the grime . 
  it might be possible that no station has a full buffer , for instance when the field dries up . 
  then there would be four trains waiting somewhere clogging up the system , depending on the rest of the railway system potentially leading to a blocking state . 
  each train will have to wait * somewhere * . 
  unless there are enough free waiting spots you might run into trouble . 
  the movie starts with `` england 932 a.d. '' , ( after the moose and llamas that is ) . 
  it 's actually well before the norman invasion of 1066 ad . 
  the random frenchmen are quite anachronistic . 
  then again , finding coconuts in mercia would also be unheard of . 
  it could grip it by the baguette . 
  it 's on its way out for a number of good reasons and a lot of browsers have stopped supporting it . 
  most users do n't want to install an outdated unsecure piece of software just for one neat visualization . 
  how is this bridge ridiculously high ? 
  that page gives a list of characteristics that a number of different legal definitions have in a number of different areas . 
  there is no * one * definition of ` assault weapon ' . 
  these different definitions are literally only based on how scary the gun looks . 
  from the arrows on the roundabout it looks like somewhere where they drive on the left side of the road . 
  he has ( had ? 
  he used it ) a patch to fix the leak in his suit . 
  diogo refers to it so it would be certain that he had one himself too . 
  a patch that is capable of fixing a vacuum-capable suit must be able to hold a finger on a screen . 
  if you put your crown focus on a county with 3 prosperity it has a small chance of firing an event that gives a new holding slot for a a large sum of money . 
  ` my king , we broke our alliance with spain ', 
  i wish there was an option to forgive tordesillas violations . 
  breaking a 200 year alliance over a scant few dispersed provinces sucks . 
  but 3d did take away 2d . 
  3d versions of movies were exclusively shown for a few years until theaters realized people do n't like it . 
  i had friends and family that actually liked 3d and forced me to choose between enjoying the movie on enjoying being with people . 
  3d movies for a while had shots that make shit fly into your face specifically made to showcase the 3d effect and these shots were without exception terrible and took you out of the movie . 
  also 3d is objectively terrible and people that enjoy it should be shot . 
  ( yes , that includes my friends and family ), 
  these scenes add nothing to the movie but making brain damaged people go ` wooooow ' and should be left out regardless of the amount of dimensions . 
  you mean maeve sue ? 
  barf, 
  what if you just wait a second before moving ? 
   minimal gains, 
  hehe, 
  i expected clips of vin diesel cut to fit the song and instead got feelings . 
  what exactly is shitty about this ? 
  would you have preferred a mercator projection for something happening near one of the poles ? 
  apparently not paying child support can be considered a felony . 
  the link shared by op is about people who also are n't the kids fathers that are forced to pay up . 
   plus you 'll be on the hook for paying all the kid 's expenses on top of that, 
  but is n't that the * entire point * of child support ? 
  hemp would be one of the things that make up naval supplies . 
  i believe it 's called squishing . 
  he eats kfc with a fork . 
   providing more employment opportunities is a bad thing ?? 
  breaking windows provides more opportunities for glass makers . 
   jan , piet , joris , en corneel, 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  and why is a travel blog the authority on defining the word britain ? 
  / r/gatekeeping, 
  that functionality is already in the game . 
  what 's the difference between what the game does and what the mod does ? 
  that 's a random new world . 
  a huge part of the netherlands is already below sea level . 
  when the water rises we just build higher dikes . 
  if we really are the best non-native english speakers in the world i feel sorry for anglos going to other countries . 
  dutch people can generally string together a sentence in english that conveys the right meaning . 
  however after that level any real proficiency is limited . 
   unfortunately , the study 's methodology is somewhat limited in that it uses multiple choice questions to test reading and listening skills rather than looking at spoken fluency or written ability , often considered more important . 
   why is the shelf not properly stocked ? 
   why are these children stocking the shelves during opening hours ? 
  pick one . 
  this is n't ` data is beautiful ' , it 's ` feelings is beautiful ' . 
  the article even states it, 
   ... the price of bitcoin has now passed this arbitrary , but psychologically important measure of parity with an ounce of gold . 
   my simple guess : snake become a common word . 
  snakes occur at different rates . 
  ftfy, 
  i do n't understand how these things end up in the ocean . 
  do that many people drink on the beach and throw things in the ocean ? 
  then why did you post a video with a super obvious cut ? 
  sweet,
