  i rebel . 
  if the colonies were taxed next to nothing or if slaves were unprofitable would the wars have broken out ? 
  both wars were fought about money . 
  / r/mapswithoutsulawesi, 
  just dip it at everyone except the americans . 
  she ca n't dance and has wonky fake tits . 
  what 's the point ? 
  i 'm not from a state that voted for [ candidate ] . 
  do n't think i 'm one of * those * people . 
  crescent roll ? 
  french, 
  not much . 
  how many red and white stripes are there on the usa flag ? 
  thicc skin, 
  i was thinking something something kyle gass ass crevasse . 
  when you choose latin . 
  fuck the colorblind !, 
  why is there a flag ? 
   liberties, 
  liberianties, 
  they have a / r/shiteuropeanssay with 755 subscribers . 
  that 's cute . 
  people will still upvote incorrect and jokey tags . 
  800 what ? 
  the temperature for glowing is independent of the material . 
  the boards stick out after the joint . 
  buy 1 kilo of salt for $ 1 , sell it for $ 3 . 
  buy 1 kilo of gold for $ 1001 , sell it for $ 1002 . 
  profitability and value are not the same . 
  probably pretty clean because they have to clean it themselves . 
  then why pick black without a border for the text ? 
  are you a shooting star ? 
  kenny loggins, 
  the founding population can only contain the people alive at 1776-07-04 and living in one of the 13 colonies , otherwise you 're just a descendant . 
   founding population : born british . 
   born an american : born after the founding therefore not the founding population . 
  the only way to not be an immigrant is to be part of both mutually exclusive groups . 
  800 degrees what ? 
  rankine ? 
   could all of you bad guys just run at me in a straight line so i can kill you all with this machine gun ? 
  this was a valid tactic 100 years ago . 
   but any vet after vietnam ? 
  nope, 
  how did the vietnam war protect me ? 
  or the korean war for that matter ? 
  that 's why / r/gifrecipes was one of the first non-politics subreddits i filtered . 
  if you do your anthropology homework you can come up with a racist joke that still requires research . 
  someone redneck from alabama that makes an accurate, 
   khoi people be like this [ stereotypical khoi thing ] , but san people be like this [ stereotypical san thing ] . 
  ca n't really be called lazy . 
  oh lawdy , i forgot about the cream cheese . 
  that 's not great . 
  have you ever seen a real rug move anything like that ? 
  you also inherited a keyboard that 's missing some keys . 
  i 'd agree with you if this was a thin piece of silk . 
  rugs are thick and heavy and fold in big pieces . 
  if a rug crumpled like that it would n't be used as a rug . 
  also you ca n't clip though a real rug like catwoman does . 
  i went back 5 years later and quit again after a few hours when i was sent into a draugr cave and remembered that that 's half the game . 
   gamed by turning the camera sideways and drawing a straight line, 
  that 's stopped after a while . 
  loads of enemies are immune later in the game . 
   the world was too small, 
  haha . 
  the game does have a problem with the ceaseless dialogue all the time and issun could be a lot less annoying . 
  why are both called oz ? 
  prefixes are for scale , not dimension . 
  you young thugs get off my lan !, 
  a while back there was a guy that wanted to get german citizenship based on a dna test . 
  leading zeros are the best option . 
  you do n't get clarity when your dates have a different lengths depending on the day and month . 
  what 's easier to read ? 
   i was only pretending to be retarded . 
  i 'd guess that if the general usa population did n't use mm-dd-yyyy there would never be any confusion and the us military would n't have to spell out the month . 
  for clarity it does n't matter if you go yyyy-mm-dd or dd-mm-yyyy . 
  putting the day in the middle is just wrong . 
  last year ? 
  she used a pushup . 
  so you 're saying skyrim is trash but if you turn it into a completely different game it might become good . 
  skyrim is a shitty start to mess with . 
  the ` creation engine ' is just the same shitty old gamebryo with a fresh coat of paint . 
  to make a good game out of skyrim you need to build an entire new game , something that takes big companies years . 
  there are two reasons skyrim is popular : it 's easy to mod and it became a meme to like skyrim . 
  they ruined scotland . 
  [ how hard can it be to close a bottle of cif ? 
   some of you guys are alright , do n't go to the ec for women tomorrow . 
  partial net neutrality . 
  zero-rating is still allowed and the eu law fucked over a dutch law that would also ban zero-rating . 
  i 'm actually slightly mad that the eu implemented net neutrality . 
  you do n't need as much hospital beds if you treat people before they end up in a bed . 
  what 's on the rest of the banner ? 
  i can see ` for ' and ' 4 ' . 
  is n't this cheating ? 
  google exists, 
  apart from not knowing what malta is linking wikipedia for a country to be helpful is only helpful to lazy people without access to google and motivation to learn . 
  also guess where [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hhjpuao.jpg ) was filmed . 
   shot for lunging at a cop, 
  you should n't lunge at cops . 
  is n't this another sas thing ? 
  `` he was on top of a cop and reaching for the cop 's gun .
