  what was the combination to the gate again ? 
  in my city there 's an area with just ` general [ name ] - road ' , the [ generalenbuurt ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/place/generalenbuurt,+eindhoven/@51.4639732,5.4805563,16.5z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x47c6d9256564b6d3:0x38092d4bea5925e7!8m2!3d51.4621!4d5.4802644 ) . 
  just remembering to go to the general something something street is n't enough . 
  incidentally the nearby village of geldrop has a number of streets named after lord of the rings characters . 
  it would be pretty cool to live on a road named bombadil or saruman . 
  why do you want to be taller ? 
  why is the only way to be happy to be taller ? 
  why do you have to be an edgy teenager instead of accepting who you are . 
  well ... duh . 
  he is n't even looking up before he looks away . 
  also , he 's superman , he has x-ray vision . 
  also , she 's probably out of sight and supes has more important things to do than staring at an elevator shaft . 
  also , she 's wearing a skirt . 
  one third is filled with people who point out * very * obvious things that in no way can be seen as details . 
   1 ) all posts must be related to obscure and specific details in movies . 
  a meter high chicken painted on the shield of the cowardly character is not obscure . 
  another third is people who look * way * to deep into things and come up with details that do n't make sense . 
  the last third is actual details . 
  if you want a detail from monty python and the holy grail you could mention the black knight . 
  he 's played by john cleese in every shot except when he 's hopping on one leg . 
  you can tell because the one legged man is noticeably shorter than john cleese . 
  i think that in the episode that cat goes to king 's landing ned mentions that he 's been there for a month . 
  $ 389.45 for a 10 piece hex key set . 
  curiously it 's $ 441.98 for a 9 piece metric set . 
  does ` basically dancing on the graves ' mean not saying ' 9/11 never forghetti ' all the time ? 
  it also sounds like a classic case of american expects fake niceness and ca n't handle the bantz ,, 
  that 's 2-3 times the distance from dragonstone to eastwatch so it should take about 3 scenes . 
  capture jamie after the battle and release him to make the arrangement with cersei . 
  that 'll save two contrivances , escaping the battle and sneaking into king 's landing , at once . 
  but to do that d&d needed to write some good dialogue between jamie and dany and that ai n't going to happen, 
  i did not know because i never bothered to find out . 
  i did n't laugh at the bit of stand up of his i saw and never looked back . 
  they even named not one but two countries after it . 
  they probably used [ shrinkflation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shrinkflation ) . 
  . jpg, 
  i now only believe someone is a nazi if he says so himself or is actually waving a swastika flag around . 
  being noticed will get you labeled as a nazi because there 's always at least one person who 'll see a lack of active opposition as support . 
  how do people live their lives without gevulde koeken ? 
  after conquering granada take the mission to convert their provinces to catholic . 
  you wo n't be able to convert them yourself with a missionary but with an event that fires soon you can do it instantly . 
  this gives you the mission reward which removes granada 's cores and prevents an event that gives some nasty rebels . 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  everybody you do n't like is now a fascist . 
  it seems like in the us when talking about diversity people only considers skin color . 
  low bumpers are for race tracks . 
  do you notify the companies sending the mail every week ? 
  lily rader, 
  it can if you have a softer wood and hold the nozzle too close to it . 
  otherwise you 'll be fine . 
  i still do n't understand how size prohibits affordable healthcare for all or free universities . 
  would n't a larger country use economies of scale for these things ? 
  besides if a country the size of a us state can be socialist so can each individual us state and therefore the entire usa . 
  azor donkey confirmed !, 
   the primary difference would probably be that a german family would not want anything associated with the nazi movement . 
  because japan has n't gone through decades of admitting guilt and apologizing like germany . 
  the japanese pm saying sorry for all the horrible things japan at a memorial service is not an automatic thing . 
  they have actual sides in a debate instead of all agreeing to apologize . 
  can germans pick their license plates ? 
  why would benjen have to cross the wall ? 
  he could drop off jon and disappear into the wilderniss again . 
  even if it said star wars correctly it would still be a shitty shirt . 
  it 's not a foreign news sub , it 's world news which means that the whole sub is still 50 % us news . 
  comments wanting a bit less usa get replied ` the usa is part of the world ' and ` the usa is the most important country in the world ' . 
  / r/news is already 100 % usa . 
  is there a sub like / r/worldnewswithoutusa ? 
  this is karma farming with anti nazi videos because of recent events . 
  well what if a giant tsunami was funneled through the gulf of california and you lived in yuma ? 
  i counted 5/20 of the top posts now about the usa . 
  that 's a pretty good score for reddit . 
  get ramsey shirtless with two daggers and he 'd be fine . 
  he really thinks that there 's only one federated country in the world . 
  every country is a meme . 
  that 's prefaced by, 
   if you read international news , like most people on this website do , you 've probably noticed that ... 
  he says international news but by that he clearly means ` when a us news outlet covers another country ' . 
  other countries do n't care that canada does something differently to the usa and do n't make a big story out of it . 
   what 's up everyone, 
  close video, 
  why do these things end up in the water anyway ? 
  is the garbage taken on a boat and dumped into the ocean ? 
  obviously fake, 
  [ here 's a picture of the woman who died . 
  that 's right . 
  usually people use screenshots . 
  you can pick any mission and cancel it immediately and wait a year for new missions . 
  there 's no need to deliberately fail one . 
  awful taste and awful execution, 
  now you can pay off his debt with his own money and keep liberty desire low for free . 
  spanish words that english speaking people who do n't speak spanish ca n't say . 
  it 's only stable in the sense that the elections happen at regular intervals and the government does n't fall sometimes like in parliamentary systems . 
  that or it 's stable in the sense that the shitty system that encourages disenfranchisement and rewards corruption is n't improved and d/dt ( improvement ) = 0 can be seen as stability . 
  i 'm dutch and certain english phonemes do n't occur naturally in my language and they are incredibly hard to learn later in life . 
  i 've learnt to pronounce * th * sounds but many people i know just substitute an * f * , * v * , or * d * depending on the situation . 
   children generally learn the less marked phonemes of their native language before the more marked ones . 
  in the case of english-speaking children , / \u03b8 / and / \u00f0 / are often among the last phonemes to be learnt , frequently not being mastered before the age of five . 
  wikipedia even supports my claim that the english * th * sounds are needlessly complicated /, 
  do you hate the terrible eardrum violating ` hard g ' or the lovely friendly ` soft g ' ? 
  ( no bias here ), 
  do scientists use libertarians in clinical trials for for painkillers ? 
  because trying to understand libertarians is a 100 % surefire way to induce a headache,
