  but nigerian princes are guys . 
  otherwise they would be nigerian princesses . 
  are those buttons really individual or is it a rubber mat with protruding buttons ? 
  but denmexico was never in the eu . 
  `` if you ca n't play together nicely nobody gets the country '', 
   i guess delaying popular events until a good time is alright . 
  that 's what recaps are for . 
  in the netherlands they are known as ` olifantenpaadjes ' , i.e. 
  elephant paths . 
   ryan gosling , like all of the nicest people , is canadian , and dev patel was born in kenya , raised in london , and is here playing an indian raised in tasmania . 
  so hollywood is crawling with outsiders and foreigners . 
  and if we kick them all out you 'll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts , which are not the arts . 
  she was acting all haughty about sports in her golden globes speech . 
  she 'd be the last person you 'd want associated with a company that makes games about those sports . 
  because people always carry only one gun and when they are disarmed they immediately turn into a nice compliant little sheep . 
  because otherwise you can hide your armies in a country you have access to but the enemy does n't . 
  ftfy, 
  babies do n't have sex . 
  why would you protect babies against stds ? 
  by the time a kid is old enough to be at risk of getting an std he would be ( almost ) old enough to decide himself on circumcision . 
  i 'm assuming that 's a quote from someone with terrible hygiene and not your own opinion . 
   i was still pushing for circumcision , just on the basis that some women prefer the look over uncut . 
  that 's the shittiest reason ever and i 'm glad you came to your senses . 
   having to get up in the crevices of the foreskin, 
  you do n't have to jam a washcloth under the foreskin . 
  just pull the skin back and all the crevices disappear . 
  it 's as easy as cleaning your fingers . 
  or do you not spread your fingers when cleaning in between them ? 
  how can ages be an expansion feature and absolutism be a free feature ? 
  is n't absolutism only enabled in the age of absolutism ? 
  if 5 calories is the margin of error when measuring 5 calories you have a margin on 100 % . 
  with that margin a quadruple cheeseburger can have 0 calories . 
  if you measure a large amount of sweetener , say a kilogram , with a margin of 5 calories you can calculate the calories in a small serving . 
  you 'd the be guaranteed to have a caloric value of the sweetener that 's more than 0 . 
  about 20 ingame years . 
  then i went back to vanilla and good mods . 
  it 's an older model of logitech g15 keyboard . 
  and there we have it . 
  i was waiting for the broken windows fallacy to show up . 
  i typed this comment on that keyboard . 
  just open two and close one . 
  girls !, 
  ph-ovh , overh\u00e8\u00e8d, 
  then it 's very importanct to learn to say houdoe . 
  an example : [ houdoe en bedankt ] ( https://youtu.be/5755wnz2spu?t=27 ), 
  from reading the linked wikipedia page , acromegaly is most often caused by a tumor in the pituitary gland . 
  the tumor causes the gland to produce excess growth hormones . 
  it is possible to fix this with surgery . 
  ayyyy, 
  expectation : overly color corrected hdr photo, 
  fietsnietje would mean bike staple because of their shape . 
  they are meant for for parking you bike . 
  these things are different and are meant to stop/slow cyclists . 
  where have there been peace marches in the usa lately ? 
  all the big marches in recent memory were because people hate trump or because people hate cops shooting people . 
  but in what direction was she spinning ? 
  but the quotes made me think it 's a euphemism and the article is some kind of clickbait because the kid just closed all hi social media accounts . 
  [ gim me the money !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lztwjgd10yw ), 
  this was just 5 snippets played after one another . 
  harambe did n't text and drive and now he 's dead !, 
  adding ` holy ' only makes it better !, 
  so you condemn the american revolution ? 
  it looked to me like the women 's march was a ` fuck trump because he said mean things about women ' march . 
  was it something else ? 
  do we really need a pic of an air vent every three day ? 
  my mother thought she was an absolute beast at scrabble because she wins a lot in wordfeud . 
  her technique turned out to be just throwing letters at the board and hoping the crappy dictionary accepts the words . 
  she did win in the end but only by a 5 % margin . 
   thaw your hearts of ice : do what right !, 
   thaw hearts your of ice : do what is right !, 
  there is no way to get both sentences correct . 
  post the listing . 
  did it say qwerty or azerty ? 
  are you seriously making that distinction ? 
  there is an international standard , [ iso 8601 ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iso_8601 ) , that clearly states the week starts on a monday . 
  it would be nice of a bunch of slavs stopped larping as ancient greeks . 
  i always baffles me how people accidentally get hit by trains . 
  is it always stupid people like in this gif ? 
  that 's the part where i stopped reading the article and started scanning it to just get the plot of the series . 
  you can already read out the amount of bots from a roboport to your circuit network . 
  you can then hook up an inserter with a chest of bots to add them when the number drops . 
  more like the absolute sad man . 
  unless someone else goes before you , you did n't check the temperature and you 're incinerated by the fury of 10000 suns . 
  r5 : the tooltip says that only pegu might join the coalition . 
  however they 're not alone . 
  i 'm a tributary of ming if that makes any difference . 
  seeing as the problem appeared so early in the game i tried to replicate it and it happened again . 
  but the rock won . 
  pegu was the only non-protectorate in the coalition . 
  but tributaries can declare wars against each other , they should be shown here . 
  this could have really screwed over a run if it did n't happen in 1446 . 
  the mods did remove it the first three times it was posted for ` police brutality ' so people got mad for them bowing to the advertisement overlords and overreacted . 
  mods kept removing it so people flooded the page as a reaction . 
  yes . 
  factorio player : would n't it be nice if ... 
  factorio dev : done . 
  still not built in one day . 
  it 's a golden ticket to the toilet paper factory .
