  the fifth photo , othmar brouwerij , looks like a render if you do n't zoom in . 
  it 's just so clean and almost completely shadowless . 
  would you prefer it if you could stare directly at the wall behind ? 
  do cars not come with ash trays these days ? 
  it 's been a while sine i 've been in in a car when someone was smoking so i do n't really pay attention to it . 
  first off , ianalinguist , just a passing interest . 
  learning to make sounds correctly is hard to do if you do n't learn it as a child . 
  people do n't start out knowing how to make sounds . 
  babies have to learn each and every one of them from scratch . 
  being surrounded by the sounds of your own language makes you pick them up . 
  east asians have trouble distinguishing between * r * and * l * and i 'm guessing you ca n't make the click sounds from xhosa . 
  you 'll get, 
   \\  kill wolf, 
  \\  drops broadsword, 
  are you by any chance an ancient roman ? 
  you keep hitting those homeruns gq !, 
  well i still have n't played it because fuck buying a console for literally one game . 
  however second hand 360s are quite a lot cheaper these days . 
  the meal is paid and you do n't have to tip and if you unfolded one of these bills it 's 100 % clear that it 's not real money and not a counterfeit . 
  i do n't think giving these things as a tip would be illegal . 
  with that system there was so much moving colonists around . 
  whenever a colony was finished i took my newly freed colonist or recalled the one in the lowest colony and sent him to a make a new colony . 
  as soon as he landed i recalled him again and sent him to a larger colony again for the bonus . 
  sitting down even if it 's low is a lot easier than squatting, 
   enemy kitchen is a public art project by michael rakowitz that explores the relationship between hospitality and hostility . 
   the enemy kitchen project began in 2003 in new york city as a way for food to spark dialogue around iraq in new ways , ultimately taking form as a food truck . 
  it 's done to make people realize that iraqis are not the enemy . 
  you should 've read the kickstarter page before posting this here . 
  at the end of tdkr , bruce is alive proving that he , in fact , survived the nuclear blast . 
  why not have the title simply be ` ot ' ? 
  the usa thanklessly protects the rest of the americas ? 
  that 's the first i 've heard of it . 
  i do n't think the monroe doctrine was created for the greater good . 
  that and the 20th century cia coup shenanigans have proven that the usa just wants to be the boss for their own benefit . 
  did she really make dany infertile or did she only ruin the one baby . 
  to me it seems like dany though `` well one baby came out wron , let 's not try that ever again . 
  because not everyone knows that these videos are ads for his business and he 's using the controversy to discredit his business rivals . 
  i 've never seen them spawn so close to a wall . 
  it 's probably not a common occurrence . 
  i suggest wiping out that nest and hoping it does n't happen again . 
  the word water is badly edited out . 
  i bet his ancestors came from schleswig-holstein . 
  guess what kind of advisor you get when you dismiss one of them . 
  i recently dismissed the same advisor four times in a row just to get me that sweet 20 % improve relations i needed for blobbing harder . 
  there should be a rule that dismissing an advisor twice in quick succession should stop that one from spawning . 
  you ca n't melt a wall with ice fire . 
  rich 's laugh and jessi 's cackling together is more than any mortal man can withstand . 
  u son of a bitch ? 
  historically yes but scotland will take the decision once he hits admin tech 10 . 
  15435613464351.644831345357321684 does n't show a whole lot more useful information than 1.54 e13 . 
  i would n't use google for something that specific but maybe that 's just me . 
  you clicked on it to give it a thumbs down . 
  they registered the click . 
  i had a similar problem with steam a couple of years back . 
  clicking ` not interested ' would stop that specific game from showing up but suddenly i 'd get more of the same type of game recommended to me . 
  steam , if i wanted anime weaboo rpg 25 i would n't have clicked ` not interested ' on anime weaboo rpg 24 . 
  * thormund and brienne household sitcom *, 
  if only ... 
  the wound got infected and after drogo fell off his horse dany brought in the witch to fix him with magic . 
  learn the difference between a dragon that follows internal rules set up beforehand and people fast travelling everywhere . 
  would you be ok with jon snow suddenly knowing how to fly and breathing a thousand flaming daggers onto the night king ? 
  you ca n't handwave it with a ` zombies lmao ' . 
  this is still useful because usually people drive to a certain destination and want to get there faster . 
  the distance stays the same . 
  this shows that speeding while already going fast does n't help a lot . 
  10 miles is just a convenient distance to illustrate this . 
  where i live there was a push to increase the speed limit on some stretches of road from 120 km/h to 130 km/h . 
  on the longest stretch where this was applied it only saved a bit more than a minute . 
  i genuinely hope you die in a crash where the only victims are you , your car and a tree . 
  i 'd feel sorry for the car and the tree . 
  especially with back to the future where half the movie is about continuity with time travel . 
  an actual submission here :, 
   in the past marty ran over one of the pines on the spot where later the two pine mall was built . 
  back in the future the mall is called the lone pine mall . 
  mind = blown, 
   welcome to / r/dontdeadopeninside , it 's for signs/media that read as nonsense if read like a book : from left to right . 
  is the author seriously comparing john oliver 's case with gawker 's case , a company that illegally published a sextape ? 
  a company that said that in court they 'd consider a four year old celebrity 's sextape newsworthy and that published hulk hogan 's sextape because they considered it newsworthy . 
  i scrolled through mashable and clicked on a few articles to see what kind of site they area and i regret wasting the bandwidth . 
  i do n't particularly like john oliver . 
  it 's different because one is a libel/slander case that could go either way and another is a breach of privacy case where everyone * should * be on hogan 's side . 
  for some reason gawker gets defended by a lot of media outlets as if they 're the champions of free speech . 
  sextapes are not free speech . 
  pretty cool but i could 've done without the music . 
  are you implying that oliver is going to release a sex tape ? 
  it could be worse if they used a state seal on a blue background . 
  green is at least a little bit different . 
  [ this is the 7th post from the thread on * united nations warns us over ` alarming ' racism * . 
  have n't we scraped the bottom of the barrel yet ? 
   now i played for an exit seat , but when i got on and seated i was told by the airline that my seat was needed because a actor and his assistant needed it , he said he payed for it as well i showed him and the pilot my ticket , they did n't care the actors name was corbin bernson they could clearly see my knee was rapped up and i could n't bend it and they were to put me in a regular seat without reimbursing me for the extra $ 100 i payed for the seats . 
  did you talk to the actor and explain your situation to him ? 
  it 's not clear to me because of your four line long run-on sentence . 
  ( please proofread ), 
  if you did n't talk to the actor it 's just the airline who 's to blame . 
  otherwise it 's pretty shitty of him . 
   i was furious if i did n't have a bad knee or in the profession i was in , y' all would be seen me on youtube whipping the shit out of a has been major league actor , lol, 
  if your knee was better you 'd assault someone for a place to sit ? 
  i 'm glad i 'm not in a prison where you work . 
  it was ` the only way to survive this is if the army surrounding the main character simply walks away ' thick plot armor . 
  it was ` the evil guy shoots something far away instead of the nearby main character ' thick plot armor .
