  they saw the flag and though some other dutch guy already colonized it and just kept sailing . 
  it reminds me of the natives of the [ whipala banner ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wiphala ) . 
  the thumbnail looked like a halloween pumpkin . 
   [ lacht in nederlands ], 
  at the end tom said matt went into it cold . 
  on a rewatch you can see matt 's confusion and then the exact moment that he knows what this video is about . 
  and this is for shooting down police helicopters . 
  population density in the united states . 
   oh baby jesus why have you forsaken me, 
  you can hear someone ( presumably jay ) giggling in the background . 
  the usa did n't change my high school curriculum . 
  kerel, 
  is n't this just another pineapple-ananas situation where english just has it wrong ? 
  it took five years to make !, 
  never thought i would say this but these americans could benefit from a major war on their own soil . 
  they do n't know what occupation and destruction means . 
  let 's look at one small country then . 
  and specifically dialects and accents because those can be more precisely qualified than something so vague as culture . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oqpjqsi.png ) is a dialect map of the neterlands , belgium and luxemburg . 
  i speak oost-noord-brabants and i can absolutely not understand a word that people speak in oost-limburgs . 
  i can sort of make out people speaking oost-twents but i really have to try . 
  in friesland they actually speak another language , not just a dialect . 
  luckily everybody knows how to switch to standard dutch to have a conversation . 
  people that do n't speak close to standard dutch are subtitled on tv so people a 2 hour drive away can understand them . 
  there are major differences in the way people speak in such a small distance . 
  distance has only a little bit to do with diversity . 
  there is a much larger influence called history . 
  to illustrate the distances [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lsiawge.png ) is my country overlaid on the usa . 
  people do fly in but that 's almost exclusively for rare conditions where only a few doctors in the world could even treat it . 
  loads of the best surgeons are in the usa . 
  the usa does have top notch medical care but it 's only available to rich people or foreigners with state-sponsored healthcare . 
  family guy is n't the show to make a reference to and expect that everyone gets it . 
  has anyone ever found a source for the germans saying teufelhunde ? 
  from what i 've googled the most likely source is americans making it up entirely . 
  what 's the value of a chart if all the data is made up ? 
   lowest : 6,574 on dec 25, 
   highest :12,301 on sep 09, 
   10,462 on feb 29, 
  yes , something seems off . 
   i do n't want to attend an international school, 
  then you better start learning dutch really quickly . 
  bilingual vwo is meant to make dutch kids more proficient in english as their second language . 
  it 's not meant as to meet foreigners halfway . 
  you should contact the schools that offer bilingual vwo but do n't go in expecting them to say yes . 
  also it seems like you were suddenly moved here without prior warning and arrived yesterday otherwise you would 've started learning dutch already . 
   why you should care about, 
  i immediately stopped caring and will from now on avoid fooly cooly . 
  for those unfamiliar : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neutral_moresnet, 
  i 'm saying that distances play a very small role and the whole `` america is so huge it * has * to have enormous cultural differences '' argument is just nonsense . 
  you can get the 1776 bookmark usa achievement by losing the war and renouncing your cores . 
  but if you make a dish and specifically avoid the name it looks like you 're claiming it . 
  can you classify this as a detail if it 's an obvious recreation to a very famous painting of a very famous event ? 
  not everyone knows all the ` iconic ' lines from the heath joker . 
  i was waiting for ` why so serious ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  do you think the moon is only visible at night ? 
  i do n't want to change, 
   the.office.s03e02.the.convention.web-dl . x264 - [ mulvacoded ] . mkv, 
   the office s03e02 - the convention.mkv, 
  for 200 files manually . 
  also auto-enumerate is really good . 
  stupid sexy pikachu . 
  filming concerts is stupid but there is something in recording a unique moment for you . 
  how many times are you going to go to a concert of a specific artist ? 
  fireworks displays happen at least once every year . 
  can you point out circle where exactly the specific rgb value 82,132,145 is used . 
  this is n't a monochrome poster . 
  that rgb value gives a hue of 128 . 
  the hue gives the type of blue . 
  the saturation and luminosity do n't change that it is essentially the same blue . 
  they make a color more black , white or grey , they do n't turn it red . 
  [ a demonstration . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uhdjnw7.png ) here i took the original rgb value but changed the saturation and luminosity it just like you would do on the poster . 
  as you can see it 's still the same blue but the rgb values are all over the place and hold no meaning . 
  how can you specifically say which rgb value was used as a filter on certain parts of the poster ? 
  can you come up with a histogram of all the colors used in the poster and point out a peak at 82,132,145 ? 
   at least we dont [ sic ] measire in ` stones ' :p, 
  neither do i. 
  karma 's a bitch . 
  liquefied bird that 's then blasted with heat by the exhaust . 
  sounds like chicken nuggets . 
  at least a graphics and sound quality improvement . 
  just remastering it , not a remake that changes stuff . 
  maybe change some things in 04 that were done better in later games . 
  the controls can be made to work like 5 and 0 . 
  the setup for the missions could also be better . 
  for instance the siege of farbanti mission consists of destroying ground targets for 5 minutes to rack up a good enough score and then 15 minutes of idling to get yellow squadron to show up . 
  for one thomas jane is by far the most well-known star of the cast so it 's logical to have him be first billed . 
  that 's just how these things go . 
  ken bone intentionally went on a tv show and asked the two us presidential candidates a question . 
  hanassholesolo made a gif that got reposted by trump . 
  people finding ken 's post history is n't the greatest thing but he made himself a public figure . 
  yeah , let 's doxx and round up all the secretly gay people in saudi arabia and china 's political dissidents . 
  if you zoom in you can see a little ^ [ 1 ] . 
  it 's cited there . 
  what 's your real name ? 
  while we 're at it let 's doxx everybody on / r/lgbt , / r/secretlygay , / r/notoutoftheclosetyet and / r/reallyweirdfetishesidontwantanyonetofindoutabout . 
  i still do n't see the real difference between the us independence war and the us civil war . 
   fuck you oppressive government !, 
  you do n't get to decide things for me without my consent that threaten my livelihood .
