  yes , having one is a huge red flag . 
   boss , you need to fulton a translator to understand the mercenaries speaking afrikaans . 
  did n't steam implement some rules a while back that games need to show actual gameplay to be in the steam store ? 
  were no rulers * ever * orthodox at any point in their lives ? 
  maybe they converted to west african and then died . 
  i do n't know if it 's possible to see the past religions of dead characters . 
   themistocles 524 -- 459 bc, 
  surely if it was in any way realistic for that to happen between 1444 and 1821 you could find a more contemporary example . 
  what 's crappy here ? 
  they even made it in the colors of the french flag . 
  some friends often had the same thing with intermediate assignments that you were allowed to work on in pairs but had to hand in separately . 
  it happened to one friend once and he failed a course but he 'd have passed if he had the same grade as the other guy . 
   who signed my name on the attendance sheet that day, 
  that 's why they check you student card for attendance at my uni . 
  if someone in your group is n't delivering on his promises and you did n't notice and notify the teacher it 's partially your fault . 
  you ca n't just shift the blame . 
  [ the music just pops up immediately . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t29fga5m7va ), 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dyrcf-rs5u ), 
   sticks are really sticky, 
  that 's normal . 
  porcelain is a word . 
  also , complaining about downvotes is an instant downvote no matter the other content of the post . 
  most of the showers i 've been in have a [ slide on them to adjust the height ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wp4sidu.png ) that goes up high enough . 
  i never had any trouble . 
  i do n't even understand why these are not installed everywhere instead of the fixed ones . 
  do short people like having the water fall half a meter before it hits them ? 
  someone there knows how to edit videos . 
  i thought `` but why ? '', 
  at the exact same moment it appeared on screen . 
  getting a war declared on you kind of makes it a different deal . 
  i searched ` height adjustable shower head ' on amazon and found enough matching products . 
  something like [ this ] ( https://www.amazon.com/dp/b00jlans54/ ) would probably work . 
  yeah , fuck japan and its generic flag !, 
  the pope decrees that these lands belong to ... the pope !, 
  how 's retirement ? 
  the brits did n't do a round of spelling simplifications . 
  the americans changed the c to an s in defence but left fence intact . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyw7sct3u4c ), 
  they are not stopped from killing because they do n't want to kill . 
  they are not killing because someone told them they 'll be punished in hell . 
  they do n't have the intrinsic will to not kill people . 
  it 's almost a century older . 
  unless we 're talking about the * idea * of germany or something . 
  so the devs have to sit on these bugs that they 've discovered and have fixes for ? 
  why should they wait an arbitrary amount of time ? 
  i 'm not american . 
  i 'm just saying that he was technically correct about that one thing . 
  the new spartacus actor was not andy , he was just blandy . 
  it took him a while to start being interesting . 
  john hannah getting killed off sucked but alas , it had to happen for the story . 
  if we can only see the front the 3d printed aspect is kinda useless . 
  read the article . 
  fey 's not mentioned . 
  [ this is a frisian cap . 
  [ surely this is the best frans ? 
   the more inclusion the better, 
  so what else needs to be included ? 
  white people ? 
  straight people ? 
  meinertzhagen deliberately dropped his haversack with fake secret plans wanting them to be found . 
  richard brought him up only to do something completely different . 
  he basically did the monty python version of the trojan horse and just delivered an empty rabbit . 
  in hindsight bringing meinertzhagen up was just richard trying to sound smart . 
  what 's so difficult about making minimum wage actually minimum wage ? 
  what makes it harder specifically to implement something like this in a larger country ? 
  up until the hotdog thing he served no purpose but to have something for erlich to get mad occasionally which might be funny . 
  he provided no humor himself . 
  by train arnhem to amsterdam going station to station is one hour . 
  once you 're there you need to get from the station to the specific location . 
  i 'd start looking for more local things to do first . 
  i 'm sure arnhem or a close city like nijmegen has enough to offer . 
  who is swinging all that gold around ? 
  the flower pots are there because people often drive way too fast to be safe and need to be slowed down . 
  a sign with a number wo n't stop them and stationing cops constantly is too expensive . 
   call the police ? 
  really ? 
   -3 points 3 days ago, 
  oh come on . 
   on the other side of the country, 
  that 's a bit of a stretch . 
  wait what ? 
  who signs hashtag ? 
  is this real ? 
  they did n't . 
  they just needed a scene to set up mia getting on, 
  a computer for when she does something later . 
  i do n't know why i even bothered to read the rest of the comments . 
   europe does things differently , therefore america # 1 !, 
  so that 's why no country has ever adopted the metric system . 
   she still asks when we 'll have another wedding . 
  you better get cracking on that divorce , you do n't want to disappoint her . 
  probably never . 
  i 've never seen a woman that seemed too tall for me but maybe if she 's like 220cm or something i 'd reconsider . 
  a lot of strangereal is a mahsup of real geography . 
  scroll a bit up on the map and you can see hudson bay and greenland . 
  hudson bay is mangled and resused in usea . 
  europe and north africa are mangled and put on the west side of yuktobania . 
  that spain has iceland jammed into it but another iceland is north of belka . 
  strangereal actually avoids being on / r/mapswithoutnz .
