  not just alliance strength should be considered.preventing a pu over a 13 dev country it 's just not worth it , not even if austria were my mortal enemy . 
  except for all the eating after sundown . 
  i always start my matrices at 2 . 
  you do n't do that ? 
  how is the color determined for each location ? 
  does place mean state or city ? 
  if it 's the second is it the plurality of the states that determines the origin ? 
  the us east coast is largely purple with the closest purple word being ` dutch ' while it would be logical for purple to mean english there . 
  however ` english ' is located on the other coast . 
   is there even such a thing as online ... 
  yes . 
  yes there is . 
  mathworks is american so it would sooner be math laboratory . 
  that 's just a medium heavy ship , nothing to be afraid of . 
   most people who are an ass about the flag do n't even mind the flag code, 
  quite the opposite actually . 
  the people who do n't mind the flag code see it for what it is : a piece of cloth with a country 's logo . 
  having a code for government institutions to follow is logical . 
  wanting regular folks to strictly follow a code is weird . 
  the people who are asses about the flag are the people that are really insistent on others treating the flag the same way they do . 
  it 's often paired with bringing up dead soldiers as a reason to follow their will . 
  ca n't she just stop with the allcaps, 
  t ** he bold text that misses the first letter **, 
  sentences . 
  that . 
  are . 
  one . 
  word . 
  long . 
  and that also are all on a separate line ? 
  why would someone even bother reading anything when it looks like that ? 
  this . 
  i was really hoping for pied piper to get burned to the ground , instead we got another deus ex machina like last episode . 
  i just do n't care about the corporate drama anymore . 
  it 's turned into filler . 
  i still do n't know why they have n't made an option to disable india . 
  india is way too isolated to be interesting . 
  whenever i 'm conquering stuff i just stop at the indus river . 
  i 'd only buy the dlc for the ` convert to local culture or religion ' decision . 
  also scrolling on the subreddit i saw india 4 times in 200 posts . 
  there was a world conquest , an eu4 joke , half the world turned hindu for some reason and finally someone who actually played there . 
  is n't that a paternoster again but more complicated ? 
  how many replies to the comment above it have been posted here now ? 
  fire safety ? 
  in an area where people are constantly burning powder that is made to burn very well ? 
  preposterous !, 
  why did it have to be a red mold ? 
  i 'm trying first come first serve and france had broken a 30 year alliance because they wanted some landlocked south american provinces of mine after they got exploration ideas . 
  they then proceeded to not make a single colony for the next 100 years . 
  another reason to hate weegee ( never heard of him before anyway ) : he stretches every last syllable of all of his sentences ridiculously loooooong . 
  does that block the video or the entire channel ? 
  i 've installed an extension called video blocker to block channels with a simple right click . 
  is the extension unnecessary ? 
  why post the same thumbnail twice just hours apart ? 
  you just had to pick cinquante instead of something actually illogical like quatre-vingt-dix-neuf . 
  trump accidentally sent a half-finished tweet with a typo on twitter . 
  it read, 
   despite the constant negative press covfefe, 
  because trump needs to be in the news 24/7 otherwise the world ends it has become a meme . 
  uber and airbnb on the edge of being banned or are heavily monitored in multiple countries . 
  this is mainly because they say ` lol sharing economy bro ' and ` we 're not a hotel/taxi , we 're a service provider ' instead of following regulations made to protect consumers and paying taxes . 
  airbnb does n't care that it 's trying to ruin certain neighborhoods by constantly having high and drunk tourists making noise at night waking up the neighbors . 
  i saw an item on a student renting a single room in a student flat . 
  he had started locking his door because his flatmate airbnb 'd his own room . 
  he had multiple encounters with airbnb foreigners just walking into his room and going through his stuff . 
  amsterdam has made a regulation that you 're only allowed to rent out your house for 60 days of the year to keep the nuisance to a minimum . 
  airbnb actively resists reporting users that break this regulation just to get more money . 
   north hollywood, 
  tums festival has a larger chance of being a line from samurai cop than them coming over . 
  doder ? 
  maybe it 's to prevent accidentally pressing it . 
  the buttons are quite pronounced . 
  unintentional supercool is n't so bad compared o a fridge of rotting food . 
  $ 200 is way too much for a bunch of plastic lids . 
  dear sir/madam ,, 
  fire !, 
  fire !, 
  help me !, 
  123 cavendon road . 
  looking forward to hearing from you . 
  like most over the top characters he was good in small doses on the league . 
  when they started having full rafi episodes i just zoned out . 
  just do the jerking motions in reverse . 
   it takes like three seconds to look the term up on google . 
  the post you replied to just demonstrated that there is no * one * term . 
  the constantly evolving acronym is silly because no one can know what to use anymore . 
  but making jokes about a silly aspect of this topic is off-limits for some reason . 
  it 's not hunting if it just walks onto your plate . 
  it 's like that old joke :, 
  how do you know an american is 1/32 scottish , 1/24 german , 17,5674 % russian , 5/7 irish and 100 % italian ? 
  they tell you . 
  it 's basically a raspberry pi with an illegal stream program pre-installed on it . 
  you labeled a number of outliers !, 
  that immediately removes most of the unnecessary ` what episode is that spike ' questions . 
  could we implement this as a rule ? 
  they are in line with the slightly wider tiles . 
   we legalized gay marriage before germany . 
  you beat them by 2 years . 
  that 's still 14 years after the netherlands . 
  also a judge had to come in and say that equal treatment means equal treatment , even for gay people .
