  the first bit when erin and andy liked each other but did n't know that the other liked them back was pretty good . 
  it was a clear ` they will but when ' that was quickly resolved and should 've stayed that way . 
  instead we got eons of ` will they wo n't they ' . 
   `` is sweden trying to co-opt a slice of south louisiana culture ? '', 
   there are only two similarities : eating crayfish and having a party . 
  everything else is completely different . 
  so the answer is no . 
  why dedicate one of the two available stickies to this ? 
  just tell them to google ` us flag blue line ' or ` black us flag ' and remove the post . 
  you 're right that all those using reddit as google posts are annoying . 
  something like [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/vexillology/comments/6qnzbl/i_found_this_flag_all_over_greece_help/ ) can be instantly solved by googling ` greek flag eagle ' and reading the wiki page that pops up . 
  that 's 100 % intentional . 
  internet killed the video star ? 
   but none of them are necessary to enjoy eu4, 
  the dlc that allows you to increase development , common sense i believe , is absolutely crucial with the new institutions system if you play outside of europe and do n't want to lag incredibly far behind in tech . 
  tagging certain shirts as ` black ' wo n't end well . 
  it 's the same if you boil both down to ` poor midwestern family sitcom ' . 
  after that they 're completely different . 
  malcolm has the most dysfunctional family you can show in a sitcom that often gets into wild hi-jinks while the middle is about a regular family with regular problems . 
  i 'm talking about the unintentional racism shitstorm that will erupt when some shirts are tagged with ` for black people ' . 
  even if the tags are hidden certain shirts having black models can be seen as having implications . 
   scores are supposed to fall along a normal bell curve, 
  why ? 
  the gaussian distribution pops up all over the place and many things tend to follow it but it does n't mean scores * have * to . 
  has there been any research done on this subject with ` well - instructed ' reviewers ? 
  if people know beforehand that a movie will be receive a 0 or 1 ( and it 's not a publicity stunt like the emoji movie ) it will likely not make a lot of money and will not be made . 
  also if i had time to watch one movie and had to pick between one that looks like it 's shit and one that looks like it 's good i 'll pick the good one and skew the result . 
  100 % of the reviewers giving it a 6 results in an average of 6 but a 100 % rt score . 
  90 % of the reviewers giving a 10 and 10 % giving it a 4 results in an average of 9.4 but a 90 % rt score . 
  the second one is more divisive but is the better movie for most people . 
  i 'd want to see the see the second one because 90 % chance of * perfect * is better than 100 % chance of * it 's okay * . 
  both aggregates of ratings and approvals have their problems . 
  the best thing to help me decide what to watch would be a histogram but you ca n't put that in a ranking . 
  what if al gore was literally shitting in a bucket the entire time while sex junk played on repeat in the background but al had a slideshow that educated about climate change ? 
  would it still be deserving of a perfect 10 ? 
  political votes help nobody . 
  people like you are why oscar bait movies exist : purely judging on the subject and not the quality . 
  that sub pops up on this sub quite often . 
  100 % of the gaming sas i 've seen comes from there . 
  correction : i just saw a sas from dota2 but that 's basically the same thing . 
   one , america needs to be louder , angrier , and have access to a time machine . 
  two , whenever america 's not on screen , all the other characters should be asking `` where 's america '' ? 
  three --, 
  ancestry matters only to a small amount of people . 
  most people go by a combination of citizenship and culture . 
  if you behave like a mix of dutch and a turkish exclave you 're often not seen as full dutch . 
  on the other hand if the only noticeable difference between you and a ` real ' dutch person is your name and skin color nobody but real racists would call you a foreigner . 
  yeah !, 
  let 's get rid of the basis of democracy and put the power in the hands of a select few people !, 
  what will the new yorkers think of next ? 
  [ alaska also has a very concentrated population . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/law4fti.png ) 40 % of the people live in anchorage . 
  one big cable to anchorage will bump the average speed significantly . 
  if my mother ever distributed my likeness without written authorization i would disown her . 
  this . 
  keep an eye on the loot bar and do n't linger when it hits zero . 
  would you prefer it if they showed sansa getting raped on screen ? 
   klap , klap , klap, 
   19 hour days 7 days a week, 
  that leaves 5 hours a day for non-work which should all be spent on sleeping because otherwise you 'd probably die . 
   i could n't take it any more because i felt i was working for the government and other people rather than to advance my own family . 
  you were working for strangers anyway because you did n't have a family , you just had housemates you never saw . 
  if i had to choose between having a father and having an anonymous sugardaddy i 'd choose the father . 
   now i know opinions differ , but for me and my family ... plain average joes , the united states is the land of opportunity . 
  not by any metric i 've ever seen . 
  for instance economic mobility is low compared to other developed nations . 
  the us is the land of opportunity for people who consider a loan of one million dollars small . 
  better get the shooting done before the summer break . 
  yeah but he released the video the day before america day so it 's obviously meant to be political . 
  he was n't just mad at the pro trump people , he was also mad at the drumpf circlejerk people . 
  how did the lannister army get surprised by the dothraki ? 
  did they forget to send out scouts for some stupid reason like dramatic effect ? 
  they know there 's a whole army on dragonstone that could attack at any moment . 
  they know their lines are stretched but apparently did n't take any precautions to prevent getting surprised . 
  when you 're right next to a hill you put a lookout on that hill . 
  life 's so much easier now that there 's only one congo . 
  i 'm sorry , the card says ` moops ' . 
  [ that 's nothing !, 
  i 'm glad they did n't expand the map further to include china . 
  characters in india stay in india and do n't impact my games 99 % of the times . 
  the only time i interact with india is if i put myself near the indus river . 
  including india tanked the performance of my crappy laptop at the time . 
  i could play pretty well but adding 50 % more stuff to calculate pushed it over the edge . 
  if they * had * to include china for some fucking reason i 'm glad it 's this way . 
  many characters started lacking any purpose after the murder had been solved because that tied the whole show together . 
  james and donna only cared about each other and finding out what happened to laura and when that was revealed they had nothing to do . 
  james just left and donna did nothing until the terrible and unnecessary benjamin reveal . 
  in a rewatch as soon as james leaves twin peaks i start fast forwarding through his whole retarded car mechanic plot . 
  is n't that the policy of amsterdam itself to prevent getting flooded ? 
  why are people so shocked at this ? 
  it 's just clay . 
  mods please include a rule to ban obvious fake prank videos . 
   if something produces desired results , even through a placebo effect , then it technically does work . 
  that just means that the placebo effect works , not the homeopathy . 
  you could replace the homeopathic medicine with water that 's been farted on and get the same results . 
  but that would mean more regulations against the free market ^ tm and that 's communism !, 
   actual pepernoten are way worse than kruidnoten, 
  i bet you also dislike taaitaai , you barbarian . 
  there were like 10 different bb-8 props for different situations . 
  some of them moved on their own .
