  / r/worldnews the first three links :, 
  * survivors of the 9/11 attacks ... 
  * donald trump jr. ... 
   yea i think this post is a bit of a stretch, 
  / r/moviedetails in a nutshell, 
  in that thread there are so many people who do n't know the difference between a head of state and a head of government and keep bringing up prime ministers . 
  would not knowing how monarchies work also fit as sas ? 
  that 's irrelevant . 
   i did n't read the article, 
  read the fucking article before speculating . 
   all blacks are nothing but slaves again . 
  all whites are nothing but racist slave owners . 
  it 's pretty easy to be racist to both sides . 
  is this based on an existing book or something ? 
  if not i 'm afraid . 
  when d&d made up things on their own for got the quality often dropped . 
  i hope it will not be an entire show on the level of ` bad pussy ' . 
  relevant username ? 
  it 's a low and portable table you use when you do n't want to bend all the way down to the ground every time . 
   after the war game was restarted , its participants were forced to follow a script drafted to ensure a blue force victory . 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  disco inferno !, 
  this flag is more appropriate for a sports team in an alternate timeline where sports teams have bad flags . 
  he worked on it for his entire boyhood . 
  i had the booze , she had the chronic . 
  do you really call people cancerkid or typhoidwhore or cuntmongoloid when you get annoyed by someone ? 
  calling someone a name is different from using a disease as an adjective to describe something . 
  i 'd say `` ehhh , thanks ... ? '', 
  and look back at my phone . 
  we started doing that too last year . 
  we thought that getting loads of gifts was still fun so we decided that we would get a crappy $ 1-2 gift for all the other people . 
   i believe it 's because people are worried that gender/sex minorities are becoming `` mainstream '' due to the greater acceptance from society recently . 
  if someone is worried about that they 're doing it wrong . 
  technically not a czar would be the case if rasputin was a king and he called him a czar . 
  he was not royalty or nobility in any way . 
  source ? 
  thank for ~ ~ stealing my idea ~ ~ crediting me . 
  [ now melts !, 
  do n't drive under influence . 
   we know that driving stoned is n't really good but it is n't like driving drunk, 
  it is . 
   if you are n't too high you can easily manage to do it . 
  you ca n't . 
  if you really want to drive stoned i suggest you stay home and find a way to kill yourself without killing innocent bystanders . 
  that 's literally the joke and the entire point of this shot . 
  it 's not a detail . 
  the benny hill theme is well-known . 
  chases set to this music have been made loads of times . 
  i 've never seen the benny hill show and i know chases use this music . 
  normally i 'd be sad about unique buildings being destroyed but not this time . 
  i repeat : do not drive stoned !, 
  do n't do it . 
  stay home . 
   however the few times we need to drive , we are aware we are n't sober and so we take measures . 
  the only measure you take is to not drive . 
  you can do this by : staying where you are , calling a taxi/uber or using public transportation . 
   if we can , we will avoid it , but if it really needed ... 
  ... we plan ahead and make sure we do n't endanger others . 
  do n't make excuses for yourself . 
  just admit that you are a horrible person and stay home . 
  stay home . 
  stay home . 
  stay home . 
  stay home . 
  stay home . 
  stay home . 
  stay home . 
  stay home . 
  stay home . 
  stay home . 
  stay home . 
  tap beer implies it comes in a bigger can . 
  they may not be able to swaffel but they should have a constitutional right to do so . 
  not really . 
  the us collects stars , the uk collects crosses . 
  i thought i had finally forgotten about jack . 
  i 'm now getting flashbacks to him burning himself with splashing hot oil and him eating raw chicken . 
  do yourself a favor and do n't look at his other videos unless you 're ready to lose your appetite . 
  i can keep my appetite when listening about bodily functions being described in excruciating detail but seeing jack 's cool whip-jello-cream cheese-pineapple-cheese salad did it for me . 
   maybe you 'll see them once every 45 mins . 
  great . 
  why would i want to see him more ? 
  how many movies does will smith have to make before they do something about this issue ? 
  could be ? 
  they are 100 % american . 
  they could also be unitedstatesian . 
  you were talking about a hydra of trumpets . 
  it was pretty captivating . 
  i clicked play on the embedded video and the title changed from * centre dodgebow \u00ae \u00e0 montr\u00e9al * to * dodgebow \u00ae center in montreal * . 
  i did n't know youtube did that . 
  the sport looks cool but less dubstep and more wide shots of the sport itself would make this video more interesting . 
  now it looks like just solitary people shooting padded arrows out of view and people catching arrows instead of an actual sport . 
  not if it 's coming right at you . 
  so there 's a 20 years and a few months delay ? 
  exactly one year after defeating the illegal aliens will smith revealed that there are loads of legal aliens disguised among us already . 
  i wonder what will happen on 8 november 2017 . 
  if you want something from a waitress just grab her attention and ask . 
   then you have to ask someone else to track your server down .
