   and then we turned around and decided not to impose colonization on other people while our mother nation continued raping and pillaging everywhere she could . 
  which is why the usa only covers the east coast of the continent these days . 
  which is also why the monroe doctrine was never conceived and the usa never tried to depose regimes in other nations to benefit corporations . 
  the treatment of native americans was colonization and genocide . 
  i would n't call resettlement to less useful land ` allowed to become part of our society as citizens ' . 
  ` full rights and privileges ' means staying the way you are and staying where you are . 
   could we have colonized africa ? 
  yes . 
  did we ? 
  you did . 
  you colonized liberia to get rid of the free black folks . 
  dude weed lmao, 
   high school security guard, 
  that 's the one time i used it . 
  i had a train running as a shuttle that also carried supplies like ammo , miners , inserters and smelters . 
  filling a wagon with a stack size of 1 takes a loooong time . 
  i split the different supplies over 12 chests and recouped most of my speed that way . 
   safe prisons where you do n't fear for your life . 
  that sounds like slack jawed wimpy leftist talk !, 
  people in prison should be afraid to get raped in the shower and then stabbed to death every single day !, 
  but why would there be a flag on a construction crane in the first place ? 
  i ca n't think of a reason that makes sense . 
  i once asked a why there was a flag hanging is a factory on / r/pics or something and got downvoted without replies . 
  he did n't turn , he moved sideways . 
  after changing lanes the car was still pointing in the same direction . 
  turn signals are for turning a corner dummy . 
  / tv / would n't vote for trump monologue man or snl . 
   great way to examine your shit thoug, 
  it 's hard to judge size when the log sits in the water and lightly curves into the siphon . 
  you need a good size estimation if you 're going to feel proud about the size of your shit . 
  de aivd in je photo library kan. 
  the freedom to have your freedom taken away by private citizens instead of the government . 
  they keep the neighborhood nice . 
  they fine people who turn their front lawn into a junkyard or people who perform heavy metal concerts in the middle of the night . 
  at least that 's the idea . 
  an hoa can be taken over by control freaks who are very happy to be able to exert power over other people . 
   welcome to / r/dontdeadopeninside , it 's for signs/media that read as nonsense if read like a book : from left to right . 
   welcome to / r/dontdeadopeninside , it 's for signs/media that read as nonsense if read like a book : from left to right . 
  i sort of dislike these machines because i want to watch the oranges get obliterated but also need keep an eye on my bottle to prevent it from overflowing . 
  also if i made juice until i saw a satisfying amount of orange carnage i 'd end up with 5l of the stuff each time . 
   welcome to / r/dontdeadopeninside , it 's for signs/media that read as nonsense if read like a book : from left to right . 
   welcome to / r/dontdeadopeninside , it 's for signs/media that read as nonsense if read like a book : from left to right . 
   welcome to / r/dontdeadopeninside , it 's for signs/media that read as nonsense if read like a book : from left to right . 
  i tried looking online for a real reason for the nhl to boycott the olympics . 
  it looks like it comes down to just ` muh money ' . 
  can someone explain ? 
  i can see why it can be harmful for things like that with actual real life consequences . 
  but that to me seems like a whole separate issue from people not seeing someone only playing candy crush once as a real gamer . 
  the sub is a joke and goes full-retard mode taking the ` you can be anything you want ' literally . 
  words have meanings everywhere but on / r/gatekeeping . 
  [ poland ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_vienna_award ), 
  training a good ceo would also take a lot longer than the time available to search for a suitable candidate . 
  why would those few centimeters make a difference ? 
  how is this a detail ? 
  it 's obviously a coincidence . 
  why would jj abrams model a character after this random statue ? 
  the post says ` looks like ' so op has no clue if it 's actually confirmed to be the basis for maz . 
  this is cut from a larger pack . 
  you can see it from the two straight lines on the two corners facing the camera that should be real quarter circles . 
  also the date at the bottom is centered for a 3 wide pack . 
  i 'd wager the pack originally contained 8 pills in a 3x3 pattern with one at the top missing . 
  it actually looks really cool . 
  movie fighting often looks * very * boring because everything is made overly flashy attacks with no regard for practicality . 
  attacking means you 're not defending and leaves you open for a counterattack . 
  movie fighting often uses great big heaving swings where the fighter leaves his stomach exposed for countless seconds but that 's hidden with editing . 
  you might lose a 200 year alliance because france suddenly starts to ignore the treaty and your country gets a -200 opinion of them and breaks the alliance . 
  when did that change ? 
  i remember them not taking taking spots when just a vassal but taking them with a rm . 
  move the capital and you 're good . 
  getting the capital improvement boni in holland is just as good as getting them in wien . 
  21 comments in the thread there . 
  i 'm surprised he did n't also come here . 
  funnily in europe the stereotype is drunken english tourists starting drunken fights . 
  also if the english lose fights against the germans does n't that make the scots and ( northern ) irish double losers for being ruled by losers ? 
  that 's true but they ca n't have ` city of the world 's desire ' and conquer anatolia at the same time anymore . 
  but the americans are the traitors in the war for independence ... 
  ok now i know you serious . 
  the first comment would 've been a pretty good joke . 
  no one man can hold so much power . 
  does buzzfeed pay people to post this ? 
  literally every time someone does n't acknowledge their reputable journalism side some commenter crawls out of the woodwork to say ` ackchyually buzzfeed has good journalism . 
  you just have to wade through the mountain of shit that makes up 99 % of the site . ', 
  if the daily stormer has some good investigative journalism hidden somewhere it 's still not a reputable journalism outlet . 
  so you 're saying it safer to work in stripper pants ? 
  you could 've looked at the top post of this very sub first . 
  skinny jeans , not stripper pants . 
  got it . 
  i do n't really know anything about that subject but from what i read just now that seems to be, 
  a correct designation . 
  [ the armed wing of the anc ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/umkhonto_we_sizwe ) killed about 130 people in bombings . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but that sounds a lot like terrorism . 
  shane is rubbing his head * again * . 
  i 'm not a christian and learned most bible stories from second hand sources like the simpsons but i still recognized all the references he made . 
  i 'd think everyone would know at least about adam and eve . 
  eating jesus and cain and abel would be a bit less common knowledge but it 's still not obscure . 
  for one thing it 's 44 minutes long . 
  some video that 's 44 minutes long without a lot of upvotes can easily be junk . 
  yes . 
  are people really going to pay for the limited number of shows that netflix creates and that they also like ?
