   i love you girl , you 're so beautiful . 
   i want to be with you , you 're the best in the world . 
  yo nigga we rapping is this game . 
  we getting money all the time, 
  fucking hos , killing niggas , pimping , dealing drugs yo . 
   girl you make me feel like i can fly . 
   i want to meet your parents tell 'em how good a job they 've done . 
  for one , one of the paintings is hundreds of years old . 
  then why discriminate based on race ? 
  payday 2 had john wick as playable cameo character . 
  wow . 
  that is a terrible looking flag . 
  valve can make good games and has the potential to release a number of updates , sequels and new games and what they announced was another fucking card game . 
  do they think that 1865 actually occured in 1665 ? 
  also the usa has n't abolished slavery yet . 
   section 1 . 
  neither slavery nor involuntary servitude , except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted , shall exist within the united states , or any place subject to their jurisdiction . 
   section 2 . 
  congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation . 
  you ca n't claim to have abolished slavery and have the words ` except as a punishment for crime ' in the law supposedly banning it . 
  they are worth it . 
  there 's a new character , a number added missions , a few mini-campaigns with other characters and an expansion pack . 
  then there 's a boatload of in game items . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://dragonage.wikia.com/wiki/downloadable_content_\\ ( origins \\ ) ) a list with all the dlc except the expansion pack awekening . 
  steam sells the ultimate edition ( all dlc ~ ~ except ~ ~ * plus * awakening ) for the same price as the normal edition for some reason . 
  i hope not . 
  that means more batteries to keep charged next to my phone . 
  you 're right . 
   but really , no other game developer would take consideration to their fans not upgrading their hardware . 
  this is n't a sequel , it 's a patch . 
  should people become unable to play a game they paid money for because an update fucked it over ? 
  or should a player be forced to stay on an older version of a game that they paid money for ? 
  if you do n't immediately know what it 's selling 50 % of the time it 's a car or a fragrance . 
  helaas begrijpt google niet direct dat ik een in de buurt gelegen dorp bedoel en niet * board of european students of technology , avenue roger vandendriessche 18 , 1150 bruxelles , belgium * . 
  exactly . 
  not everyone has played payday 2 . 
  magic regenerating car door windows !, 
   how my government is fucking me every time i spend money, 
  that sounds like something someone who really believes ` taxes are theft ' would say . 
  that song does not show she 's a good singer . 
  it shows someone used a lot of post processing . 
  do you have a better example ? 
  the most boring useless character is rickon . 
  who are you planning to stab ? 
  the place where the us borders stop resembling the eu4 ones is about the point where american border drawers gave up and completely switched over to straight lines ,, 
  is this a serious submission or a silly civilization custom nation ? 
  the second place really is the same as the first place . 
  is n't he too tall to be speaking like that ? 
  currently playing aragon -  spain and you 're spot on for tunis and mali . 
  tunis stopped getting other allies besides the ottos so there 's no way for me to win what should be an easy war . 
  would it help if i release and emancipate a vassal near tunis and hope they get an alliance ? 
  flag of sweden if they did n't appreciate aligning . 
  i solved it . 
  sometime between building a spy network and fabricating a claim on cyprus the ottos started guaranteeing them . 
  i did n't notice until i after i declared war . 
  in a gruesome war i go them to 10 % warscore and made them break the alliance with tunis . 
  the moral of the story is : check allies when you want to declare a war , not two months before . 
   this puppy, 
  i expected mr. peanutbutter, 
  about 5 % ? 
  how influential was his single belgian great great grandparent that he/she outshone the other 15 ? 
  you do n't have to censor yourself here , just say tax haven . 
  this is n't a detail . 
  aragorn ` tames ' theodred 's horse and later on that same horse saves him . 
  how can you miss this ? 
   accidentally, 
  good one . 
  map of population density in the continental us . 
  so a speech impediment or an accent makes someone a pedophile ? 
  i hope you bite your tongue once and get mistaken for a pedo . 
  inb4 b-b-but buzzfeed actually has good investigative journalism you just have to wade through the crap . 
  maybe do n't push on the lid the next time . 
  that is the joke . 
  room 101 is 10000 % of the time a 1984 reference . 
  quite a bit . 
  then again i should lose some weight . 
  yes . 
  i 've had a mice in my home and these look what they left behind . 
  i see it as two seasons that are accidentally split at the wrong episode . 
  it 's so very different after ` season 1 ' ends . 
  that 's the joke . 
  [ oc ] for google trends , does that count ? 
  also some context would be nice because post like these made me google * goolag * which is the reason this post could be made . 
  does that do anything ? 
  / u/igivefreecompliments gets mad when you tag him . 
  `` just moved to a town of plastic norwegians and put up an irish flag to show that i 'm a plastic paddy . '', 
  why not make a new show instead of digging up an old one ? 
  i have tried the buffalo wing soda once because i was curious . 
  protip : do n't do it . 
  continuously flipping audio channels from left to right does not touch my soul . 
  why are people in that thread so mad that the usa was n't the first entity to oppose fascism ? 
  they do n't have to redefine ` original ' as part of the group that fought in the war that ended fascist rule two decades after it came to power in italy . 
  instead they strawman every remark on originality into the usa not participating at all . 
  there was a post by someone who looked into this survey and found that the czech questions were translated differently which incited a more negative response compared to the englisgh question . 
  go see a therapist . 
  stop hanging around subreddits like roastme amiugly and incels . 
  talk about your issues with somebody who actually knows how to deal with this stuff . 
  is there and actual video of this instead of an edited ad ? 
  it will get you to be happy with who you are . 
  juous ?
