  memories of a vassal swarm france return . 
  i have seen most of these nations because i released them when i had warscore left after maxing out ae but have n't seen them form ` naturally ' . 
  ideally there would be no food banks because everyone would be able to afford food . 
  i have n't seen anything to the contrary . 
  it 's not about disrespect . 
  it 's about not getting murdered . 
  funky native american town names that happen to be the same as the capital of another country ? 
  swag was a word before it also got the fellow kids definition . 
  why did you make the bands for the bars so wide ? 
  you have the more precise data . 
  also the first two names have white text on a grey background . 
  not that ducking thing again . 
  cannons fire from the back row and are always useful to have . 
  not just from tech 16 . 
  also last time i saw this sheet i asked the question what is ideal about this ? 
  money ? 
  manpower ? 
  ( not this one cuz no cannons ), 
  the zwirbaum source from the sheet :, 
   most important thing to know about artillery is that it can as the only unit in the game , that can, 
  engage enemy front unit from backrow . 
  as such artillery is the unit that is useful in your second, 
  line during battle . 
  while they 're at the second line ( backrow ) they 'll deal half of the fire damage in, 
  the fire phase , and full shock damage in the shock phase . 
  when artillery will find itself in the front line it will behave as standard unit with only one exception :, 
  they 'll also receive double damage from all sources . 
  this means you do n't want to find with your, 
  artillery at the frontline . 
  arty is always good to have . 
   last thing to know , is that artillery units contribute half of their defensive pips ( shock/fire ) to unit in, 
  front of them . 
  one thing to know is that - in case of 1 defensive fire/shock pip , it 'll provide no benefit, 
  to the unit in front . 
  ( which means artillery will start to provide defensive benefits earliest at tech 16, 
  with chambered demi cannons and their 2 defensive fire pips . ), 
  arty gives a defensive bonus from tech 16 but that 's just an extra . 
  you do n't use arty for the defensive bonus . 
  i still do n't really know why one term is acceptable and the other is n't . 
  i know ` history behind the term etc. ', 
  but its still basically the same thing . 
   welcome to / r/dontdeadopeninside , it 's for signs/media that read as nonsense if read like a book : from left to right . 
  ck2 attrition is ridiculous sometimes . 
  a plague can set the supply limit from 30000 to 10 . 
  when a plague happens i need to stop reinforcing my retinue and put them on a boat to iceland to keep my troop numbers up . 
  how are you able to film this and have both hands on the steering wheel and focus on the road at the same time ? 
  he did n't put walnuts in the goblet so i 'm not sure if it 's a walnut goblet . 
  it might as well be a skittles goblet . 
  throw on a bunch of filters and and a title and you have an album cover . 
  i have n't yet experienced pagan homeland attrition and a plague at the same time but i 'm sure it 's delightful . 
  it 's not even a physical reaction . 
  i was waiting for the bottle to flip over and to see how well it would resettle /, 
  use 3.0 * 10 ^ 5 miles if you want to denote the correct amount of significant figures . 
  300,000 miles means anywhere between 299,999.5 and 300,004.9 ... miles . 
   i was born in a valley of bricks, 
  everyone starts out as a nobody with no career accomplishments . 
  [ come on man . 
   welcome to / r/dontdeadopeninside , it 's for signs/media that read as nonsense if read like a book : from left to right . 
  same in the netherlands . 
  fuck you ziggo !, 
  i left you last year because i want internet that does n't ever crap out . 
  i 'm confused . 
  did he think that 100 % european ancestry means from 100 % of the available european countries ? 
  how much traceable finnish ancestry should his scottish/irish ancestors have gotten before they moved to the usa ? 
   and dutch language stereotypes are always based on the german language, 
  i 'm always confused about what to feel when i see that . 
  like , if you 're going to make fun of my country 's stereotypical accent at least do it properly . 
  the accent is very distinctive , * very * easy to make fun of and very not german . 
  only if she 's 5 ' 3, 
  damn that / r/finland thread got libertarian 'd hard . 
  i like them on games with a lot of replay value when they give me some new challenges . 
  in eu4 i check the list of uncompleted achievements before starting a new game and try to get an achievement that sound fun to get . 
  in the first ( and a lot of subsequent ) playthrough of a game i just ignore the achievements until it pops up and i thing ` hey , that 's pretty neat ' . 
  i do n't actively try to get achievements until after i have like 100 into the game and this way they ca n't ruin anything . 
  so they moved to the csa * during * the civil war ? 
  or a british , spanish or french colony before it became part of the usa ? 
  otherwise they still moved to the usa . 
  also i 'll repeat the question : why did you expect to have finnish genes ? 
  how much finnish blood did you expect to have ? 
  it 's entirely possible to not have ancestors from a far away part of europe . 
   it either was n't really communism, 
  [ there you have it folks . 
  guaranteed employment sounds pretty nice . 
  this . 
  i do n't watch typical american talk shows unless the guest is someone i already like and i know that they themselves can make the interview interesting . 
  i can however watch any random graham norton episode and be entertained . 
  een dag later ... 
  if you would have described everything including eros i 'd probably tl ; dr it . 
  if you want to describe more this is a good length for installments . 
  i always throw 5 pope points in the lottery and spend the rest on useful things . 
  yes . 
  how long have n't you played eu4 ? 
  westernization has been gone for almost a year . 
   `` it did n't fall from the cold blue sky , '' said ms. van hooijdonk, 
  i 've seen a ` muh ww2 means automatic eu citizenship for all us citizens ' here ( or down in a linked comment chain ) before . 
  my dog remembers this 50 % of the time . 
  she also sometimes swerves to walk on the same side of a low pole as me . 
  then i just want her to understand that it 's not necessary because the pole is lower than my crotch and she almost made me trip over her . 
   because capitalism is completely immune to corruption , and it 's going so fucking well for us now . 
  yes that 's what i said !,
