  the window guys were decidedly inefficient . 
  unless the time it takes to get from one set of windows to another is exactly the same for both sides . 
  washing one side has zero influence on washing the other side . 
  there is no need for one of them to wait for the other . 
  do n't listen to politicians on gun definitions . 
  that guy would be woken up anyway when the plane took off because he needed to wear his seat belt . 
  it disincentivizes buying expensive tickets . 
  people would just buy cheap tickets on quiet flights in hopes of getting a free upgrade . 
  dippie doe  slagharen, 
  why take pictures whey you have some already ? 
  getting loads of upvotes . 
  well , i forgot to remember to forget . 
  if you want just the facts you can just google it . 
  if you want a personal experience you still google it and then you can say `` i found this hat from boat x. 
  what is your personal experience with boat x ? '', 
  if others want to know they can google it themselves . 
  you do n't have to start a conversation by asking a stupid question . 
  did you just assume my nationality ? 
  i 'm european , everybody knows 911 and i know 999 from the it crowd as the lame alternative to 0118999881999119725-3 . 
  see : youtube ... 
  that was seven years ago . 
  another good tip is to move the arm rest up before trying to drag a person out of a seat . 
  do n't change your number , i need to make you mine . 
  i did n't actually mean people should be dragged off . 
  it 's just that in this case they did n't put the armrest up and dragged the doctor over the armrest which meant that he had to come down again . 
  that coming down was against the armrest on the other row of seats . 
  if they moved the armrest this whole debacle probably would have ended a lot less bloody . 
  what a surprise !, 
  well i never ... 
  in a lot of first person games the camera is somehow between the nipples . 
  it always makes it look like your character is really small but when you switch to third person mode you 're exactly as tall as all the other characters . 
  [ it fits so well . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/lauuy2y0quc?t=28 ), 
  remember the western europe sea trade node ? 
  you could have used a better indicator than just those two red lines . 
  my thinkpad w520 from 2011 also had 4gb . 
  it was not enough because i do n't use it just to browse facebook . 
   and you need to replace your ram why ? 
  most of the times i get into portugal it 's because i think ` why not ? ' . 
  they 're often secretly quite weak despite being a great power and it 's easy to take their entire empire in a couple of wars . 
  did n't netflix replace half the original music for licensing reasons ? 
  before i saw this tip years ago it never even occurred to me to leave the water running . 
  [ hunting accident intensifies ], 
  just splash some water on the toothpaste in the sink . 
  toothpaste does n't dry in two minutes . 
  that 's fart rape . 
  now make a duet of rich 's screeches and jessi 's cackling . 
  implied rape is still rape . 
  is every nerd crew video getting a comparison video ? 
  we get it . 
  why reply to a comment that you did n't read properly ? 
  egypte , egypte, 
  californi\u00eb , californi\u00eb, 
  might as well try . 
  do you know what also gives a hard cut-off ? 
  the edge of the screen . 
  that was n't caused by the bombs . 
  that would be really cool . 
  slightly off topic : i had seen the backlash about the juicero but i had n't seen the ad . 
  holy shit is it annoying . 
  i would n't even get it for free with such a shitty ad . 
  he must really like noord-brabant !, 
  maybe he 's seen this discussion before on reddit and looked it up and suspiciously remembered the number . 
  ianal but i think a bunch of those would be considered entrapment in other countries . 
  it looks like the author is american . 
  to me it always seemed that american cops are allowed to do pretty much anything to convince innocent people to commit crimes . 
  i saw a dutch documentary on prostitution in america . 
  the cops dressed up like hookers and hung into the window of random cars . 
  they were basically asking the drivers to fuck them . 
  the only thing they did n't do was ask for payment and they waited for the driver do ask for a price . 
  the presenter said to the cops that this would be considered entrapment in our country . 
  the problem with sex offender lists is that it 's apparently way to easy to get on it . 
  i 've heard stories of people getting on it for urinating near a children 's playground in the middle of the night . 
  so you 'd rather wait for them to rape a child and punish them afterwards than trying to prevent a rape ? 
  did you copy a youtube comment ? 
  remind me , how did the nation they rebelled against come into existence ? 
   institutions will no longer spread automatically in trade company member provinces after the owning country due to the owner country embracing them . 
  rip asia . 
   ships on the seas now have a sailors maintainance cost of about 2 % each month . 
  some ideas and effects can reduce it . 
  are sailors useful now ? 
   ai now cares more about the treaty of tordesillas ( especially when allied with claimant ) . 
  i involuntarily lost many a long alliance to tordesillas violations . 
   fixed that coalition warning in peace view did n't show tributaries or daimyos . 
  guessing if coalitions form sucks . 
  i might pick up my se asia again . 
   state maintenance reduction values are now shown when building buildings with modifiers to state maintenance . 
  again , guessing sucks . 
   estimate for how much you will earn from making a state now also assumes you will make it a full core . 
  does it also show the expected maintenance in the tooltip again ? 
  i do n't know why that was removed . 
  please do n't . 
  basically the same shirt but with ` do n't be happy worry ' is posted every week . 
  username checks out . 
  the benefits they get is their salary . 
  just like any other job . 
  and there you have it folks . 
  i 'd say some form of astronomical measuring unit would be the best . 
  that 's not an off-brand . 
  he 's getting downvoted because he 's butthurt someone made a joke on a circlejerk subreddit about something he likes .
