  so there are now french flags on the moon !, 
  it 's so obvious it does n't need that much discussion . 
  also please do n't say ` dae cold war history nerd ' . 
  bricks bricks bricks, 
  ] ( https://www.identitygames.nl/media/tz_portfolio/article/cache/witte-gijt-96-3_l.jpg ) en [ fortune ] ( https://cf.geekdo-images.com/images/pic299415_md.jpg ) . 
  [ relevant 30 rock ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3rrnlyojsa ), 
  although the episode is 7 years old and new white princesses have been added . 
  inventing the usb flash drive has literally nothing to do with occupying foreign territory . 
  godwin time : nazis were good with rockets so their occupation of poland was fine . 
  look at all the scientific progress ww2 gave us !, 
  israel does not have to antagonize the palestinians to thrive . 
  israel does not have to occupy palestine to keep their guard up . 
  not occupying palestine would give israel more support/less hate from literally everyone in the world but jews and americans . 
  it is not in the worlds best interest to prop israel up and give them weapons to murder civilians . 
  if you 're going to reach to antiquity to justify the occupation you should consider the peoples that lived in the area before the jews and the past 2000 years of other peoples living in the area that therefore also have a claim . 
  i 'd like a yellow banner and to remind me when one of my subjects has debts i can pay . 
  later in the game i 'm often swimming in money and bribing my unruly subjects is a lot better than throwing prestige or mana at it . 
  a toggle on each country to disable the banner for certain countries would also be nice . 
  right now it takes a bunch of clicks to check if i could do it . 
  i need to go to the country view , subjects tab , the subject itself and look at the pay off debt button . 
  frankly i forget to check altogether a lot of the time . 
   200k troops in the 1800th, 
  i 'd be surprised if people would use troops at all . 
  space robots would be more likely . 
  if he 's asking about the cinema in the us i 'd wager he has n't . 
  that 's right , jay . 
  nice haul . 
  a playstation 3 for $ 20 . 
  if only i found it first . 
  you said you could always sell it ... 
  twin peaks is coming back , psych is coming back . 
  it must all be connected !, 
  what if your tie gets between the bricks ? 
  you 'll be trapped and people will discover your skeleton 100 years later . 
  it 's 1917 . 
  the germans have been doing that for the past 3 years . 
  he did n't say it was new , he just said it 's possible in 0.15 . 
   lower long term costs, 
   battery repair/replacement costs, 
   otger reasons, 
  this is just sloppy . 
  i do n't trust the data if it gets published this way . 
  please fix your typos and capitalization . 
  apparently the ai does n't reserve a slot for the player anymore . 
  lawyers are n't necromancers . 
  i always wondered what happened that made ustio cede 1/3rd of its area to ratio . 
  it 's not suspicious at all . 
  there 's an explanation right below it . 
   used to, 
  just look at his [ twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/neiltyson ) . 
  did you ask them whose job they think it is to make sure that really bad fires are uncommon ? 
   the show kind of restarted, 
  this happens every year . 
  in episode 2f09 , when itchy plays scratchy 's skeleton like a xylophone , he strikes the same rib in succession , yet he produces two clearly different tones . 
  i mean , what are we to believe , that this is a magic xylophone , or something ? 
  ha ha , boy , i really hope somebody got fired for that blunder . 
  stop calling it a mistake . 
  it 's willful endangerment of innocent lives . 
   involuntary manslaughter, 
  she chose to get drunk and start driving that car . 
  there 's nothing involuntary about that . 
  why exactly is it purple anyway ? 
  heavy oil has a brown drop and a brown bar , the same holds for light oil and lubrication . 
   arjen lubach is op 12 mei de gast in college tour . 
  place your bets now ladies and gentlemen !, 
  they should be striped . 
  now you have no way of knowing what religion the county actually has without clicking around some more . 
  the white also looks a lot like the catholic white . 
  whelp , now i want to be ed sheeran . 
  i never knew . 
  to stop the raiding , nothing more . 
  once i have the entire coast i 'm done . 
  is n't it ? 
  what is that spreadsheet optimized for , money , combat width or force limit ? 
  ideal can hold very different meanings for different countries . 
  the sheet only uses arty from tech 16 onwards stating ` only from this tech onwards will artillery deal more damage than infantry in fire fase . ', 
  does it account for arty firing from the back row and it adding morale to the front row ? 
  east !, 
  [ these things exist . 
   something else , such as a code , or a phrase that only you know, 
  these are commonly called passwords . 
  why not ? 
  it 's just air . 
  why just cirlce that part ? 
  the whole map is shitty . 
  it can buy enough time for you own expansion . 
  would n't you want autoplay on playlists ? 
  is n't that the whole idea of playlists ? 
  it 's over japan , i have the mountains !, 
  this is n't just random . 
  it 's researched material told in a whimsical manner . 
  hehe, 
  [ which gaul did they bring along to say that ? 
  in the thumbnail it looked like a smiling flag , the two white parts on his shirt are the eyes . 
  does the spring fall over at the slightest disturbance ? 
  if not , it 's still stable . 
  are you saying people claimed that nikolaas van tessel was n't dutch ? 
  i use a thing like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pdjibos.jpg ) . 
  stop posting recipes . 
  a mod already explained it in on another submission of yours .
