poland borders ukraine . 
  ukraine is having border troubles wake up people !, 
  deepwater horizon cost bp more than 54 billion . 
  that includes a 18.7 billion settlement to the us gulf states and something like 10 billion ( this number is always increasing because of the long term health care cost ) in settling suits for health related expenses . 
  it 's like beethoven was born to some sort of master race !, 
  i 'd expect them to refuse and go on hunger strikes . 
  [ truly mans most majestic form ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/slavs_squatting/ ), 
  there are millions of young americans disheartened with the cost of getting an education europe could poach if they wanted to boost population figures . 
  which 9 out of 10 iowan women have used as a dildo . 
  it 's the documentary idiocracy . 
  nah they probably got sold a fake passport . 
  do n't worry noilrway we 're coming !, 
  that 's been a big part of what hungary has been trying to stress . 
  you 're supposed to get documented in the first safe country you enter . 
  at least romania has the best neighbor ever for looking good in comparison with moldova . 
  but all my simulations in eu4 show it 's trivial !, 
  abandon wallonia and rejoin flanders to the netherlands . 
  that 's why you make it mandatory , it avoids any mess unless it turns up negative for being the guys kid . 
  might not bother with offshore accounts and such when he can openly flaunt his corruption by having the government pay for a 600 million dollar palace . 
  send them to bir tawil . 
  it 's the capital of italy duh . 
  it 's been safe ever since he built that ridiculous palace for himself . 
  yes it 's called suicide . 
  think of the millions of children having to live in greece !, 
  or that scottland has to take shit . 
  it 's that kind of attitude that drives them to want to be seperate . 
  closing the borders does n't stop them . 
  would be nice to see the populations on the table as well . 
  if that should fail with greenland everyone will get them mixed up and invade the wrong country . 
  yeah they made a bad comparison with using a regional observation of europe compared to all of america . 
  america has similar regions where the food will be better because it 's locally grown and fresh . 
  the fruit of the west coast simply loses quality when it has to be shipped across a continent to places like new york . 
  that 's actually pretty a pretty disastrous imbalance . 
  china 's worst was about 80 to 100 . 
  attendance should be taken into the context as well . 
  at least by the photos it looks like significantly less people attended this year . 
  should dam the strait of gibraltar drain the mediterranean and then you can build a fence from africa and the middle east . 
  lower wages mate , like how it has been getting discussed to make exceptions to the minimum wages for refugees . 
  and takes away a job from a citizen, 
  how prominently spoken is galician and asturian in their regions ? 
  you left out the other half of the russian history cycle . 
  russia wanted a warm water port , and then things got worse . 
  how has the inflation of the last few years affected things ? 
  `` that 's will smith dumb ass . '', 
   dardanelles there 's a bridge that 's going to be built . 
  i had forgotten how lovely the chain bridge is , nice to see it again in another season . 
  considering the industrial revolution starting and the american economy coming into existence though i 'd expect that 's more about others increasing their share than india 's decreasing . 
  `` 140 more images '' please have mercy i actually had things i wanted to do today !, 
  have you tried creating more generals ? 
  wo n't someone please think of the waffles !, 
  i for one am in favor of becoming a moon of saturn . 
  in this case though how could spain give back what they do n't have ? 
  probably worse for integration if they are n't started young . 
  what would be the purpose of giving the babies money ? 
  earthquakes are the reason for that where mythbusters are . 
  strong is bad when your house has to flex . 
  if you have those high salaries chances are your employee covers most or all the cost of your nice health insurance plan . 
  london host nfl games they 're practically a state at this point . 
  pretty sure the ottoman empire is n't attacking them . 
  nah make a fleet of nuclear powered fishing vessels !, 
  should have put estonia on nordic graph . 
  would make seeing where they take over finland easier too . 
  that ca n't be right i do n't see any bicycles . 
  would n't that be istanbul ? 
  joking aside i do like poland 's future outlook for a place someone might relocate to . 
  polish-lithuanian commonwealth shall rise again !, 
  it 's very easy to understand , it 's all about jobs and pay . 
  people who talk negatively about the humanities simply value what the average joe could expect to get out of a career using a university degree in stem compared to humanities . 
  would they not try to bill a foreign tourist for detention ? 
  i wish journalist would question that more . 
  so then what do you think that does to syria 's economy when millions leave ? 
  are you really basing an economic solution off the utter annihilation of any economic prospects of other countries ? 
  [ i 'm more interested in the floridas . 
  yeah but they keep to the eastern mediterranean they 're not much of a neighbor to portugal . 
  actually it 's pretty common for those fleeing persecution to have to deal with it all the way along their travels deep into europe . 
  the lack of discrimination has caused refugees to be unable to escape their persecutors from home as they are making the same journey in large numbers . 
  it 's one of the worst results of the handling of the refugee situation . 
  you ca n't accept the unwilling . 
  `` poland started ww1 too '' - russia, 
  the un refugee convention defines a refugee as one fleeing well founded persecutions . 
  if the current refugee laws based on that do n't allow the disqualification of those who perpetuate persecution then they clearly need to be changed . 
  give the netherlands back to poseidon first . 
  for his eastern poland investing of course , he 'll have a massive advantage over others and become very wealthy !, 
  i 'd prefer if it was a rapid steady rate and we get the capital of culture for 2185 in 2 years . 
  gold 's value is very unstable . 
  a 25 % increase in the last 6 months is great but it often sees similar massive drops over a short period as well . 
  even with that big growth it 's still down about 15 % from when buying gold was a big fad . 
  you get what you pay for . 
  i see why the nhs needed the money now . 
  nostrils on he side and whatever the fuck is going on with the first guy they have an epidemic of nasal defects . 
  we got it on our side too . 
  people complaining about how obama talking about the consequences of leaving the eu makes them want to leave more because of the attitude . 
  yeah but he 's no pig fucker as far as i know . 
  rename it new dublin . 
  as long as you stay above mississippi things will be alright . 
  we 're trying our best with the leaded water we 'll tell you how it works out later . 
  now he 's going to assume they belong to argentina since they 're so close . 
  of course not that 's where they kept their grain . 
  i 'm disappointed you did n't list white as future netherlands . 
  going off all this confusion i 'm guessing `` bathing suits '' is just used in american english then ?
