  if everyone attempts to withdraw , well , you get the idea . 
  they fucked up cypriotic economy . 
  just in time for the oil reserve deals . 
  can someone link to data on car usage , gas prices and average income ? 
  i think that less people driving leading to less people dying is not progress . 
  i was expecting uk to be the first on the chart . 
  i also had to awkwardly lean on my left to read the graph . 
  insert remove kebab copypasta here . 
  typically you 're either externalizing the environmental damage ( ie pv manufacturing in china ) or dramatically increasing the cost of energy for consumers ( see germany ) . 
  for the rest of the countries ( like greece ) that need cheap energy to build their industry , you slow down the progress too much and add a big cost to it . 
  also you have very damaging technicalities , like natural gas being considered environmentally friendly , so countries with a cheap supply of gas are in a disproportionately advantageous position . 
  not to mention the external dependencies you create . 
  i 'm not saying reduced emission targets are bad , but we 're just displacing the emissions to other countries . 
  if your aluminium producers face 3x the cost in eu , they 're going to move to china , where they do n't even install fly ash filters on their coal plants ... 
  so maybe we should focus more on the research of actually viable solutions to the energy crisis . 
  very interesting . 
  also fyromians hate you because they 're in denial about their identity . 
  i was joking about it - i do n't think estonia is that bad . 
  it 's a relatively poor country with northern-tier bad weather , so it 's certainly not the most appealing country , but it 's definitely an ok place to live . 
  well , at least someone wanted to live in estonia , which is pretty spectacular on it 's own . 
  what the hell is going on ? 
  how did this start ? 
  is that a knife ? 
  the real question is whether they can personally identify people . 
  if so it 's fucked up . 
  otherwise , despite my despise for such huge centralization of power , i think it 's good to share data for ai training . 
  even if the public only benefits very indirectly . 
  yeah the next step is dehumanizing them to allow for cheap labour within the borders . 
  people should have not allowed this . 
  unresolved inheritance issues are probably a worldwide problem . 
  they tend to get a low-priority status in courts because to be honest they are low priority , and typically it 's very hard to figure out who 's right ( if anyone `` is right '' ) . 
  but 16 years is way too long , and if they both own a piece of land that ca n't be divided , they should sell it and split the money . 
  i guess that this person really needed money . 
  i 've heard of similar cases , but thankfully the participants were n't that desperate . 
   less than a quarter are you fucking serious ? 
  are you really greek or just a troll ? 
  pretty much nobody has a pool ... where the hell do you live ? 
  and what 's `` massive '' ? 
  80-100m ^ 2 for a family of four ? 
  what kind of population percentage has pools ? 
   damn , i guess that 's unfortunate for me considering that 's what i 'm studying . 
  it really is , we really need better psychologists but i guess that 's not happening any time soon . 
  i 'm sorry you have absolutely no insight on human psychology . 
  the urge to hurt the people that hurt you is not a media creation , it 's an instinct . 
  so yeah , the trigger might be another shooting , but it has nothing to do with the actual cause . 
  media exposure to shootings can not convince a normal individual to act like this , the person has to be already mentally unstable and preparing for such an event . 
  that 's a completely retarded opinion . 
  do you really think that a guy would literally kill himself because `` others are doing it '' ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  no , we really do n't want a millitary government in turkey , we do n't want any sort of tension . 
  can you imagine what the fuck would happen if the turkish coup government started a war ? 
  that 's more of a perfect opportunity for germany to hire cheap engineers , researchers and trained , experienced specialty workers . 
  i vaguely remember seeing this before , but i 'm not sure where . 
  yeah and on top of that i believe that the swedish public has roughly the same opinion with germany that has been phasing out nuclear energy . 
  i can see having some or most of the current reactors replaced , but i honestly doubt they 'll build more . 
  the article writer seems to be a bit too optimistic and excited about nuclear energy to be objective . 
  yeah , no surprise . 
  it 's a political platform now . 
  i was never a big fan of eurovision , but the jury-voting system and the political influences are making it not worth watching . 
  and i did n't . 
   `` im not polish , im jewish '' thanks for pointing this out , apparently the statistics are biased . 
  i 'm sure many people are jewish but also feel polish , so there 's that . 
  yeah , that 's a lie . 
  not only because the statistics are purposfully too optimistic , but also because gdp `` growth '' means nothing . 
  the real reason greek gdp increased in 2014 was n't the economy growth . 
  there were n't any new factories or successfull bussiness or jobs that increased circulation . 
  instead what happened is that the greek government is forced to sell out more and more infrustructure for pennies and close down a bunch of bussinesses with excessive and unfair taxation . 
  these transactions count as gdp . 
  they represent nothing related to actual growth . 
  the real income and economy of greece is still shrinking at an ever increasing rate . 
  technically you can never drive again . 
  imho the french economy stays afloat because of the large government subsidies , high spending and strong worker unions . 
  if these things go down , so will the french economy . 
  but i guess we 'll find out soon enough . 
  that sounds like a great way to ruin our economy further . 
  why pay 5.5 cents / kwh for coal when we can pay 20-40 times as much for solar ? 
  that would certainly help with our heavy industry eh ? 
  why is macron trying to cut down public spending ? 
  what are they hoping to achieve ? 
  getting rid of dual citizenship mean you 'll get millions and millions of people that after spending 20-30 years of their lives in a certain country , they 'll still be treated like second class citizens because they do n't want to renounce their nationality . 
  forcing one identity to people is stupid and dangerous , one can be both british and dutch , greek and swede , finnish and french etc. 
  it 's not like values , ideals and cultures of different countries are mutually exclusive . 
   is it common knowledge in greece , that there is so much centralization towards the athens region ? 
  yes  are there certain stereotypes attached to an athenian in greek society ? 
  the stereotype ( and the truth ) is that athens is really ugly . 
  i mean the urban sprawl is fucking disgusting . 
  as for stereotypes , athenians are often considered self-centered or full of themselves , which sometimes is true and others is n't . 
   what do you think about this strong centralization ? 
  your comparison with japan made me realize that rough terrain might have been a big part of it . 
  even in the late 60 's and 70 's many rural areas were very disconnected from the big cities , often with unpaved roads and no electricity , simply because the terrain made it really expensive to connect them . 
  so when people decided to leave their villages for a city , athens was chosen because it was already big . 
  it was also during that time we had a big housing construction boom , so that might have been part of the equation too . 
  yes , but at some point it was picked as our capital and eventually it grew . 
  at least this spared nauplion ( out old capital ) from destruction . 
  also athens was in a much better location with regards to connectivity and transport , but i do n't know if this was considered in its time . 
  that 's because this post is misleading . 
  the map is that of rain ** anomaly ** in july 2017 . 
  that is how far from the average this month was . 
  you still got a lot of rain , just slightly less than average , while crete for example got almost no rain , but just a bit more than usual . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.cpc.ncep.noaa.gov/products/analysis_monitoring/regional_monitoring/1cpcp1.png ) is this june 's total precipitation map .
