no , no it does n't . 
  you mean your government actually fixed something ? 
  i ca n't imagine our government mass firing corrupted personnel . 
  probably because they 'd have to resign themselves . 
  [ they definitely charm the women . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/article-1262792/british-students-cause-drunken-havoc-spanish-holiday-resort.html ), 
  take a look at rt and you 'll know why . 
  \\  tfw greece finally had a role in the aerospace industry . 
  i 'm pretty sure someone was targeting him . 
  iirc , greece makes just some simple munitions nowdays . 
  unfortunately we do n't have the infrastructure to make anything high-tech , despite having countless unemployed engineers and technicians . 
  another more serious issue with large grands for weapons and defense is corruption . 
  at least here . 
  see for example the tilting sub . 
  we have the same problem . 
  during the last elections 60 % of the population voted , predictions for the next time show < 50 % . 
  i did n't vote myself . 
  we also have another terrible problem . 
  the first party got 29 % of the votes and 129 of the 300 seats . 
  the second party got 27 % and 71 seats , nearly half . 
  there is a huge `` bonus '' for the first party , making sure winning the elections is enough to do whatever you want . 
  the government literally kicks out and swaps any of their members that disagree , right before voting . 
  we have an mp with 500 votes in a country of 10 + million . 
  they pass laws that contradict the constitution . 
  a few were actually deemed illegal by court , but still apply . 
  the weapons will be produced by germany , maybe with a small percentage in france and uk . 
  we need to expand industrial production in more countries , and this is not the way to do it . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  how the fuck could you empty in the drain a container saying `` enough polio to infect a country '' . 
  there is obviously a really shitty security system . 
  someone must investigate their protocols and their implementation . 
  they can . 
  it 's called `` missile defense shield '' and it has been working since transistors were glowing light bulbs . 
  obviously not 100 % effective , but better than nothing . 
  if i ca n't have canada i 'll have to go with the us . 
  although i 'm pretty sure i 'd regret it really fast . 
  \\  implying anyone would suggest turkey . 
  i 'm not even going to mention how inaccurate and misleading the data are , but do you actually consider 500 people in a country of millions as a serious threat ? 
  is this a joke ? 
  btw remove kebab . 
  in greece taxis are painted with different colors depending on the region . 
  they ca n't keep them inside the house forever . 
  they 'll have to get out , and do so without hiding behind a mask . 
  they 'll socialize and integrate . 
  good . 
  i 've read a lot of russian literature from the 1800 's , and there was n't the slightest hint about homosexuals anywhere . 
  but admittedly i never read war and peace . 
  the relevant [ polandball comic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m2bdw3s.png ) . 
  i 'm in greece and i think this will inevitably happen in the coming decade if we really want to get back on out feet . 
  austerity measures forced us to sell out the most profitable public industries for nothing , leaving no income sources , increasing prices and creating monopolies . 
  i think the correct way to the recovery would be promoting and expanding those industries , not selling them . 
  for now all the money for paying the interest is coming from squeezing the last drops of salaries , pensions and public services , but there 's a lower limit we 're approaching quickly . 
   the greek government ** suddenly ** could n't finance itself exactly this `` suddenly '' is what caused our economy to collapse . 
  because when the interest of your loans doubles overnight because someone suddenly decided you are n't credible anymore , you ca n't deal with it . 
  even the usa would collapse if they got downgraded the way we were . 
  it was n't a coincidence , it was n't the jews , it was n't the german people , it was n't being lazy . 
  it 's huge financial institutions making unbelievable profits by moving strings . 
  that clearly displays how austerity worked for us . 
  thank you goldman sachs . 
  now that 's something i 've got plenty of . 
  i 'm really annoyed that we do n't have a 1 euro paper bill . 
  it makes people underestimate the value of it . 
  when we had drachmas in greece , coins were worth no more that 0,30 euros . 
  afterwards all business owners changed prices from the 100 drachmas coin to the 1 euro coin . 
  intuitively people perceived the change `` normal '' , while prices increased 3x or more . 
  goddammit spain stop trying to reach our level . 
  her ? 
  the reason for the loans is actually political and financial control . 
  not only right wingers hate turkish people . 
  because belgium can not into relevance . 
  nice pictures . 
  tax relief ? 
  exactly , besides dial-up and 3g , no data caps for me . 
  i 'd reject the offer at once . 
  that is if the server is fast and stores the stuff on it 's ram . 
  but yes , it faster . 
  the germanium valley . 
  a ship is considered part of the country 's `` land '' , so they can arrest them . 
  in fact it is considered `` invasion '' . 
  not that they should charge them with 30 years , for fuck 's sake . 
  trying to climb on a drilling platform is a terrible idea . 
  trying to stop petroleum drilling without providing an alternative is not working . 
  but still , 20 years in jail for being a bit dreamy is too much . 
  no harm was done after all , and they probably wo n't do it again . 
  can confirm . 
  this is a good reason to ban them . 
  pasok and nd might be crap , but at least not golden dawn crap . 
  so does the rest of the world . 
  greek here . 
  have n't heard of it . 
  edit : it 's probably meth . 
  all greek articles use this as source . 
  i 'd like to see them leave the eu and smack their face on the ground . 
  warning : faggots below . 
  indeed my first though was that turkey is going to help them with some unofficial citizenship thing . 
  the government was probably forced to close the banks . 
  i do n't know by whom and i wo n't speculate , but i truly can not think why they would do so themselves . 
  this is the recipe to destroy your own banking system . 
  they are now completely dependent on external assistance in a really short time , given once they allow people to withdraw their money , nothing will be there . 
  banks spend at least 60 times the money they own .
