  oh for sure , but as things stand he 's barred from public office and i do believe that stands until he wins an appeal ... considering he was trying to worm his way in as president of the republic that 's a huge blow to him . 
  while it is far from the best it has at least managed to convict the very same man who is responsible for turning it into a joke . 
  hey guys , should we tell him ? 
  libya is not in the middle east by the way ... 
  do keep in mind that the question is `` have you ever been unfaithful '' ... lots of people cheat in their teen years because hormones and relationships not being seen as serious . 
  many people have also just fucked up once in their life . 
  this graph does n't really give you any idea of how many people actively cheat . 
  pretty sure the guy was poking fun at the militarization of american police . 
  oh yeah in virginia the liquors situation is the same . 
  today me and my friend were going to do brunch at 11 . 
  we realized last night that everyone is out of vodka and the liquor store wo n't be open till 1 today so we had to reschedule brunch for 1.30 ... 
  new orleans is one of very few places in the us where you can have open containers of alcohol outside of bars and private property . 
  it felt a little nit like partying back home . 
  im so with you man . 
  i had so much fun when i visited new orleans for this exact reason . 
  good thing i am only on facebook to keep track of all the cool pictures of me people take at events rather than to look at what others are posting ~, 
  im expecting them to show up on netflix with an expanded budget for wrecking things and building death contraptions on wheels, 
  oh yeah because if someone calls you up to ask for your approval of the dictator you totally believe that they have no idea or record who they are calling ... 
  in none and i did n't state that they are . 
  those were mmeant as two separate statemets . 
  so what passes for a source around your parts is dropping extensive wikipedia articles that do not even address what is being talked about ? 
  offspring in mammals becomes a separate body only following birth . 
  technically speaking embryos are more akin to a parasite, 
  there is plenty of downvoted comments at the bottom for you to go join . 
  you sure seem to be very obsessed with anuses . 
  luxkily for you this ruling should allow you to finally leave the closet . 
   you have to understand that from my point of view , abortion is murder . 
  well luckily there is no scientific evidence that this is the case . 
  a embryo is not a baby . 
  if you want to maintain your outdated point of view in the face of scientific evidence you are fred to do so . 
  however you should be prepared to be regarded as a dinosaur for clinging to your irrational belief , as society becomes more and more progressive and illuminated by scientific knowledge . 
  you have to remember that while everyone is entitled to their opinion that does not mean all opinions are equally valid . 
  in this specific case your opinion that abortion somehow equals murder is one that lacks any evidence to back it up and thus should be irrelevant to the public discourse and public policy should not be based upon it . 
  anyway as we were saying your way of thinking is luckily going extinct . 
  and not to be patronizing but at 18 you likely have no idea of the kind of sacrifices that having a child entails . 
  give it a decade of living away from your parents and you might even reconsider your position . 
  now if you will excuse me i have some celebrating to do since my life is fluorishibg instead of me being stuck raising my exgirlfriend 's child . 
  thank god for abortions !, 
   i 'm not selfish enough to kill a baby just because it would make my life a bit harder to keep it . 
  and i am not selfish enough to allow an embryo to develop into a baby that is unwanted and that i could not possibly afford to raise . 
  this ruling does not affect you in any way , you can still pop out all the kids you want if that 's what you desire from life . 
  it does however offer protection to those who do n't share in your particular opinion and should go a way to ensure that they do n't have to resort to dangerous back alley abortions in those backward countries where the religious opinions of a few are put above the medical needs of the many . 
  and let me guess the people you are talking about are your friends from the church youth program right ? 
  luckily for us that 's not how the majority of young people think . 
  if you ever end up having an accident and getting a girl pregnant before you have any stability in your life you will be very glad for this ruling . 
  speck is not bacon either . 
  i dont see you eat in bacon straight off the rasher without cooking it first ... 
  seriously it makes my blood boil when people try to whitewash it and pretend like the allied command had no clue about the camps until they started making territorial gains in continental europe . 
  mafia is commonly used to refer to more than just cosa nostra , it is an umbrella term in italian . 
  the point that was being made above is that saying `` ndrangeta mafia '' just sounds wrong in italian , just like `` mafia cosa nostra '' sounds off . 
  it 's just not how the word is used and any italian knows what you are talking about just by saying ndrangheta or cosa nostra . 
  this used to be the case . 
  nowadays the real profit for the mafia is up north , they have invested their illegal gains in legal industries up north . 
  we jews make plenty of fun of ourselves , thanks !, 
  and there is a difference between making fun and making hateful statements against a minority that has been historically persecuted . 
  i wish i had a proper winter , i 'd switch my dirtbike over to a snowbike kit and tear up some mountains ... instead i just have to contend with black snowy slush making my bike skid all over the city . 
  a wall built out of bombs ? 
   ... did you look at my flag ? 
  i 'm italian . 
  they just opened the first dominos in milan this week with three more to open by end of the year . 
  apparently the place is half deserted . 
  i do n't really think that you can compare covering up the cultural heritage we should be proud of and having the decency of not answering the door naked ... 
  anybody got a good list of these out of the way places to hit up ? 
  planning a motorcycle trip this spring and while i am hitting the capitals i do n't want that to be the focus of my trip . 
  by providing shelter from the apocalypse apparently ? 
  you are missing the point . 
  this is n't about belittling individual choices . 
  it is about recognizing that society does in fact create expectations for individuals based on their sexual identity . 
  it follows quite obviously that societal expectations create a pressure to conform and fulfill that role . 
  so in your example , nobody is actually telling a woman who decides to fulfill a traditional female role that their choice is only due to society . 
  instead it recognizes that that pressure exist and there are individuals whose individuality is stymied by the social pressure . 
  the whole reason we do have programs that encourage women to go into science is that we have come to understand that the social image of the woman as caretaker is restricting to individuals and women can be perfectly good scientists or lawyers or whatever else they wish to be . 
   as far as i 'm aware it 's just a theory right ? 
  are you implying theories are not evidence based ? 
  i do n't think you understand what a scientific theory is ... 
  oh man , one time i went to subway on my motorcycle to grab a quick bite . 
  i was in a bad mood for whatever reason , and did not want to interact with anybody , when on my way out a group of these gutter punks tries to engage me in conversation , probably to beg for some cash . 
  when i just ignored them and started putting my helmet on one of them launched into this whole rant about society and i quote `` just cause you guys ignore us does n't make us go away '' . 
  it actually made me laugh internally and cheered me up a tiny bit . 
  i guess apple will manage to spin taking features away as innovation this time ? 
  right , but for a phone that does n't do anything really new ? 
  this is my main complaint with american pizza ... back home i could have my own pizza for lunch and be fine , in the us that 'd put me at like , 50 % over my daily caloric intake, 
  oh no , you do not get to blame us for the burned , oversugared mess you pass for coffee, 
  when you need to cover everything in sugar to make it palatable for you ... yeah , that 's the kind of sense of taste you can expect a fussy child to have . 
  i mean there is something to be said for people that never developed an actual sense of taste , and just cover everything in sugary sauces instead ... 
  america just needs to stop its crime against pizza . 
  pizza is supposed to be a personal dish , ai n't nobody taking a slice off my pizza but me . 
   the vote showed we dont dont like you all that vote showed is that a bunch of impressionable hillbillies could n't be bothered to find out about what the eu does until after they voted for leaving it . 
  eu countries combined still have more gold medals than anyone else , so even with quotas , assuming you only have the best european athletes participating , you 'd still see the eu bring home the most gold . 
  god i miss home ... 
  honestly i have never even heard it referred to as a christian holiday before this thread , always celebrated ferragosto instead . 
  stop building your own strawman of leftists, 
  the clintons have always acted like rules do not apply to them , mostly because in their experience they indeed do not . 
  they also do not seem to grasp that they can be fact checked in seconds thanks to the internet , which is one of the reasons that hillary 's constant lying has made her approval tank amongst millenials while she is still popular woth baby boomers who get their news from the same media that support her and wo n't question her two faced nature . 
  so they have less gun crime than other states ... and yet way more gun crime than places with sensible gun regulation . 
  you mean the privately owned telecoms that use infrastructure built with public money and then gouge people for using that infrastructure ? 
  yeah not getting a lot of sympathy from me out of this one . 
  what i really ca n't figure out is where they left east and west dakota, 
  hello from milan , please excuse us as we [ upgraded your dish ] ( http://mangiarebuono.it/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/cotoletta-1.jpg ), 
  i mean that 's not aby better is it ?
