spoken like a true shill . 
  that 's actually how the unemployment figures are so low in the us too . 
  they have a massive service industry with shops open 24/7 ( which means three 8 hours shift per day as opposed to a single shift in many countries ) . 
  so there is a huge number of minimum wage positions that do n't pay the rent , but still count as being employed . 
  who are we going to export our fashion and premium food products to if we invade you ? 
  ah yes , americans thinking 50 years is such a long time . 
  you want something more recent ? 
  how about http://www.thenation.com/article/177964/americas-secret-war-134-countries# also if you are gon na give italy shit for something you might as well pick from the history of the actual modern country rather than take digs at the roman republic . 
  remember the bay of pigs ? 
  same shit . 
  yep , one time while in virginia i got wasted at the bars and walked a couple blocks to broad street where they had a free bus run by volunteers that give drunk people a ride . 
  it was about 2am , i was sitting on a short wall , my friend in the grass next to me , waiting for the bus to come round . 
  the cops stopped by us , turned their lights on and started yelling at us and threatening to throw us in the drunk tank , when all we were doing was sitting waiting for the bus . 
  it 's not like they even had proper bus stops to wait at in that city . 
  luckily the bus pulled up shortly after so we could easily show them we were waiting on them . 
  my problems with nuclear energy in italy are two . 
  first off we still have not figured out where to store the waste from the reactors shut off after the referendum in 1987 . 
  we should not be producing more nuclear waste unless we had a safe place to keep it . 
  and mind you , there are already plenty of cases where toxic waste is being dumped by the roadside instead of properly processed . 
  secondly with the way the italian political system is nowadays there would be plenty of strong interests getting involved with the construction of the reactors . 
  contracts would be going to friends and family , material quality would be undercut and the resulting profit pocketed . 
  the mafia would be all over this to get their hands in the pie ... look at the disasters that poor materials and shortcuts have given us in places like l'aquila , now imagine having a nuclear power plant in the mix , yeah . 
  because a state is not a for profit entity . 
  while the state by design answers to its citizens ( not a perfect process but it helps ) a private company answers to its investors and has profit as its main directive . 
  if you want an example of why it 's a bad idea to allow a profit driven entity to control access to a vital service you just need to look at the state of healthcare in the us . 
  water in italy is a public resource that is state regulated . 
  there were attempts to privatize it in 2011 but luckily they were stopped in a referendum where [ 95 % + of italians rejected privatization ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_referendums,_2011#profit_on_water ), 
  yeah especially since there is already a latin version with lyrics most europeans could probably stand by https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnkfravhyhw&amp;feature=youtu.be, 
  yeah at least berlusconi has had to fight off prosecution for corruption his whole career and eventually capitulated . 
  when us the last time a us politician has faced prosecution for accepting bribes despite the whole system being stuffed with people who represents the interests of their economic backers over the welfare of the people ? 
  i think you two are not interpreting the phrasing differently . 
   the uk itself is looking to become the strongest economy in europe within the next decade can mean that they expect to be able to accomplish this goal , which is very unlikely especially if they leave the eu . 
  it can also mean they are trying to make it so , which yes is something each country tries to accomplish , but i do not believe this was the meaning behind / u/cyridius 's post . 
  very few cases ? 
  is that what you call the [ 2000 + studies that have been conducted on gmos ? 
  ] ( http://www.geneticliteracyproject.org/2013/10/08/with-2000-global-studies-confirming-safety-gm-foods-among-most-analyzed-subject-in-science/#.uwu4tpldux8 ) simply put gmos are one of the most scrutinized technologies ever , and yet no evidence has been found pointing at any inherent danger ( except for the retracted study mentioned above ) . 
  now before you launch yourself on your tired argument again , i am not claiming that every gmo developed in the future will be 100 % safe . 
  however there is a substantial body of evidence pointing to the fact that gmos are n't dangerous just because they are genetically modified . 
  our understanding of genetics has done some incredible leaps and bounds over the last 15 years , we can safely alter a plant 's characteristic without introducing unwanted effects . 
  your argument shows that you are being either disingenuous or emotional about this issue . 
  i suggest you educate yourself before you continue spouting nonsense . 
   is not necessarily transposable to other fields absolutely , but to me it is a more reliable bet than believing a post which provides no sources or proof . 
   and you are forgetting that corporations can forbid legally the use of their seeds to people they do not authorise . 
  can they forbid the use of full grown product ? 
  seems to me like nothing is stopping researchers from purchasing gmos to study . 
  furthermore your post seems to suggest that every single academic study on gmos has been done by scientists who have been approved by these corporations . 
  are you really suggesting that there is some worldwide conspiracy behind this ? 
  you sound just as silly as a climate change denier if so . 
  also how do you explain seralini 's paper ? 
  even if it was bad science it was still allowed to be published at some point , surely the corporations would have legally forbid him from using their corn if what you say is true . 
  i would really like you to stop making empty posts and put some evidence forward if you have any . 
  i aware that studies showing results are more likely to be published than inconclusive studies . 
  if you 'd like to make a claim of censorship of peer reviewed papers that go against corporate interests then you 'll have to show us some evidence of said claim . 
  my own experience within my field tells me that negative papers will get published in one place or another , especially since the availability of online journals has brought publication costs down . 
  hello , i am a chemist . 
  the literature overwhelmingly points to gmos carrying no health risks compared to normal crops and in some cases potential lowering health risks ( due to decreased dependence on chemicals such as insecticides ) . 
  the only paper pointing to health risks in gmos is from from gilles-\u00c9ric s\u00e9ralini which claims gmo corn causes tumors in rats . 
  his paper has been retracted due to badly designed experiments and small sample size . 
  ( he used only 10 rats , all from a breed known to have a high incidence of tumors ) a scientist worth his salt will look at the literature and make the same statement as / u/lordlucan . 
  if you want to disprove his statement you should find a peer reviewed article agreeing with your position rather than making empty arguments for the validity of the statement . 
  according to this article you linked the guy claims that his mom told him 3 months earlier that she was looking into euthanasia and then went ahead without telling him . 
  from this we can infer one of two scenarios : 1 . 
  he 's making shit up . 
  he did not have a close relationship with his mother at all and so he is not in a position to comment on her physical health prior to this . 
  furthermore your claim of parents murdering their kids makes little sense . 
  if a parent hates his kid enough to want him dead they 'll do so without having to go through a doctor . 
  on the other side of the medal are children living in constant chronic pain and the parents who have to see their child suffer . 
  these people is what euthanasia is for , not some malignant parent cooked up by somebody 's prolific immagination . 
   i wish fusion would work some day ( aka magic ... for now ) . 
  that 's not how research work , you ca n't wait around until a new technology has proven itself before you invest in researching it . 
  you have to sink money into things up-front otherwise they will never get to the point where they work . 
  ooh pollon , way to crank up the nostalgia !, 
  this shit right here is why i am extremely glad we voted against bringing back nuclear power in the 2011 referendum . 
  these papponi would have had their fingers in the pie at every step of the process . 
  let 's not forget panettone !, 
  like what ? 
  paper bags are the other alternative btw . 
  a ban would mean people using reusable cloth bags . 
  sure reusing plastic bags till they tear is better than chucking them away but you still have to deal with the thorn ones . 
  cloth bags on the other hand will last much longer and once they break they are completely biodegradable . 
  yep , i am one of those who fled , albeit i actually decided to go to college in the us rather than wait till after graduating . 
  i go back once a year to visit my family and i miss italy terribly but i simply do not have a future back home . 
   ter \u00b7 ror \u00b7 ism [ ter-uh-riz-uhm ]  noun  1 . the use of violence and threats to intimidate or coerce , especially for political purposes . 
   2 . the state of fear and submission produced by terrorism or terrorization . 
   3 . a terroristic method of governing or of resisting a government . 
  greenpeace is a group that uses non-violent protest . 
  looks like you are the one who needs to pick up a dictionary . 
  the word terrorist in america has become synonym with `` people who disagree with me '' . 
  source : been living there for a few years now . 
   are just following their own self interests to the detriment of other people . 
  rather they follow the interests of those they work for . 
  it might surprise you to learn that ilona staller is actually a very smart person who has been in politics for a long time . 
  putting her in the same category as berlusconi just because she happened to do porn is absolutely ridiculous . 
  if anything the real scandal is all the women who berlusconi appointed to positions within his government in exchange for sexual favors . 
  yes i aree . 
  readying that headline i had a sudden sense of dread that he had already managed to get out of the sentence . 
  i am not saying he is the only one to blame , but you ca n't argue he did n't incredibly de-legitimize our legal system . 
  between his anti-judge pr campaign and his continuous passing of ad-personam laws it 's a miracle we managed a conviction . 
  do n't forget his whole party threatening to pull support for the government if he ends up convicted all the way . 
  and yet they are the ones crying about politics mucking up the legal system .
