  ah yes the good old love it or leave it . 
  yet another thing that shows how little understanding of international travel and relations do americans have . 
  i thinl better science literacy would be worth it alone, 
  i teach chemistry in an r1 us university a good chunk of my students have no clue how to convert between si units and i have to waste weeks of curriculum getting them to learn what every student knows by middle school in countries that actually use metric . 
  it is horroble . 
  no im pretty sure it is because the us has everything to gain by projecting power across the globe . 
  dont act like it is a humanitarian feeling when the us has overthrown democracies and armed fanatics times and times again . 
  after wasting a year on gen ed classes that cover material that should be taught in highschool ... 
  but i thought america was so big that building proper public transit and internet infrastructure is not feasible , what the hell would possess anyone with any sanity to settle louisiana when there is so much empty space available in places that are n't hotter than the surface of mercury ? 
  and then by several metrics americans are measurably less free than most of the western world . 
  it also ensures that there are still people going to jail for smoking a bit of weed while two states are selling it openly to the public ... also completely innocuous things like gay marriage that hurt nothing except for a few bigots feelings took way too long to legalize . 
  he is russian , well known fact that the only political position known to russians is communism , or have you forgotten of their famous communist czars ? 
  oh man i teach college chemistry and a good chunk of my students come to college without knowing how to convert between si units . 
  it is ridiculous . 
  then again i am assuming that such tiny economies depend on trade with their neighbors to survive and by doing so would already be complying with many eu regulations . 
  no , the way zoning is done in most american cities you end up with huge food deserts . 
  i do n't even live in a bad area and it is 3 miles each way without a convenient public transit line to go to the grocery store from my home . 
  oh brother i havent been back to the old country in some 5 years ... spending a few months back home in fhe spring , i am so gon na overdose on focaccia con cipolle, 
  i will be doing a six months motorcycle tour of europe next year . 
  february to july . 
  which months do you suggest for that area ? 
  are june and july nice or do they get hot and muggy ? 
  the question is `` which country would you never visit '' . 
  not `` which country would you not return to '' clearly you would have visited sweden at one point because you actually went there ... 
  i was commuting between sunset park and tribeca , hardly the grossest parts of the subway that i witnessed , and i was smelling piss regularly . 
  it was bloody disgusting . 
  no , i am totally listening , but perhaps it is you that forgot that your thread is about our perception of americans ? 
  well here you go , i have lived in the us for almost a decade now and no matter what kind of explanation is proposed i still think americans are being a bit ridiculous with their whole obsession with an ancestry they literally have zero ties to . 
  honestly tho the new york metro is absolutely disgusting . 
  i dont think i have ever seen so many rats or smelled urine as often as when i lived there . 
  how can you say it has a cultural value if they do not speak the language or hold any of their customs ? 
  we italians can probably claim a stronger cultural identity as ancient romans than the `` german '' person in this example can claim to be german , but you do n't see us identifying as ancient romans . 
  it may be just my one point of data but growing up in milan i did not know anybody my age who ever drove drunk . 
  if you wanted to drink you 'd just take the metro . 
  getting a license is so hard and expensive that it is just not worth risking it . 
  also much easier to lose that license . 
  i now live in virginia and i could think of at least 10 people i know who have had 1 + dui , most of them continue driving no problem so i do n't think there really is enough incentives to not drive drunk in the us . 
  not in the us with their weird alcohol laws . 
  it was specified that the place would also ssrve beer so we are not talking of cheap fast food . 
  spending $ 10 on a burger is pretty common nowadays without any need to get fancy . 
  were you eating at fast food or an actual restaurant ? 
  cause where i live ( central va ) a burger at a restauramt will set you back $ 8-10 easily . 
  fries are often not included and run an extra $ 2-4 and a beer that is n't a shitty canned light beer will easily cost you $ 6 add 5 % sales tax , 6 % food tax and 20 % tip and you are easily spendong $ 20 to eat out . 
  this is in a city but not an expensive one ... before i used to live in nyc and it was way more expensive than that . 
  oh let 's not act like eating out in the us is cheap . 
  a burger plus drink and a beer is likely to set you back just as much in the us but then you got ta tip on top of that cause the waiter is making $ 2 an hour, 
  now you understand how i feel when my friends want me to go to an olive garden . 
  well america has more people per capita so you ca n't really make that comparison . 
  at least triumph is making good motorcycles again, 
  i moved to the us ~ 9 years ago . 
  miraculously debt free , i pay 500 bucks a month to the wife to help her with the mortgage and i avoid car payments by owning a couple motorcycles outright . 
  been living on ~ 25k a year from my graduate student stipend . 
  wife makes twice that . 
  graduating this fall with a masters , would love to find a place to teach and make ~ 50k a year ... would have loved to teach university but i got shafted out of my phd ... 
  currently trying to convince the wife to move to europe and raking my brain as to what kind of career we could go for back home . 
  i spent nine years of my life living in your backwater country , i think i have enough experience to comment on your ridiculous approach to home security . 
  meanwhile i go to sleep without a single worry that anyone is going to even try break into my home because i have security doors and windows . 
  but hey if you want to go to sleep with one eye open just in case you got ta grab your gun and think that 's a good thing ... 
  oh yeah i forget you guys think that shitty single pane windows with no reinforcements on the ground floor are a good idea . 
  but hey why take steps to actually protect yourself and your home when you could get a chance to play cowboy and kill someone instead ? 
  plus stuff like that is up there because of its historical value , it 's not like our modern societies are going out of their way to jam religion down everyone 's throat, 
  america : where people build houses with doors that can be easily kicked in and then claim the need a gun just in case someone breaks in . 
  this is legal virtually anywhere around the world . 
  notable exception are canada and the us ( outside of california ), 
  alternatively l'atiemme, 
  man i moved to the us 8 years ago ... had to use my insurance a handful of time and still paid a lot on top of the insurance policy itself in order to use it and i do n't think i have been able to go to the doctor without also spending several hours calling multiple parties to fix messed up billing ... 
  i got married to an american last year but i am pretty sure we are going to move back to italy to retire simply for the healthcare savings . 
  i mean you fellas just selected trump as the republican nominee and it looks like he might just end up winning the general ... 
  it does n't help that american houses are not built to be energy efficient . 
  i grew up in milan which is hot and humid and we never had ac until i was older . 
  still rarely used it . 
  now i live in virginia and i need to have the ac cranked or my house which has single pane window and barely any wall insulation wil turn into an oven, 
  minimum drinking age where i am from is `` old enough to walk into the bar on his own two feet and pay for his drink '' ... although some bars will display a ( non legally binding ) `` no liquor sold to those below the age of 14 '' sign . 
  definitely go for a smaller city . 
  not only will everything be cheaper , but you are likely to end up having a more immersive experience both linguistically and culturally . 
  travel around europe is cheap , we have great rail systems and with low cost airlines it is easy to visit a european capital or major city for the weekend without breaking the bank . 
  also look into hostel websites and couch surfing for accommodation . 
  i have traveled a fair deal by motorcycle and rarely spent more than 10 euro a night for a bed to crash in . 
  also will this be spring or fall semester ? 
  this will influence the weather and might want you to consider certain areas over others . 
  we have conc acid in organic , quant inorgamic and pchem labs . 
  i never taught gen chem so i dont really remember how those go . 
  our dress requirements are department wide . 
  chemistry lab rules require long sleeves and we finally managed to enforce a below rhe knee requirement for pants ( although we were really trying to get a full pant requirement ), 
  i would if i could ... but at least they are better than the people who show up in tank tops and sandals to a lab ... those at least i can kick out on basis of safety, 
  right which is why i mentioned it, 
  i honestly have n't really lived back home since highschool ... but at least in milano yeah , most young people definitely dressed up . 
  in my highschool days we had a very large social group called truzzi who only wore expensive clothes brands , often in poor taste ... 
  but i certainly had never seen anyone come to class in pajamas !, 
  hah i could n't tell you about bulgaria , that 's an italian flag in my flair , 
  can confirm , have lived in the us for eight years and it is unbelievable what people will wear out in public . 
  i pretty much ca n't leave the house without at least a button up shirt . 
  i would wear suits more often but i commute by motorcycle and i am a ta so no real space to keep fancy clothes or change at work ... 
  i have had students show up to class in pajamas ... 
  do n't you go forgetting [ all hail britannia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykpdqhwlrbq ) !, 
  i know they are not patriotic in the strictest sense but bella ciao and other partisan songs are what makes me swell with pride for italy . 
  a lot of us also use scooters and small motorcycles . 
  my motorcycle gets 100 mpg !, 
  the other advantage is that lanesplitting is legal and encouraged so you do n't even get bogged down by traffic . 
  i moved to the us and having been a motorcyclist at heart my entire life i decided to skip the stupid large car and just get a couple of bikes instead .
