  if pwople want to abstain based on an informed choice then more power to then . 
  but to not bother finding what the big vote is all about and not participating is just as bad as voting without a clue . 
  let 's not forget about the time he answered a question about the rise of antisemitism with ... more boasting about his election results, 
  you mean when `` what does the eu do '' was top of the google search list in the uk ? 
  smh, 
  know , i was planning on coming back home to ride my motorcycle around italy for a couple weeks this summer ... but i may just be riding up to berlin now ... how is the weather in may ? 
  right , like i said i am not even trying to make people like him see any sense . 
  but i am a teaching assistant , currently bored out of my mind as the main instructor for the course is spending 3 hours going over some mind numbingly basic statistics stuff , so i 'm open to trying any distraction to maintain my sanity . 
  eh part of me is genuinely curious as to the angle at which his denial comes from . 
  part of me likes to argue with people like this , not for their benefit , but the benefit of other reader who may be pulled into his bullshit if they do not see a logical argument being made to counter his alternative facts . 
  are you trying to say there is no such thing as a nazi salute ? 
  cause uh , hate to break it to you but there are decades of pictures documenting it . 
  or are you trying to say that this specific guy did n't do a nazi salute ? 
  cause there are also pictures of that , he shared them on his facebook right alongside pro mussolini garbage . 
  i do n't see how anything that keeps fascists and nazi too scared to share their opinion in public and normalizing them could be a bad thing . 
  does it suck that they end up relying on violence ? 
  yeah in a perfect world that would n't be the case , but guess what we did n't get rid of hitler and mussolini by sitting down and accepting their hateful rhetoric , we fought them on the beaches , we fought them on the landing grounds , we fought them in the fields , we fought them in the streets , we fought them in the hills ... 
  you are right , he just outsourced it to his vp ... 
  higher education in italy is n't the issue . 
  we have plenty of college educated young people who are doing jobs that require a highschool diploma because what we lack are jobs . 
  all the really smart ones just move abroad . 
  nobody in europe is going to know the flag of virginia ... hell i only learned about it when i moved there . 
  luckily this cover did not include trump 's boob hanging out, 
  i think it is pretty awesome myself . 
  `` hassad claims rebel used chemical weapons , rebels claim the government is the one using them '' there you go , unbiased reporting of the facts . 
  oh stop whitewashing the guy , you do n't get to take back the kind of shit he spewed during the election , you know [ things like describing mexicans as drug slinging rapists ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/democracyinamerica/2015/07/donald-trumps-xenophobia ), 
  are all trump supporters actively neo nazis ? 
  no clearly not all of them . 
  but every single person who voted for him did so despite his xenophobic and mysoginist rhetoric , so at the very least they were instrumental in legitimizing that garbage . 
  they are not much better than the neonazi scum, 
  all i did was point out that he is a buffoon that gets made fun of constantly and he still won the election ... 
  but as far as trump 's racial views , why does he have so much trouble calling these white supremacist nazi fucks for what they are ? 
  why does he try and muddle the waters with bullshit about `` hatred on both sides '' and surround himself with white supremacists such as bannon if he is n't one himself ? 
  should we just rolled over and let the nazi take over ?? 
  the people may be dead , but the ideology is n't and it needs to be fought with tooth and nail . 
  was this guy just a a drunk insensitive idiot who thought he was being funny ? 
  yeah sure but hey sometimes you do something stupid and a punch is a relatively small consequence for it . 
  but you know what ? 
  i am glad to live in a europe where displaying nazi behavior gets you put in your place . 
  make fascists afraid again !, 
   no one would willingly join a group that 's the butt of every joke a d yet donald trump got elected president somehow ... 
  ok so i actually live in virginia an hour away from where this is happening . 
  i have seen nothing in the news to suggest that the counter protest had any violent intention on friday night when they were first attacked by the nazi marchers ( who were carrying torches and at least one of then used his to attack coubter protesters with ) this led to massive blowback and indeed a ton of people showed up the next day in response , many carrying shields and helmets to defend thenselves . 
  then one of the fucking nazi went full isis and rammed peaceful protesters with his car killing one and injuring several . 
  if you have any evidence that this was started by the counter protesters feel free to share . 
  americans are having a nazi march in open daylight on their eets , then the nazi turned violent against the counterprotesters and led to a state of emergency . 
  i dont know about you but half my family was sent to the ovens by this scum . 
  you may want to argue that all he did was lift his arm and didnt attack anyone , but the aymbol of what he did still haunts many and makes us fear for our safety . 
  it is good to know that people are willing to not let that shit fly in this day and age instead of being complacent to it letting hitler rise to power . 
  this os especially twice as true considering the guy is american and they are currently having people openly wearing nazi imagery marching the streets of charlottesville brandishing guns , and the police allowed then to , only getting involved when things turned out inevitably violent . 
  and you get a nazi hunter medal i hope, 
  i would be distraught that such a giant asshole is somehow related to me . 
  it would scare off other idiots from killing a defenseless , endangered animal . 
  at least he would finally accomplish some good with his existence . 
  mate i am pretty sure everyone is shitting on you because your oh-so-great nation elected a hateful oompa loompa as its leader . 
  usually you will see those with the flat side down , instead of the angle down . 
  furthermore i am not familiar with any hindu tradition that uses a black swastika on a black circle in a field of red or with an eagle on top ... 
   much smaller dutch market while this study was carried out by a dutch watchdog the rules that are being broken here are eu wide . 
  follow the rules or stay the fuck out of our market , kthxbye, 
  joke is on you , you are the cafone for trying to tip the dude a euro . 
  nah it is still annoying as fuck . 
  i 'm trying to have a conversation at my table , not with the waitstaff . 
  let me assure you , if anything was not ok with my food you 'd get flagged down right away . 
  lots of cheap $ 20 hostels to stay in japan , as long as you dont mind your room being the exact same size as your mattress . 
  i still prefer that to sharing the room with 19 other snoring backpackers tho, 
  yeah seriously , my best friend was circumcised at 16 for medical reasons and it was torture for him . 
  i was circumcised at birth and have no recollection or negative feelings associated with it . 
  just above the sound of a yelling italian grandmother , well below the sound of an american tourist demanding hamburgers in rome . 
  do you want to know how i know who you voted for last november ? 
  those are fighting words, 
  yeah i used to get pizza al trancio right out of a window in the wall in a covered back alley half a block away from class and bring it to lecture with me, 
  there is n't a burger king in venice as far as i am aware , but we did have a mcdonalds , at least back when i was a student there . 
  was n't in a terribly touristy area either , kinda weird . 
  yet again open a history book before spouting your nonsense . 
  they already had around 200k members during the march on rome . 
  oh read a history book will ya ? 
  at the brink of the war mussolini 's paramilitary thugs , the camice nere , were 350k strong . 
  these were the guys in charge of suppressing dissent via force . 
  compare this to the ss which peaked at 800k members while being spread on a much wider territory . 
  who the fuck said anything about the soviet union ? 
  do you think they have a monopoly on violence and intimidation ? 
  my predecessors were actually hiding in switzerland thanks to the ravial laws enacted by the fascist . 
  nobody here is trying to say that italians were all guiltless and it was those spooky bad fascists that did it all , but to deny that we had a very strong resistance movement and that after the nazi invasion the regular army joined forces with the allies is to ignore historical facts . 
  there is a reason why our very constitution is anti fascist in nature . 
  we know well how easily such insidious hateful ideologies can take root again . 
  the 25th of april is a day to remember that and stay vigilant, 
  oh what happened to you , were you upset by our lack of deep dish pizza ? 
  nazifasvism refers specifically to the combined occupation by nazi forces along with very italian scum of the fascist republic of salo ' . 
  seriously . 
  my fathers family was being sent to concentration camps by italian police . 
  they only survived because the partigiani smuggled them through the night up the mountains and into switzerland . 
  on the 25th of april i celebrate the courage of those partigiani and the end of the fascist regime that caused so many to suffer . 
   not really . 
  most of the population ( like 90 % ) became enthusiastic supporters of the new regime you do understand what they would do to people who did n't show enthusiastic support right ? 
  except the italian fascist party did n't melt into nothing . 
  it reformed itself into the republic of salo and waged a very bitter resistance against the partisans and allied troops . 
  we celebrate our liberation from these fascist scums and we mantain a keen watch to this day . 
  antifascism is enshrined into our constitution . 
   and all for legal immigrants ( as long as they are n't muslim ) . 
  i see , so that 's why they are now harassing green card holders at us customs ?
