  tsk we have always been at war with eastasia . 
  do n't forget that one should respond with `` crepi il lupo '' or `` may the wolf die [ chocking on me ] '' . 
  also if one is feeling like a modern catullus he may employ `` in culo alla balena '' which is literally `` up the whale 's ass '' . 
  the proper response here is `` speriamo che non caghi '' or `` let 's hope it does n't shit '', 
  the whole thing is retarded as fuck . 
  i have been living in the us for ten years but was never allowed to get a credit card or loan due to my immigration status . 
  now that i finally have a green card i am starting from scratch and it is extremely frustrating . 
  dont forget that in italy we get loads of disney based comics that are drawn and written in italy and are better than anything that has ever come out of the original disney company, 
  oh please , berlusconi is a disgusting piece of shit that abused our country for personal gain and to skirt the law , but compared to trump he is well , un cavaliere . 
  even a big gathering doesnt have to cost a fortune . 
  i got married for $ 5k all said and done and we had a party with 80 guests . 
  my parents met when my mum was in her early 20s , my dad was 30 . 
  they actually dated for 20 years before having me and my brother . 
  then when i was 10 they finally decided to get married to make it easier to pass inheritance onto us . 
  me and my brother were the ring pages at the wedding and it was pretty awesome . 
  [ did someone just say moskau ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqakrw6mtoa ) ?? 
  yeah that is what i was going for . 
  the few bigoted people i have met in the us that have told me they have been to europe always seemed to travel in packs of like-minded people too , so i would think that even if they are about europe they would n't mingle much with the locals . 
  out of curiosity , were these americans who were traveling to europe , or people you met in the us ? 
  having lived in the us for a decade i have met some very friendly , caring people , but also a whole lot of people very hostile towards the fact that i am a foreigner . 
  my guess would be because medicare is stuck overpaying due to the cost creep caused by for-profit hospitals colluding with insurance companies ? 
  i would much rather have a clean slate , medicare pays way more for similar procedures as do single payer systems in europe . 
  because it tastes exactly like sweaty balls, 
  been living in america for 10 years , they love to use brand names to refer to the entire category of products here . 
  i was obviously referring to the fact that congress has abismal approval ratings and yet most of them keep getting releected without a fight . 
  i was not commenting on the presidential election, 
  but when you keep re electing the same representatives despite the fact that they are corporate sellouts ... the people do bear some responsibility, 
  actually as many as 11 % of young americans struggle to point at their own country on a world map . 
  65 % ca n't point at france ... http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2002/11/1120_021120_georopersurvey.html i even had an american tell me that he had never heard of the country of italy ... 
  no no man , the bidet is n't an alternative to toilet paper , the bidet is used after wiping to remove the last bit which you 'd need to scrub till you bleed to get . 
  having an actually clean asshole all the time is life changing , and makes for much more pleasant and spontaneous sexy times !, 
  came here for school , stayed cause i got married and i have great friends . 
  why is it that anytime someone has the tiniest complaints about this country americans cant help themselves but ask then why dont you just leave ? 
  lol life is complicated man . 
  i 'm in virginia . 
  the comment about civilization is mostly tongue in cheeck ... but there are days when i really miss real italian food , having a bidet , lame splitting on my moto , not being surrounded by gun toting hicks that like to shame those less fortunate and worship an orange trust fund kid ... 
  soldier worship is a pretty damn american thing amongst modern countries you have to admit ... 
  nooo dude , i miss my bricks and cement house , hanging stuff in drywall is a nightmare and the insulation is a joke . 
  plus you are getting a mortgage for a building that isnt designed to last much longer than the mortgage how is that a sound investment ? 
  i have been living in the us for ten years and honestly i ca n't really think of anything ... maybe more convenience , things like stores being open late and on holidays ... but then you have to force people to work weird hours and not spend holidays with their family ... 
  i miss civilization ... 
  if you 'd managed to beat back your own trump you 'd be busy celebrating too my friend . 
  it is the same in italy . 
  i can trace myself back to the 15th century in an uninterrupted line of counts . 
  my great-grandfather was the last to claim the title , and he had to pay taxes on it , so he would be introduced as the count when he walked into high-society events . 
  there has n't been any money in the family since his times , so no one else bothered to claim the title , but if i wanted i would have a right to . 
  it is a great story to tell to my friends here in america and between that and my accent i used to pick up chicks with it . 
  eh i dunno about you but i prefer to have a close knit group of friends . 
  someone being religious is likely to mean we have irreconcilable differences and i 'd likely keep them at arm distance as acquaintances than bevome friends with them . 
   the spanish jam\u00f3n is far superior to prosciutto i have found this is the case for generic jamon and prosciutto , but when you go for quality nithing beats san daniele parma prosciutto ( depending if you want salty or sweet ), 
  whenever i see it i just think id rather have a kebab , prepared in delicious pita like god intended . 
  that hospital ? 
  no reason for any civilian to be there . 
  bombs away . 
  depends on if you mean travel for pleasure or just to get somewhere . 
  born and raised in italy but living in the us , my idea of a vacation is to disappear for two weeks on my motorcycle and put about 5000 miles on the thing . 
  but if i have to travel the 1.5 hours to dc for anything i will bitch and moan about it while mt american friends will act like it is no different than driving to the corner store . 
  just what someone with an american flair would say . 
  source : i live in the us , what y' all consider acceptable to wear in public is just hilarious . 
  i plan on doing it eventually . 
  i do not habe an itinerary but one thing is for sure : it would be on a motorcycle . 
  octopus is so delicious, 
  that 's great , anf you know what ? 
  americans with italian ancestors also love good food more than those with irish ancestors ... it still does n't make them italian any more than having catholic parents but not believing in god makes one a catholic . 
  this is pretty common in many `` soft racist '' people . 
  once they get to know someone from that race they may come to accept them , but instead of changung their view on the race they will rationalize it as their friend being one of the few good ones . 
   people who are never in church and who do n't even believe in the christian god still identify as catholic in the south of the country , because their grandparents were . 
  which makes just as little sense as a guy from jersey telling me he is italian . 
  simply , we all agree that there should be limitations to free speech when the results of speech are harmful to others . 
  just like yelling fire in a crowd is likely to result in other people being harmed by the ensuing chaos , hate speech such as is used by neo nazi is likely to result in minorities being the target of violent actions , such as the peaceful muslims that were killed in their place of worship by a white supremacist in quebec . 
   i am against any restriction of free speech , even if i or 99 % of people do n't like the given text . 
  do you believe one should be allowed to scream `` fire '' in a crowded environment such as a movie theater without consequemces ? 
  i 'm pretty sure genealogy is fun for most people , i can trace myself back to the 1400 in an unbroken line of counts and i think that 's neat . 
  the difference is that i do n't pretend to act like an aristocrat , unlike my friends in the us that try to act italian cause one of their grandparents was a dirt farmer and emigrated . 
  the massive protests that would happen during his visit would be a delicious blow to his ego . 
  i say parade him around for all the world to laugh at !, 
  just by comparing mcdonalds to a proper pizza you have invalidated anything you may have to say, 
  i 'm not sure how your explanation of trucks adds anything to the bewilderment i feel when i see the kind of ridiculously large trucks i see people commuting to work in . 
  and yet in virginia i see plenty of trucks just as big as that f650 in the video , all chugging along the morning commute . 
  hell one of my friends was given a truck like that as a company vehicle for absolutely zero reason !, 
  the only time he ever uses it for anything besides driving himself is when he tows the trailer with all of our club motorcycles to a rally . 
  i mean why would you fuck with perfection ? 
  personally the reason i care is that i ca n't ever seem to be able to point out issues with the us that really could be addressed by adopting a different type of policy , without being told to `` go back to my country if you hate america so much '' . 
  guess what , america is my country now too and telling people with different perspectives and experiences to just gtfo is just about as unamerican and exasperating as it gets . 
  you are right , americans do n't usually try to explain how it is better , they just spout some drivel about being the country of the brave , how much more free they are , general chanting of usa usa usa and complete misinterpretation of healthcare in europe . 
  absolutely , i do not doubt that , in fact i am a college instructor in the us myself . 
  i just think it is ridiculous to have students spend thousands ( or tens of thousands ) of dollars for what is basically an introduction to a few humanities and sciences which ought to have been taught to them by the time they get their highschool diploma . 
  well it is something that i , as an european living in the us and not shy about my political views , face fairly frequently . 
  it shows a lack of understanding on two fronts : 1 ) sticking to the way things are done for the sake of doing them your own way and refusing to learn a lesson from places that have enacted different policies with success . 
  there is this general attitude that you could n't possibly learn a thing or two from european countries because america is some unique snowflake where the rules of reality do not apply in the same way ( usually the excuse being that it is so big and diverse ! ), 
  2 ) just because someone sees the faults with a way of doing things and suggests things could be improved does n't mean he hates the place and should just up and move to some utopia . 
  the problems here are two : it suggests that one can freely move to a different country without a lengthy and complex process , and it fails to understand that critics of america do not come from some idyllic utopia where everything is good . 
  in fact everywhere is fucked in one way or the other and the smartest way to make things better is look at what things work well for other countries and adapting those policies to your own country . 
  this might be a shock to you , but there are plenty of spots in the world where you can party and eat crawfish to your heart desire ... 
  i 'm not trying to compare the us to the rest of the world , i just think it is ridiculous that two people who live in the same country should have different rights because of local legislation being taken over by a bunch of nutjobs . 
  like why should a woman in texas have no access to planned parenthood just because the local lawmakers decided to strangle such a vital service ? 
  does she deserve less access to reproductive health options than a woman in ny does ? 
  loving your own country and acting like you are better than everyone cause you happened to be born there , while pretending that your shit doesnt stink , are two very different things . 
  fun fact : in richmond va we used to have a trolley system thay was widely used . 
  then the car lobby had it all bought up and dismantled and now all we habe is shitty bus service with terrible routes that only gets used by the poor because using a car will always be faster .
