better than hungary !, 
  better than hungary !, 
  nothing else matters :d ps : also better than portugal , not the shame of grandpa rome anymore ;d, 
  damn ... so we have months to join schengen before it fails !, 
  time is against us boys !, 
  no pressure , 
  can support !, 
  belief has been shaken recently about austrians being like germans . 
  lately , we 're a bit on the shitty multinationals who do shady business in romania for their own interest and never ours ... side :p, 
  most idiotic thing ever , just like france . 
  pay them , they take the money and come back , congrats !, 
  do you know the terrorist from france that attacked a police station and was shot ? 
  that guy was from tunisia , he entered during the african spring as a refugee in 2011 . 
  went through bulgaria , romania , hungary , germany to france . 
  the only country that identified him as an illegal and banned him ? 
  romania !, 
  we even wrote that he is an illegal in the european data base ( europool i think ) but of course france did n't check it ( probably they and germany do n't even have the resources anymore considering how many migrants they idiotically took in ) . 
  and that terrorist event happened as a result of him walking unhindered through germany and france !, 
  the conclusion and an actual fact is that the situation is exactly the opposite , romania has one of the most modern border defense system in europe , and seems to be one of the last countries in europe properly defending their borders . 
  if it was n't for the economic benefits for our merchandise ( cars , products , etc ) i would n't even want the schengen to be honest . 
  check free travel means shit to be as a citizen of eu , but it means a lot to our companies . 
  we do n't need to . 
  germany ( through mutti ) complete destroyed the concept of schengen visas altogether , 
  ps : but you are right , it does sound like that 's what he expects from us . 
  we can not just hold them like animals . 
  the exact problem nordic countries have with them , romania had for a much longer time . 
  if finland can not deal and integrate a fraction of them , with your resources , how do you expect romania to integrate all of them ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  this time probably , then again ... 
  i have this genius theory that germany is actually an evil mastermind , as clearly death by continuously being hit with broomsticks is slow and utmost painful . 
  yep , that must be it !, 
  never underestimate the germans and their broomsticks , in truth it 's their most modern torture method . 
  the one fighting the russians :d edit : with realistic chances of success !, 
  would n't that be germany ? 
  do you want to steal germany 's title polen ? 
  prepare for anschluss :d, 
  it is given by the western press , that 's about it . 
  if there is will , western press can turn everything into anything . 
  are you sure ? 
  you risk losing your hands , 
  they think we are all gypsies , surprisingly even more than the british do . 
  but since almost no romanian who wants to significantly change his living standard will move to poland , we do n't really give a fuck about that , so almost no romanian knows about how much they hate us . 
  due to history , we actually think they consider us friends like we do , oh the sad irony . 
  um and you must not forget that romania was not even a democracy 26 years ago . 
  a country that had the most repressive dictatorship after albania , with people actually in hunger due to a dictator 's mad desire to pay all foreign debts ( which he considered evil ) regardless of the economical effects on the living population . 
  this is the one thing i hate the most about swedes , you could say many nordic people have it a little bit , but none have it like the swedes ( which seem to be 10 type worse in this aspect than any other nordic country ) . 
  what i 'm talking about is the swedish tendency to expect every country to be as successful as theirs and every government to be as efficient as theirs completely disregarding the historical and geo-political situation . 
  you are saying sweden was one of the poorest and unequal country . 
  well , and how fast did that change ? 
  it took a century , not 6-10 years . 
  i think romania is going on the right track quite fast , so if you are not satisfied with that it ; s your problem , but at least be realistic in your expectations . 
  why ? 
  at least we are not banning it . 
  now priests and those idiots from the church woke up and are demanding for the constitution to be changed , to say clearly that a marriage is only between persons of opposite sex . 
  if that goes through , you can be disappointed ... for now , in a way , we are the odd guy out in eastern europe , so i would say it is fine in a way . 
  what 's wrong with banning the communist party ? 
  if nazi parties can be banned , why not communist parties , which as far as eastern europe is concerned , have done much worse than even the nazis ? 
  let me guess , you are one of those golden dawn supporters , or some other form of putinlover ? 
  no ... you misunderstood . 
  he was asking the opposite , how come spanish people and swedes hate putin stronger . 
  / u/c4ligul4 listen to this guy !, 
  for romanians this is the most relevant you will ever get :d i actually do have an icelandinc classmate in zurich . 
  in part ... but do n't worry , we blame quite a lot of things on local corruption , our politicians and businesses get no free pass ... but a part of the blame going to you and the other western companies is not completely baseless , sorry ;(, 
  except lithuania ... they love to murder ... themselves :(, 
  even killing jews ? 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) a true german ally you are mate . 
  i 'd never !, 
  `` walks away whistling '' seriously though , our form is that of a shit fat fish ... so we hold no candle on them  . , 
  we 've been told that so many times it lost its meaning to us ... like how the word racist loses its meaning by being used to much in the west . 
  that 's probably a reason too . 
  but also profiting from the corruption of the system , which is fueling more corruption . 
  western companies that would never dare to do some things in the west , would gladly do it in the east ... and this fuels corruption too :(, 
  i will give you an idea , say transylvania is hungarian , or call it erdely or some shit . 
  or that moldova belongs to russia ... that would mildly piss us off :d, 
  no , you can live . 
  nowadays idiots are able to survive quite remarkably , since we destroyed natural selection ... what a sad choice . 
  probably a joke imported by romanians , i am sure , 
  huh ... but there is a metro in romania , that makes no sense . 
  the joke in romania is about a lack of metros in cluj , but that is a city with a very high quality of life , so i dunno ... probably obsolete joke . 
  you just had to add that gypsy part there right ? 
  it turned your comment and my general opinion of you from ` not wrong ' to a `` complete idiot '' . 
  true , our dictator was famous for having a very anti-moscow stance . 
  he had his own thing , and was very detached from moscow , so the propaganda in romania was rather nationalistic , but not necessarily pro-russian . 
  you guys are more similar with moldova from that point of view . 
  they have a very positive view of russia despite history too ... 
  i guess that was what romania would be like if we had a different dictator . 
  i know , my best interactions outside of romania were with turks , especially in germany . 
  such friendly people , i always find a topic to discuss with a turk :d and some of the prettiest girls i have seen in my life are turkish . 
  the only weird thing is , they look so damn european ( they were from west instanbul ) , like i have 2 greek uncles that look very middle easterner like ... while most turks i met looked so white and european , what a confusing nation you are ... 
  the negative opinion is due to several reasons , among which ... erdogan . 
  olanda dude sigh ... it comes from holand  .  it 's not our fault netherlands is annoying to use as a country name ... 
  there were some statistics on our largest news media before ... but it would take time to find them . 
  the reason is simple , business . 
  i think there is less competition on the romanian market , and omv has the 2nd largest share , so they do what they want ... the wood cutting company too ( schweighofer holzindustrie or so ) . 
  when the romanian state tries to reform the laws , they use the austrian embassy to threaten the government . 
  that is mainly cause we are newer to the club . 
  most poles already came ... there are still much more poles in uk than romanians , like 5 times more ... or even more than that . 
  hehe ... 
  we were allied with the nazi 's after all . 
  we killed our fair share of jews and gypsies too ...
