  so ja ... ours were called the iron guard . 
  their sign : https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqfuql8jha83wt2r45c9erpwgujxgod_lghworgsw0culyba1zzapopyg8 quite similar ja ? 
  http://volkundvaterland.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/ironguard.jpg it looks like a tic tac toe to me ... ps : it 's a great thing romanian fascists werent as popular as the nazis , otherwise playing tic tac toe would be illegal , as if drawing the swastika . 
  you are probably the same as italy and spain . 
  somewhere in top 3 , maybe even above italy ... just not relevant enough to place on the pool :d spain is there , thus portugal is there . 
  ` now you have my permission to cry ', 
  we really hate ourselves . 
  and you and serbians are too similar to us to be liked  you know it 's the same for you too :d, 
  in my case i would have imagined austria to be much lower . 
  considering all the public scandals with austrian companies lately , the omv and the way they sell oil here more expensively than in austria although they get the vast majority of their oil from romania , their idiotic government and their `` we cut your funds if you dont take immigrants '' yapping ... and all that . 
  then again , this is mainly an opinion . 
  most people know nothing about those countries . 
  the voting in bulgaria and serbia is much more realistic as lately we started interacting a lot with them , and they even appear more and more often on romanian news ( especially bulgaria ) with the good and the bad things that happen there . 
  i was actually born close to the bulgarian border , never knew a word in bulgarian , never met one , and only made bulgarian friends after i left the country , in germany . 
  but lately that wall of ` we dont care about each other , so let 's just ignore each other ' is melting , so people can make more realistic opinions . 
  in austria , belgium , poland , and even netherlands cases , i am pretty sure most romanians just thought `` well , i know shit about them , but i heard once in the news they are nice countries , so sure ... 
  i will say i like them '' . 
  the richer countries like germany , uk will always be liked by easterners no matter how much shit you throw at them ... dunno why but that 's how it is . 
  and spain and italy win for obvious reasons  ps : greece is impressively positively viewed to , with all the crisis things and all ... kinda against the proud romanian warriors on this sub , who were throwing shit at greek redditors like no tomorrow when those greek threads were coming in the summer . 
  just shows that reddit is not the best sample of a nation  ), 
  i think 3 years ago ukraine was the 2nd after russia , with negative opinions close to them as we considered them russia 's boot . 
  now they even surpassed hungary and are overall viewed more positively than negatively . 
  half-assed solution better than nothing ... sure , until an earthquake strikes and people die  . , 
  it 's not paint . 
  they are thermically isolating them , and whilst doing that , changing their aspect a bit ( even though the core structure is still old and very risky ) . 
  they tend to do this in romania too , makes them look new , as it is easier to pretend than to solve the problem and build new buildings :p, 
  well ... we have the german president  and poland is already used to being invaded , so there 's your answer  ) then again , we are the latin country so we would make rather a france , whilst poland is economically stronger , like germany ... and we are used to being invaded too :( in the end , both choices work  ), 
  come on . 
  at least this year , romania could be there too . 
  admit it :d, 
  then again , what does n't sound russian to the americanos ? 
  :d we 're all commies to them  . , 
  well , as far as we are concerned you are our only '' evil '' rival , all of our other neighbours are friendies or too irrelevant to compare to . 
  you on the other side also have slovakia and austria ... so ja , no wonder you do n't think of us as often as we do . 
  * goes to cry in a corner *, 
  just forget it friend , some romanians love to make everything told to them seem like an insult . 
  it 's almost as if we just see darkness , shrewdness and hidden feelings in everybody . 
  as if we are a pessimistic nation , devoid of all hope . 
  but we are not ... wait a minute ... . actually no , that defines us pretty well . 
  ~ ~ dude shut up !, 
  you misunderstood what he said , just accept it !, 
  leave our hungarian mate alone ... ( and this is coming from an oltenian ) ~ ~ in your defence , admitting a mistake is a sign of strength too . 
  which most do n't even have , especially on the internet :p, 
  there is a limit to how much you can let dogs be . 
  if their population gets out of control in such a way that it puts others in danger , you have to do sth . 
  at the end , this is a result of the fact that dogs are a very protected specie by humans , also cats . 
  why do we protect those 2 species so much , and dont give shit about any other one ? 
  ps : althought this message sounds so mean , i actually love dogs  . , 
  allow me to give you a simple valid reason why this law is actually very good . 
  my grandparents come from 2 villages that are relatively close to each other . 
  the only difference is there is this huge land between them with forrests , grass , ravines , lakes , and the lot ... and a lot of plain grass for about 10 km . 
  as i was 7 i used to walk 5km through that middle of nothingness with no worries , to go from one of my grandparents to the other . 
  now , i can not go on that plain , i can not even picnic on that plain for a bit , i do n't want to go there at all . 
  why ? 
  shepheards ... they allowed some sheepherds to move on it , but the problem is not themselves , but their large huge dangerous dogs ... which they have around and scare anybody to go in that middle of nothingness and freedom alone anymore . 
  wolves and foxes are not even a danger ... in the forest , the only dangerous animals are again stray dogs which were left by villagers to not pay for sterilizing them , and who re-wildered themselves . 
  nonetheless , they attack birds and would never attack sheep anyway ... but hey , whatcha gon na do ? 
  tradition says shepherds need to have 200 damn dogs , all scary , but not all properly trained to never attack humans . . 
  well it also depends on where you 've been and what you did . 
  for example , i would n't recommend bucharest if you do n't have ` nightlife ' as one of your primary goals ... or the seaside during summer ( too crowded and expensive ) . 
  at the end of day it also depends on personal taste :p i too was kinda disappointed by paris , i like amsterdam and berlin more ( but that 's just me i 'm sure :p ), 
  it 's quite amazing how serbia is number 2 on the list , whilst the neighbour romania is at the bottom of the list . 
  quite a gigantic difference for some neighbours :p, 
  you are the one who stated there are many examples . 
  thus you are the one in need to give them , not me  .  otherwise your argument becomes void . 
  examples please !!!, 
  and i expect muslim nations where the average citizens live better than in romania . 
  where foreign workers are treated as welcoming ( or less but at least close ) than in romania and not used as slaves ( aka india and pakistani workers in quatar ) . 
  dont just give me an example of gulf states where there is a idiotically rich upper class that lives better than in romania !, 
  as i bet you wouldnt like to be a woman or a foreign worker there ... now please give me the other examples . 
  you have only one , turkey ( and even there , it is debatable depending on the part of turkey you talk about ) . 
  i 'm not saying we did not profit , where dafuq did you read that ? 
  we just profited much less than let 's say : germany , france , austria , netherlands , belgium ... to name a few ( who own so many things in my country nowadays ) . 
  the only countries that paid money to the eu and did not get much in return from the eastern states ( and their open markets ) were the nordic countries , which kinda have the right to complain ( and uk ) . 
  but that bullshit in which you make it sound as if ee profited oh so much more , and western europe just gave and gave and gave ... is just stupid . 
  sorry for not abiding to that  . , 
  common market is a shit deal for the poorer countries . 
  that is why a political union like the eu proves ( and was to be expected to be ) unsustainable . 
  the richer countries will completely out-compete and invade the poorer countries ( this is the reason white 75 % of all major firms and resource owners in romania are now outsiders ) . 
  it 's a complete shit deal and it does turn these states into neo-modern-colonies ( which we all know we are ) . 
  but to keep colonies under control you give sth back , so why dafuq would we accept such a deal without getting anything from it eh ? 
  nah man it does n't work , it is a shit proposal . 
  common market only works between countries with common economic goals and close economic power and resources . 
  thus an eastern european union and a benelux union ( but separate ) could indeed work as a common market . 
  but keeping the eu as a common market and not giving the eastern states anything back ? 
  what a joke  ), 
  which is weird since latino is a term for south-americans of latin descend ... we are just latins , not latinos - __ - the difference matters as in , latins are the nephews of the roman empire , the latinos are the grand-grand nephews :p, 
  funny but it 's actually true . 
  i knew some girls when i was young that spoke and understood basic spanish only from soap operas ... 
  i do n't really have a link , but he told me about this story about the new kind ( after they lost the war ) giving them some land and things , which they just wasted , and he got pissed off ... damn i forgot the names he gave me . 
  as idiotic as that might sound to you my friend , that is pretty much the reason :( as you can even see on this sub , most people do n't really bother doing their reasearch when jumping to conclusions . 
  especially the average joe in north europe who sees romas , heard there are many romas in romania ... and directly equates romania = roma land :o, 
  implying most idiots do n't already think they 're ours ... fun fact , spoke with an indian friend of mine , and they were kicked 800 years ago from india for the exact same reason they are stereotyped and hated today : wasting what an indian rajah king gave them ( reminds me of the romanian mayor giving them land and potatoes so they wont steal the villager 's potatos , they took the potatos and beat the mayor for ` daring ' to ask them to work for what they own ) , stealing , and being lazy ... 
  they do n't want them either , indians were the first to hate them  ) funny how the austrian , swiss , and swidish ( etc ) solution ( kill them ) resulted in almost no roma in the west , whilst the ` merciful ' east who just took them as slaves ( well more like the low class , because even nationals of low class lived as slaves back then in eastern europe ) now have to deal with all this shit ... and be called racist and what not  .  also ironic that romania , serbia , and bulgaria are often accused for having the largest ratios of romas , whilst nobody accuses czech republic for its small ratios made with the lovely help of forced ` sterilization ' . 
  in the hindsight , maybe they were called cruel bastards back then , but hey , look at the positive effects today ... makes you regret it dammit ... and that 's really sad western europe , that 's really sad !!, 
  on what basis do you think romanians dont hate the fuckers , or that we dont hate the fuckers the most ... it 's our country 's name they destroyed , it wouldnt be far to say we hate them the most ... 
  did you contact the police about that yet ? 
  oh , stop being such a drama queen ... 
  please stop ... you 're wasting your time . 
  you need to accept some people are too stupid to convince with arguments  . ,
