  good , that 's an interesting way to look at things . 
  no problem with that  but you are a bit too negativistic , try to find a middle ground :p we are not that irrelevant . 
  actually that 's the only reason i made the comments above , because i do believe we are relevant enough , and have enough national pride , to not like when others beg for attention in our name . 
  when we will deserve it , we will get it :p, 
  what drugs are you on mate ? 
  ja , i really do n't need your negativity , and even if it 's true , then it 's better that way than to pretends it 's not like that . 
  it 's stupid to behave like some attention whores , trying to get some attention ( which i feel we do too much on this sub ) . 
  if we do n't deserve it yet , we wo n't get it , but i at least want to see things how they are  . , 
  why did you make this thread :( i wanted to see if a non-romanian would remember it and make a thread about it :( well , i mean the hungarians definitely remember it but they would n't make a thread about it , but i really wanted to see if anybody else would :p now you destroyed it !, 
  i edited it before you reacted , you stupid annoying bot !, 
  i do hope for the romanian flairs , glorious wallacian and transylvanian flairs were also taken into consideration ... or we tricked ourselves out of existence :o one way to avoid being romanian i guess ; /, 
  well , that 's only if russia escalates under the former of russia officially going in . 
  if it 's just green men , which will most probably be , then romania will most definitely help moldova . 
  russia can not afford starting an official war in moldova , a strip between romania and ukraine , where all resources will be aimed against them . 
  also , if it is russia starting it , eu will have no choice but to back romania , and hence moldova too ... so that wont happen . 
  at most it will be green men again . 
  this time it kinda is more of a causation than a correlation . 
  continuously increasing prices and expenes to ` european standards ' whilst leaving salaries at their shit levels brings such things ... you have to understand , risk of poverty is not born from an economy developing , the economy can increase and it still means shit if the power of purchase is only going worse and worse ( by increasing the income-expenses to live ratio ) . 
  the romanian economy did grow , but our expenses of living grew more :(, 
  please do n't deduce from the fact that he said roma , that he was speaking about most romanians , roma is not a short word for romanians like poles is for polish people - ____ - . 
  by saying roma , he referred to exactly that , the gypsies not the romanians . 
  i would actually pay to see the face of some german guards reacting to a bus full of children stopping and waving very enthusiastically the hitler salute at them while laughing . 
  even the thought of that makes me burst laughing :d, 
  wrong , there was no capacity after ww2 . 
  the regions that were hit the worst , because they were the main location for the fighting , at least for the largest battles , were exactly those in eastern europe ... after the war , man power , will , and resources were at an all time low ... 
  most did fight , but most of eastern europe does n't have the geographical advantage which both finland , and russia on its own had at times in history ... most of ukraine is just some flat land begging for tanks :p, 
  and that 's a wonderful thing !, 
   do n't missunderstand me , if you are still taking the time to worry about other people in this world , and even want to help some ( as with the refugees ) , that 's a very nice thing , and a beautiful goal . 
  i hate ignorant people more than anything , and sadly there are so many of them nowadays ... :( so it 's very nice that you are not one of them , never be !, 
  do n't let my messages discourage you , it is still great to help other people , especially does in need . 
  the only message i really wanted to get across was that , eastern europeans people and western european peoples have completely different problems , different worries and financial situations . 
  eastern europeans live from day to day , each day worrying about the next one . 
  they do n't have time to worry about refugees ( of which many are just unthankful economic migrants , who are disgusted by eastern europe ( like seriously , 2 refugees ended in romania from mistake and started crying , they asked to be sent back to serbia when caught , do you even understand how offensive that feels to us ? ), 
  and would be impossible to keep here ) . 
  that is what you must understand , most eastern europeans , even in this sub , do n't take this harsh stance because they want to be assholes , but they simply believe their countries have their own problems to solve , that are more important to them , and no time to solve western artifical problems ( as far as they view them ) . 
  have a good day , 
  yep , such is the world sadly . 
  for most youngsters , being able to afford a fridge on your own when your 20 is sth . 
  most youngsters would be happy when living with everything rented when 20 in this world , but if we look in africa , most probably do n't even have a house ( rented or not ) . 
  you might think this present time gives us the best society in our history ( which is true ) , but that society is still shit , and still needs a lot of improvement . 
  do n't let your western style of living make you forget that most of the world is still complete utter shit , 
  that 's not what i 'm saying - ___ - i 'm just saying , eastern europeans ( especially the ones that are in the eu , and thus have the same damn prices , even though the salaries did n't change almost at all ) will still not be able to afford those things you afford ( a fridge when you 're just 20 , wow o.o ) . 
  many will live all their life in debt , living from 1 day to the next . 
  so that is still a privilage , but you can not see it as such . 
  and that 's why i was saying that eastern european people are simply not the same , they have completely different problems , and you have no right to demand from them to believe in the exact same things , in the exact same way as you do . 
  i just said that i pay 800 francs for rent , and in total about 1100 . 
  i am a full time student , an entire salary from my parents is consumed on that monthly , and they are paid way above the romanian average and i 'm a single child , but that 's another problem , otherwise i could n't afford this at all . 
  the important thing is this : if all other appliances take you 1000 euros , than from an eastern point of view you enjoy on average life way too much . 
  you think that 's little , no it 's not . 
  actually ending with money at the end of the day is a dream for many people in this world , the lack of worries in comparison . 
  in romania 30 % of people live under the poverty line , a huge amount geniunely can not pay everything they have to even though they work full time , so they have double jobs , or borrow , or simply do n't have a home or try to find other solutions ... that 's how dire it is . 
  you think affording a computer a year is bad , well , in western europe all tickets to all events ( music , sports , etc. ), 
  are 50 euros ... . in eastern europe people will probably go only 1 a year to an event like that ( the average person of course ) . 
  do n't try to give me inflated numbers , i lived here for 4 years so it aint working on me . 
  i know how you live , and you have it much much muuuuuch better i assure you . 
  indeed maybe the 8-10 times larger pay was rather said from a swiss point of view , my bad . 
  from a french it 's probably closer to about 6 times larger . 
  but considering your expenses are just about 2-3 times larger ... you have it way better , believe me . 
  sure , mexicans are our hermanos after all , we can send the muricans lots for the ` romantic ' exchange . 
  i am currently living in switzerland as a student . 
  in zurich which is the most expensive part . 
  i am still finding my way to live with about 1000-1100 francs a month ( 800 being just the rent , cause zurich ) . 
  so do n't give me that fucking bullshit about higher prices . 
  after living 3 years in germany , where most prices were the same ( if not cheaper ) than in romania ( except maybe for housing , but you usually rent anyway ) , and now in switzerland ( where things are indeed more expensive ) , i can assure you that your 8-10 times higher salary still makes a very huge damn difference , you hypocrite !!, 
  is it better to pay 1000 euros on rent , and maybe another 500 on anything to live , and maybe even have some more when you have a 2000 euros salary ? 
  or to pay 300 euros on rent , but win 400 euros , and you need another 200 to make ends meet ? 
  and now i 'm being very generous !!!, 
  as a teacher assistant in germany , i was doing close to no work , just grading some papers and giving some tutorials , it was almost fun . 
  it was taking me about 7 hours a week , and i was winning more than one of my parents ( who works 9 hours per day ) . 
  do you even know how disgusted with myself it made me feel ? 
  why did i receive so much more money than most easterners who do a lot more work in many cases ? 
  what did they do wrong , when did they choose to have a lower living standard ? 
  and yes , i know that asia , africa , etc. 
  have it much worse . 
  but you are in no place to give me those examples , i am fully aware of the tragedy there too . 
  what we are discussing here is how you blindly think that easterners must have the same view on things , and exactly the same life goals as westerners , as if they were born in the same geo-political context , which is not the case . 
  why do eastern europeans always have to accept western values , why is western life always the perfect goal , is it really so perfect ? 
  did n't a revolution start in iran due to this enforced goals in 79 , they ended very nicely right ? 
  will you for once , just for a damn once accept that we have our own view too , and they are not racist , hateful , or wrong just because they are different ? 
  we view things in different ways , learn to accept it already !, 
  well said friend , well said !!, 
  that 's probably easy to say with a french living standard . 
  why do n't you try moving and working in eastern europe for a bit . 
  just to see how much income ( award ) you receive for your hard work as a result of those 70 years consequences . 
  then you are free to give us all the lessons you want baby , 
  normally i 'm fine with statistics , but under a form or another , those statistics about the q3 economic growth were shown in at least 6 posts ... so please stahp  it is the largest growth compared to the last 3 months , but still growth overall , cehia and most probably ireland will take the cake . 
  well , i am accusing the romanian system mainly . 
  and true , eu officials are just doing what they can for their interest , at least as long as they are allowed , people are selfish . 
  nonetheless , i do not love how many western europeans are hypocritically telling us to fix our shit , while they are actually puting gas on the fire of corrutpion , but giving the money to those politicians , helping illegalities , and in generally making corruption so fucking profitable ... 
  as a romanian living 3 years in germany , and now in switzerland , my first going home after 2 years was pretty much this : i left from a country with rampant corruption , no will to fight anything , fiscal evasion and bribe everywhere , and a general mentality among young of ` it doesnt matter what we do , it wont change anything ' . 
  i went back to a country where even people lending chairs on the beach and my friseur gave me a receipt ( which never happened all my life before leaving for germany ) , governments falling , people wanting to stop bribe which had become a national hobby , people requesting an entire different class and actually starting to fight for it , and youngsters being more involved into politics or at least caring about politics than never before . 
  when i left , when people said something bad about romania , i would n't defend it or feel like we deserve it . 
  i wouldnt like it but i would tell myself : ` well the country is bad , so it 's right for them to make fun of us ' . 
  in the last 3 years i actually started getting offended when somebody says shit about my country without a valid reason , and it pisses me off when other romanians get discriminated . 
  it 's like i 'm finding some new patriotism i thought i lost all my life , inside me . 
  feeling pretty proud of my country recently !, 
  we love to complain , but i really dont think romanians realise how much the country has changed and is changing in the last 3 years , more important is the change in mentality than the physical change . 
  that i find wonderful . 
  when i left i thought i 'm never coming back , but somehow , i started feeling like i want to go back , if not to work , at least to invest in my little eastern european home country , 
  i do n't want to be mean , but this is another one of the negative effects of the exodus of romanians in western europe .
