  the land left behind is bought by whom ? 
  by austia , netherlands , germany , etc. ... they are geniunely buying the country alive in a way . 
  be happy you are in the eu , you will keep your soverignity and we wo n't force radical decisions on you ( such as breaking your constitution ) as a result of our failed schengen immigration policy . 
  you will have jobs in the west without a resulting gigantic demographic problem in the country , and probably future retiring people will hunger because of it , as there will be no money from them from the small working population . 
  most importantly , you will be able to work in the west , i mean you will be called a gypsy by everyone , all our countries ' problem will be your fault , but hey , life is green !, 
  oh ja , some romanian student girls might be refused hotel rooms , cause they will clearly be prostitutes , and male students wont be able to get contracts with o2 in germany , cause they clearly can not be trusted ( which actually happened to my friend in munich ) . 
  we will also invade your market , make you a neo-colony completely dependant on german and french imports , while demolishing almost all the local producers with our superiour investment capabilities ... but hey , we assure you eu is a blessing for you . 
  kiss our ass , and be forever thankful !!, 
  here , have some crappy funds which you are not able to use because of corruption anyway , over which a shitload of swedes will complain anyway . 
  peace be with you , romania . 
  the future is bright ahead !, 
  / s kappaross, 
  then your politicians are just being complete fucking hypocrits who only follow their internal political interests . 
  not surprising , sorry if that offends you or anyone personally :p, 
  funny that a dutch is proposing opening borders ... you know , we were taking our borders seriously , since we were once hoping to get into ... ugh ... schengen . 
  guess who is the most against that ? 
  nah , what you said is not to the point at all . 
  first you speak about history in a very generalistic term , and make some statements about what romanians did or did not believe or supported in the past in a very moronic way , as things were much more complex then ( and in general saying that romanians as a whole supported nazis or communism is idiotical , as there were more people against this concepts than for them , but historical situation and geography still forced those idiologies on the people , that is why a revolution resulted ) . 
  now leaving the past , and your very uninspired statements aside , now you are restricting your opinion at romanian behaviour towards gypsies , but dont french people say all those things too about algerians , other africans , and even eastern europeans a fucking lot ? 
  if you had n't heard them , i 'm gon na ask you too , just how fucking sheltered where you ? 
  because those people are what are seen as gypsies , the integrated gypsies are just simply other romanian ... this is actually a bit of an absurd concept which was studied , but sadly it is how it is . 
  nonetheless , it is bad that the name gypsy became synonym with an unintegrated and unadapted gypsy , but it does n't disprove lazy 's point though !, 
  you realize france is probably , by far the most racist country in europe , right ? 
  and i can confirm that from my personal travels too ( now i am in switzerland ) . 
  sorry , but since they stone the walls , have no consideration about legal entry ( which is obviously needed by the states they enter , to filter the terrorists among them , which do exist !! ), 
  and refuse to apply in poorer states ( but still infinitely better than siria ) , as far as i am concerned they are not refugees , they are economic migrants . 
  and yes , we were like that too , but we were fucking legal economic migrants , the states would know what was coming for them and how to adapt , we didnt break borders illegally , we were accepted in the eu after fulfilling some requirements ? 
  those are not refugees , those are illegals and it is completely fine for me to kick them back where they come from . 
  if germany wants refugees , they should create proper channels and take them directly from turkey , and not `` genuinely kill '' so many people as a result of the travel they force them into . 
  so , yes i care about them , yes i am sorry . 
  but any person with a brain at least bigger than a pea would get that this still doesnt make it ok , and hungary is doing the right thing . 
  hungary right now is the only country upholding the laws of its state , of eu , protecting its citizens and its identity !, 
  and so it begins !, 
  will he have the honor to resign ... ha ha , like that exists in him . 
  seriously thou , funny how he started a disgusting argument with hungary 's politicians ( especially the mae from hungary ) claiming they are nazis and they beat and round up the refugees just a day ago . 
  especially funny considering i doubt most romanians believe that , i actually think 90 % of romanians are on hungary 's side on this , and we would n't even mind the fence , as long as it is turning our country into a non-target refugee zone ... 
  i wrote a comment up about the probable reason poland didnt ask for the assistance :p, 
  the polish realized that even if romania joined , it would still mean 2 countries getting fucked rather than just poland , so they refused the military assistance . 
  in exchange , we gave refugee status to about 1 million of them and helped them pass their treasury and other thing through romania to the sea , and i believe even the polish government resided here a bit when things got bad . 
  kinda weird if you think about how negative their opinion is about romania with all that and so on . 
  they refused help as they hoped france and uk will attack germany after their invasion ( as allies ) and they would only have to fight russia , sadly ... eastern allies can go to shit if needed , that was true then , and it is still true now . 
  so we had to ally with a side to not end like poland , we chose germany . 
  frankly , the genocide part aside , german soldiers were quite organized , and we have stories from our grandpas of even them staying in queues at shops , paying , being polite , etc ( as we were allies ) . 
  russian soldiers where nutjob pieces of shit , all our stories ( some from my grand grandpa so i am sure it is true ) state how they were all about rape kill rape steal etc. 
  in my city there is a graveyard of the russian soldier as some russians died there , and it was made for their heroical `` deeds '' . 
  all the old people in the city know that what happened there was some russian soldiers got drunk and started shooting each other ( which happened quite often , you would be surprised ) , so the heroical monument is complete bullshit . 
  that 's where the pride comes from . 
  as far as romanians were concerned , nazis  communists by a landslide . 
  of course , it is exactly the opposite in the west since you didnt have to stay under them . 
  in the end , everything in this world is subjective . 
  what what ? 
  like you do n't know it too !, 
  muricans approve !, 
  ed : and some spanish football fans . 
  maybe in a statistical sense it is hard to estimate , but i assure you they make good money , otherwise they wouldnt be there ( or used to make , if they are as many as you claim i think they might have overfloaded , the system will probably implode soon ) . 
   they prefer to sleep on the streets and earn almost no money begging here ( swedes generally shun public begging ) make no money ^ ( make no money ^ make ^ no ^ money ) please go on / r/sweden , i am pretty sure there is a post there describing exactly this , how the gulliable swedes and the difference in wealth makes the beggars win more money than the average romanian worker ( if they also steal they make by far more ) ... at least bring some realistic facts in your statements , not false gibberish and assumptions ... 
  i placed an english title :o how did it turn into the romanian title ? 
  that 's weird ... 
  finally a bit of an unbiased report that does n't waste all the screen time trying to say how romania is the shithole of europe , and everyone tries to leave it , but rather that it 's the flaws in the scandinavian crime system themselves that attract so many law breakers . 
  call to the romanians on this mod who have better editing skills and the time , to please provide some subtitles to this video , just so i can show it to the next `` sven that is pissed about the country of beggars '' . 
  ps : basically , what the video and the people in it are transmitting is that swedes ( and in general nordics ) are too permissive , never lock their houses properly , and only punish crime if you steal over 1000 crowns , which allows a lot of petty stealing which still accounts to huge sums back in eastern europe . 
  in one unbelievable case , some home owners caught a thief and instead of calling the police they ended up giving him bags of products etc ( speaking of absurdity ) . 
  moreover , the robbers also state that if they did the same in romania , jail would eat them ; and so it is much better to steal in the nord . 
  indeed . 
  the shitty and awful look due to the comic blocks will not change , but it 's definitely a better place than malmo from many security points of view . 
  the salaries are smaller , but they are the biggest for the romanian standard of living , you can pretty much afford most things if you work in bucharest . 
  i 'm a man of simple taste , i see president investigated by prosecutor , i click upvote . 
  the romanian infection is spreading , me like it , 
  leave it . 
  some people are not able to take a joke . 
  first invest in eastern romania !, 
  then you can create some asylums there , romania has no refugees anyway . 
  but seriously , please invest in eastern romania too ... not only polen :(, 
  well , they probably just considered romania eu , i doubt none from those eu representatives are from romania , maybe most are . 
  this type of sentences are kinda unique in romanian , not because they are hard , but because they are gramatically correct sentences made only from vowels . 
  it 's just kinda funny thou , it relates with the other thread about them burning the tulips from the netherlands . 
  story be like : sir , netherlands is blaming us for plane accident . 
  they want justice !, 
  putin : no we ca n't have that , we must show them who 's boss . 
  what do they like ? 
  well , they seem to be quite fond of their tulips sir . 
  putin : burn them all . 
  next day sir , romania is ignoring us , they do n't seem scared enough . 
  putin : we ca n't have that , we must show them who 's boss . 
  what do they like ? 
  well , they seem to brag a lot about their internet . 
  putin : is that so . 
  internet eh ... ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) and the story can go on and on and on ( with poland 's apples , sweden 's energy cables , italy 's cheese , georgia 's salami land steal , threats of nuking finland , invading baltic airspace , etc etc ) . 
  if it was n't so sad , it would make for a good comedy show . 
  actually no we do n't . 
  relationship between russia and romania are virtually nonexistent . 
  we kinda got fucked by russia enough to say we do n't want to do anything with them anymore , even if it means business to an extent . 
  they tried to embargo the meat and fruits , but romanian exports to russia were mainly around 4-10 million euros ( which kinda means nothing in the big scheme ) so it was pretty laughable . 
  we 're also the only eastern european nation who is energetically independent from them , most energy comes from internal sources so ... ja , guess they had nothing to burn  . , 
  calm your tits ... and acting all high and mighty because i used the word lol in a comment , what kind of fucking idiot are you ? 
  does it make you more proud of yourself or sth , being an idiot like that ? 
  well , good for you then , but do n't bring others into your shit , i shared an opinion and that 's it . 
  and get a life please . 
  yours sincerely , facebook hippie or whatever you called me . 
  hungarians are to us what allister thorne was to john snow , but sure , let 's trust them  brothers of the watch right ?
