  i would n't count `` to lodge '' as slang for example , although it may still require clarification in an international context . 
  local expressions that can mean something drastically different from its literal meaning qualify as slang however ( e.g. 
  `` good skin '' , foil arms & hog did an entire skit about that ) . 
  my point stands regardless . 
  the point of making * tl ; dr * s that ultimately are exclusively about reading the article , however ... 
  in my experience , non-natives professionals who are `` partially fluent '' are typically competent within their sphere and master their occupational lingo , the problem is generally outside of it . 
  an international business deal is n't the time and place to enrich your vocabulary or learn about the delightful differences between australian english and standard business english . 
  international communications , more so when legally binding agreements are on the line , are low-context matters and should be treated as such . 
  there 's english , and there 's * muttering something fast in coarse local accent using boatloads of slang * english . 
  quite a few native english speakers who are n't from the area struggle with it too resulting in a comically high rate of misunderstanding , does n't mean they somehow do n't speak english . 
  you 're right , we have already bearing the consequences . 
  some sort of shift has already occurred and it is changing both daily life and our fundamental understanding of what it is to live in the same society . 
  to the best of my knowledge , the brand of islamic terrorism we 're dealing with has no precedent on western european soil . 
  terrorists are nothing new , but it used to be that they a ) were n't willing to target high double-digits/low triple-digits scores of random civilians in one single attack , b ) had specific demands in mind , some of which could be discussed and negotiated and c ) typically were neither suicidal nor indifferent to any blowback their communities might face ( implying some sort of self-imposed restraint ) . 
  we 're now dealing with madmen who have mixed the worst aspects of the gratuitous brutality of school shooters-type of crazies with the worst aspects of more traditional forms of terrorism , and they make no demands that we can answer , they offer no compromise that maybe we could reach . 
  barring a paradigm shift , there is n't even a way to get back at them and those who so much as tolerate them . 
  `` probably '', 
  the broader point is about calling out his administration over its failures , not about poor taste . 
  fuck poor taste , we 're talking about people 's lives and tranquility , not about dining with the queen or following diplomatic protocol . 
   that a better barrier should have been in place by the promenade , etc. , etc. 
  nevertheless , these security measures can only go so far . 
  you just answered yourself how security measures could have gone that far . 
  but did n't . 
  leaving access to traffic unprotected for any idiot to drive a truck through and have access to dozens of thousands of people on a symbolic patriotic event in one of the country 's breeding grounds for jihadists is n't something no one could think of , it 's a critical flaw . 
  and it 's not like we would have needed to give up fundamental civil liberties , we 're just talking about putting god damn spike strips that our police force already has , during events where the police force already is . 
  there are people in france who have called out the authorities on the vulnerability of the public to vehicles during previous events . 
  if a 31 year old unqualified wife beater thought of it , plenty of people had . 
  the terrorist was also a foreign national who was a convicted criminal here in france . 
  why on earth are foreigners who commit violent crimes not deported is another very question i 'd like to ask the three branches of our government because all three and their lax attitudes toward law enforcement is how we got into this in the first place . 
  they can do a better job . 
  until then i 'm fine with them being called out as much as necessary , good taste be damned . 
  you may also be surprised by how similar some of the scenery looks between ireland and portugal . 
  i 've lived in both and there were quite a few moments where i was reminded of the other country , which has never happened to me elsewhere . 
  my friends refused to believe that a picture i took on a rainy day along the portuguese coast was n't actually taken in ireland . 
  it has everything to do with the atlantic ocean i guess . 
  reminds me of the wacko cult in parks and rec that calls itself `` the reasonablists '' because they figured that way people would hesitate to criticize them . 
  ca n't say i have . 
  judging on the replies i 'm getting it seems to be mostly because i 've never lived in the areas where there are supposedly a lot of german expats . 
  i 'm very surprised by the percentage and absolute number of germans living abroad . 
  besides exchange students , i never seem to meet any german expat . 
  rumor has it that whoever drew that also paid for winrar . 
  anything that plays on english-speaking canadians ' crippling fear of essentially being americans is guaranteed to rile them up . 
  '' * you ca n't tell me what i can and ca n't do !, 
  * '' - some icelandic horse ( presumably ), 
  i 've never been to brazil , but even from a distance it seems very clear to me there are two kinds of brazilians . 
  there are those who make it a point to embody every single stereotype about brazil ( easy-going but not organized , etc. 
  ) , and those who try to distance themselves as much as possible from anything like that . 
  france can be a bit split in half like that too , but not to this extent . 
  you must be like [ wayne jarvis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrzxjzrm3iu ) in real life . 
  are you a professional ? 
  are you serious and a professional ? 
  following careful examination of your suggestion , i am pleased to inform you that yes , you may . 
  ah yes , the infamous community of 3rd generation american women living in paris the evil mainstream media does n't want us to talk about . 
  surely one of the main reasons behind the rise of the far right in france . 
  baffling stuff , really . 
  seriously though , france has successfully assimilated millions of spaniards , italians and poles ( among others ) throughout the 20th century in less than 3 generations . 
  to the degree where a foreign family name from these countries is , if even that , a topic for occasional locker-room banter . 
  show me some 3rd-generation ethnically french people who still have n't integrated in your country ( no , big city expats who generally are n't there for long does not qualify ) and i 'll agree that there 's something really wrong with that community . 
   but how can you be a christian when you do n't take the bible literally ? 
  there is no such thing as a universal rule stating that anyone believing in any religion must take its body of sacred texts literally in its entirety . 
  no one is in a position to make that sort of call , an atheist least of all . 
  the overwhelming majority of christian churches themselves make no such claim . 
  i think you 're using a very small number of us-style fundamentalist protestant denominations as a template of what christianity logically should be about . 
  besides , there were christians before the current biblical cannons were established , and even to this day there is no universal agreement on which books make up the `` correct '' bible in the first place . 
  i 'd say that many if not most people in france are at least vaguely aware of the existence of irish language , but only under the name of `` ga\u00e9lique '' . 
  laicit\u00e9 absolutely has been historically used as a convenient weapon to wield against the influence of the catholic church . 
  these days it 's still being used in the same militant way to curb islamic influence . 
  and i have no problem with it whatsoever . 
  but let 's be honest and acknowledge that the french brand of secularism is often against religion . 
  i also find it interesting that the declaration of rights of citizen and man , which is still legally-binding as part of our constitutional documents , is explicitly promulgated in its preamble under the auspices of the `` supreme being '' . 
  my bookmaker took bets on the exact shade of orange of trump 's skin . 
  i came very close to putting a few euros on '' * burnt orange * '' ( among other choices were `` vivid tangelo '' and `` persimmon '' , [ and if it sounds like a joke i assure you it 's not ] ( https://twitter.com/pppolitics/status/822088176135274496/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) ) . 
  buddy , cool your finnish , wind-powered jets for a min there and quit harassing me over trivial stuff . 
  i heard you the first user ping around and was gon na get back to you . 
  my source is the [ relevant wikipedia entry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_finland#murder ) which explicitly states that women constitute 25 % of murder victims ( from which i deduced that men should be around 75 % of murder victims then , although i suppose it should be adjusted for 0 , x % of transgender people ) . 
  whether these figures are correct i do not know , they 're certainly in keeping with other figures i 've seen for other countries and was on mobile so i did not investigate the matter further . 
  but let 's say for the sake of the argument that i willfully pulled the numbers out of my ass to strengthen my point , as you accuse me to do in another comment . 
  do you believe in all sincerity that 68 % belongs to an entirely different order of magnitude , compared to 75 % ? 
  68 % is more than enough already to establish considerable over-representation by any reasonable standards . 
  i would have used that percentage in exactly the same way i used `` 75 % '' if i had known it . 
  i do not share your assumption that men being killed more often by fellow men than by women is of such particular relevance when it comes to victimization . 
  murder is murder , and men are its primary victims . 
  i may be a man , but i feel no more kindred or closer ties to another man who 'd kill me , than a woman would in the same situation . 
  there 's no point squabbling about a 7 % discrepancy to `` get the facts right '' if you then proceed to use contrived rhetorics in order to justify putting the spotlight on the demographic that is least likely to be killed , at the expense of the one who is most likely to . 
  i 'm not saying there is n't a gendered aspect to this specific crime today , it 's just that the implication that men are safe from murder while women are at the frontline is terribly misleading . 
  75 % of homicide victims in finland are male . 
  do your damn homework . 
  it was a 3-sec google query away . 
   second , i think that everyone last year was of the opinion that isis may be using refugee status to sneak into europe , but the reaction from the `` rose-tinted '' left imo was that while there is small threat of terrorism how convenient to retroactively pretend you had that sort of insight . 
  next year you 'll be telling us that you knew all along trump would be elected or leave would pass . 
  it was ** nowhere near ** a consensus last year . 
  pre-paris attacks , claims according to which there might have been any risk of terrorist infiltration among migrants [ were met with the usual cocktail of denial , nitpicking , wishful thinking and mockery by mainstream media pundits ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/actualite-medias/article/2015/11/17/des-terroristes-parmi-les-migrants-des-medias-accuses-de-minimiser_4812135_3236.html ) . 
  if it sounds familiar , it might be because the same kind of media got drunk on the same cocktail and proceeded to also get brexit and the us presidential elections wrong for good measure . 
  under normal circumstances , i 'd be glad that you guys finally changed your mind and ended up acknowledging something that should have been obvious from the get-go . 
  sadly , this only came at the cost of 130 lives in paris last november . 
  a couple of years ago i found a eu report on gender inequality in finland . 
  it went in great detail into trivial b.s , but there was n't literally a single mention of anything related to conscription or military service . 
  i 'm not sure if they appreciate that the backlash that inevitably ensues when you keep being a dick to people who meant well ( as i 'm sure most instances of `` mansplaining '' are ) will be far worse than whatever the initial issue was . 
  do n't these people understand that power is always a balancing act , and that bad things happen once you start overplaying your cards because you refused to pick your battles ? 
  isis sectarianism is hardly what anyone has ever meant by islamophobia .
