  in the west they target priests and attempt terrorist attacks in or near churches . 
  in the middle east , christian communities are targeted in egypt and already a shadow of their former selves in iraq and parts of syria . 
  sure seems to me christianophobia kills more than islamophobia . 
  if it were n't tragic , it 'd almost be how funny how blatantly they put forward the `` right victims '' and erase the experiences of those whose families point fingers and question how sloppy the government has been in addressing islamic extremism . 
  the establishment only cares about you as a victim if your family push their narrative about how the * real * issue is somehow defending multiculturalism . 
  my dna test begs to differ and that 's in spite of having ancestors from all over the place in europe . 
  most people i know do n't even have this sort of mixed heritage . 
  but more importantly : if you ca n't tell , does it matter ? 
  there is no consensus among historians over the impact of the battle of tours . 
  awful person , cool hat , great name . 
  okay , so this is gon na be very random and somewhat counter-intuitive , but here goes : even though he does say `` je suis la loi '' at some other point during the movie , the more iconic `` i am the law '' quote ( when he is getting off the bike ) is actually translated as `` la loi c'est moi '' . 
  which may be a reference to a famous quote from louis xiv : `` l'\u00c9tat c'est moi '' . 
  does it matter ? 
  i like to think it does . 
  bonnie and clyde ? 
  for every situation where being a minority left `` stranded '' in another jurisdiction is n't a big deal because you are treated fairly and equally no matter what , there are examples of the opposite . 
  as a general rule it 's simply a safer deal to be part of the majority the state is built around , and croatia is no exception actually because to this day croatian serbs face particular challenges and discrimination . 
  when the shit hits the fan and it looks like the borders might be re-drawn one way or another , claiming whatever you can and trying to secure as much territory where some of your people lives as possible is the rational move . 
  granted , in practice the claims themselves are often stupid and the consequences can be bloody . 
  the underlying logic of it is sound , however . 
  it 's kind of funny how some people feel like they have to differentiate `` their ways '' from `` foreign ( american ) ways '' even if that means dismissing views held for decades by millions of their own countrymen . 
  the worst part is that they 're typically young urbanites who are n't that knowledgeable about what their country 's ways really are outside of their social circles . 
  try uttering `` gun ownership '' in france and they 'll meet you with autistic screeching , completely unaware that we traditionally and even currently still have tons of guns per capita . 
  we rank 11 out of 170 + countries . 
  and such great timing too , just as venezuela was starving and rioting against its impossibly corrupt and inept regime . 
  even though some people are already re-writing history to make it seem as if they saw that coming ( they almost certainly did n't ) , trump winning the election was an impressive achievement too . 
  using power is a different thing altogether from acquiring it . 
  is n't there also the fact that praising him has got ta be premature considering he has n't done anything of importance yet ? 
  for all we know ( and it 's my personal theory ) , he 's just a pretty face that might not accomplish that much . 
  in a way that makes sense , giving it up now is a different thing altogether from the * what if * history of having never joined the eurozone . 
  i 'm not necessarily sold on the euro , but a major country giving it up would lead to a clusterfuck that would make brexit look like a stain on your shirt . 
  it would most likely cancel for a long time whatever benefits the move might theoretically have . 
  one of the rules i go by is that if i find myself in the kind of place that offers both fish & chips and kebab ( and typically a lot of other stuff too ) , then i wo n't order any of that . 
  if i really have to eat there , i 'll go for pizza or burger/fries or whatever else they 're least likely to fail badly . 
  i love me a good fish and chips , but you got ta leave it to the pros . 
  same with kebab . 
  we have returned to an era where some of what enlightenment thinkers said about islam and muhammad would probably be characterized as hate speech if a random person said the same today . 
  criticizing religion was n't without its risks back then , and it is n't now . 
  the worst part of the situation is that this is n't a genuine development that comes from ourselves . 
  after all , the same deference has n't been re-afforded to christianity for a long time now and christians are pretty much fair game for criticism ( they 're largely toothless anyway ) , hinting that this new-found respect is specific to islam . 
  i think this situation is simply due to us rationalizing the chilling effect of ( successful ) intimidation/terrorist campaigns islamists have been waging on critics since at least the salman rushdie controversy . 
  fear of violence leads to begrudging respect ( which is understandable ) , but due to whatever quirk of the human mind i 'm concerned that this begrudging respect might be turning into actual deference . 
   whatever you read here , it 's a bunch of kremlin influenced people yeah , i can already sense i 'm getting a strictly impartial and well-balanced report of facts from you guys here too . 
  then perhaps actual locals should n't remain a part of nato and hide behind its protection while denying human rights to a minority related to its scary big neighbor , contributing little to the alliance while representing a disproportionate threat to it . 
  and let 's not forget about every drunk uncle 's favorite variant of this saying , `` il y' a baleine sous gravillon '' ( there 's a whale under a single piece of gravel ) . 
  thanks , appreciate the reply . 
  this one will go straight to my `` things that seem counter-intuitive but are actually true '' mental database . 
  how many days/weeks a year can you reasonably sit outside for a drink ? 
  it 's not exactly the first place that pops to mind when you think of terrace bars . 
  we 're not . 
  if we were , drawing muhammad would n't be signing a death warrant , people would n't be trying to find ways to rationalize this , and we sure as hell would n't be looking at a drunk man carrying his pint home as a grand display of human resilience . 
  i ran the numbers once and realised that even during its absolute worst year , there were fewer homicides per capita in northern ireland than there are in present-day detroit , and roughly in the same ballpark as chicago . 
  yeah , and belgium totally does that 's why they 've been attacked twice . 
  sweden too . 
  and the coptic community in egypt . 
   he and his voters constantly seemed to act as if they 're speaking for all of france , it 's an incredibly annoying attitude . 
  many of them ( the sort you 're likely to meet on reddit or in college , at least ) live in a bubble of their own creation -- they 're young , educated urbanites who do n't really ever hang out with far-rightists and probably even less so with right-leaning moderates ( who tend to be older ) . 
  while they probably encounter macron supporters often enough , whenever they 're in sufficient numbers they have little trouble silencing them pulling the guilt-tripping '' * ultraliberal * '' card or something like that , which by the way is exactly what happened on / r/france during the campaign . 
  as you hint at yourself , there 's definitely a lot of self-righteousness going on in these circles too which does n't help . 
  under such conditions many must come to believe they 're somehow the one truly legitimate voice of french society , as opposed to a fraction of it ( that simply is n't that relevant outside of a few specific demographics ) . 
  i agree with most of your comment but i 'm not sure it 's fair to just assert he willfully sabotaged anything . 
  it 's a theory some people have , sure , but there 's nothing approaching a consensus on that . 
  he was a pessimist at heart ( even during his-pre war career and wwi itself ) and he absolutely did have an agenda ( which went above and beyond mere damage control ) that he thought would be a good idea to implement while occupied among other things you can blame him for , but the situation was already fubar anyway by the time he came back into play . 
  i 've never heard anyone saying that the few more days of armed resistance there might have been had he not overreached would have made any military difference . 
  the terms were n't exactly of unconditional surrender either . 
  the vichy state retained some actual control over its territory at least until it was invaded in 1942 . 
   on the continent is having a mistresses seen as a mere leisure activity . 
  to be honest and unless there 's some proper data to back this up , i do n't think infidelity is actually more accepted in france than anywhere else . 
  i 'm not blaming foreigners for perpetuating the stereotype to the extent that even some french people like to play on it for whatever reason , but to my ears it sounds a lot like the sort of stereotypes that -- if it was ever true -- stopped being accurate at some point during the 60s or 70s . 
  what a dutch accent may lack in the sexiness department , it more than makes up for in clarity . 
  my dutch friends can pop into a supermarket in an english-speaking country , crack up a joke with a random guy and be immediately understood . 
  in the meantime it 's nothing short of a miracle when any of my french friends or myself ( all of us experienced expats ) can go for more than 2 sentences in english before having to repeat ourselves . 
  yeah it 's something a lot of people say , usually to make a political point , but then they seem to leave it at that and i do n't think i 've seen anyone trying to demonstrate that point . 
  did people not have a sense of identity back then ? 
  it all boils down to whether you believe it 's strictly up to governments ( even more so for non-democratic regimes ) to define themselves and no one else has a right to . 
  does the * no true communism * crowd apply the same rigorous standards for capitalist countries ? 
  few governments explicit call themselves capitalist and hardly anyone ever has described their own policies as `` neoliberal '' , and yet most people seem fine using these terms . 
  * threat level : midnight *, 
  on a scale of 1 to 10 , with 10 being the peskiest of pesky , how pesky are we talking about here ? 
  what are the grievances/demands/goals of radical anti-putin far-rightists in russia ? 
  does it have to do with how the governments deals with the caucasus and supports people like kadyrov ? 
  in the west we tend to associate putin and the russian government with far-right/authoritarian/nationalist ideology . 
  as a result , we lack the context here and i think it 's difficult for us to wrap our heads around the idea that there could be a russian far-right movement so upset against the government that it engages in terrorism . 
   or perhaps power vacuum combined with poverty and national inexperience is a natural breeding ground for all kinds of extremism ? 
  yeah everybody has good reasons why they failed at something . 
  frankly , that is n't anybody 's concern but the chechens ' anymore . 
  all i care about is that russia had to act and they did so decisively . 
  do n't make it sound as if i 'm the one bringing up weird ideas here . 
  i have n't heard any talk of chechen independence being mentioned as a viable alternative in years , even from western governments and media . 
  and it 's not like those two are pro-russian to begin with . 
  russians briefly tried to leave it alone but chechnya abducted and enslaved/ransomed literal thousands of russian citizens and then tried to invade dagestan . 
  it tells volumes about a place when a man like kadyrov is somehow still its least worse shot at making it amount to something . 
  speak clearly and slowly -- using slightly simpler words as you would usually -- even when the person you 're addressing claims to know english fairly well ( assuming that said person is n't an english-speaking native obviously ) , and you 'll be fine . 
  i do n't think there 's a strong opinion on regional american accents in any country which does n't primarily speak english . 
  as others said , yours might get perceived more or less subconsciously as the quintessential american accent , but that should be about it . 
   is this how it is with the rest of europe , or do you have more european bands ? 
  a mixture of both , really . 
  here in france one of the most famous nationwide radio broadcasts a roughly 50-50 combination of classic rock songs ( anything ranging from chuby checker 's let 's twist again to a horse with no name ) interspersed with some old-timey french songs . 
  if i 'm not mistaken it is in fact mandatory for french radio stations to play at least 50 % of songs in french language . 
  it had n't even crossed my mind before reading your post that a foreign visitor could find that odd , although i suppose i get why you 'd feel that way .
