that makes sense of course , but immigrants have kids . 
  in france , we 're well past the 4th generation of french people of arab descent and no matter where you stand on the political spectrum there 's a general consensus that integration is - at best - still an-going process in many cases , and at worst that this process has failed irremediably too many of them . 
  we have to extrapolate a bit to find answers due to the lack of ethnic-based statistics , but it 's essentially an open secret that about 2/3 of the prison population in france is muslim , obviously a significant over-representation . 
  thanks for your answer !, 
  pretty much confirms my intuition that i would n't have made it as an interpreter anyways . 
  i 've heard of these theories and i 'd be happy to take your word for it that they 're well sourced . 
  but to be honest i was talking about ethnic minorities in general which i feel is a bit broader than first-generation immigrants . 
  you 're right of course . 
  i mean that rhetorically , as in `` why would anyone inflict that on themselves willingly ? '' . 
  it 's not exactly like we western europeans have set brilliant examples of mass integration before them . 
  i 've literally been told once by a russian lady that she could n't see herself living in france for that reason alone , and i ca n't bring myself to blame her . 
  it 's not just that 50 years down the road as a society we still absolutely suck at integrating certain minorities into mainstream society ( and the results show ) , it 's also that the topic has gotten so ridiculously heated and controversial that we ca n't even discuss it rationally anymore . 
  is interpreting from 4 passive languages the standard when working with the ue ? 
  what 's the bare minimum a conference interpreter might get away with to get a job at the ue ? 
   homogeneity of a country is a benefit , absolutely not a hindrance you see this popping up all the time on reddit whenever crime rates are brought up . 
  the most widely-shared assumption , * even * among most left-leaning people contributing to the discussion , is that homogeneity of a country legitimately helps explain comparatively-low crime rates , but never comparatively-high crime rates . 
  if almost everyone agrees that homogeneity makes things simpler more than it complicates them , why the hell would currently-highly homogenous countries even want to make things more complicated for themselves ? 
  it 's not even a matter of being left or right-wing , it just makes no sense whatsoever to consciously push for something like that . 
  talking about diversity and better integration of ethnic minorities only makes sense when the population of your country is already diverse . 
  yeah , i too very strongly suspect that bosnia as a country simply wo n't be as decisive and swift as hungary . 
  `` beyond a reasonable doubt '' is the standard of evidence of american criminal courts , do n't know about germany but it does n't necessarily apply to everyone everywhere . 
  provided there is compelling evidence to back this up , a jury 's or a magistrate 's `` intimate belief '' that the guy is the murderer is enough to secure a conviction in my jurisdiction . 
  how many reasons are there exactly for visiting syria in 2015 as a westerner other than being a jihadist ? 
  sure , there are a handful of western volunteers in kurdish or otherwise anti-isis militias , but if they made it to fight isis it 's safe to assume they would be okay with sharing evidence proving they fought terrorists , not associated with them . 
  is n't `` siga '' on the map just the part they ( not the refugees , obviously ) tried to claim as liberland ? 
  that 's not my point . 
  i have no strong opinion on whether the eu should be heavily integrated/federalized or not . 
  all i know is that doing a half-ass job by pretending like * we 're like a country but then not really behaving like one * was a terrible idea , as evidenced by current events . 
  if we were n't ready for a fuller form of federalization , we should n't have implemented schengen-type of agreements in the first place . 
  i 'd rather deal with corrupt politicians who also happen to actually try to enforce the rule of law ( at least when it comes to borders management ) , than with honest-to-god bleeding hearts who 'd want to open up the borders out of misguided ideological motives . 
   they should ask for help . 
  they have . 
  which they should n't even have to in the first place , external border control should have been properly federalized a long time ago instead of having a couple of unluckily situated countries bear the brunt of it . 
  managing borders as if the eu was some sort of federal country * without * having the actual prerogatives , resources , agencies and police forces that come with real-life federal states predictably proved to be a catastrophic idea . 
  they should do like us europeans and learn geography through football . 
  i 'm honestly not too sure some of my friends would even have heard of the collapse of yugoslavia if it were n't for the waste of football talent they constantly rant about to this day . 
  but then again , i probably need better friends . 
   it 's not terribly uncommon indeed . 
  it 's common enough that even some of the ugliest serial killers ( to say nothing about their perverse personalities , just talking about sheer looks ) get more attention than many of us . 
   there are flaws and gripes in the us states system as well . 
  you 're comparing the eu with modern-day america , but right now it 's probably more relevant to compare it to the articles of confederation days : integrated enough to create a number of additional issues ( on top of the ones that 'd arise organically between sovereign states ) , not integrated enough to solve most of them . 
  the open borders policy is the quintessential example . 
  we opened up internal borders while retaining national-based asylum and immigration schemes , but could n't be bothered to create a true european agency for external borders . 
  it 's a good thing that you speak up about it . 
  the clearer self-described liberals are about it , the better it is for everybody . 
  with the whole rotherham mass rapes debacle and the way it was handled , it 's understandable though that people are wary of hypocritical double standards committed under the guise of `` anti-racism '' - which ironically only lead to far more racism as a result of the backlash - when it comes to certain subsets of progressives . 
  what i like the most about these jokes is that they never get old , tiring or repetitive . 
   i fear you 're being a bit too euro/western-centric here i 'm sorry but this feels like putting the cart before the horse for reasons that are ideological , not historical . 
  saying someone is being euro-centric , without producing evidence that this person is wrong for being so , is hardly legitimate criticism . 
  i 'll stop being western-centric about secularism the day i 'm presented with a conclusive historical account of non-western secularism ( that originated on their own , independently of major western influences ) . 
  i have not so far , and everything i know of this topic supports the opposite conclusion . 
  secularism has a lot to do with the revival of the classical culture ancient greeks and ancient romans were anything but secular . 
  religion was a local affair and a major civic duty ( socrates was executed for not believing in the patron gods of his city ) , religious rituals were many , mandatory and tedious . 
  religion underpinned the extremely unequal nature of society ( slaves were n't slaves because they deserved to have their rights forfeited as individuals , they were a social class of `` living tools '' because it was fundamentally what the natural order and the gods decreed ) , whereas you could argue that christianity implies a fundamental equality between human beings , at least for religious purposes ( everyone has a soul and can make meaningful decisions ) . 
   since secularism is previous to christianism or any other religion . 
  then again , none of the pre-christian cultures in europe that i 'm familiar with were even close to being secular . 
  even by its own standards , isis is particularly cruel to alleged spies . 
  i do n't wish an excessively painful death on anyone , not even to this guy , but if fear of being taken for a spy could deter any foreigner from joining isis then it 's more than worth it . 
   with highly christian roots one ca n't possibly stress that enough . 
  secularism has not come about in a vacuum . 
  ideas have a historical context , and the context in this case is overwhelmingly christian in origin . 
  coining a new concept ( secularism , for instance ) relies on a set of underlying fundamental ideas , and that set of ideas has a lot to do with christianity too . 
  larry siedentop 's * inventing the individual * is a great book on the matter . 
  a tough read , but it makes a very compelling argument about how the church and religious thinkers unwittingly planted the early seeds on so many different levels , not only for the enlightenment era but more specifically even for what would eventually become secular humanism . 
  they handled it very poorly regardless . 
  local police got caught in the crossfire , armed civilians joined the fight , conscripts were seen running away from battle , lots of confusion and lack of communication between security services . 
  it was total chaos , nobody had seriously planned for this . 
  i used to work with foreign tourists on a daily basis in a rather touristy place . 
  simply starting a convo with `` je ne parle pas fran\u00e7ais '' goes a long way , and if the person you 're talking to frequently deals with tourists then carrying on the rest in reasonably-paced english will be just fine . 
  the only times i have a problem with speaking english to somebody is when some guy starts addressing me instantly in heavily accented , unreasonably fast english and talks to me as if i was from his neighborhood back home . 
  thing is , a lot of people do n't deal that frequently with foreign tourists and many are insecure about their language skills . 
  this often gets mischaracterized as arrogance and unwillingness to speak in english , but i 'm fairly certain that in most cases no offence is intended . 
  very true . 
  you 'd be surprised how little some of my friends are americanized , or even influenced by foreign cultures at all . 
  the overwhelming majority of their cultural references is french , they read and watch everything in french , both online and outside of it . 
  at most they watch a couple of dubbed aaa american tv shows and blockbusters , and a few can decipher specialized english-language publications pertaining to their field if needed . 
  that 's about the entire extent of it , and bear in mind they 're college educated middle class who are internet-savvy . 
  whenever i switch between them and my anglo , dutch or eastern european friends , it definitely feels like there exists two different worlds and i 'm navigating somewhere in between . 
  yeah we do . 
  actually we have been doing that for decades if not centuries now and we still do n't have much to show for it . 
  part of the problem is that many pupils simply are n't interested and wo n't do anything to learn on their own ( i mean , you can spend your entire life not having to speak or even hear another language on a regular basis ) , and the rest of the problem is that language teaching in school tends on the awful side . 
  french pupils spend more time being corrected by teachers over needlessly complex points of grammar ( that nobody cares if they get wrong in a real life situation ) , than they do actually building their vocabulary or improving conversational skills . 
  we do have a bit of an insular mindset , we tend to be standoffish and most french people could n't speak any foreign language to save their lives . 
  when combined together , it 's not surprising that we come across as arrogant . 
  in typical french fashion , i tend to shake my head in silent , overtly-jugdmental disapproval when confronted with public displays of obnoxiousness from foreign tourists . 
  it never occurred to me until now that one day , it * might * be that these guys i 'm disapproving of will turn out to be active service in their country 's military , sweep in and save the day . 
  something to think about . 
  i find it interesting that you realized this on your own , it took me quite a bit of reading . 
  welcome to the fascinating , if morbid and depressing , world of double standards when it comes to war coverage . 
  the over-simplified answer to your question is that the media are n't doing their job properly and that you , along the rest of society , have been desensitized to male deaths in times of war and crisis . 
  it 's not strictly a * rape versus murder * thing , though . 
  it coincides more closely with gender lines . 
  male rape * definitely * happens in wartime , and yet we very seldom hear of it . 
  it simply gets swept under the rug . 
  in contrast , instances of women being included for mass executions of civilians - which are rarer than male-only executions - typically receive a disproportionate amount of media attention . 
  [ this case analysis of the war in ex yugoslavia is a great introduction ] ( http://adamjones.freeservers.com/gendercide_in_kosovo.htm ) . 
   they forgot/ignored to wear masks during the entire abduction , then realized the girl could easily identify them and proceeded to killed her how idiotic do you have to you be for something like that to happen . 
  what a bunch of amateurish murderers . 
   wait ... 
  what ??
