  because at the end of the day that 's what they 're actually concerned with - how sick and tired westerners respond to this . 
  not the loss of human life , not the risk of severe negative consequences for society in its entirety , just the fact that thousands of miles away there 's going to be some mountain dew-drinking random us teenager who 'll vent his frustration on a keyboard . 
  how 's that for losing touch with reality ? 
  you can see how increasingly desperately they 're trying to somehow pin at least some blame on anyone who 's preferably white and certainly not muslim . 
  when cognitive dissonance becomes severe enough , this is all that 's left for you to do . 
  hence the fact there 's even a `` please not be muslim '' meme for these scenarios . 
   everyone usually comes out unhappy which seems to be a good indication of fairness very solid point  . 
  thanks for the info . 
   i 've also been shocked at how much it has helped in the informal social world at work where 100 % of the people in my department are either married or divorced . 
  interesting , i had no idea . 
  a bit of an unrelated question really , but are divorce courts fair in spain ( assuming that is the jurisdiction of your marriage ) ? 
  someone else on this thread mentioned portugal as a place where they sure seem to be . 
   ( cheating is most common cause for divorce ) if you say so . 
  but are more than half of divorces caused by cheating ? 
  i 'm asking because if there are many causes invoked then even the most common one could stand at 15 % or something . 
  the overwhelming majority of divorces are female initiated and i believe that no specific reason is brought up before the divorce court in most cases , at least where i 'm from . 
  anecdotally , i have seen my father getting divorced because my mother wanted to consort with a much lesser man instead , many of my friends back then were in a situation that looked a lot like it too . 
  so yeah , that 's a hard pill to swallow . 
  no amount of shaming about how men are supposedly these sex-crazed cheaters is going to ever change that . 
   but at the end of the day it 's a legal contract that is important i agree fully with that part , and it 's precisely the reason why i 'm very wary of arguments in favor of marriage that are emotional in nature - which are by far the most common when nationality is not a factor . 
  i 've signed a number of contracts , but even with the ones signed between blood relatives all parties made it a point that they are legally binding and as such require proper reflexion , not '' * omg , if you 're in love you do n't think about these things lol * '' . 
  for better or worse , you guys are uniquely good at displaying your history and culture to the entire world . 
  sun tzu remarked that if you do n't leave an escape route to a cornered enemy , they 'll fight to the bitter end . 
  that was dozens of centuries ago . 
  judging by how much they like to broadcast their execution vids , we can roughly guess how many soldiers recently let themselves be captured by isis . 
  what we 'll most likely never know however , is how much damage was inflicted on isis by surrounded troops that had no choice but to fight with everything they 've got . 
  in several cases , regime army garrisons have succesfully held up to 3 year long sieges . 
  being all stick and no carrot is a double edged sword . 
  it may not be what you 're asking for , but there 's this interesting side effect i have witnessed : many ordinary people seem to have processed the experience , fully acknowledged the inevitability of random attacks , then grew a thicker skin and decided they 're just going to live with it . 
  just like people in many other parts of the world have to . 
  human beings in general are great at adapting to all sorts of circumstances , but the day you have to lower the bar so much that you 'll accept this as a new aspect of big city life is a sad one . 
  no it should n't . 
  i said chav but i 'm not sure that was the best word to describe exactly the same profile that i 'm sure both us are having in mind right now . 
   he kept germany out of libya while every other nato nation was rushing to join in the melee that 's no small achievement . 
  intervening in libya was such a fuckup . 
  props to him , too bad that his passing is the first time i 've heard of him . 
  exactly . 
  there seems to be serious class-based differences regarding holiday destinations in the uk . 
  the kind , patient and polite ( to a fault , actually ) british folks i deal with as part of my job in the french countryside have nothing in common with some chav getting into a drunken argument with a prostitute in phuket or wherever . 
   he did n't talk much about it , and when he did , he expressed support for it . 
  i 'd like to see a source for that . 
  an article i read the other day specifically mentioned that he did not say anything * at all * on the record before the iraq war before it happened . 
  it 's not like societies have been dealing with this for centuries and we already know the outcome for sure . 
  we ca n't be certain of what happens next if/when few workers will have to support an elderly population , and when retirement schemes become unsustainable . 
  talking about harry potter , severus snape becomes * severus rogue * in the french translation . 
  which would have been fine for clarification purposes , except for the fact that * rogue * is a rare archaic french word , meaning `` arrogant '' , that few french speakers understand . 
  as a kid i just assumed for the longest time that `` rogue '' in harry potter was an allusion to the sort of heroic fantasy thief that i had grown used to thanks to videogames . 
  turns out those two words are unrelated and do n't even share the same roots . 
  some translators overdo it . 
  translating proper nouns in a way that somehow turns them into something more complicated * even * for the audiences you 're translating for is something that pisses me off more than it should . 
  absolutely . 
  the british tourists i interact with as part of my job in touristy areas of rural france are the most patient , agreeable and polite folks i deal with . 
  essentially they 're just not the same sort of people that you 'd meet in ibiza , amsterdam or in thailand . 
   too little instinct to cooperate . 
  sometimes it 's just not necessarily in the best interests of european countries to cooperate with one another . 
  to take just one example , france has a rational interest in getting closer with russia to fight against isis . 
  as a french national , i 'm more than okay with this . 
  but let 's be honest if i were a finn or from a baltic state i would be pretty pissed off at a major european country for developing closer ties with russia . 
  as i phrased it , it is absolute hogwash . 
  it implies a strong form of causation which is easily disproved . 
  but yes , a more nuanced argument making the case that a large pool of alienated youth makes extremists ' job to recruit far easier than it otherwise would be is n't `` absolutely '' wrong . 
  in any case and considering what it at stake every time we reinforce the idea that terrorism is somehow an understandable form of discontent ( making * their * jobs easier ) , i 'd rather go for hyperbole and use `` absolutely '' in a debatable way instead of joining that crowd . 
  and this is precisely why the * terrorism happens because there are underprivileged youth facing racism in western countries * narrative , which is taken as gospel by many , is absolute hogwash . 
  even after looking up wikipedia for its `` 1977 in america '' entry , i honestly do n't know which event you 're referring to . 
  lola sounds like she had lot of good friends , i know of at least another redditor who knew her too . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  i do n't know how to contact david bowie . 
  but if someone manages to catch his attention and start some kind of initiative that needs online attention , i would be happy to help . 
  keep on rocking in the free world . 
  i 'm not , because i 'm pretty sure that when it comes to social issues there are n't * that * many differences between what the left can and ca n't do to address them . 
  on either side of the atlantic . 
  one of the main differences is that it 's much easier to quantify racial issues in america ( from who commits crime to who suffers from discrimination to who faces biases in some areas , etc. ), 
  than it is in most places in europe , so i 'm going with american examples instead . 
  here in france we might have been buried our heads so deeply in the sand that we ca n't even find relevant statistics when needed if only in order to check the scope of those issues , but most people on either end of the political spectrum seem to agree that our integration of minorities is far from satisfying . 
  significant achievements have been made regarding gay rights and women rights/integration in the workplace , no doubt about it . 
  western societies went from socially acceptable homophobic police raids to widely supported gay marriages , all in a matter of decades . 
  have they actually done anything of the sort against racism and to improve the integration of ethnic minorities , though ? 
  public expressions of blatant racism have largely become unacceptable and grossly racist laws in the us south have been repealed since . 
  but considering how prevalent anti-racist narratives have been on a daily basis for the last 40-to-50 years , this is surprisingly little to show for it . 
  in some respects , african americans somehow fare worse than they did decades ago ( e.g. 
  incarceration rates , and a great decline in family structure which of course is overlooked by progressives but arguably more important than many other factors ) . 
  hard to say . 
  this is entirely anecdotal , but i used to work in the `` gay village '' in paris ( le marais ) and i befriended local cops . 
  one night they were tipsy and they kept telling me the only real problem they have in their part of the city is when `` youths '' come down from the suburbs to beat up and mug local gay men . 
  breivik was one lone nutter . 
  norway adopted the proper reaction considering the circumstances , but it 's at least in part because they could * afford to * . 
  islamic terrorism is a whole other beast . 
  isis is a whole other beast - it 's an entity acting effectively a state which officially sponsors terrorist attacks . 
  and unfortunately , in my country at the moment there are far more than just one person ( like breivik ) who would very much like to gun down , bomb and stab innocent civilians . 
  paranoia or not , people are absolutely right to suspect that we have n't yet seen an end to these senseless aggressions . 
  thank for you for sharing your perspective , i did not know that . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with your first post ( mocking their humanity ) , but i see where you 're coming with this one . 
  you 're right that the cover this week feels hopeful and inspirational albeit in its own slightly twisted way , whereas in comparison other covers about other victims were just grim and very dark , if not mean-spirited . 
  so yeah basically i agree , if they 're going to mock some victims then they should mock all victims . 
  you 're absolutely right , i 've been pointing out myself in another comment that even something you never think of such as carbon monoxide poisoning is a far bigger killer than terrorism in france . 
  but human nature being what it is , people are absolutely gon na react by being paranoid . 
  if what happened in paris starts happening fairly regularly ( more so than it has so far ) , daily life is bound to be seriously disrupted no matter what you and i think of it . 
  i 'm afraid you read me wrong . 
  isis absolutely ** needs ** to get taken down and * anyone * standing by their side should be on the receiving end of a drone or a navy seals raid . 
  if my comment history is of any indication , i 've been saying that over and over for the last 18 months .
