  donating blood has never been a fundamental human right , but merely a kind gesture that should only be done within the framework of reasonable sanitary guidelines . 
  as i said , i 'd rather avoid the word toxic in that context to begin with , but if we 're gon na do that for men then yeah definitely we should apply that to women too . 
  do n't ever trust someone who claims that there might be something wrong with half of mankind , but not with the other half . 
  it 's obviously absurd . 
  * toxic masculinity * supposedly refers to behaviors that ultimately end up being harmful to men themselves and to other people . 
  getting into a pointless bar brawl because some stranger said something about your girlfriend is the quintessential example of toxic masculinity - you 're just screwing yourself over for no reason and this is precisely why it 's a bad thing . 
  in practice however you 're right to remark that the very concept of toxic masculinity is very confusing . 
  it 's alienating because it kinda implies there 's something fundamentally wrong with an entire gender . 
  most people , starting with some feminists themselves , understand it exactly that way . 
  the basic idea behind toxic masculinity is valid in my opinion and describes a truth that men need to hear for their own good , but the expression itself is self defeating and counter-productive so it needs to go away . 
  what the hell are you even on about . 
  i do n't normally respond to troll accounts , but it 's important enough that people are aware [ they 're entitled by law anywhere in the eu to benefit from translators and interpreters when accused of a crime ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/justice/criminal/criminal-rights/right-translation/index_en.htm ) . 
  for fucking obvious reasons . 
  to be honest i 'm more surprised that people would apparently specifically ask for someone who speaks their language while ordering fast food . 
  i really do n't know much about germany , but this is surprisingly cheap . 
  chinese buffets and fast food menus would cost about twice as much if not more here . 
  i doubt it was that cheap , but in russia a lot of restaurants offer rather cheap 2 or 3-course `` business lunches '' with limited selection of food items . 
  first course is typically a soup too . 
  even in touristy places where they have a menu in english , unsurprisingly you 'll only find that on the russian language one . 
   too many rules , and more importantly people actually follow the rules , and you 'll be reprimanded by random citizens for breaking them . 
  interesting that you should say that , because for some reason i 've always assumed that the us was a place where you have to actually follow the ( many ) rules . 
  you might feel at home in france too . 
  people are generally standoffish enough not to inquire about your business , and there are a lot of laws/rules/codes that are on the books but neither socially-sanctioned nor even credibly enforced by the police or the government . 
  it 's just a matter of knowing what you can or ca n't get away with . 
   i think religion is a big factor in this too definitely , although the two issues are n't necessarily entirely disconnected from one another . 
  as i said in my initial comment and even though we westerners only hear of their beheadings , when it addresses young muslim men isis propaganda focuses a lot of on its '' * reclaim your manhood and be a real man * '' aspect which ca n't possibly be a coincidence . 
  they even make it a point to `` offer '' ( for lack of a better term ) a wife to all jihadis who have fought for them a certain time . 
   and for the arab spring there was also the issue of rising food prices interesting , i 've read the same thing about the french and russian revolutions . 
  it would make sense that people freak out as soon as they start fearing lacking the means to fulfill the most basic needs . 
   what i do n't get is why these traditional countries keep their traditional values when they obviously do n't work . 
  values are created subconsciously to fulfill practical , social or emotional needs . 
  the problem is that some people remain attached to values even when they 're way past their expiration date and stopped serving a practical need a long time ago . 
  it 's just inertia , and i 'm increasingly convinced that even liberals are n't immune to it . 
   how is the sexual/family thing different in the middle-east than in other parts of the world ? 
  before i reply , i 'd like to mention that i 'm actually a big proponent of the idea that the ability to find a spouse/partner/whatever and the ability to start a family in reasonably decent conditions all matter immensely . 
  even in rich western democracies . 
  that being said europe is n't in the same place as middle east countries . 
  social pressure and all sorts of social restrictions ( i tried dating a girl from a more traditional society once , the mere fact that i was n't a well-off established man from her hometown and sharing the same ethnicity as her were deal-breakers for her entire family ) are definitely a factor . 
  i 'm generalizing obviously , but in these societies a man needs some degree of success or socio-economic integration if he 's serious about dating the daughter or a traditional-minded father . 
  how can that happen when your society has like a 30 % joblessness rate and you 're one of the millions of young men , the demographic hardest hit by unemployment ? 
  to add insult to the injury , while you 're sitting on your ass with your friends , you witness so much corruption and nepotism going on . 
  soon enough you and your friends are going to lose all hope that one 's prospects in life can be improved through conventional means . 
  one day some minor event happens , but it 's the straw that breaks the camel 's back and all hell break loose . 
  i may be wrong and i 'm probably leaving out other important factors , but this pretty much sums up my understanding of the arab spring . 
  i 'm not entirely sure why you do n't see any of that in india and china , but those are strong states ( not so easy to stage a revolution in a country like china ) i suspect it has to do with the fact that there are more economic opportunities and other ways to improve one 's station in life . 
  i guess that in itself just lacking the ability to find a partner is n't enough to start revolutions . 
  well maybe you have your reasons to say that . 
  but in my experience most people who convey the same sentiment got irrationally angry hearing the expression `` end of history '' , left it at that and have never bothered read so much as one entire paragraph of his actual writings . 
  freudian psychoanalysts are gon na have a field day with that title ... ^ ^ and ^ ^ with ^ ^ your ^ ^ attempt ^ ^ at ^ ^ denial ^ ^ too . 
  since you 're sporting a turkey flair and most of us probably lack the context behind some weird-sounding statement like this : care to explain why would the pm say that ? 
  i think it may be an attempt to curb the appeal of extremism , but i 'm not sure though . 
  i read that isis propaganda focuses a lot on that aspect . 
  francis fukuyama once wrote that once ca n't understand much about current events in the middle east if you fail to take into account how young and how frustrated by a perceived lack of long term prospects ( socio-economic * and * sexual/family-wise ) so many men are in this part of the world . 
  most of it was copied and pasted from other sources anyway . 
  as a general rule ( which at least applies to american prisons ) , being imprisoned for racially-motivated crimes is a sure-fire way to get street cred and catapult oneself to the top of white prison gangs . 
  in the case of this guy who 's essentially a pointless teenager killer and seems like he 'd be a major pain in the ass to deal with though , i 'm pretty sure he would alienate himself even from likeminded racist inmates . 
  what struck me when i read a random excerpt from his `` manifesto '' is that he actually seems capable to challenge his own pre-conceived opinions when new information comes to light . 
  the man is a nutter , but probably not quite enough of a nutter to be genuinely unable to comprehend forever that at least he fucking killed innocent teenagers who had nothing whatsoever to do with his politics . 
  obviously he 's proven capable to cling to his bullshit rationalizations and may continue to do so for awhile , but i would n't be surprised if one day he woke up and realized the sheer horror of his actions , and how futile and destructive it all was . 
   we dont need the memoirs of brievik to be leaked out of jail or have him preach his hate . 
  pretty sure this is already happening . 
  sadly , he 's known to be a very prolific writer . 
  even from more serious sources though , the more i hear about this man the more i hate his guts . 
  he should consider himself lucky that it 's easier to deal with normal , peaceable `` je suis charlie '' middle-class folks than it is to deal with hateful ak47-toting islamists , as charlie hebdo had to . 
  he damn well knows it otherwise i doubt he would have the courage to take a stand . 
  decency alone should make any man think twice before causing controversy regarding a difficult topic for which people lost their lives , to make a profit selling books . 
  not sure , but it could be a case of mistranslation that stood the test of time and was already commonly used by the time somebody figured it out . 
  just like * la dr\u00f4le de guerre * ( `` funny war '' ) , mistranslated from its original * phoney war * but nonetheless remained in use because it makes sense too . 
  relatively positive . 
  there is n't really such a thing as moderate rebels , it 's about time somebody stops acting as if there were . 
  well maybe some here and there but they 're either infiltrated by salafists , militarily irrelevant or they 're territorial kurdish militias , which russia has n't attacked ( and likely wo n't , considering what putin said about them ) . 
  in any case , even if there were you could n't possibly trust them enough or assume they 're powerful enough to successfully assume control of a non-extremist government if assad were ousted . 
  i do n't * want to * support the syrian regime and ideally i would n't even want to support those who support the regime , but as far as both western and russian interests are concerned the syrian regime taking back control is the lesser evil in this scenario . 
  i want assad to eventually go because he 's the face of this and you wo n't have lasting peace otherwise , likewise it 'd be great if the sunni majority could gradually reach a substantially better representation in political power and the regime could reform itself . 
  but control of the entire country should never fall into the hands of any entity referred to as `` rebel '' by western media . 
  i do n't disagree with you , and i 'm sure there are many - otherwise decent - kids who find themselves alienated from society and wind up associating themselves with bad apples . 
  but it 's also worth mentioning that a lot of actual terrorists ( not every radical is a terrorist , but there 's obviously some overlap ) come from comparatively privileged backgrounds . 
  some are solid middle-class , others could n't pinpoint a specific instance of discrimination against themselves even if they wanted to . 
  society can spend billions trying to fix social issues all you want or constantly question its alleged racist biases - and those may be good things on their own right - but bear in mind there 's no fixing a small number of delusional individuals that are bent on mass murder . 
   well for starters there is lack of male role model for boys in school which should be considered alongside the fact that due to the massive proportion of divorced households and mothers typically receiving custody over their children , there 's a significant chance that those boys ( and those girls too ) will grow up without a lot of positive male role models . 
  the redditor you responded to is n't necessarily representative of what french people think . 
  i , for one , want to see each and everyone of these idiots prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . 
  on top of being retarded , their violence is selfish because everybody else here loses from our country attracting fewer foreign investments . 
  and i 've been waiting for air france to go belly up for years . 
  same with every regional or global power , i guess . 
   least favourite neighbour : france ( though they are the only ones we respect ) we pretty much begrudgingly accept this as a given . 
  that 's more truth than i can bear in one sentence . 
  these students will eventually move on to live bourgeois middle-class lives and grow out of it , but the influence on society of like-minded people ( pretty much the ones that south park makes fun of these days ) remains . 
  changing society is like trying to steer a tanker , you may have left the ship but if you 've overshot it and set the ship to the wrong course it might not be easy to redress the whole thing in time . 
  iraq and isis-held territory are huge , but the heavily-contested parts of western syria just seem so small . 
  not taking sides here or anything , but how are you supposed to rest at night when you 're involved in what is pretty much an existential conflict , knowing that what separates you from your mortal enemies is no more than a 20-km wide friendly-held stretch of land ? 
  interesting . 
  i had no idea there was even a single country in europe easily allowing concealed carry . 
   terrorism , france is n't same france 2 years ago or 3 and , god forbid , going by the current rate of terrorist attacks france could be an even different place by election time . 
  how much is a 1 bedroom apartment not too far from city centre ? 
  this one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9cv-aq45ve , which is topical i guess !, 
  yeah i 'd say that in my experience most irish people do adjust , no complaints there . 
  what i meant was more that language is a continuum with so many variations that past a certain point it 's not really a matter of speaking it vs not speaking it anymore . 
  i 'll admit i did have hiberno english in mind writing this . 
  nah not necessarily .
