  depends on what you call a stereotype i guess . 
  you 're right about the clich\u00e9 symbols , but some stereotypically `` mediterranean '' / latin behaviors are associated with the french . 
  thing is , at least the northern half of the country and some other regions really are n't that latin/southern european . 
   ca n't make it mandatory anymore if you can make mandatory sending a guy off to war on account of his biological sex , sure you can . 
  according to your scheme , in the event of a major conflict the survival of society would depend on absolutely mandatory conscription for males , but then it seems that no such stringent obligation is imposed on women to reproduce even though it 's the other half of what absolutely needs to be done . 
  why exactly are we trusting one side to uphold their end of the deal without any obligation , while the other needs to be conscripted beforehand ? 
  21st century finland is n't early 20th century france or 1945 ussr , it 's a modern democracy and i assume it 's a reasonably progressive place to live . 
  there 's no guarantee whatsoever than women would instantly turn into baby-making factories . 
  i 'm not knowledgeable about finnish politics , but why the hell do n't they join nato if they 're so concerned about the military threat posed by russia that they need to maintain conscription ? 
  which if you think about it only makes sense if pregnancy was mandatory , at least once for every woman capable of giving birth . 
   white males , the most oppressed minority in today 's world . 
  even among the brand of radical mras you 'd most despise , the number of people making such a claim is * very * close to zero . 
  it 's not difficult to fight against strawmen . 
  the worst issues that men may face because of their gender - yes , even the comparatively few issues that seem to happen mainly because of so-called social progressives - disproportionately affect young men from ethnic minorities and/or very low socio-economic backgrounds . 
  remarkably enough , there are social issues where public opinion changes overtime ( and even those who at some point opposed it eventually went with the flow ) and issues where it does n't . 
  for example , french public opinion has been split evenly on death penalty for decades , almost exactly the same split as it was when it was abolished 30 years ago . 
  however , same-sex marriage has been around for only a couple of years and surveys hint that it 's much more accepted nowadays , even among social conservatives . 
  is the new season any good so far ? 
  chechens can definitely give russia a bad time . 
  but besides their own armed forces ' disregard for the finer points of ethics , russia figured out a loophole : they picked the most ruthless chechen warlord they could find ( kadyrov ) and funneled him and his clan billions of dollars to ensure their loyalty . 
  that way , they brutally keep some semblance of peace in chechnya . 
  this strategy has actually worked wonders . 
  there 's only one thing i 'd fear more than getting on the bad side of a chechen insurgent , and that 's getting on the bad side of ramzan kadyrov . 
  in a very real sense he 's the closest person alive to game of thrones ' ramsay bolton , the guy owns not one but two private prisons . 
  it 's painfully reminding me of the time i jokingly blurted out `` hey , i 'm not single ! '', 
  to a whole group of classmates from different european countries , when asked to introduce myself . 
  that was a stupid icebreaker that generally works fine between french people , but it just went poorly and became awkward real quick in english and within a multicultural environment . 
  i 'm sure he merely meant it as a quick quip . 
  it 's just that sometimes these things do n't translate well . 
  looking at you '' * versatile * '' ( would translate as `` fickle '' ) and especially to you the worst offender of all - '' * actually * '' ( would translate as `` currently '' ) . 
  from what little i know of this topic , georgia seems to have one of the very few governments that have effectively managed to cleanse their own state , put an end to endemic corruption and put a dent in organized crime . 
  i 'm sure much remains to be done , but all of that was done within a few years . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but did n't you guys fire your * entire * traffic police force and only hired back few of them , because it was pretty much entirely corrupt ? 
   what we are dealing with here are very privileged little middle class people who have got into this rhetoric as a means to self-aggrandize . 
  you hint at something important but often overlooked here . 
  for these people , by which i mean stereotypical `` sjws '' , it takes * a lot * of specific knowledge and social etiquette to get there . 
  one minor faux pas , one awkwardly-worded sentence or implication , one word against a group you were n't supposed to criticize - and you 're out . 
  you 're ostracized , you stop being part of the moral crusade and anything that happens to you is fair game because after all you 're now a racist/sexist * bigot * \u2122 . 
  no matter how well-meaning or how genuinely tolerant the person might be , there 's no way your average blue-collar worker is able to show the level of '' * sensitivity * '' ( by which i mean strict adherence to etiquette , dogma and rituals ) sjws would expect him/her to show . 
  mastering these rhetorics which they can then use to their exclusive advantage by claiming moral highground definitely counts as a specific form of `` social privilege '' to me . 
   why not hold this event in oklahoma ? 
  or nebraska ? 
  or west virginia ? 
  what about south dakota ? 
  not that i have ever been to these places , but something tells me that yes you very well could hold this sort of event in any of them . 
  i 've been trying for years to finally get a tinshein swimming pool . 
  makes sense , does n't it ? 
  studies have estimated that it 'd take up to 80 days ( you read that right ) to read entirely all of the tos/eulas that you 've clicked `` i agree '' to each year . 
  when i was living in ireland i once stumbled on a local newspaper article mentioning some sting police operation where an undercover female cop waited for would-be clients to solicit her . 
  the names of the men who solicited her were then published along with their addresses under a `` name and shame ! '', 
  ( sic ) column . 
  i found it pretty despicable on several distinct levels and it was the first time in many months i truly realized there were actual cultural differences i had n't factored in . 
  believe it or not , i 've recently considered moving back and the cultural attitude toward singling out and shaming people in the press and social media over innocuous crap is one factor that made me reconsider . 
  not sure what you mean by non consensual . 
  just because it 's not something we can proud of does n't mean that it is n't of the things the republic was built on ( yeah , sorry for the triple negative here it 's pretty horrendous to read ) . 
  nations are built on all sorts of things , some good and some bad . 
  in any case it shows a pattern and reveals how the very same people who enacted the loi de 1905 * really * felt about religion . 
  the answer to that question is not polite indifference or mere separation between church and state - it 's extreme wariness , bordering at times on outright hostility . 
  if not had dared telling the church and its most devoted members to piss off , i think we would be a much less secular society than we are nowadays . 
  as with all power struggles , the balance of power never sits in a perfect state of equilibrium , it needs to hinge on one side or else it 'll hinge on the other . 
  except that la\u00efcit\u00e9 as applied even all the way back in 1905 was always militant and hostile to whichever established religion was most influential/problematic . 
  google the affaire des fiches , same period as the loi de 1905 , same hostility toward religion on the part of the french government . 
  yes i am , please share the write up, 
  thanks for the kind words man . 
  yeah do n't worry everyone is fine these days . 
  my own stories regarding violence are pretty tame , but if something like that can happen to me and no one cares then it really makes you wonder how many other crimes remain completely under the radar and how many victims do not get any support or any justice merely because their father is n't a news reporter or a politician or a police detective , or anyone else who 's connected enough to get the cops ' attention . 
  at least i 'm privileged enough to be able to move out if i want , or i know how to lodge a complaint to the government if the police wo n't do their job etc , but some people are less fortunate than me and live in much more dangerous areas to make things worse . 
  i really hate the idea that maybe ( probably ) they 're not receiving adequate police/justice protection . 
  wow , those are pretty wild stories indeed . 
  i 'm truly amazed that someone i can talk to has ever been in a situation where he needed to find safety in iraq , of all places  . 
   but leaving france with insecurity as the main reason is a little f * cked up i think , there are plenty of places or mid-sized cities that are as safe as ever i ca n't speak for what other people told me , but yeah i agree . 
  pretty sure my home region is still safer than like 48 of the 50 us states . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , it 's more about the overall climate , lax cultural attitudes and police/judicial response toward so called `` incivilit\u00e9s '' and dysfunctional institutions than it is about sheer crime rates . 
  i fit in better and feel better in more policed societies , where just because you grew up in a poor neighborhood does n't mean that society and half baked sociology analyses will grant you a licence to become a nuisance and act like a thug . 
  it makes daily life simply more enjoyable . 
   i had a gang chase me in munich and a group of teens try to rob me at knifepoint in cizre , turkey . 
  sounds like you have crazier stories than mine  . 
  why did they chase you ? 
  first time was domestic violence when i was still young , my brother and i called the police as my step father started beating up my mom which definitely was n't his first time doing it and we were told `` do n't worry lads , that 's just what couples do , no need to call us for this really '' . 
  they refused to send out a patrol . 
  second time was the assault i described in the previous comment , we called the cops and they refused to send out a patrol , claiming they were stretched thin that night and that we 'd be safe within the confines of my home anyways . 
  my friends and i were outnumbered that night , the only reason why we made it safe and could defend our ground is because we were able to put up a good enough defense and would have used as much violence as needed . 
  third time was about the same would-be homophobic assault . 
  i walked into the police station two days after the incident , expecting to press charges but was denied the right to do so pretty much only on the grounds that i had no visible bruises . 
  being aware that denying me the right to press charges is illegal and in fact was written in a poster right above their desk , i told them so but they did n't care one bit . 
  i have run into other minor situations abroad and in france that did not involve the police , but i do n't care as much about those incidents . 
  i can stomach the occasional assault or the occasional threat , what i ca n't stomach is having to witness law and order not working properly/working very selectively in the very country that raised me . 
   perhaps there will be more europeans coming to canada , usa , and australia i ca n't prove it , but this may have started already , though from some european countries to others . 
  i recently moved from france to a smaller , quieter european country . 
  the amount of french expats that have explicitly brought up crime and/or the general malaise left by terrorist attacks and insecurity by street thugs alike as a reason for their departure is much higher than i anticipated . 
  i ca n't disagree with them either . 
  the police has been of no help whatsoever any of the three times in my life i would have needed them , they once went as far as denying me the right to press charges - which every citizen is entitled to - over an attempt to break into my property by force to beat me up by aggressive idiots who thought i was gay . 
  insecurity may not have played much in my decision to leave , but it sure is part of the reason why i wo n't be going back if i can avoid it . 
  screw this shit , the situation is not gon na get any better either . 
  relief , mostly . 
  though i do remember a number of comments deploring that the help provided by a couple of french nationals apparently went `` unnoticed '' by us media and us centric subreddits . 
  yup , even then worldnews was still to blame . 
  working on yet another movie regarding suburban life in east texas , richard ? 
  every time a terrorist attack with confirmed casualties is still underway , there are several people on / r/france who go '' * oh fucking hell , the / r/worldnews comments will be atrocious . 
  so much racism :( * '' .
