surely exactly the opposite could be said for anti-eu sentiment . 
  anti-eu feeling has peaked in the immediate aftermath of the worst economic recession since the great depression . 
  people are looking for scapegoats and immigrants ( and thus the eu ) are convenient targets . 
  i ca n't speak for / u/tintin113 but i certainly do believe our involvement in the eu is one of the best things our country has going for it . 
  we 're part of a mutually beneficial economic union , subject to regulation that protects the public and the environment and a part of a wider political and social community . 
  are their problems in the eu ? 
  certainly , but they are going to be better resolved with the uk 's involvement rather than having to sit on the sidelines having to obey eu regulation whilst having no say in the matter . 
  ~ ~ plus i want the uk to be involved when the glorious transtellar empire of grande europe is formed . ~ ~, 
  something about volvo 's branding really appeals to me . 
  distinctive font and a minimalist , clean design i think . 
  bp just seems to busy to me , and total 's branding just seems outdated . 
  this precisely . 
  not long ago scottish farmers warned that leaving the eu would be devastating for uk agriculture . 
  `` no , farmers will end up * saving * money thanks to deregulation of things like pesticides . '', 
  what they never thought to mention is that the eu does n't just ban chemicals out of machiavellian spite . 
  banned pesticides are banned because there is good evidence to suggest that they pose a threat to humans and/or the environment . 
  ukip is willing to remove regulation just in the name of business . 
  that is not what is being debated here . 
  it 's * how * you stop people coming to a country . 
  you have to physically deport them / allow huge camps to form on your borders , and that is when the human rights issues start, 
  great news !, 
  a stronger italy means a stronger eu as a whole . 
  i know i 'm only a tourist speaking from experience rather than a parisian myself , but on the subject of montmarte : think twice about visiting sacre-coeur . 
  it 's a massive tourist trap - incredibly busy and commercialised both in the church and in its immediate vicinity . 
   why does it need to be a woman specifically and not juts a man in general ? 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  they were using ' a woman ' in general ? 
  90 % of the public could vote to stay in the eu and he 'd still complain about it, 
  * a great big bushy beard !, 
  i see sugar tax as a win-win . 
  it should reduce the amount of sugar people are eating while giving revenue to the state . 
  it should also help the poor be able to eat healthier on their tight budgets as well , as manufacturers would have the incentive to reduce sugar in ready-meals , fast food , drinks and snacks , etc. 
  i 'd love to see the uk adopt a tax like that . 
  can we please stop propagating this myth ? 
  it is n't true . 
  literally google `` rape sweden '' and wikipedia will tell you why the rape stats seem enormous compared to other nations . 
  yeah , have n't people died of wild boar attacks in places like bavaria ? 
  i would not want to encounter one jogging alone in the woods ... 
  careful though . 
  you are only partially quoting what straus wrote . 
   in relation to this , murray a. straus has written `` although women may assault their partners at approximately the same rate as men , because of the greater physical , financial , and emotional injury suffered by women , they are the predominant victims . 
  consequently , the first priority in services for victims and in prevention and control must continue to be directed toward assaults by husbands from wikipedia . 
  [ source ] ( http://pubpages.unh.edu/~mas2/vb33.pdf ) . 
  there 's at least one red piller further down in the comments so i would n't be surprised if op was one too . 
  i agree . 
  these sites are good for reading about the issue of homelessness , although i 'm afraid they are all uk-centric . 
  [ \\ [ 1 \\ ] ] ( http://england.shelter.org.uk/get_advice/homelessness ) [ \\ [ 2 \\ ] ] ( http://www.jrf.org.uk ) [ \\ [ 3 \\ ] ] ( http://www.homelesspages.org.uk/resources ), 
  redditor for 1 hour ... 
  either you 're a dedicated troll or your a red piller who does n't want the sub to know you are a bigot . 
  i think it 's a bit much to say that i was `` discouraging dissent . '', 
  if anything i was discouraging unfounded arguments against this tech . 
  if anyone was to present a decent argument against ecall with evidence that it did n't save lives , was prohibitively expensive or absolutely endangered privacy more than other technology like say smart phones , then i 'd happily be proven wrong . 
  thus far however , nobody has . 
  opposition to this remains largely baseless speculation or a debate over cost that i do n't personally think warrants the tech to be scrapped . 
  i found the resistance to ecall depressing because right now it seems the biggest hurdle are companies/countries trying to save money - basically what claire perry was trying to argue . 
  exactly . 
  the reasoning behind banning people who have had anal sex in the last * x * years from donating is pretty strong , but if you 're going to implement a ban it should be universal for the entire population , not just a particular group . 
  certainly , but this is only * if * it is implemented badly . 
  [ airbags have the potential to kill people ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/airbag#injuries_and_fatalities ) too , but it does n't mean we do n't use them . 
  regulation and fear of lawsuits ensures that car manufacturers implement safety technology to a reasonable degree . 
  apologies , i think my initial comment was unclear . 
  i 'm firmly of the belief that all new legislation should be thoroughly investigated before being made law , and have enough faith the parliament to believe that this will be the case concerning ecall . 
  my point was that car makers arguing that this would increase the cost of vehicles should not be a primary concern unless the costs were prohibitively expensive , which i doubt they are , because this technology has the potential to save so many lives . 
  / u/torpila put this more succinctly than i have at the top of the thread . 
  the other issues people are mentioning in this thread have [ already been addressed by the commission ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/digital-agenda/en/ecall-time-saved-lives-saved ) , or otherwise do n't otherwise have much proof to suggest that this is the case . 
  but that 's literally what you are doing - you are speculating about what people \\* might * do in opposition to this technology rather than looking at the actual likely outcomes . 
  there is no evidence to suggest that more people will die because cars will be able to alert the emergency services potentially minutes ( or even hours ) earlier than otherwise would be possible . 
  it 's easy to be cynical about the eu but i seriously doubt it is such an amoral institution that any suggestion that ecall technology would cause people to become apathetic about car crashes would somehow be covered up for one reason or another . 
  i fail to see how the car not making an ecall would be any different from the car failing to deploy an airbag in a collision , or the brakes failing . 
  as they would do with the two other scenarios i just named , investigators would look at whether it was the fault of a manufacturer that the car failed to make an ecall or whether an unforeseeable event prevented it from doing so - i.e. 
  the crash was so severe it knocked out the cars electronics or the car was driving through a tunnel , etc. 
  end of story . 
  there have been court cases about whether or not it was the manufacturer 's fault or the driver 's fault since the invention of the automobile - this is not new . 
  i do n't think any decent human being is going to see a car crumpled around a tree and just keep driving because they assume the car is going to have called the emergency services for them . 
  let 's deal with the likely outcome of this scenario ( that this technology will save lives by cutting down response time ) rather than make unfounded speculation of what \\* could * happen . 
  the fact there is any resistance to this at all is pretty depressing . 
  this technology could save the lives of thousands of people . 
  exactly . 
  you 've got to balance secularism with freedom of expression and freedom of religion . 
  unless an item of clothing goes impedes education ( like something that obscures the face ) , then it should n't be banned . 
  and to add to that , the atmosphere is much cleaner in the atacama . 
  europe 's air pollution creates haze . 
  the main priorities here should be a ) saving people , because we can not claim to be civilised countries when we have dead bodies on our beaches . 
  b ) taking a hard line with sending people back . 
  australia has roughly the right idea , although of course it needs to be adapted to europe and its neighbour 's needs . 
  set up refugee camps in north africa in cooperation with those nations . 
  ensure the best conditions in these camps possible . 
  right now we are n't doing enough with either . 
  we 're letting people die out to sea and letting the ones that survive vanish into the continent . 
  i 'm fairly pro-immigration but there always need to be a system of regulation in place . 
  yeah , i would agree with this statement . 
  i 've never received any derogatory remarks or heard of any of my gay friends receiving abuse . 
  still , i think it does depend from area to area . 
  i live somewhere fairly metropolitan . 
  i would n't publicly hold my partner 's hand in some of the rougher parts of cities or the more isolated parts of the countryside . 
  but i guess that 's the case everywhere . 
  good on france !, 
  the less people smoking in europe , the better . 
   among those with particularly high numbers of are polish , lithuanian , bulgarian , romanian and eurosceptic meps the hypocrisy is shocking . 
  criticise the eu of being bloated and expensive and then proceed to bloat the eu with needless assistants .
