   you 're acting as if wearing the burqa is merely a choice of clothing and not an item with a purpose . 
  i 'm using your word . 
  * tool . 
  bigoted or xenophobic work . 
  muslim women living in switzerland are not brainwashed and split off from the rest of the world society , unless you 're going into the stupid fucking trite `` islam is brainwashing '' direction . 
  they are fully capable of rationally looking at the burqa and its virtues/sins , the same as you , or any other swiss person , are . 
  you 're using the word emancipation in literally the exact opposite and wrong way . 
  this is still basic pedantics . 
  emancipation means to set * free * from ** political or legal ** restrictions . 
  taking away the right , and the choice , for a woman to wear the burqa , is , and please understand this , ** the exact opposite of emancipation . 
  ** again ; argue against the burqa all you want , but understand very damn well that you 're not arguing in favor of emancipating people by placing laws on what they can and can not wear . 
  this law is n't `` a person can not be forced to wear a burqa '' -- an unambiguously good sentiment . 
  this is `` nobody is allowed to ever wear the burqa '' , which fucking rightfully brings up the question of `` is this enabling a freer and more accepting society '' ? 
  if switzerland really does value emancipation ; it should n't do the literal and exact opposite of emancipation . 
  i mean , no ? 
  this is basic semantics . 
  like , argue in favor of xenophobia all you want , but let 's not fuckle around with words here . 
  `` swiss-ness inherently excludes islam '' is xenophobia , plain and simple . 
   second , nice quickdraw with the xenophobia card . 
  but maybe you 're confused with what xenophobia means ? 
  is the point that you 're making that you 're xenophobic and do n't think those that would wear a burqa can be , or should be allowed to be `` swiss '' , or is your point that you 're diverting attention to the fact that i 'm american , or did i miss something ? 
  so wearing a burqa , which can be used to express modesty and an unassuming nature ... 
  we must protect our freedoms by regulating and limiting our freedoms, 
  to be modest means to be unassuming , right ? 
  a burka or a niqab can legitimately be seen as an extension of that line of thinking , albeit an extreme example . 
  what if a woman wants to express her unassuming nature ? 
  should women be obligated into taking an ... `` assuming '' nature , in context ? 
  you 're right , but it 's kinda like going to a klan meeting and parody-mimicking them right then and there because they think their views are under-represented . 
  i 've kind of lost my patience with it all , to be honest . 
  you 're mimicking the retards on this sub , not parodying them . 
  christ , did all of the normal fucking non extreme right wing people of this sub come out of the woodworks for this post or something ? 
  you 're not very good at this , are you ? 
  what the darn-diddily-doodily did you just say about me , you little witcharooney ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class at springfield bible college , and i 've been involved in numerous secret mission trips in capital city , and i have over 300 confirmed baptisms . 
  i am trained in the old testament and i 'm the top converter in the entire church mission group . 
  you are nothing to me but just another heathen . 
  i will cast your sins out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before in heaven , mark my diddily-iddilly words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that blasphemy to me over the internet ? 
  think again , friendarino . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of evangelists across springfield and your ip is being traced by god right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggorino . 
  the storm that wipes out the diddily little thing you call your life of sin . 
  you 're going to church , kiddily-widdily . 
  jesus can be anywhere , anytime , and he can turn you to the gospel in over infinity ways , and that 's just with his bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in preaching to nonbelievers , but i have access to the entire dang - diddily bible collection of the springfield bible college and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your sins away off the face of the continent , you diddily-doo satan-worshipper . 
  if only you could have known what holy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you from the heavens , maybe you would have held your darn-diddily-fundgearoo tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're clean of all your sins , you widdillo-skiddily neighborino . 
  i will sing hymns of praise all over you and you will drown in the love of christ . 
  you 're farn-foodily - flank-fiddily reborn , kiddo-diddily . 
  well , that 's a lot more fair . 
  a massive tragedy brought on by local incompetent government becomes a symbol for country-wide government incompetence . 
  ... maybe you need to get better at english , then . 
  that really really might just be the case here . 
  if you 're truly under the delusion that `` naive '' has never been an insult , than this was clearly some sort of translation issue and not you just being a twat , for which i 'd apologize . 
  not that `` you 're a delusional twat '' is an insult , mind you . 
  it 's never been used as one . 
  no no that 's still all stuff i get but the analogy is n't really there , y' know ? 
  the romanian government , as far as i can tell , is not actively enabling an environment where things like the nightclub disaster can happen . 
  i understand that the pm represents the corruption , incompetence , and apathy of the romanian government , but how do corruption , incompetence , and apathy relate to the nightclub disaster ? 
  it 's rather clear-cut if an environmental scandal causes backlash against an environment-unfriendly government , but i just do n't see the connection . 
  how stoicly you respond to shitty behavior is n't an indicator of how shitty your behavior is . 
  well , okay , you can be a complete asshole to someone from literally the other goddamned side of the world for not knowing about the apparently intricate romanian political sensitivities , or you can recognize that i obviously was n't trying to antagonize anyone with those questions and was actually trying to make an effort to * educate * myself about something that you apparently care about . 
  your choice bub . 
  no , no , i get the dude is a piece of shit ; that much seems clear . 
  but it sounds like romanians are conflating grief over a random tragedy with grief over political corruption ? 
  am i understanding that much ? 
  would they conflate a strong eurovision performance with good government ? 
  i do n't understand why the grief over the night club tragedy is translating into anger at the government , and this dude in particular . 
  okay better question * why * is the night club disaster the tipping point ? 
  so like ; i do n't blame merkel for volkswagen lying about emission standards . 
  why should i blame the pm for a single place 's failures ? 
  i ca n't imagine a world where the leader is responsible for every single night club 's safety in the country . 
  ... is there anything more solid than saying he 's a `` representative of everything bad '' ? 
  like , has he made a lot of public statements saying romania needs laxer safety regulations ? 
  political positions that enabled the disaster ? 
  a personal interest in the night club ? 
  the sidebar image extends europe to the azerbaijan/iran border on the caspian sea . 
  that 's a solid 2,000 km difference . 
  this is exactly why i have such a high regard for bush jr. 
  he got elected to the greatest country on earth . 
  * twice * . 
  you should study mandarin . 
  traditional is a fucking wreck compared to simplified . 
  those damned muslimists have waited 1400 years to finish europe off . 
  the guile !, 
  the cunning !, 
  the complete disregard for human dignity !, 
  i almost respect them too much . 
  bernie ai n't a progressive republican . 
  and quite frankly , neither is clinton . 
  she 's sled to the left based on what she said at the debate . 
  further left than this sub , anyway . 
  you seriously think bernie , of all people , is being insincere , to win an election ? 
  i 'm infinitely more worried about the ... belligerent nationalism than the conservatism . 
  no , it 's not a $ 1 - $ 1 difference . 
  if it worked like that , raising the minimum wage would do literally nothing , which is obviously a silly thought . 
  well , the issue is obviously with the senate & house . 
  the president is a relatively small deal compared to that . 
  well , we * should * all be able to agree that having the highest rate of inequality since the goddamned great depression is * probably * not a good thing . 
  this sub 's surprisingly antagonistic towards bernie , who 's probably as close to european-left as american politics gets . 
  must be all those insane right-wingers that have stopped by since the crisis started getting traction ?
