  english speakers can comprehend a lot of basic dutch without understanding a single word . 
  it 's instantly comprehensible . 
  spanish and french do n't even compare . 
  and we do a terrible job of teaching it . 
  : s the common trope is someone taking 4 years of either language , and it being entirely useless after high school . 
  i think dutch is easy enough that it would stick in people 's heads better . 
  the us has run out of satire, 
  dutch is really easy to learn for english speakers , though . 
  maybe top 3 easiest . 
  we really should learn more dutch , or at least german . 
  it 's weird how french and spanish are the `` default '' 2nd languages in school . 
  or he explodes from eating too many krabby patties or something idk, 
  ok whatever no big deal ( \uff89 \u25d5 \u072b \u25d5 ) \uff89 * : \uff65 \uff9f \u2727, 
  you edited that part in . 
  10 years down the road , or 20 , or 50 , you think it 's too crazy to believe ? 
  you said `` i have no doubt in my mind that the uk will persist in some form or other '' , not that the uk will continue to persist `` probably at least for the next 5 years '' . 
  maybe your predictions do n't prove to be perfectly prescient . 
  maybe the situation improves for scotland , economically . 
  maybe scots vote against their own interests . 
  would n't be the first time people have made a dumb vote . 
  i know you 're only working from the information you have available , but you need to recognize just how limited that perspective is ; you ca n't see the future . 
  quite frankly , the fact that you see anything as too crazy to happen is pretty crazy , given the political tremors from the past few years . 
  well , if the uk loses scotland and ni , is it really the `` united kingdom '' anymore ? 
  it 's not impossible to think that the united kingdom itself could cease to exist . 
  go ahead and tell me that something like that is too crazy to happen . 
  i 'm not surpised . 
  the uk seems kinda tsundere with poland , based on the comics i read on the internet . 
  * nods intelligently *, 
  yes , yes , of course we 're all aware that there are no far-rightwingers , islamophobes , etc in europe . 
  you do n't need to remind us of such an inherently well known fact . 
  from what you read on reddit , you 'd think you 're constantly fending off terrorists left and right , refugees jumping off roofs to shove their arms up your butt , etc. 
  especially with all that nonsensial war-zone rhetoric . 
  this sub in particular has its good days and bad days . 
  wow , that 's almost pathetically petty . 
  that 's very rude to austrians . 
  in increasing order of plausibility , sure, 
  i do n't know the numbers off my head so let 's toss in all the land countries just to be sure ; finland , iceland , greenland , & scotland, 
  let 's just send them back to isis and then we wo n't have to worry anymore . 
  maybe americans are just better at math . 
  these nerds also do n't use base 12 in measurements , you know . 
  crazy shit , right ? 
  dae star wars prequels, 
  `` jesus christ you guys i just heard a swede confirm that sweden 's terrorist population is way higher than even 40 % !!! '', 
  i could be working right now . 
  and they only give you a fucking playstation 2 fuck you mom it 's 2016, 
  turkey , lebanon , and jordan already take in an `` incomprehensible '' number of refugees compared to european countries . 
  `` but they 're vaguely almost kinda similar so it 's literally zero effort to integrate them '', 
  no , really dude , i 'm not shitting you . 
  they did n't ask you to cite any sources for any claim ... ( because you did n't make one in the first place )  ya wan na elaborate there ? 
  or was that your best effort ? 
  like if they wanted you to give a source for the claim you ( did n't ) make , they 'd say something like `` do you have a source for that claim ? '', 
  -- not `` can you elaborate '' . 
  they were n't asking for a source , goofball . 
  both have a quarter of guns per capita compared to the us, 
  why not, 
  you guys should join canada ; their whole thing is not being the us . 
  that would work out for everyone , i think , especially once the eu annexes canada . 
  why does ben garrison draw trump like he 's about to write naughty yaoi about himself and his husbando, 
  the left has its problems , but yeah , almost infinitely better . 
  i 'll keep the argument in mind , and thank you for your sincere effort to try and help . 
  i too , agree that if more people adopted those views of america that we could fix ourselves , but that 's somewhat akin to saying , `` if the conservatives would just start being rational , we could solve our problems . '', 
  it 's , unfortunately , simply unhelpful , because it does n't give any advice or a guideline for how to spread that view . 
   remember back in the primaries when a lot of trump supporters said they would totally vote for bernie if trump did n't but bernie did ? 
  yeah , i do . 
  but they were n't nearly as numerous or honest as you seem to believe . 
  the same guys saying `` fuck immigrants , fuck muslim obama , fuck lgbt , fuck healthcare , fuck education , fuck the left , fuck the media , etc etc etc '' were n't suddenly gon na vote for the self-described socialist . 
  independents largely swung towards trump , and i do think bernie would have won out there , but people are generally where they were on the partisan line where they were 10 years ago . 
  many of them were simply liars who sought to take hillary down a notch by praising her opponent . 
  like if i said `` wow , i 'd vote for kasich , but trump is a complete lunatic '' . 
  if you 're speaking of your experience with trumpists on reddit , that 's about 90 % of what you saw . 
   imagine how powerful the socialist narrative of american history could really be . 
  you are , again , far too optimistic , forgiving , and giving too much benefit of the doubt to these people . 
  you 're assuming that they want a good outcome ; they do not care . 
  they care , first and last , about their hatred of liberals . 
  anything they like or dislike is ultimately rooted in whatever the opposition towards liberals is . 
  climate change is perhaps one of the clearest examples of this phenomenon , but you can see it , very obviously , in many different ways , like how republican support of putin skyrocketed as liberals started attacking trump over it . 
  the right is trapped in a cult-like ecosystem which both reinforces their horrifying worldview and also mentally blocks them from communication from the real world . 
  that was brought upon by several different and often confusing reasons , but most of them have been building up since the early 90s . 
  why are we so polarized ? 
  most clearly was the creation and rise of fox news , which [ lead to the polarization of news in america ] ( https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/how-roger-ailes-polarized-tv-news/ ) . 
  as fox news in a grander , worse scale , there are other media organizations that seek to propagandize and manipulate people into being polarized , such as infowars and breitbart . 
  there was the creation and standardization of the internet , which made it easier for people to find bias confirming sources in an obvious way i think most of us should be familiar with . 
  there were the actions of individual actors , like newt gingrich and trump himself , who through their extremely public profile and opportunity exploited and dramatically lowered the level of public discourse . 
  there are the financial interests ; such as those who donate to right-wing politicians to push climate change denying conspiracy theories , because they were naturally more susceptible towards such influences . 
  there was the destruction of the [ fairness doctrine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fairness_doctrine ) by reagan in the 1980s . 
  there 's another theory called the `` the big sort '' , where people are segregating themselves into like-minded communities . 
  those are all the reasons i can think about off the top of my head , but i 'm sure there are more . 
  all of these have worked in nearly complete cooperation to give us the republican party we have today . 
  i do n't know how we can claw our way back to good relations and co-existence . 
  in nearly every similar precedent that i 'm aware of , the issue of polarization or breaking cult-like groups up was through either harshly authoritarian means ... or violence . 
  the only `` good '' example of ending such levels of polarization i can think about would have to be ... the current reconciliation between hutu and tutsi people in rwanda , having followed their genocide twenty years ago , but even that relied on outside intervention . 
  there is nothing we can do until the right decides to return to reality , but right now their only priority is aggression towards liberalism . 
  because fuck the left . 
  you 're not understanding the fundamental issue here , or you 're giving them an absurdly naive benefit of the doubt . 
  this is n't just about disagreement . 
  their entire ideology is completely rooted in bitterness and opposition . 
  there is no deeper meaning , there is no misunderstood philosophy , there is no common ground , there is not even a desire for cooperation . 
  they seek to undermine , deny , and hide the truth at every possible available avenue ; through education , through the media , through destroying civil discourse , through even the most basic facts about our world . 
  they are enveloped by an ecosystem of propaganda and lies , and it is impossible for them to break through that barrier unless they are completely committed towards escaping . 
  they are not rational actors , they are political , cult-like terrorists .
