and those pesky swedes , while we 're at it . 
  if that 's really what you think , then i guess i have nothing but pity . 
  only test matches and matches france wins , you mean . 
  seems like it 's working , though . 
  nobody even had to make the joke and people are getting fussy . 
  it 's really more of a glorified rickroll at this point . 
  nah , he has a point . 
  we should kill off large chunks of people for `` the greater good ^ tm '' . 
  i mean , would n't just * everything * be amazing if we killed every single republican in the united states ? 
  you know what would be a great idea ? 
  well , the euros have a european union . 
  what if we got an american union ? 
  i hear switzerland 's not in the eu yet . 
  we could probably get them to join us . 
  ... nah , not right now . 
  honey boo boo is playing on the western culture machine and my mcfastfood is going cold . 
  `` it 's not my fault i 'm being overly reactionary . 
  it 's 9/11 's fault i 'm being overly reactionary . '', 
  the north falling is n't the only solution . 
  the north , for example , could reform to the point where unification does n't cause all of those problems . 
  `` are n't you guys afraid of flooding ? '', 
  - literally anybody else `` flooding ? 
  what 's that ? '', 
  - the dutch `` it 's when the water from a lake or ocean spills out into the city . '', 
  `` no , we took care of those a long time ago . '', 
  `` u w0t m8 '' `` the netherlands subjugated the ocean a long time ago . 
  it belongs to us . '', 
  `` what about global warming ? 
  rising sea levels do n't concern you ? '', 
  `` the ice caps could melt and drown all of europe , but the netherlands will remain precisely as dry as they desire to be . '', 
  ooh !, 
  ooh !, 
  do germany next !, 
  ^ ( this is called `` baiting '' ), 
   the political rule of washington has been undisputed since 1900 . 
  i was talking about the us cultural hegemony , which does n't exist outside of waikiki . 
   and that 's exactly why they preferred the eu rather than just accepting annexation by another country : those guarantees were much better . 
  they will have much more power over their fate as part of the eu bloc rather than as an independent but tiny state without clout . 
  we were talking about guarantees as being guarantees of their cultural integrity , not as their political influence . 
  like france insisting that their radio be in french ( too late for wales to do that , i guess ) . 
   the point is that they are able to decide about the terms of unification . 
  ideally ? 
  certainly . 
  but these sort of things are rarely ideal . 
   that 's not a consequence of political unification , that 's a consequence of mass production and international trade . 
  that 's going to happen anyway , and as eu members we have the highest possible control over the process . 
  uhh , i think you need to establish the link between trading with china and the us and control over becoming a melting pot a little bit more strongly . 
  i 'm not following you here . 
   ah , but the usa did n't have explicit safeguards for non-dominant ethnicities . 
  we have a very particular non-dominant ethnicity that we 've been building up safeguards for centuries , in fact !, 
  and forgive me for not having as much faith in these `` safeguards '' to prevent a cultural hegemony over a unified government that you do . 
  and ... if the eu does ever unify , you can say goodbye to america 's military presence in europe . 
  sorry , but there are definitely a lot of european countries that can keep their military small solely because of the us ' guarantee . 
  if the eu were to unify , y' all would have to stand entirely on your own two feet . 
  different states of the us hardly shared the same language and religion , and i 'm pretty sure austria is still independent from germany , and the unified modern holy roman empire was never going to be a thing . 
  in fact ; a whole bunch of states did n't speak primarily english before they joined the states . 
  hawaii certainly did n't . 
  texas , new mexico , arizona , and florida especially were created by the spanish , and there 's a buttload of france still up in vermont 's business ... ... and i think it 's very easy to make the argument that the eu * does * , in fact , have very open borders that lead to exchanging population and sharing language , and that federalizing further will make the melting pot larger . 
  if stricter borders will stop cultural melting-together-ness , then the eu is almost certainly doing it wrong . 
   so it 's not political unity that makes the big difference in that regard . 
  do n't be mistaken of my sentiment ; vermont and maine are , for all intents and purposes , pieces of canada that we took from them , and it 's immensely clear that they are more american than they are canadian . 
  them being on our side of the border has defined them much more solidly as part of the us than as part of canada . 
  this is n't civilization , after all . 
  regardless , i 'm pretty sure it 's the fact that those smaller-piece states lost their sense of national identity by being a part of the larger nation for hundreds of years , not the fact that they were combined un-democratically . 
  i think a comparison to some us states is fair ; texas , california , vermont , and hawaii were all independent countries before joining the us , and that 's not even mentioning the 13 colonies from 1776 ( several of the european nations i listed are older than that ) . 
  i think it 's very easy to make the argument that it 'd be a lot easier for a vermonter to claim their own nationality and culture if they had been independent all of these years . 
  shoot ; canada * is * independent and they sometimes feel threatened by our culture . 
  trust me , hawaii is n't as much under the `` usa hegemony '' as you think once you get out of the waikiki area . 
  it 's very fractured amongst the american/european transplants , japanese , filipinos , other pacific islanders , and chinese . 
  there are a lot of cultures , but almost none of them are the hawaiian culture from before 1893 . 
  eu members certainly do have more protections and guarantees , absolutely , and i think the fear is that they might lose them under a unified government . 
   the big threat to identity is partaking in the global economy . 
  hollywood is a much greater danger to local identities than the ec . 
  perhaps you 're right , but the us culture being a threat does n't mean that a unification would n't also be a threat . 
  honestly ; i just do n't see how you could continue to be as diverse and independent as y' all are today after , say , 100 years . 
  or 200 years . 
  or more . 
  remember ; the us also used to be made up of communities from all over the world . 
  did you know there 's a dialect of german that 's only spoken in texas ? 
  is that a yes ? 
  do inheritances count as conquest ? 
  :p i think i could find a castillan or scot who 'd be offended by what you 've said . 
  i think , just for the sake of finding an example , that hawaii and some other us state ( let 's say wisconsin ) joining together under one larger federation is as close of an historical example of two modern nations joining together under one federation as we can find . 
  remember that hawaii joined the union in 1959 -- quite recently . 
  i think it 's easy to make the argument that hawaii and wisconsin in 1959 were as far apart as any two eu nations are now , so i think the comparison is fair . 
  now , in less than 60 years , there 's just not a whole hell of a lot of `` hawaii '' left . 
  heck , you 'll have better luck in hawaii with japanese than with the native language , but you 'll have the best luck with the language of wisconsin ( english ) . 
  what happens when two , or especially several european states join together into a single federation to the point where they 're all drawn under the same country on the map ? 
  what happens 50 years after that ? 
  you take the position that people would still feel the same sense of identity that they do today ; but i am not so sure , and i very much doubt the general public feels the same . 
  i think it 's a very legitimate fear for people to have , that they would lose their national identity under a unified state . 
  did n't france used to be made up of a bunch of largely independent `` federations '' ? 
  and spain ? 
  and england ? 
  and germany ? 
  and italy ? 
  and even poland ? 
  i doubt most people in europe want to give up their nationality so easily . 
  `` hey ; stop being french * so we can devalue our currency ? '', 
  `` no '' \\* - this is not literal , but it 's how it 'd probably be interpreted by people .
