  duolingo has swedish !, 
  the uk will likely vote to end brexit , mess those efforts up , and then leave again . 
  hrm . 
  how 's ireland ? 
  why do n't we set up a deal with isis , and deliver the refugees directly to their bases ? 
  everyone wins . 
  oh my god is the netherlands where trumps come from ? 
  well , okay , be a douche about it that 's gon na make you feel better . 
  yeesh , okay , you did n't really register anything i said at all . 
  and you 're still all about the `` the actual numbers do n't matter ; only my feelings and impressions matter '' junk . 
  i 'm out . 
  that 's good , because you 're h ^ o ^ p ^ e ^ f ^ u ^ l ^ l ^ y directing the argument to what my opinion actually is ; `` government needs to get its shit together '' , not `` poles need to get the fuck out '' . 
  it seems more fair/smarter to solve this problem by fixing the government than by fucking the immigrants through xenophobia heavy nationalism , right ? 
  again , i feel like this conversation just completely lacks any sense of scale . 
  sure , one million polish people * feels * like a lot of people ... but not when we 're talking about china , right ? 
  we can at least agree to that tiny bit of logic surely ; that one million poles in china would not be a huge wave , but a mere ripple in the water ? 
  the same logic applies to the uk . 
  it 's a * big * country to be so easily devastated by a mere 1 million . 
  quite frankly , all of the sensationalism in this debate starts to make sense to me once you just completely ignore all sense of scale . 
  `` what ??? 
  500k in germany in one year ? 
  umpossible that 's a huge number '' -- or 1/160th population increase every year . 
  not so exciting then , is it ? 
   net migration was 333000 last year , have you any idea how hard it is to keep everything running smoothly because of that ? 
  that is a very large town or small city every year . 
  for me , by myself ? 
  yeah , i suppose that would be one heck of a job to do . 
  but this shit works at a scale , y' know . 
  how many people are `` keeping everything running smoothly '' per migrant in a country of 64 million people ? 
  i ca n't even really properly address this point since it 's so vague and meaningless , tbh . 
  it 's not like there 's literally just a city popping up out of the wilderness , and you know it . 
  it 's not like it 's all happening exactly at once . 
  the only thing that would make this a challenge is a completely limp-dicked impotent ability to adapt to changing circumstances . 
  like ; if your business sees revenue increase 300 % from year 1 to year 3 , your operation in year 1 should look different than in year 3 , right ? 
  hire more of these incredibly vague people who are `` keeping everything running smoothly '' . 
  christ . 
   the nhs is already struggling , wages have been fairly stagnant for years and housing is getting harder to come by , it is entirely understandable that people are concerned about unchecked mass migration . 
  again , all this does is bring me back to my original question , of `` what the hell does that even fucking mean ? '' . 
  what is the difference between * mass * migration and just regular migration ? 
  surely even a single migrant would put a `` strain '' on the nhs , and i guess wages and housing ; are you completely and permanently opposed to all immigration ? 
  where 's the line ? 
  what are some checkpoints we 're looking at ? 
  do you only accept immigrants when absolutely everything is doing incredible in the country , or would you find some other excuse to refuse immigrants if the nhs , housing , and job market were all doing well ( i 'd wager a billion dollars to say , yes , you would ) . 
  i mean , you might as well say , `` the uk sends 350 million to the eu every week . 
  let 's fund the nhs instead '' for the false dilemma you 're pushing here . 
  `` we ca n't possibly afford public schools !, 
  our roads are in disrepair ! '', 
  or something . 
  you 're insisting on a , like , `` it 's either the nhs or migrants '' narrative . 
  for some reason that completely and utterly incomprehensible reason . 
  big complex things like government budgets do n't work that way . 
  ever . 
  ever ever ever . 
   the only reason you see that ` the locals would n't do that work anyway ' is because they will no longer do that work at a price that is more competitive than foreign workers . 
  so anti-immigration policies are a way of keeping wages artificially high ? 
  that 's capitalism , dude . 
  someone equally-qualified person comes by , says he 'll work for 50 cents less an hour , he wins . 
  you 're throwing away a shitty job in favor of nothing . 
  welcome to the real life of finding a job . 
  :\\  they also send money back home it 's not called a `` single market '' for shits and giggles . 
  they 're sending money to the market that you 're already in . 
   and do not consume as much as the average uk citizen , the benefits to the economy are not as magnificent as some would have you believe - mostly for employers . 
  there is also the absurdity where child benefits can be claimed for children living in their home country , although i have no idea how much this actually wastes - i suspect not a lot , but everything adds up . 
  `` they do n't consume as much , but holy hell they 're expensive '' something seems off here . 
   some places like london and birmingham have seen a huge amount of immigration in the last 60 years , so local populations have been displaced - but yes , it is primarily in a select few urban centres . 
  i 've been living in honolulu for the past few years , so let me tell you something that 's very important for you to hear . 
  `` tough titties '' . 
  it happens . 
  honolulu has a ton of japanese , filipinos , chinese , pacific islanders ( esp . 
  micronesian and hawaiian ) , white , californian , etc. 
  things are n't on fire . 
  the island is n't sinking . 
  for the vast majority of it all , everyone seems to get along well enough . 
  japanese people are n't spitting on filipino people , chinese people do n't bemoan the tongans stealing their jobs or whatever . 
  do you know how often i run into someone that does n't speak english ? 
  every single day , assuming i leave the house . 
  do you know how often i run into someone that has terrible english ? 
  every single hour , assuming i 'm out of the house . 
  everywhere the pacific ocean reaches ends up having something wash up on the island , yours truly included . 
  we 're not on the cusp of multiple race riots or any stupid shit you 're imagining would happen to the uk . 
  i ask this with all sincerity ; who gives a flying fuck if london 's racial demographics get shaken up , besides white nationalists ? 
  and what exactly do you mean by `` displaced '' ? 
  are these polish workers who earn a fraction of their uk counterparts forcing uk folk to leave their god-given right to live ... wherever they were before ? 
   you 're also trying to remove hundreds of thousands of years of evolution , which taught us to be suspicious of outsiders . 
  we would n't have made it this far with today 's nonchalant attitude , and while it does n't excuse the attacks it does offer some explanation as to why people feel this way the world over . 
  yeah ... that sounds a whole hell of a lot like white nationalism to me . 
  or at least `` tribalism '' , if you feel like the former is just * too much * to handle . 
  major spoiler alert . 
  there are around 8 billion people on this planet or so , and they are all almost * exactly * the same as you . 
  they piss the same piss , bleed the same blood , love , hate , cheat , lie , console , breathe , etc as you . 
  maybe you 're right in that we `` would n't have made it this far '' , whatever the fuck that means , but we 're not in 1000 ad , are we ? 
  i have enough faith in the uk 's people , apparently more than you , that white people can co-exist without wanting to eliminate someone because they do n't look like them or whatever . 
   the uk does have quite a high population density , so i do n't really know what you are getting at with the 8 billion remark . 
  christ , i was talking about peak ** world ** population , not peak uk population . 
  people are n't particularly terrified of peak uk population like they are peak world population ; they 're separate issues , and not what we were talking about . 
   we could have a lot more people , but it would start to impact our less than optimal infrastructure and put even more strain on our services . 
  unless you want to see green turn to grey . 
  again , i 'm about 102 % sure this is just your * feeling * that is n't actually backed up by any particular study , the same way people * feel * like 8 billion is around the world 's peak population . 
  how many more people do there need to be in the uk before we start to see how much of an impact on infrastructure ? 
  that 's what i want you to tell me .
