  also makes you less dead against archers , does n't help much against cavalry or guns though . 
  of course if you get access to decent body armour then the shield is less necessary . 
  murmansk and norilsk being the two larger ones , in case anyone else was curious . 
   i mean , if i had to kill a knight i 'd go with a mace or something that could bludgeon him to death rather than trying to cut through his armor but that 's just me . 
  and if you were a peasant fighting other badly armed peasants a spear is much easier and safer to use . 
  also cheaper . 
  sword was a good backup weapon in that case though . 
  the voters for the candidates knocked out in the first round wo n't vote for her , so they will all just move to the other candidate instead , whoever that may be . 
  it will be 1v1 with le pen against someone else , and she wo n't be able to get more than 50 % of the votes because too many people hate her . 
  there are some huge mines there though , about 1/3 of the worlds copper is mined there for example . 
  so at least they would be fairly rich . 
  yeah , but it 's * b\u00f6rk * in swedish , not * b\u00f8rk * . 
  you 're so bad at this ... 
  what happened to denmark ? 
  i thought you guys were higher up there ? 
  good though . 
  sounds like sweden, 
  yes , like 60-70 % of the population is russian if i remember correctly . 
  and you 're right that they do n't have to be `` manipulated '' . 
  but even if they are russian that does n't necessarily mean they want to be part of russia . 
  also , to be clear , i do n't mean that russia somehow went in and consciously affected the surveys . 
  but if you for example call around asking people in an occupied area what they think of the occupiers , they might be a bit hesitant on criticising them . 
  so either way , we do n't actually know for certain what the people of crimea wants . 
   crimea really does not wish to be part of ukraine . 
  that much is true , but we do n't know if they rather would be part of russia . 
  there have been some surveys , but the methods used are not reliable . 
  i still do n't get why they say this is the first time this happened in sweden ? 
  as far as i 've known at least one type of cannabis spray has been legal in sweden for years . 
  and i think importing other types has also been legal if you manage to get a doctor to agree to it . 
  [ example i found after a quick googling , from 2012 ] ( http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=83&amp;artikel=4959650 ) anyway , it 's good that this is happening , so i do n't mind it being on the news , but it 's one of those things where i 've often seen people just assuming it has been illegal here before , but it actually has n't , just uncommon . 
  sweden before ~ 1000 is pretty much only guesses too . 
  unlike ukraine finland does n't already have a big russian military presence . 
  look at how long judaism has survived for example . 
   and an aversion to pork i guess that 's why they do n't want to stay in denmark . 
   much like jerusalem is to the abrahamic religions islam is an abrahamic religion too . 
  i 'm pretty sure they are picking the cities with highest population and places them in order where the most populous cities in the real area , does n't try to match them or anything . 
   im asking about welfare housing whether poor swedes get lumped with migrants we do n't really have any `` welfare housing '' . 
  only refugee shelters , which is what i 've been talking about . 
  but most of the people in the `` ghettos '' live in their own apartments and pays their own rent and stuff ( although the money often comes from welfare checks ) . 
   why are n't the migrants moving out after a while from the poorer parts of the cities ? 
  because they ca n't get jobs to afford that . 
  also a lot of them do , but we are still taking in new refugees , so they just fill in for the old ones . 
  the areas are not getting richer , as soon as people have the money they tend to move out , both immigrants and native swedes . 
  there are plenty of immigrants living outside of the problem suburbs discussed in the article . 
  but they usually have jobs , know swedish , and so on and do n't cause much problem , they are `` integrated '' as people like to call it . 
   so what do people in those smaller towns around the country do ? 
  they also move out ? 
  yes . 
  depopulation of the countryside is a big problem in that sense . 
  especially young people who do n't already have stable jobs are moving out in droves , i 'm one of those for example . 
   how come there are then smaller towns and not ghost towns ? 
  there are more or less ghost towns up in the north for example . 
  but some already established industries usually employ enough people to keep the towns going , they are just not growing , and with automation and industries moving abroad and such they are shrinking more and more . 
   so swedes do n't use the welfare if they end up in the nicer areas ? 
  the people who are on welfare ca n't really afford to live in the nicer areas unless they already somehow own a house there or something . 
  rental apartments are an option due to rent regulations , but that market is completely fucked up , so almost impossible to get one in the nicer areas . 
   or are the nicer areas reserved for swedes ? 
  what ? 
  anyone can live wherever the fuck they want if they have the money . 
  it just happens that a lot of immigrants are poor , while most swedes are n't . 
  same thing happened in sweden with yugaslavian and finnish ( and other ) workers in the 50s and 60s . 
  and it 's still the same neighbourhoods causing problems , just the ( old ) yugos and finns have mostly moved out . 
  replaced by newer immigrants . 
  in the 90s it was yugoslavians from the wars . 
  early 2000s it was iraqis and afghans , now it 's syrians , somalis , eritreans and such too . 
  it 's not much about who lives there , it 's about poor ghettos always creating trouble . 
  we just have many more of those people now than we ever had before , so the problems are much bigger . 
  we ca n't just pile up poor people in the suburbs forever with little chance of getting out , that 's not going to end well . 
   so the great solution is to keep 'em coming in , knowing that you can not cope with the challenge of housing and employing them ? 
  they are thankfully starting to realise that we ca n't handle many more . 
  but i honestly feel they have done a decent job outside of the fact that they took in too many . 
  then there 's the economic question , but that 's another debate . 
   if sweden is more and more comprised of non-swedes then it becomes less swedish . 
  we already have a lot of immigrant kids who are practically swedes at this point . 
  this is only an issue if we continue taking in way too many and they wo n't integrate . 
  most of them still integrate fine into our society , but even if like 10 % or whatever of them do n't , that 's still a major problem , but it does n't endanger the swedish society as a whole . 
   so your government has built special cities for them and extended cities or have white swedes moved out that lived in these welfare aparments ? 
  they buy up apartment blocks and such to house refugees . 
  a lot of them in smaller towns around the country that does n't have a bad housing shortage . 
  problem in the smaller towns is that there are no jobs or anything , so it 's pretty much impossible for them to get their own lives , so they move to the cities where there is more work available , and end up in the poor neighbourhoods . 
  a lot is being built in the cities , but only really in nicer areas ( most money to make there i guess ) , so i guess that 's where the swedes ended up . 
  no one is being forcibly moved out of there or whatever , there 's always people moving in and out , i have several student friends living in some of the `` bad '' neighbourhoods here in gothenburg . 
  i 'm not arguing against what the article is saying btw , segregation and non-integration and all that are serious problems . 
  the reason they are there is because refugees are poor , so they end up in poor neighbourhoods . 
  it 's not that the government intentionally want them all there , that 's just the easiest and cheapest place to get housing . 
  in fact they try pretty hard spreading them out over the country , which is something a lot of people complain about too . 
  also , you might all realise this , but it 's not 160 000 asylum seekers in those neighbourhoods , that number is for all of sweden . 
  i see your point , but it 's not the same situation as in the soviet union . 
  if he 's a 0 then what is trump ? 
  lol, 
  tatar used to be the name for more or less all the steppe people , including mongols , then it changed to only the turkic speaking tribes . 
  turks and italians too . 
  not sure where they found the mountain though . 
  probably just some small hill . 
  in a way it makes sense , there would have been nowhere near as much conflict as in palestine . 
  we can see by ourselves that there has n't been that much conflict over the region with germany despite taking it from them and relocating the germans living there . 
  it 's a whole different story taking the land from some arabs who had not really done anything particularly wrong , and then trying to make them live peacefully together with the jews . 
  but of course there are major problems with that idea as well , if it would have been perfect then that would have probably been done in the first place . 
  kings mountain, 
   if batatapala is implying what op said was false , then the contrary must be true badly worded by me .
