  living in a big family like that is not going to make you unhappy just because of that , i 'm just arguing that peoples natural instincts when it comes to this is to want to get away from their family when they are younger . 
  i 'm thinking about for example the kids in that family , when they become adults , would they really stay in that household only because they want to or would it be because of for example social pressures from the rest of the family , or some other reason ? 
  in my head every kid has a natural desire to move out and form their own life , that seems like human nature to me . 
  and you do n't need to take it so seriously . 
  it 's not as if i 'm saying that people are lying when they say that they are more happy that way . 
  as i said in the last post , i 'm talking about outside factors ( like taking care of family ) vs what a person * really * want . 
  and again , this is hardly an important factor when it comes to if a person is happy or not , so much else goes into that ( and that 's why so many people around the world like living this way , it definitely has plenty of advantages ) . 
  do you really not see how not everyone might share your situation ? 
  in my experience the vast majority of university student 's parents are perfectly healthy and do n't need anyone taking care of them . 
  the students who still live at home do it because it 's cheaper and they do n't have to cook their own food , wash their own clothes , that sort of stuff . 
  typically they are fairly spoiled compared to other kids too . 
  specifically in the current situation in sweden a lot of people stay at home because they ca n't get their hands on a rental apartment , but that 's another story . 
  i still have a hard time actually believing people who say that . 
  it feels more like a practical thing , them having to take care of their family , save money , or whatever . 
  not an actual selfish want to live there because they themselves likes it better . 
  if you understand what i mean ? 
  having your own place to live ( and the bigger the better ) to me at least is like getting rich , more powerful , or whatever . 
  of course everyone wants that , it 's just some are not doing it because there are other things in life that are more important to them , like taking care of their parents/grandparents/siblings / whatever . 
  of course they * want * to do that , but at the same time , if they did n't have a practical reason , would they really ? 
  living in a different house across the street does n't exactly make you spend much less time with them if you wanted to . 
  my mum built our house like 300 meters from her parents for example , i spent like half my childhood over at their house . 
  what am i supposed to take care of with my 54 year old parents ? 
  both are employed with good jobs and very healthy , they ran a marathon together with some friends last year i think . 
  if anything they are still taking care of me , have gone on holidays with me and my brother a few times since we both moved out for example . 
  on the other hand , my grandmother moved back to the town my parents live near a couple of years back because she was getting a bit old ( 75 + ) and was living alone ( divorced with my grandfather ) . 
  so my dad visits her a few days a week now , she 's starting to get some dementia though , so probably have to get her either in a nursing home or at least some help in the home soon ( food , cleaning , that sort of thing ) . 
  so sure , in 20 years or whatever i might have to consider moving closer to my parents if they are having a hard time , but i really do n't see the point of living in their home all that time just because of that . 
  i thought everyone likes having their own house/apartment/whatever ? 
  i thought the reason some places lived with several generations in the same house and that sort of thing was because they could n't afford getting a separate house for each generation ? 
  i thought the difference was mostly because we have a much larger ability to get our own place early . 
  if that 's not the case then i really do n't know , to me it seems completely natural to get your own place when you become an adult ? 
  does n't mean we hate our family or anything , but that 's sort of when you become your own family , get a proper girl/boyfriend and so on . 
  also as for the averages on the map , most people move out when they go to uni ( and a lot of people go to uni ) , which is possible because we get a lot of government subsidies and cheap loans and stuff , and easy access to student housing . 
  we do n't have to rely on our parents at all . 
  at least that difference is because of economy , not cultural values , i 'm pretty sure . 
  just read [ an article ] ( http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=83&amp;artikel=6699177 ) claiming there are about 213 000 young adults in sweden who lives with their parents even though they do n't want to . 
  because of the housing shortage . 
  and we are still the lowest on this map ? 
   no one would ever say in the morning `` well , it 's bigflakesnow so it wo n't last long '' or `` i see it 's iceplletsnow so it 'll sting my face '' . 
  that 's way more what you are saying . 
  but i 'm pretty sure you do say `` it 's * wet snow * so it 's going to be a lot of work shoveling it '' . 
  or `` we had snowfall last night so if we get up early there will be fresh * powder snow * on the slopes '' . 
  that sort of thing , the fact that they are one word in swedish is just because our language works that way , english does n't most of the time . 
  we do have some more or less unique snow related words though , like `` skare '' , which is the hard layer that forms if snow partially melts and then freezes again . 
  those sort of words is what really says something about the culture , imo . 
  `` kramsn\u00f6 '' sort of fits that as well i guess since it 's a pretty specific thing , it just means snow that is easy to pack/make snowballs out of , that sort of thing , the fact that it exist as a phrase at least says something about our culture ( if it 's called `` kram sn\u00f6 '' or `` kramsn\u00f6 '' is irrelevant ) . 
  anyway , my point is that english has a lot of those `` words '' as well , you just do n't realise it . 
  * andra * means second or other . 
  * anden * means the duck or the spirit . 
  just bringing it upp because it 's an interesting word . 
  there 's actually a difference between [ anden and anden ] ( https://youtu.be/lxp7_sjgm34?t=1m4s ) when talking , but it 's just a super small stress change that most non-native swedish speaker have a really hard time hearing . 
  so `` the holy spirit '' could easily be said as `` the holy duck '' by mistake , for example . 
   the typical example is geansa\u00ed which comes from the english guernsey , where they made the sweaters or something . 
  and the word exist in some other languages like norwegian and swedish . 
   for example `` anden '' looks like `` andere '' ( german for ` other ' ) and could be the same origin meanwhile in swedish it means either `` the duck '' or `` the spirit '' ... 
  because the european border is usually said to be at the caucasus . 
  so georgia and azerbaijan lies right on the border . 
  and if we are going to include those two it would be weird leaving armenia out since they are so similar , those three countries are usually counted as one unit , splitting them up would be weird . 
  but in a lot of cases they are not included in europe , just like turkey . 
  on something like this there 's no point in not including them . 
  that 's usually the case , if it 's possible to include them , why not ? 
  ( it 's not like they have a much more suitable region to organise themselves with ) possibly also a leftover from the soviet times , when i guess the european border might have been drawn on the soviet border , south of the caucasus ? 
  just guessing . 
  and as for this particular post/subreddit , we have some people from those countries here , so would n't be very nice to exclude them would it ? 
  i think it looks nice . 
  looking at sweden debt must be included , we are very low . 
  most people have massive loans for their house/apartment/whatever . 
  a migrant crisis for 100 years , yes . 
  especially considering the part were it was on those levels only lasted like a year or two . 
  it 's already much lower , so we need to get a `` new '' crisis , and then keep that going for 100 years straight . 
  yes , it does sound very far fetched . 
  2,18 is still a low birth rate , it just means the muslim population will grow a little bit after they arrive here , it 's not significant , especially considering there are a lot more swedish women having children , 1,85 kids to 2 million women is a still a lot more than 2,18 kids to 300 000 . 
  for example . 
  the number of asylum applications for the last two years are very inflated due to the huge wave in 2015 . 
  it 's not going to stay at that level , [ 2016 had a lot fewer already than 2015 ] ( https://www.migrationsverket.se/images/18.5e83388f141c129ba631111f/1494233531932/total_s%c3%b6k.png ) . 
  even if we take in 100 000 every year for 50 years they are n't going to be a majority . 
  and we are not going to take in 100 000 every year , even 50 000 is very unlikely for that long . 
  i mean sure , if we continuously take in 100 000 muslims per year for 100 years and assume they will keep their religion forever , and we are n't taking in any immigrants of other religions , then yeah , they would become a majority . 
  but that seems a bit far fetched . 
  you can just order that online nowadays . 
  mexico is a lot poorer than the us , that 's why they come . 
  finland is on about the same level as sweden , they have no particular reason to move here . 
  during the 50s and 60s sweden was doing incredibly well and the gap was a lot bigger , that 's when most finns moved here ( along with lots of southern europeans ) . 
  that 's also part of why they are n't the biggest immigrant group anymore , they are dying off . 
  having finnish ancestors is still very common , but they are just swedes now , maybe with finnish last names . 
  many of those have family in finland and might speak the language , but still , they where born in sweden . 
   if you only have 27 % taxes you 're heavyly in debt is n't it normal in this day and age to be heavily in debt ? 
  maybe that 's just sweden . 
  we just drank a lot ( look at russia for a similar example where they did n't really control it ) , i have n't heard anything specifically relating the rationing/monopoly/taxing / whatever to suicide , but of course that plays into the general unhealthiness of alcohol . 
   vorspiel is something different ... yeah , haha . 
  no idea why they are using a german word in norway ? 
  we just call it f\u00f6rfest here across the border , not very imaginative . 
  they still have pretty bad salaries compared to everyone else in norway . 
  `` massive salaries '' makes it sound like specifically bartenders in norway are payed very well . 
  it 's not like that , everyone is just paid a lot more , including the bartenders . 
  well it 's all carbohydrates and alcohol , it does not have a very high satiety effect . 
   in that settings , it provokes no further food cravings . 
  i do n't think anything would ? 
  regardless , the wine itself is still full of energy , that 's the main issue . 
  especially in this case since we are in essence comparing it to no energy intake at all , either as water or as not drinking anything .
