  ( which to be fair , is mostly true in this case , but that 's beside the point ) but what you said is true as well , most stereotypical awful tourists would probably not think of sweden as their first destination . 
  if you come here chances are you 've been to quite a few other places already , and have hopefully learnt to behave in the process . 
  actually never encountered it here in sweden . 
  and there are actually some tourists here , daily buss tours full of chinese , russians and so on come to look at the view/church just outside my apartment , they always seem to behave themselves , just walking around and taking pictures . 
  so i would n't say it 's a * common * problem everywhere there are tourists . 
  only really in certain crowds and very popular destinations . 
  http://fra.europa.eu/sites/default/files/fra-2014-vaw-survey-main-results-apr14_en.pdf they are on a similar level . 
  no one knows the number of actual rapes . 
  in any country anywhere . 
  there 's a huge amount that goes unreported obviously . 
  the statistics often cited are only of reported rapes , which can include things like `` he looked at me funny '' , if the victim reported it as `` rape '' it 's still kept in the statistics . 
  ca n't be bothered to dig it up now , but the number of rape convictions has been fairly steady for years . 
  but that 's hardly an accurate statistic either , as you probably understand . 
  the state does victim surveys occasionally here , they are probably the most accurate , and shows sweden among the highest countries for sexual assault or whatever , but not necessarily the highest . 
  again , ca n't be bothered to dig up a link for that now , i 'm sure someone else has posted it in this thread somewhere . 
  i think sweden is fairly unique in how widespread it is . 
  students here sings a lot too during all their gatherings , and has lots of weird rituals . 
  but everyone sings on midsummer and other holidays , it 's tradition . 
  do you guys sing too ? 
  [ while drinking i mean ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uxblicgo5u ), 
  sweden should change our national day to midsummer instead , would make a lot more sense , we even decorate with swedish flags and stuff during midsummer , while no one celebrates our national day . 
  well both swedish speaking finns and the rurik dynasty has scandinavian origin , so that makes sense right ? 
  there was plenty of mixing in finland later on , and russia was settled by scandinavians to some extent . 
  there might have been settlements in finland already in this period , but there 's no proof of that . 
  it 's also not impossible that rurik descended from some finnish tribe himself , at least partially , who married into a swedish family or whatever . 
  it 's not like the finns were `` below '' the scandinavians or something , they were pretty much on par as far as i know , the scandinavians just tended to raid more , and outside of their immediate vicinity , which is why they are famous , not because they were some super advanced civilisation or whatever . 
  later on they got conquered because the swedes and russians unified and they did n't . 
  either way , that does n't make either of them more `` vikings '' than the swedes themselves . 
  that 's not a rule , but yes , they do follow fairly strict rules . 
  does n't help when they are cutting down old forests , no matter how many trees they replant they are still killing off a lot of biodiversity , we simply ca n't recreate a thousand year old forest just like that , it takes a long time . 
  being somewhat self-sufficient is pretty good though , at least in necessary goods such as food . 
  he did n't like a lot of the ceremonial stuff , so he got rid of it . 
  i think that 's the reason anyway . 
  at least it appears it was the king himself who decided to not do the coronation . 
  that was the last king who had any power btw , during his reign sweden became a real parliamentary democracy ( and got universal suffrage :d ) . 
  seems unlikely , were n't really any vikings in finland at all , so the `` blood '' they would have they would have gotten from the swedes in the first place through later mixing , so ca n't really see how they suddenly would have more viking blood than the swedes , there has n't been any big migrations or anything that could have diluted the swedish blood much . 
  they have finnish blood though , that should be enough . 
  do n't need any vikings . 
   sweden seems to be the one whose really committed !, 
  it was n't voluntary , globalisation caused us to import food instead of growing it locally , cheaper that way . 
  better technology too , we did n't need to farm every single piece of land to feed ourselves anymore , so we could leave the seriously unproductive land ( ie most of sweden ) to grow over . 
  we could also earn more money by growing trees instead of normal crops , that 's still happening , the government is trying pretty hard to keep the little agriculture we have left alive , without subsidies a lot of it would shift to forestry instead . 
  tree plantations are hardly good for biodiversity either , especially in northernmost sweden this is a problem , where we still have some mostly untouched forests left , but they are being cut down as we speak ( not at a very high rate , sure , but it is happening ) . 
   just that they 'd be a little more attractive if they had trees on them . 
  i disagree . 
  but yes , there are reforestation projects going on in iceland , not at very large scales though . 
  no no no , santa clearly lives in the [ tv-mast ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d4/gungvala2.jpg ) a few km from my parents house , the really tall one with a blinking light on top . 
  my dad told me that , so it must be true . 
   if swedes run around refering to the scandinavian peninsula as just scandinavia , then they are bigger morons and fools than we already thought . 
  we rarely use scandinavia at all in our own language , it 's almost always `` norden '' . 
  then we translate that into english and it occasionally ends up as scandinavia , even though they are n't exact synonyms . 
  hey , at least you have a nice building . 
   i think we had some slippers to wear in the classroom though . 
  i have fond memories of skating around on the slippery plastic floors in just my socks , haha . 
  sort of . 
  only in lower grades . 
  up to 6th grade on the school i went to , although we often had to go outside to move between buildings ( did n't have a big inside space like this school ) , but inside we took our shoes off . 
  i 'm guessing because kids often play outside between lessons , and they do n't want them dragging in mud inside . 
  we are in general very strict about taking shoes off inside peoples homes , that probably plays a part too . 
  it does n't seem weird to the kids anyway , they do n't wear shoes inside at home and did n't at kindergarten , so it 's easy to continue with the same rules in school . 
  moved up to another school at grade 7 , then we always wore shoes . 
  i 've gotten the feeling it 's not really a thing elsewhere though . 
  nordic country detected . 
  kids walking around without shoes in school , haha . 
  a nice building does n't make something a utopia . 
  nah , the weekends are alright . 
  i do n't think cultural diversity is among the top priorities for mogadishu . 
  but i imagine the local government would love for european businesses to invest in the city . 
  and they would definitely love more european tourists . 
  of course , if you 're a student . 
  but that 's no good for a tourist or someone like that . 
  i think gothenburg is an excellent place to live for example , but that does n't necessarily mean i would recommend people travelling to sweden to visit here . 
  ( that said , it 's not a bad idea , depends what you 're into ), 
  it 's the biggest clothing stores * from * the country . 
  not the most popular . 
  i only buy underwear there . 
  everything else would look like i 'm wearing a tent , at least last time i checked they barely had any clothes that would fit a tall and skinny person . 
  h&m is good for that , but also very boring , but i usually buy my t-shirts there at least . 
  okey , so / u/nounhud 's reasoning definitely does n't apply for denmark either then :  that would suggest to me that renting would tend to be a good idea -- that this is people bent on buying , perhaps in the belief that this is a good long-term investment -- driving up costs . 
  it would be a good idea to rent , but a lot of people are forced to buy anyway because there is n't enough rental apartments for everyone . 
  and the rent regulation makes investing in new rental apartments a bad idea ( among other things too i 'm sure ) . 
  in sweden most of our rental housing was built in state sponsored programs in the 60s and 70s , and then the rent regulations made sense , but the government are no longer doing that sort of thing , free market and all that , but the rent regulations are still in place . 
  we 're on some weird halfway point where the government wants to keep prices low , but do n't want to actually subsidise those unnaturally low prices . 
  so we get places like stockholm , where the queue to get an apartment is at minimum 6-7 years , and 15 + years in the city centre . 
  i had no idea this was a thing . 
  never even heard the name of the day before . 
  i feel uneducated now :(, 
  ca n't speak for any other country , sweden might be alone in this . 
  but the main problem here is that most people literally ca n't rent anything , because there is n't any rental apartments available . 
  buying is often the only viable option . 
  the rents are regulated ( sort of ) , so ca n't really compare that to house prices . 
  real estate prices vary quite a lot . 
  it might be a problem everywhere , but it 's definitely a bigger problem in some regions . 
  why ca n't i just leave it ? 
  you can usually do everything with a card . 
  in some smaller towns there are some small places that do n't take cards , like hairdressers or food trucks or that sort of thing . 
  but even that is getting rarer nowadays , getting one of those portable card readers is really easy/cheap , so most businesses do . 
  also paying with your phone using apps like swish is well established between regular people , so small unofficial transactions can often be done that way ( like at flea markets for example ) . 
  of course cash is still a viable alternative , you can live like oldstarfighter , but most of the time you do n't actually need to carry cash .
