  but we wo n't forget it all for a very long time . 
  it is arguably the most important thing to have happened in european history , i think most people would agree . 
  -- since no one else from sweden commented :  do peoples own many guns in europe and do you like hunting much ? 
  which animals are commonly hunted ? 
  yes , there are lots of guns in sweden , almost only hunting rifles though . 
  people hunt most things i think , moose , deer , boar , etc. 
  it 's not a very upper class thing here though , like i saw someone else say , mostly done by farmers and other people living in the countryside in my experience . 
  football . 
  ice hockey second . 
  not sure about third , but might be skiing . 
  sweden . 
  i think our governments are really bad at solving that particular problem . 
  do n't know enough about politics to actually have any good input on it though . 
  best , purely based on the food : italy . 
  but greece has ( imo ) the overall nicest restaurant experience or whatever to call it . 
  worst : in my experience ( !, 
  ) , estonia . 
  even more boring than traditional swedish food , but flavour absolutely everything with dill and nothing else . 
  probably just had bad luck the one time i visited the country though . 
  do n't know of any particular movie , if you want good kids movies `` ronja r\u00f6vardotter '' or `` br\u00f6derna lejonhj\u00e4rta '' ( based on astrid lindgren 's books ) are great , although a bit old . 
  book i would say `` r\u00f6de orm '' ( `` the long ships '' in english ) , not sure if it is as good when translated to english , but in swedish it is a really cool book . 
  it 's about a group of vikings adventures all around medieval europe , based on real history . 
  it 's hard both cooling down or warming up the entire atlantic ocean , so temperatures near it stays mostly the same throughout the year . 
  inland iceland is still pretty damn cold sometimes ( i think ? 
  the sea current mostly goes up towards iceland ( britain and norway are affected by it a little bit i think ) . 
  the current itself is barely warming europe at all . 
  but it does keep the north atlantic warm , which in turn warms the air above it , which in turn usually blows in over europe , but does n't reach too far east . 
  when we in western europe get cold winter temperatures it 's usually either continental ( russian ) or arctic air moving in . 
  similar thing during summers ( but opposite ) , oceanic air means wet weather and fairly mild temperatures . 
  while continental air is dry and fairly warm . 
  and then we get the occasional heat wave with sahara air coming up and boiling us alive . 
  [ origin of air masses ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/air_masses.svg ) very simplified of course . 
  -- north america gets such relatively cold winters because they mainly get air moving down from canada , not from the atlantic ( due to the earths rotation , pretty much ) . 
  -- [ this map is fun btw ] ( https://earth.nullschool.net/#current/wind/surface/level/overlay=temp/orthographic=10.70,46.02,984 ) , not sure how accurate it is , but fun to look at at least , you can clearly see why for example denmark is so warm right now . 
  it 's probably weird with this much snow in bulgaria , but denmark not having any is completely normal . 
  same with southern sweden . 
  we usually get some snow each winter , but only for a few weeks and you never really know when . 
  most of the time it snows but melts away immediately . 
  ca n't speak for denmark , but in southern sweden normal winter temperatures are around 0 ( along the coasts , where most people live ) , so as i said , it snows often , but rarely stays on the ground . 
  denmark is probably even warmer . 
  did n't know that until now . 
  do you know why it 's banned ? 
  never heard anything about that site being particularly disreputable . 
  no snow in this part of sweden either ( west coast ) ... a whole lot of rain and wind though . 
  +6 right now . 
  it did snow a few days ago but that melted/rained away quickly . 
  at least there 's plenty of sofas and stuff around to rest in when you get tired . 
  swedish healthcare is good when you actually get it . 
  but we have too few doctors , nurses , hospital beds , and so on . 
  so waiting times are long , and they do n't spend more time than absolutely necessary on you . 
  and we 're still closing down smaller hospitals all the time to save money ... at least everything is more or less `` free '' , cap at ~ 150 $ per month for healthcare costs . 
  so btw , if anyone is a doctor or nurse looking for work , there 's plenty in sweden . 
   by build up , i do n't necessarily mean 60-story skyscrapers , but more multilevel buildings like we 've been discussing . 
  is n't that already almost exclusively what is being built ? 
  at least it seems like that in sweden . 
  obviously some villas and such being built in the outskirts of the city , but all the major projects are multistory apartment buildings inside the cities . 
  so when people here talk about building `` taller '' , they want skyscrapers , basically wanting us to turn our city centres more into what american city centres look like . 
  and i think that 's what most people is arguing against here , preferring lower ~ 3-6 story buildings instead . 
  but maybe it 's different in other countries . 
   many , if not most , dwellings in nyc would fall into that category . 
  so why do you want to build up so much ? 
  low buildings seem to work . 
  ah , sweden ... scores high on almost everything except waiting times/accessibility , which is all red . 
  did n't he need the support of the riksdag to pass new laws or something like that ? 
  ( but in practice it did n't matter or whatever ) and by ruling under the law i meant that he was n't always above the law , the absolute royal powers were given by the law , and he could n't completely override everything . 
  at least that 's what i 've been told/read . 
  it was still absolutism , it was just not the most extreme kind . 
  and it was n't true absolutism , the king still ruled under the law and answered at least in some extent to the riksdag . 
  i only brought it up because the last time we did invade poland ( afaik ) was under an absolute monarch . 
  technically there were two provinces , west prussia was one , and east prussia another . 
  sorry , but just wanted to point out how confusing that wording is . 
  they had plenty of military influence , lots of officers , generals , and that sort of thing were finnish . 
  there were also royal councillors and what not from finland . 
  i do n't know exactly how common it was , but you are at least exaggerating a bit . 
  the swedes and geats had their own gods too . 
  and as far as i 've heard the finnish language was accepted just fine ? 
  there were finnish speaking regiments in the army and so on . 
  obviously if you wanted some higher up official position or whatever you had to know swedish too , but in the grand scheme of things that 's not too terrible is it ? 
  i 'm pretty sure us down here in former east denmark had it worse on the language front at least . 
  i 'm not saying finns did n't suffer under swedish rule . 
  only that most people suffered about as much , even swedes . 
  it was n't one nation of people screwing over another , it was the top ( king , nobility and so on ) screwing over the `` lesser '' people , regardless of nationality . 
  obviously during and the time after the actual conquest of finland i would imagine things were pretty horrible , but for most of the history after that i do n't think you had it particularly bad ( compared to the rest of the kingdom ) . 
  same thing here in the south , during and the time after the conquest was horrible , but since then it 's been relatively fine . 
  probably the same thing in the rest of sweden as well , when the kingdom was first created it sucked for a lot of people , but since then it 's not been too bad ( relatively speaking ) . 
  -- to be clear on what i said in the previous post , the swedish king officially ruled over sweden , estonia , livonia , pomerania , bremen-verden , and so on . 
  each having their own political system and what not . 
  finland was part of `` sweden '' , it was n't just another conquered province , it was ruled the same way as what is now modern sweden , and had the same representation in the riksdag ( although that did n't matter much under absolutism ) . 
  you have some really interesting neighbours in the nordic countries there as well , haha . 
  nice mix of cultures i would say . 
  to everyone complaining about it being inaccurate . 
  this is in ppp , not nominal gdp . 
  still not perfect of course , but it 's not as bad as some of you guys make it out to be . 
  a lot of sweden just got their first snow yesterday too ( except for the snowfall back in november at least , but that melted away quickly ) . 
  was 11 degrees here just a few days back . 
  among the warmest in europe at that time iirc . 
  well the swedes managed to find possibly [ the least suitable conditions possible ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_frost_of_1709 ) . 
  `` saved europe '' , i mean yeah , they did save vienna , but i think the balkans would like to have a word with you about their saving . 
   3v1 [ hypocrites . . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_northern_war ) haha, 
   finland was a part of sweden that did not have any political influence so it did not have a say in invasions .
