  yoghurt like products are made and eaten pretty much all over the world , it 's one of the standard things people learn to make after domesticating animals . 
  [ the new zealanders do seem to grow quite a lot of it ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6b/2005kiwi_fruit.png ), 
  the various social democratic offshoots from socialism are n't exactly the worst thing ever though . 
  i get what you 're saying , but still get a bit annoyed when people shit all over socialism as a whole . 
  social democracy did evolve from regular old socialism , it 's goals where/are even the same in some cases , just got rid of the revolutionary bit . 
  especially during it 's early history their ideas where very much the same , only lately that the socialist bits have started to become really diluted . 
  i guess it does n't matter what i think , but in my opinion it 's not black and white between socialism or capitalism for example . 
  there can be a bit of both . 
  full on socialism is bad , that has certainly been proven , but that does n't mean any socialism is bad . 
  and i do n't mean that in a `` if we just do it slightly different it will work '' kind of way . 
  i 'm talking about the socialist things that has worked , like unions . 
  there are plenty of things within socialist ideologies that are possible to do without creating a dictatorship or killing millions . 
  i 'm with you as far as `` never go full socialist '' or something like that . 
  but i do believe that a lot of the best things about my country should be credited to socialism as well . 
  a little bit off topic , but wanted to say that , ok . 
   and , in english ( in england ) , without the ` e ' the ` r ' would disappear as it does in ` cornbread ' . 
  is n't that more or less what has happened to the r in n\u00fcrnberg in german too ? 
  ( correct me if i 'm wrong , i do n't speak german ) i get the m thing , but do n't really understand why the e is there , you have plenty of words in english with rn in them , you just said corn yourself for example . 
  `` german '' is another example but with m , you do n't spell it `` gereman '' . 
  the jews , obviously . 
  they can probably invade germany and start up some forced labour camps and stuff too . 
  or munich instead of m\u00fcnchen , coming from who knows where . 
  or nuremberg instead of n\u00fcrnberg , which i dunno , i think they just got that one wrong . 
  probably because you only see the funny things posted on the internet , most of the time he 's pretty boring , very official all the time and stuff , like most monarchs . 
  i think the only thing wrong with him is that he has dyslexia , which is a bit funny , but yeah . 
  also , a bit like the british queen , he 's been king most of his life ( since 73 ) , i think after a while they stop giving a shit about certain things . 
  to be fair , just looking at the actors , von sydow is pretty damn cool . 
  would n't mind having him as our `` champion '' , as long as he do n't have to actually fight someone . 
  danish, 
   having a country that does n't share eu values leave the eu vs diluting eu values in other to please said country ? 
  then everyone else who has slightly different opinions on the eu might as well leave too . 
  until there 's only like one country left , then the eu will work much better , no annoying debates between countries or anything slowing down progress . 
  it 's not about size , it 's about how much help you need . 
  the eu definitely benefit for example lithuania and croatia much more than it does the uk , but that 's one of the main reason the uk should be a fan of it . 
  allowing poor european countries to accelerate their growth is good for everyone in europe in the long run . 
  countries like the uk , germany or sweden do n't have all that much to directly gain from the union , but for example building up `` eastern '' europe and allowing for trade with them is great for our own countries as well . 
  in some sense you can compare it to the us and the marshall plan after ww2 . 
   but think we have nothing in common with other more similar cultures . 
  we have plenty in common , some european governments are a bit meh though . 
  a very good example is the debt situation that was created in greece . 
  swedes absolutely love greece ( the culture , people , nature , so on ) , but we 're not exactly in love with their government . 
  the reason we have taken in so many immigrants is partly because of our unnaturally high trust in our own government . 
  or it might be that the euro countries really wish it 's working well , since they do n't really have a choice in the matter , they are already in . 
  not supporting their own currency would make no sense , but they might have very well been better off if they stayed with their own currency . 
  either way , it 's not that we think it 's necessarily `` bad '' , we are mostly just more selfish than others . 
  just thinking about sweden , having our own currency is most likely better . 
  but if you think about the entire european union it would probably be better if sweden adopted the euro . 
  but yeah , swedes mostly care about themselves , and we really do n't trust other eu countries enough to cooperate all that much with them , as can be seen on many other issues ( like eu army ) . 
  exactly things like the greek crisis is why we do n't want to join the union , but also why ( looking at a larger perspective ) it would be good if we did , just maybe not for us . 
  it has it 's own colour , slightly darker than sweden ( same as the blue on their flag ) . 
  just like how sk\u00e5ne is red even though it belongs to sweden . 
  if an actual nordic union where to happen it would probably have an entirely new flag . 
  the idea i like the most out of the ones i 've heard is a blue flag with either just a white star ( polaris ) , or the big dipper . 
  pretty fitting for a country literally called `` the north '' in our languages . 
  unfortunately alaska has sort of taken that idea already . 
  denmark , probably copied it from some german city . 
  that was back in the days of the kalmar union , when denmark ruled all the countries in the north . 
  then sweden finally broke free from the union and eventually made their own version of the danish flag , changing the colours . 
  then several centuries later norway and finland got their independence and created their own version of the flag . 
  then all the other more or less independent territories also started making their own flags , and pretty much every province in the north now has some sort of unofficial cross flag , but how much it is used vary a lot . 
  there are towns up there , they are just small ( a few thousand people at most ) and very spread out . 
  but the coast is relatively well populated . 
  - does not include any lakes \u2713 also , why do you people care if turkey is in it ? 
  it 's not like it 's hurting anyone , unless you really do n't want to get any info about turkey for whatever reason , in which case do n't look at it . 
  and whatever colours you choose there 's always someone complaining . 
  both are built by the same [ family ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_farnese ) ( if you did n't already know ) . 
  yes . 
  although refugee is not strictly a legal term . 
  it can be used in daily speech in a much more general sense , any group of people fleeing their homes ( even within countries ) can be called refugees . 
  that 's not mainland europe , it 's on an island . 
  [ this is probably the northernmost town ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/@71.0616111,28.2463467,3a,75y,2.88h,79.32t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1splc1vyxvvvcdpjrx7kxz3g!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) on the actual mainland from what i can see on google maps . 
  i do n't know , but we do have some male nurses at least . 
  the more men we get into a profession like that , even if it 's a small amount , the less `` shameful '' it is for other men to go into that career , so it 's sort of a positive feedback loop . 
  and while probably not as big of a deal , the same thing is true with women in it for example , that 's not exactly the most `` normal '' thing for a girl to get into . 
  of course that is getting better as well . 
   yet no one calls for more men to be nurses they do here . 
  [ can you look much more nazi than this ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f7/bundesarchiv_bild_146-1987-121-30a%2c_hugo_sperrle.jpg ) hahah, 
   does asylum-seeker = refugee ? 
  i thought they mean two different things . 
  an asylum seeker is anyone seeking asylum in a country , literally anyone can do that anywhere regardless of your current situation or background . 
  you will however get denied automatically in a lot of cases . 
  a refugee is someone who is fleeing their home . 
  in reality most asylum seekers are refugees , but they are not the same thing . 
  and i think asylum seekers who are actually granted asylum are officially considered refugees , since you know , otherwise they would n't have gotten asylum . 
  so in the above graph they are more or less the same . 
   on a side note , surprised to see so many eritreans considering it 's such a small country and quite far away . 
  it 's also a real shithole , them and somalia are both relatively small countries far away , but they are so shitty more or less everyone wants to get out of there if they could . 
  well not everyone , but a lot of people , more than most other places . 
   i 'm not an expert on the history of botswana though , so i do n't know exactly how all of this came to be but a low , steadily growing population ( 2.3 million , as much as rwanda despite being over 100 times bigger ) and a lot of diamonds probably had something to do with it . 
  no colonialism . 
  they did belong to britain , but they never really did anything there . 
  the place was more or less ruled by the actual local people , in a government more or less by their own design . 
  that 's a huge benefit when they got their independence , compared to many african countries were any social or political structure was completely destroyed by colonialism . 
  they probably would have been worse off without the diamonds , but that in itself does n't do anything , just look at drc , they are among the most resource rich countries on earth , and possibly the shittiest . 
  in a way the fact that botswana did n't have any resources was what saved them . 
   what is your secret ? 
  social democrats . 
  but i do n't know , i think it 's our political culture that was the main reason , and that has been shaped by lots of things . 
  actually , the reason we top many of these sort of charts is probably because we have been among the richest countries on earth for quite a while now , we can focus on these sort of things because everything else is working mostly alright .
