  either way very nice job with the list , schweiz and iceland probably has the most upvoted pictures of any european country , so it 's not like yours were bad . 
   a coat of arms , yes . 
  but a flag ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think almost all of these are just the coat of arms put onto a flag . 
  unemployment is only low compared to the last decade or so . 
  and it is still very high in certain groups , immigrants for example . 
  or in certain regions , like anywhere outside of the big cities . 
  combined with the housing shortage it screws up the life of a lot of people . 
   we are building more then in decades . 
  does n't change the fact that we have one of the most fucked up housing situations in the world . 
   schools results are improving . 
  in some cases dramatically . 
  and so on . 
  but we still do n't have any teachers , and that does not seem to be improving . 
   the good stuff just dont get any attention , and the ( often fake ) negative are spammed over and over . 
  but a lot of people also just ignore the real negative stuff even though it 's spammed . 
  and really , how much is actually written about the housing shortage for example ? 
  that is a huge issue but it seems like no one really wants to deal with it , basically thinking we can build us out of it , which we are n't anywhere close to doing even if we are building a lot . 
  every country has a bunch of problems though , sweden is n't unique in that . 
  but my impression is that most swedes way overestimate how well our society actually is doing . 
  not thinking we are perfect of course , but definitely better than a lot of other countries who in reality are doing just about as well as us but with a smaller economy or something like that . 
  we have had a headstart , that 's the main thing that 's good about swedens situation . 
  yeah , of course things are going to have to be renegotiated , that 's sort of the point of the whole thing . 
  but it 's not like it 's going to be a huge deal if it has worked this far there is clearly a solution to it . 
  iirc you can set it to a specific number/interval and it will automatically adjust the length to that . 
  what 's your point ? 
   cyprus is one of the cradles of civilisation and as such belongs to the whites and not to t * rks lol, 
  someone uses . 
  as thousand separators ( or whatever it 's called ) . 
  and they probably made the map somewhat hastily and just pasted the scale on there without adjusting it to show better numbers . 
  could be an assignment for a gis class or something . 
  we had to have a scale and a north arrow for the map to be approved , so normally it ended up looking something like that . 
  also everything very much looks like the default settings on arc or qgis or something , so yeah . 
  the uk is already not in schengen , so do n't see how that matters . 
  and i do n't think market access is a huge deal for a small military base in cyprus . 
   serious question you could try reading the article ... 
  i mean yes we are not `` running into the bottom '' . 
  but we have fairly big problems with several of the most important parts of our society . 
  housing availability/prices , healthcare , schools , police , unemployment , inequality . 
  i think all those things have at least at some point been working better than they are right now . 
  the reason we are among the top countries on a bunch of lists and stuff is because we used to be at the absolute top . 
  the rest of the world is catching up though , and might pass us if we do nothing . 
  i do n't see how it 's related to terrorism though , like barachiel claimed . 
  well there was that one time when our foreign minister told them they were basically stuck in the middle ages in regards to freedoms equality and that stuff . 
  they got a bit mad but i think everything went back to normal after a while . 
  but does n't it really mean the same thing all the time ? 
  like when using it ironically , you put a word in quotation marks because that 's what a person ( real or fictional ) would say , not what you personally mean with it . 
  same in the `` signaling unusual usage '' case , the word is not actually correct there ( and you know it ) , it 's more of a saying or figure of speech or something like that , so you put that as a quote . 
  at least that 's how i see it , and never really have problems understanding what it means . 
  yes , of course . 
  it can be used in a bunch of different ways . 
  but the only information it actually gives in all those cases is that it is a quote . 
  the rest is about context and interpretation . 
  as far as i know the symbol means the same thing everywhere , there might just be certain ways in which it is more commonly used in certain countries . 
   would it be a good army though ? 
  almost certainly more efficient and better than 28 separate armies trying to work together . 
  the difficulty lies in how and when to use it , as the separate eu countries have vastly different philosophies on that topic . 
   what language would we speak ? 
  your own , or if you need to communicate with someone who does n't speak your language you use english . 
  working with foreigners is hardly a new concept you know ... basically , to reach up in the ranks you would need to know english , but just for basic people on the ground i 'm pretty sure you would still work together with people from your country in most cases . 
  but it depends on how it is organised . 
   how much would each country contribute ? 
  that 's up for debate . 
   which country would lead this army ? 
  the eu . 
   what if france wants to do something with a few thousand troops but germany is against it ? 
  same way it works with other decisions by other eu organisations . 
  with an actual unified army there would no longer be a german or french army , there would only be a european army , and france or germany would not have any special powers over any parts of the army , and to use it would require the eu whichever-part-of-it-that-handles-these-things to approve it , so it would indirectly had to be approved by x number of countries or mps or whatever ( possibly by every country , which would be a hindrance for it to actually achieve anything , but may not be a bad thing ) . 
   would we increase our spending ? 
  what the article says ( i 'm pretty sure ) is that to maintain a similar strength army would save us a lot of money . 
  so whether we save that money or make a better army for the same price is up to us . 
  ( or even increase spending and get an even better/bigger one , unlikely )  i think it 's a brilliant idea if the questions above are answered for . 
  there are answers , but not everyone likes them . 
  i 'm very unsure about this myself . 
  for me the biggest question is how the use of this army would be limited , the purpose of it . 
  very strictly as a defense of the eu i 'm definitely for it , but when it comes to international missions and stuff ( like a potential intervention in syria for example ) i 'm very uncertain , not sure if i 'm willing to give up sweden 's sovereignty on that topic . 
   it 's a weird anglo press mannerism . 
  it means it 's a direct quote . 
   to us non-english speaking persons it means that the author is distancing himself from some statement , or that it is not mean seriously . 
  that is one way to interpret a quote . 
  but the symbols themselves does not carry that meaning , they just tell us it 's a quote . 
  it 's possible the english press uses it more freely without putting the quote in as much context , but i do n't really notice it so ca n't tell either way really . 
  in sweden foreign born people do have significantly more kids than native swedes . 
  like 0,3 children difference or something like that ( look it up at scb.se if you want exact numbers ) . 
  but we do n't keep regular statistics on skin colour/ethnicity/religion / other subjective things , so ca n't answer that part of the question . 
  and swedish , unsurprisingly . 
  some we are more logical ( imo ) , `` ear hangers '' , `` toilet ring '' ( duh ) , `` river horse '' . 
  but then we come to sandwich which is `` butter goose '' , ca n't really explain that one ... 
  although you can call it `` macka '' instead if you want , but not sure if that 's better , it 's a romani loanword of all things . 
  maybe it 's higher than i thought , most thing i 've done has been just above 100kr/hour , which is about 11 $ , assumed some things ( like restaurant work ) got worse pay than that , but maybe that is the lower end . 
  granted , it has probably risen a bit the last 3-4 years since i did any work like that , did n't think about that either . 
  no , but union membership is very high . 
  if a company ends up not following agreements by not hiring unionised workers for example it can end up with all the other unions boycotting them anyway , famous example is how they forced [ toys r us ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2015/03/18/sweden-retail-unions_n_6888328.html ) to follow the agreements by blocking them from transport , banking and that sort of thing . 
   when toys `` r '' us refused to back down , transport workers stopped deliveries to the stores , warehouse workers would n't handle shipments bound for their stores and bank employees refused to process transactions for the company . 
  they stopped toys `` r '' us from advertising in the local press , and swedish blue - and white-collar workers ' unions encouraged their 2.5 million members not to shop there . 
  but there are still certain jobs were there is n't much policing from the unions . 
  like small businesses or new jobs that does n't fit into the previous structure or whatever ( foodora is a current example i think ) . 
  the swedish numbers include some taxes , it 's about 30 % that gets payed before the employee even sees the money . 
  but then we also have maybe another 30 % `` normal '' taxes on top of that , depending on a lot of things , the more you earn the higher % you pay .
