  interesting , did n't know that . 
   `` skandinavien '' is used in danish to refer to denmark , sweden and norway , but ( just like in swedish ) often times finland is allowed to slip in there too . 
  do you use the term often ? 
  in swedish we pretty much only use it when translating from english or in very specific cases ? 
  when talking about the region we are in it 's always `` norden '' , if we want to refer specifically to the three kingdoms we just say the names , `` danmark , norge , sverige '' . 
  i think so at least , thought about it a bit with this discussion and `` skandinavien '' is actually very rarely used . 
  and then when speaking english we mistranslate `` norden '' to `` scandinavia '' , and apparently ( according to op ) danes get mad , haha . 
  yeah , i can get that . 
  we should all agree on just start calling it `` the north '' instead , and hope it will spread . 
   the easiest thing would be to de declare scandinavia in english and its cognates in the languages spoken in the nordic countries as false friends . 
  people very rarely say `` skandinavien '' in swedish , it 's always `` norden '' , or if referring specifically to denmark , norway and sweden we just say the names of the countries . 
  i think the only time we really use `` skandinavien '' is when translating from english where it is in much wider use . 
  so what you 're describing is n't an issue because `` skandinavien '' in swedish always corresponds to `` scandinavia '' in english . 
  if swedes use `` scandinavia '' incorrectly it 's likely just a mistranslation of `` norden '' . 
  not all of us . 
  but there 's not much more of an argument to be made than `` i think we should be able to decide that on our own '' . 
  there are countless arguments for why we should do stuff like this but only one against it , so it feels weighted that way . 
  it only comes down to what each person values the most , not much point debating it with other people , everyone already knows the argument . 
  we should start just literally translating it as `` the north '' . 
  and hope people would get used to it after a while . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's a correct term . 
  are n't they used interchangeably ? 
  maybe it 's not strictly correct in linguistics , i dunno , but it 's definitely used even in serious stuff . 
  the wiki article uses both , for what it 's worth . 
   fennoscandia that is what we should be calling it tbh , would stop this whole argument , but no one except apparently you guys do . 
  yes , the scandinavian languages are part of the germanic language family . 
  they are not mutually exclusive , 
  but do finns care about being called scandinavian ? 
  op said danes would get mad , which i questioned . 
  i honestly have no idea what finns think on the matter . 
  pretty self-righteous i guess , but i assumed you would be okey with it , haha . 
  true, 
  it 's not germanic either . 
  what 's your point ? 
  you said it was an autonomous region which gave it a special status . 
  it only got that autonomy within ukraine after the soviet union collapsed . 
  it had also been an autonomous state within rsfsr before the tatar deportations , but lost that status in 46 ( or some year around then , my memory is bad ) . 
  anyway . 
  i do n't actually disagree with you as i 've tried to make clear a number of times . 
  the problem is n't who crimea is supposed to belong to , it 's how russia acquired it . 
  even if they had a very rightful claim to it , they still took it `` illegally '' ( although i dislike that word in this context ) . 
  and in the wider picture they completely crushed what little relations they had left with ukraine , which is only hurting both of the countries . 
  ukraine did n't exactly help in that regard , but that does n't excuse russia 's actions in any way . 
  `` they started it '' and things along that line is never a good argument . 
  that 's one way to put it haha . 
  true , same thing with the english j , or [ dj as any sane person would write it ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/pronunciation_of_j_in_europa.png ) . 
  no , we just have a very wide definition of rape , among other things . 
  it 's unlikely that there is much more rape here than anywhere else in europe . 
  rape statistics are not comparable between countries for a number of reasons . 
  this is why this makes us irritated . 
  i 've played some online games with romanians and it 's always funny to start calling them gypsies when they are getting a bit mad at the game . 
  they usually go full berserk , or just ragequit , haha . 
  you guys are cool though , usually funny at least . 
  that reminded me about a swedish one : `` you make really good chocolate ! '', 
  you 're welcome schweiz ... 
  debateable if the most touristy spots in rome has much actual `` italian cuisine '' . 
   to your essay ? 
  do you speak russian or have relatives in crimea ? 
  or do you just read some swedish or english/uk , us / articles and documents ? 
  which i don \u00b4 t need to tell you are already , , influenced , , by western point of view . 
  i 'm very aware of that and that is a huge part of the essay , dealing with highly biased sources . 
   on other hand crimea should never be handed over to ukraine and should have been given back to russia immediately after dissolution of ussr , they had status of autonomous republic that 's not a given . 
  and they lost their autonomy after ww2 , and got it back again after `` independence '' , while they were already a part of what was previously ukrainian sfsr . 
  but given the events after the unions dissolution i would at least partly agree with you that crimea should not necessarily have been part of ukraine . 
   but it 's more convenient to say `` scandinavians '' than `` nordic people '' . 
  i think that 's part of the reason swedish people are n't that hung up on this . 
  because in swedish we almost only use `` norden/nordbor '' , very rarely `` skandinavien/skandinavier '' . 
  but then when we are writing in english we ca n't be bothered to change our entire way of thinking about this region ( and writing `` the nordic countries '' every time is too much ) so we just use scandinavia to mean `` norden '' . 
  that is just in general though , in a lot of cases higher precision is required and we make an effort to use the right word , but in day to day speech that is at least how i see things . 
  and btw , if there are any swedes here who disagree with me feel free to do so . 
  i do n't have any data to back this up , this is just my perception . 
   but calling finland scandinavian is simply incorrect . 
  so many people are including finland in scandinavia that it 's at least partly true . 
  i agree that it is n't technically correct , but that 's not how language works , there 's not some people deciding exactly what that and that word means , the meaning of different words are defined by the people who use those words . 
  if enough people regard finland as part of scandinavia then it is , at least in the general language sense . 
  there are plenty of real categories , probably some scientific divisions and so on , where a perfect definition is required , and in that sense it is still incorrect no matter what people say ( until they change the scientific definition or whatever ) . 
  but in day to day language it 's not a black and white case , where it 's either 100 % true or 100 % false , i would say that for most people it does n't matter so it definitely is n't 100 % false . 
  but it ` snot 100 % true either , so yeah . 
   yes , using concepts incorrectly is lack of intelligence , what else ? 
  not understanding concepts . 
  sort of like how you do n't understand how people can use these two terms to mean roughly the same thing . 
  or how a concept does n't always need to have a set meaning that stays frozen in all cases and at all times . 
  i know , that is exactly what irritates us . 
  if they continue arguing about it , that makes us angry . 
  well , me anyway . 
  most of the time i just leave . 
  just words generally wo n't upset people much , it 's when people actually truly believe something like this that it starts affecting you . 
   lack of intelligence should not be tolerated is this really what intelligence is about to you ? 
   why would you have two different names if you use the concepts interchangeably ? 
  because the world is n't some precise design where everything always fits in perfectly and makes perfect sense . 
  it makes us irritated because it is n't true . 
  because most people use `` the scandinavian countries '' and `` the nordic countries '' interchangeably , and are fine with it . 
  it might be different in denmark but i 'm pretty sure that at least in sweden we have no problem including finland in most things relating to scandinavia . 
  they are technically not part of it but it does n't practically matter . 
  only thing i can think of where it is relevant is languages . 
  finnish is not a scandinavian language . 
  they are basically honorary scandinavians . 
  rape capital of the world, 
  does anyone in scandinavia actually care about it ? 
  i thought it was just nerds on the internet showing off their amazing youtube-video-watching skills .
