  the more relevant question is in what currency ( i assume $ ) , and at what date . 
  sorry , a bit badly worded as that is often used in the context of gender equality . 
  i mean the fact that a ceo can get paid more than a 100 times more than a normal worker , despite not investing 100 times more effort/whatever into his work . 
  edit : to be clear , i do n't necessarily think this is wrong , i 'm just saying that what out politicians are saying on the topic is a lot of bullshit . 
  bah , as if we are to listen to the advice of silly greeks , you clearly do n't know what you 're doing . 
  i said some of it , not all of it . 
  there 's this whole thing about equal work - equal pay for example . 
  which is still talked about occasionally , but the politicians are n't even remotely trying with that one . 
  we do n't need to celebrate them just because of this post . 
  it really shows how bullshit some of the rhetoric about equality in the nordic countries is for example . 
  12 of the 26 billionaires in sweden are inherited , according to [ this wikipedia list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_swedes_by_net_worth ) at least . 
  yes , if an invasion of europe was the only conceivable conflict then i do n't think we would have any issue with an alliance . 
  because we are not always in it together . 
  see : invasion of afghanistan and iraq . 
  thanks ... 
   other than that you said that you think that the army is probably enough . 
  and that was n't good enough so you 're calling me a moron . 
   so probably quick to finish if ye want does sweden have any nuclear power plants ? 
  three . 
  about 50 % of our electricity is produced there . 
  apparently the government is supposed to have got rid of it completely , but i guess you never know . 
  doubt there 's much left though . 
   my comment is phrased very poorly but i 'm actually curious has the idea come up in general debate in sweden . 
  we had a [ nuclear weapons program ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_nuclear_weapons_program ) . 
  the reason not to restart it is because it would kill our economy if anyone found out and started embargoing and stuff . 
  among other things . 
  most importantly probably that we ( the people ) do n't want any more nuclear weapons in the world . 
  why the fucking fuck should i need to answer all those question not to be called a moron when you barely even asked a single coherent question in your original comment :  yes , it should be voluntary out of principle , just like following laws , rules , paying taxes and all that . 
  right ? 
  why should i have to do anything for the state ? 
  i still stand by my original answer to that as pretty reasonable :  i 'm of the opinion that the state should force things on people as little as possible . 
  paying taxes , going to school , and so on is necessary . 
  serving in the military is not something you need to force people to do . 
  having a professional military should work well enough . 
  can you read that again , please . 
  because i really really do n't see why that is an unacceptable answer . 
  i did n't go into all the details of * why * conscription is unnecessary , because that is a very big question and you did n't explicitly ask me to explain why i thought that . 
  and i still do n't feel like explaining that because it 's a lot of work , the only reason i 'm still arguing with you is because you keep calling me a moron , and i find some personal offence in that . 
   some person claimed that conscription should n't exist because the state should n't force things , in his opinion . 
  that was me . 
   i asked if his opinion was the same about taxes . 
  i said no , and explained the difference in very simplified terms , also provided an example in the form of mandatory church attendance in what i consider unnecessary , much in the same way as conscription . 
   exactly , none of us can predict the future , so is n't it a good idea to get insurance instead of do n't and hoping for the best ? 
  i 'm guessing you do n't believe in fire alarms , why would you get one if your house is n't on fire ? 
  and you ca n't see into future , according to you , in that situation we should do nothing about it and hope for the best - aka - not get insurance . 
  but my point is that we should always be prepared - aka - get insurance , alarms and all that . 
  i agree that we should always be prepared . 
  but i disagree that this specific insurance is the best way to go . 
  i think this other insurance achieves the same result , maybe even better , and also has better ethical practices , such as not forcing their workers to work there against their will . 
   i called you a moron because you were unable to provide one single argument as to why the state should force one thing but not the other my argument was that i do n't think it 's necessary , that our military would function well enough without conscription . 
   you were completely unable to in any way give an answer as to why there is a difference , that 's why you 're a moron . 
  if we are going to go there , you have in no way given any answer to why we * should * force people to do these things , other than that you think it 's necessary , which is exactly the same as my argument . 
  i was also not trying to convince you , just telling you my point of view . 
  and in that case , my original comment about conscription being wrong out of principle was good enough . 
   i not only could but did provide arguments . 
  you 're not a moron for not agreeing , you 're a moron for not being able to use language to tell me why . 
  this have nothing to do with the point , this is just you not being able to form basic sentences . 
  i think it 's also about you not being able to read basic sentences . 
   no it was n't . 
   my argument was a counterargument , somebody said it should be voluntary out of principle . 
  i asked if he felt the same about taxes . 
  so yes , it is ? 
   how can you predict the future ? 
  how can you safely say it 's never ever going to be important ? 
  i ca n't , neither can you . 
  that is what i believe . 
  you believe contrary to that , that 's fine , i do n't think i convince you otherwise so i 'm not going to try . 
   what am i supposed to do with that ? 
  understand that that is my opinion . 
   what did that prove ? 
  i 'm not trying to prove anything . 
   other than the fact than to show you believe in taxes but not the army ? 
  that 's my entire point , but you call me a moron for thinking something you like is n't necessary . 
  yet your entire point is that something i do n't like is necessary . 
  that is the irony . 
   we do n't force people to go to church any more . 
  why should we force people to go to school ? 
  your entire argument was that we already force people to do some stuff so why not this too . 
  which is why i brought up the comparison , i obviously do n't think that is a good enough reason . 
  so ok , you believe it is necessary for sweden ? 
  i do n't , as is pretty exemplified by the fact that the military is already saying that they wo n't force people , which is why i think it 's important that we change the laws too , not just the practice . 
   you claim the things you like is necessary , but the things you do n't like is n't . 
  do n't you understand how much of a moron you sound like ? 
  do you realise the irony in this ? 
  i 'm of the opinion that the state should force things on people as little as possible . 
  paying taxes , going to school , and so on is necessary . 
  serving in the military is not something you need to force people to do . 
  having a professional military should work well enough . 
  we do n't force people to go to church any more . 
  should we start that up again ? 
   are they afraid it would be perceived as an aggressive move by russia ? 
  we do n't trust continental europe to handle important things like military in a way we like . 
  we are also together with the uk the most anti-eu countries , we almost always dislike any widening of the eus powers . 
  it 's probably because we believe we can do as good or better ourselves , why give power to the eu then ? 
  while it might be the other way around in some other very pro-eu countries , where the eu is a seen as more responsible than the local government . 
  in sweden 's case we are also supposed to be neutral , which has worked well for us for a couple of centuries , we do n't give that up lightly . 
   the only option that leaves us is to cooperate with other nations around us that share similar interests militaristically , economically , and politically . 
  this would obviously be the eu . 
  what about us ? 
  :( i do n't know about you finns , but to me a nordic defence union seems like a much better idea than an eu one .
