  it had as much influence as what is now sweden . 
  which also happened to be none . 
  absolute monarchy sort of work like that . 
  i would also like to point out that even if we would have had any influence , finland was considered an integral part of sweden , it was n't some `` colony '' ruled under a different system or anything ( like the german provinces for example ) , it was just the eastern third of sweden , governed in more or less the same way as the rest of sweden . 
  i still do n't think finland should be marked on the map , but what you said is n't really a good reason . 
  main reason would be that modern day finland is nowhere near the same country as sweden in the 18th century ( duh ) . 
  while modern day sweden is exactly the same country , it has just undergone a ton of reforms . 
  you have to talk about governments here , not geographical areas , otherwise it does n't work at all . 
  it 's still the same country , we just lost a lot of land to the russians . 
  the swedish state especially has been around for ages ( like 5 centuries at least ) , it has transformed slowly from an absolute monarchy into a proper democracy as well , no revolutions or sudden breaks like that in government , like in russia for example . 
  meanwhile west prussia ( westpreussen ) is also the western part of actual prussia ( the geographical region , not the country ) , and that is in modern day poland . 
  it 's main city being danzig . 
  we have had the same sort of political movements as today since before we joined the eu ourselves . 
  i doubt this affected it much . 
  each country has slightly different stories as well , here it can be traced back to the yugoslav wars and subsequent influx of refugees , but even that might not be correct , maybe it 's more likely to correspond to the economic depression during the 90s . 
  either way , you 're wrong in pointing this out as some sort of major turning point in all of western europe . 
  if it was , it was only in very few countries . 
  istanbul was originally just greek for `` the city '' . 
  constantinople has not been used by the people living there for a long time , even greeks ( they had their own variant of `` istanbul '' , which is the turkish name ) . 
  it only survived in foreign languages or official speech and that sort of thing . 
  and there were plenty of greeks living in the city even after the turkish conquest . 
  so in a sense that is similar to dubrovnik . 
  as i do n't believe anyone who lives there still calls it ragusa ? 
  it 's only foreign languages . 
  but that 's insanely cheap . 
  i pay at least 5 times as much for a student room here in sweden , not in stockholm . 
  and rents in sweden are usually considered to be * too * low ( they are controlled , sort of ) , because no one wants to build any new rental apartments . 
  i know that money is worth a lot more in russia , but still . 
  [ here 's mine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mhmxoze.jpg ) in gothenburg . 
  would be a great view if not for those damn trees . 
  ( [ here 's a panorama from just above the building ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/@57.6976446,11.9384149,3a,75y,352.69h,86.8t/data=!3m8!1e1!3m6!1s-dcqnujcnvz0%2fvmn3fefsfqi%2faaaaaaaair0%2fv7gfbzemf2e_ciokerrmmnqqtjdc9sg1wcjkc!2e4!3e11!6s%2f%2flh4.googleusercontent.com%2f-dcqnujcnvz0%2fvmn3fefsfqi%2faaaaaaaair0%2fv7gfbzemf2e_ciokerrmmnqqtjdc9sg1wcjkc%2fw203-h100-k-no-pi-0-ya78.164566-ro-0-fo100%2f!7i10240!8i5120?hl=en ) ) and yeah , it 's winter , so darkness prevails ... 
   and it does n't help when you can hardly afford oil cus heating has to be on year round . 
  not really a problem in iceland , they have boiling water literally just popping up from the ground . 
   do n't you get bored of cosy though ? 
  yes , some of us do . 
  some people seem to handle it alright , but there is definitely a lot of people affected by it . 
  i 'm one of them . 
  the fact that summers here in sweden are so damn nice as well makes it even harder to me . 
  and then during hte summer you get anxiety because you 're not doing enough stuff outside while you still can . 
  haha . 
  more or less, 
  we still follow the old gods here in the north . 
  we do n't have healthcare insurance over here either . 
  or rather , everyone has the same . 
  and can confirm , being able to have that card in the phone would be nice , save some space in my wallet when travelling . 
   just look at sunny pictures that only makes it worse . 
   anyway i wonder if there 's a genetic component to it ? 
  probably , but if anything we are more resistant to it than others . 
  some winter is fine , but when you 're stuck in this for at least 3 months with no way out it can get a bit too much . 
  another probably bigger influence is how individualistic our society is , southern european countries places a much bigger emphasis on family and taking care of each other and that sort of thing . 
  we really do n't up here , especially with older people , and they are by far the biggest suiciders . 
   whats wrong with u it 's cold and dark . 
  yeah , but city limits are not defined at all , so pretty much anything is better than that . 
  i prefer urban areas ( the built up area around a city ) . 
  i think there is data for that at least within the eu using the same definitions . 
  arguably more expensive too . 
  [ here 's some ] ( http://glimling.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/tomte_by_rolf_lidberg.jpg ) jultomtar [ for you ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-vk3wmd_vlfs/t3w7ii95dxi/aaaaaaaaafk/2nqu5mqhbae/s1600/nystrom%2btomte.jpg ) . 
  still similar to your santa , but the belief in tomtar ( gnomes , sort of ) , is really old , and they were thought to look a bit like that , beard and all , so it 's only natural we assumed santa was a specific christmas tomte when that tradition got here . 
  there is a really old tradition of giving him porridge on christmas eve . 
  we did have the christmas goat ( like finland ) before . 
  [ not sure why we got rid of that ] ( https://somethingswedish.files.wordpress.com/2013/12/julbock1.jpg ) . 
  left side is `` easier '' , because most people have their dominant hand on the steering wheel instead of the gear stick , so can handle the car better . 
  also something about dominant eyes , which i 'm not sure how it works . 
  left-side-driving countries actually have statistically less accidents or something , iirc . 
  even when other things are more or less equal . 
  obviously ca n't prove that 's the reason though . 
  the reason everyone in europe except the british isles switched to the right is because that 's what most of the countries there used . 
  same in sweden , except the prices are halved . 
  i think it 's because of how much rent and wages cost the pubs here compared to many cheaper places . 
  the stores are n't nearly as affected by that , so the relative price increase there over cheaper places is only really the taxes . 
   if it was about the opinion of the government of israel i 'm sure the % would be quite a bit higher here . 
  definitely . 
  that would actually be interesting to see as well , does anyone know if a survey like that exists ? 
  that 's pr for you, 
  also the projection makes iceland tilted on this map , since it 's on the edge , only the middle of the map has north being straight up . 
  ( earth being a sphere and all that you know ) having some latitude circles ( or whatever it 's called ) would help with that , but not be very pretty . 
  so they can say that they have the highest skyscraper . 
  it 's mostly because of increases in sugary food and less active lifestyles . 
  `` normal '' dinner-food type stuff is n't usually that unhealthy ( but it 's still really tasty ) . 
  it 's candy bars , fast-food and that sort of stuff that 's the real problem . 
  someone sitting in a office all day does n't need nearly as much food as someone working as a farmer or in a factory or stuff like that . 
  all hail the patriarchy . 
  are n't you fairly into sports and such ? 
  like the rest of the nordics ? 
  ( norway are so rich they just ca n't help getting fat , despite all the skiing ... ), 
  p\u00f8lse is great , shut up there 's a lot of things danes are n't very good at , but pork products is not one of them . 
  yep . 
  but for normal people who do n't train that much it 's actually fairly accurate . 
  so do n't disregard the statistics entirely just because it 's not 100 % accurate . 
  weighing 97kg if you 're 180cm tall is not good unless you 're building some serious muscle . 
  you might not look * that * fat , but it 's still not good at all . 
  might be , just anecdotal experience . 
  i 'm pretty sure it is over here actually . 
  by far the biggest reason , second being economical or just for physical activity . 
  but we have had a lot of propaganda-esque stuff about environmentalism and so on for many years now . 
  at least since i was in primary school 10 + years ago , always been told to not drive unnecessary , recycle and all that . 
   but it is n't going to make 50 % of all people use the bike instead of a car . 
  we were n't discussing * how * to make them switch , only why . 
  how was sort of already established as redesigning cities for bikes instead of cars . 
  sbr999 asked why he should be giving up anything as a car driver , and the environment is why .
