  it 's not like with food where you 're comparing i dunno , one meal with lots of fat and carbs and one with slightly lower levels of that . 
  in the case of wine it 's all just added on top of what you already need from the actual meal . 
  drinking a glass of wine with every meal is like drinking a glass of soda with every meal , of course that 's not good for your energy intake and you could easily just not do it . 
  yes . 
  or what do you mean with `` one sitting '' ? 
  over an evening that 's easy . 
  the problem with the sugar is that your body wants more all the time , that does n't really happen with beer , but yes , it might be just as `` easy '' to drink , but your body does not have the same compulsion to drink that as it does with sugar . 
  none of that makes the `` beer belly '' less of a myth . 
  beer is really bad if you 're concerned about your energy intake , which is the problem most people have with their diets . 
  in the same way you should n't be drinking soda every day you should n't be drinking beer . 
  if you can deal with the energy and still keep a good diet it 's fine , but only then . 
  the same applies for soda , but no one is saying soda is healthy . 
   so 2 units would 1 500ml beer . 
  should probably word that differently . 
  it 's * one * 500ml beer , not 1500ml . 
  both wine and beer makes you fat too . 
  both contain more energy per volume than soda , as an example . 
  soda is probably still worse because of how easy it is to drink lots of it . 
  and while wine is actually more energy dense than beer , you tend to drink less so it 's not that bad ( and hard liquor is even worse , but again , you drink less ) . 
  i think alcohol is our second `` best '' energy source after fat . 
  about 6 litres of beer is your recommended daily intake of calories . 
  i do n't mind the two biggest parties being sort of similar . 
  the real problem , to me at least , is that most of the other parties also have very little putting them apart from each other . 
  even sd , our `` right wing '' populist party is relatively centrist , only really having immigration as an issue . 
  mp and kd have basically nothing to say , l and c are more or less the same as m , and probably comes as a packet anyway . 
  s are just sitting in the middle not really pushing for any changes , m would probably turn out similar if they get elected . 
  v are still fairly leftist compared to the other parties , but they are n't actually focusing on that , mostly on feminism and stuff which is n't actually that unique to them , and a pretty specific selling point anyway . 
  moscow is bigger than istanbul . 
   much rather have finland than fking sk\u00e5ne and the west coast . 
  and fking sk\u00e5ne and the west coast would much rather not have you , it 's a win win . 
  we had summer last week :d too bad it 's over now . 
  better luck next year i guess . 
  yeah , there 's so much shit in the baltic , not sure if that sea will ever be healthy again . 
   oxygen ( o2 ) below surface levels of the stagnant oceans becomes completely depleted -- a probable cause of past mass extinction events hah , at least we do n't have to worry about that around the baltic , already happened . 
   or where market forces indicated the best returns so ... eastern europe ? 
  but anyway , it 's political as well , the more they give the less the eu takes away , sort of . 
  if they were giving less the eu would be harder on them . 
   yea but most of them can not even read or write . 
  that 's just not true . 
  they do need to learn german though , but most of them have been in school , just in another language . 
  yeah , but especially in germany ( from what i 've heard ) a lot of the work does n't require particularly high education levels . 
  it 's high school level stuff , but usually requires a vocational education . 
  it 's not actually out of reach for most immigrants , at least not skill wise ( no idea how many bureaucratic hurdles there are ) . 
  to be fair , a lot of them are at least available for further education/training ( at least for the non-university jobs ) , i would think the government could push a whole lot of them into education if they really wanted , it 's not like they do n't want to work . 
  is n't that a pretty bad use of quotation marks in this case ? 
  i assumed you called it `` overseas territory '' because that is what you read somewhere ( like on wiki ) . 
  if it was just normal use of the words there 's no reason to quote them . 
   just remember that it 's not the temperature that causes sunburn , but rather the angle of the sun 's rays . 
  if your shadow is shorter than you are , definitely put on sunscreen . 
  the longer your shadow , the less likely you are to burn . 
  also if you 're going to be near water ( like on a boat/beach ) or in snow . 
  the reflection makes it a lot worse . 
  ugly sunburn around your ski goggles when skiing is actually fairly common . 
  i 'm in gothenburg , so not exactly small , rents are pretty cheap . 
  but yeah , you ca n't really get any apartment at all if you 're just out of high school , since you can only queue from when you 're 18 it 's literally impossible to have enough queue days to get an actual apartment ( corridor rooms are possible though ) . 
  and student apartments are a lot easier to get . 
  i do n't think you can get anything if you 're not a student unless you queue for 5 + years . 
  so sublets are usually the way to go , and that does get expensive . 
  rents in sweden are fine . 
  but you need to wait in queue for 5 + years to get any apartment at all . 
  so young people are pretty fucked . 
   not sure though , it 's not that common . 
  i did . 
  happens on sports high schools and such . 
  had a 1 bedroom 30m ^ 2 apartment , cooked my own food and everything . 
  my parents payed for food ( within reason ) and rent ( but got money for that from the municipality i was supposed to study in ) , so i definitely was n't independent . 
  but for most practical reasons i had moved out . 
  and yeah , almost all university students here are as independent from their parents as the equivalent working person their age , if not more . 
  students have an easier time finding apartments , if you 're working you 're much more likely to stay at your parents . 
  and since we get ~ 1000 $ / month in loans + benefits we do n't need our parents in any way . 
  i 'm a student , i visit my parents about 4 times per year , and talk to them on the telephone every other week or so , otherwise i have nothing to do with them . 
  my grandma sends me money all the time though , i think she 's trying to bribe me to visit her more often . 
   judging by your description , it 's different in the nordics . 
  yes , in sweden at least . 
  pretty much everyone changes it since the address you 're registered on is where you will be getting most of your post and stuff . 
  the norm here is to move out when you finish high school , regardless of what you do after that ( even if you 're on welfare ) . 
  staying at your parents for a year or two is pretty normal , but if you 're 25 and still living with you 're parents people will think you are a bit weird . 
  problem is that we have a major housing shortage , so a lot of people ca n't actually find any home of their own and are forced to live with their parents . 
  so if that continues for long things might change , but at least for now pretty much everyone wants to leave home asap . 
  maybe it was n't [ one of these broders ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/borders-and-visas/schengen/reintroduction-border-control_en ) . 
   the rest ( 90 % ) of the city is completely different and devoid of visitors ... 
  same thing in most cities , paris and london too i 'm pretty sure . 
   locals do n't - actually , ca n't afford to - live there anymore and businesses too have been fleeing the premises in order to make way for even more tourist-related shit . 
  exactly what i mean , i do n't think rome needs more tourists . 
  paris and london still seem to be actual cities , even in the tourist covered city center . 
  rome is like that sometimes , but a lot of the time it seems like the entire thing was made for tourists . 
  that is from a tourist perspective of course , the suburbs and stuff are very different , but that 's beside the point , it 's not as if tourists would go there even if you had more of them . 
  but rome is a lot smaller than paris or london . 
  either way all these places has insane amounts of tourists if you go to the common tourist attractions . 
  but in rome it felt like that was everywhere , maybe that 's just me . 
  it felt like just one big tourist attraction , instead of a big city with a bunch of tourist attractions . 
  a little bit similar to venice although not that bad . 
  i 'm not sure rome really needs more marketing considering the insane amount of tourists there . 
  russia , the netherlands and luxembourg are basically the same thing but without a symbol too . 
  if you 're buying ready made tsatsiki i do n't think you 're too concerned about quality , haha . 
  but we are still giving our farmers pretty massive subsidies . 
   where only 10-25 % of the population is lactase persistent . 
  worst thing that happens is that you get a bit gassy . 
  not exactly the end of the world . 
  as long as you 're not drinking milk or eating a lot of ice cream or something like that most people can handle it fine .
