  and the mediterranean does the same thing but more directly on the coastal cities in southern europe . 
  it 's two extremes really , ( northeastern ) us is unusually cold during winters , and europe unusually warm . 
  when for example central europe gets eastern winds during the winter it does get really cold . 
  if that was the dominant wind direction ( well , not really , but you know what i mean ) throughout the year the weather would be a lot different . 
  but that does n't happen because of the way the earth spins , and stuff . 
   it feels like i 'm drinking poison yeah cause it is , sort of . 
  but if you 're drunk enough you wo n't feel it :d for real though , the reason it caught on up here was because we could n't make wine and people were serious alcoholics , so needed something as strong as possible to keep themselves drunk . 
  nowadays we 've got wine and other stuff though , vodka consumption is way down what it used to be . 
  the russians are still stuck in it though from what i 've heard . 
  it 's just traditional regions . 
  back in the day we drank a lot of br\u00e4nnvin , which is the same as vodka . 
  the government has cracked down on that since then and now i think we mostly drink wine , which was n't really a big thing here before for obvious reasons ( we ca n't grow grapes ) . 
  beer has always been a thing though , but i think the main difference is that people on the continent both drank considerably more beer than us and considerably less vodka . 
  exactly . 
  it 's not abusing the system , it 's that they actually ca n't get a job . 
  at the same time , why would they not want to work if they could ? 
  are they just inherently lazier than swedes or something ? 
  it depends what happens with them . 
  our schools and hospitals are really not doing too well at the moment . 
  it 's not primarily about money , but if there somehow was a way to make them significantly better through tax raises then i think a lot of people could consider it . 
  i 'm very strongly anti-religion myself , but at the same time i hate when governments force those sort of things onto people . 
  i still think it can work , it just needs to be managed well , which is n't the case right now . 
  i totally see your points though . 
  except the soviet union thing , if anything , does n't it just prove that even if a government wants to limit religious influence on the population it 's almost impossible to do ? 
   we do n't do it out of stubbornness or because we like to spend when there 's no real reason to i know , and i said so myself , two times even i think . 
  it 's because of turkey . 
  lol . 
  anyway , how the hell can you afford that many aircrafts and especially tanks on that budget ? 
  are most of them old or something ? 
  we more or less border russia though . 
  sure , it 's a sea border , but still ( comparable to russia and turkey , which do n't get along too well last time i checked ) . 
  we also have less allies than you , we only have the eu , you have both nato and the eu . 
  we are also a much larger country , so harder to defend . 
  also , i think sweden spends almost as much on our military as greece in absolute numbers , it 's just our gdp is much higher . 
  edit : [ just checked ] ( https://www.sipri.org/sites/default/files/milex-constant-2015-usd.pdf ) , sweden actually spends more on our military than greece . 
  but our gdp is more than double yours so that 's why it does n't show on maps/lists like these . 
  i 'm really not taking a stance btw , you can build as big of a military as you want if you ask me , i was just explaining to the guy above why you have such a big military , argue with him instead . 
   or they have to mix is n't that the point of multiculturalism ? 
  allowing each group to keep their identities and customs and so on to some extent , but at the same time `` integrating '' them in a larger national identity/culture/whatever . 
  at least that 's the way it seems like the government is trying to do it over here in sweden ( which everyone is using as the prime multiculti example all the time ) . 
  it 's not black and white between assimilation and multiculturalism , every country has a bit of both . 
  are n't the jews a perfect example of why this in fact can work ? 
  they exist fine alongside the majority populations in many countries today , while still retaining some of their culture . 
  obviously mixing like that can and definitely has caused trouble in the past , but it 's not as certain to fail as you make it out to be . 
  i do n't think most of the `` multicultural '' policies in themselves are a huge problem , at least in my country . 
  the problem is that we are going over the capacity we can handle within our systems , so the actual integration start to fail much more than it has in the past , leaving people more or less completely outside the swedish society . 
  the multiculturalism within our society is n't a huge problem . 
  it 's a region within czechia . 
  the moravians would be pissed of if you started calling the entire country bohemia . 
   same as austria < -  australia probably a bit worse . 
  i do n't think either one of australia or austria actually thinks very lowly about the other country . 
  but being associated with chechnya could be a bit bad considering how fucked up that place is . 
  yeah , well , tell that to greece . 
  they do n't listen because turkey . 
   also why is n't anyone telling greece to cut back on military spending ? 
  they do n't listen because of turkey . 
   i tried to apply a geographical-demographical approach to define the limits of their urban areas , basing on the smallest statistical units available on the eurostat database ( nuts3 level ) . 
   ( alternative notation provided for people who do n't use commas to demarcate thousands ) what about the people who do n't use dots either ? 
  why ? 
  he might be doing fine for america , i do n't really know or care that much about it , back during the election i thought it would n't make much of a difference who was elected president , but apparently i was wrong . 
  as i 've already said , what i 'm worried about is his impact on the rest of the world , and especially his lying , fact denying , and general incompetence is what is worrying me there , not his specific policies . 
  i 've also never claimed he 's just like hitler , that 's pretty disrespectful to history . 
  have probably compared some of his behaviour to hitler though , but that 's hardly the same thing , and i can do that with plenty of leaders . 
  how can you be so sure it 's not you being brainwashed into thinking your way ? 
   just because you say that does n't make it true . 
  at some point we have to trust what others say , we ca n't get all our information from our own eyes . 
  so yes , i have gotten most of my information from various european media , but it 's still a pretty diverse source , it 's not like i 've only been reading * aftonbladet * . 
  would require some serious conspiracy for our hundreds or thousands of media outlets to be brainwashing an entire continent . 
  i could be making the same accusations against obama for example , but then i would be lying . 
  there still exist a thing called facts , just because you do n't believe it does n't make it untrue . 
  as for my opinions on these facts , well obviously they are my opinions . 
   i have n't seen a single credible study saying what percentage is natural and what percentage is human driven . 
  because there is n't a single study that shows this , it 's thousands of studies done over several decades that shows it . 
  the consensus is that the global temperature is rising , and it is because of increased emission of greenhouse gasses like co2 . 
  those increased emissions are almost entirely due to human activities . 
  * exactly * how much is still uncertain , because of the enormous complexity of the systems we are dealing with , but humanity plays by far the biggest role in it , there 's no way around that . 
  what people ca n't agree on is if it 's worth doing anything about it and if so what and how much . 
  as some other guy said . 
   you 're not a fan of some nuanced aspects of macron 's ( basically centrist ) politics . 
   trump is a con-artist and a vicious bully who is threatening the national security of your country and his own . 
  sure , i do n't agree with him politically , that 's not the biggest deal ( same with macron to some extent ) . 
  but the fact that he 's straight up trying to lie and deceive people is a big deal . 
  also the fact that a lot of his political stances are not based on facts in any way , he 's just making stuff up . 
  and the fact that he 's totally contradicting himself in sooo many different ways makes it so that he 's hardly a democratically elected president any more ( in my eyes ) , people elected him for some reason , if he 's not following those reasons at all , why should he stay ? 
  to me he seems like he 's literally a bit crazy , as in some mental disorder ( s ) , but that could be down to how media portrays him , i am aware of that . 
  of course these are mostly things americans need to handle , not me , but i can be angry anyway . 
  also his ( or his administrations ) ties to russia , and the cover-up of that has the potential of being a huge deal for my own country , that borders russia and has to deal with their threats regularly . 
  but i do n't think it 's clear how deep that goes yet . 
  -- i am also aware of the `` echo chamber '' i 'm in , but the fact that it includes more or less the rest of the world except america makes that hardly mean much , it 's more of a sign that what 's being said actually means something . 
  no i meant what in my post makes me ignorant ? 
  i 'm also basically never on / r/politics , just a whole bunch of americans over there , not very interesting for me . 
  i think i even blocked it from my / r/all . 
  why ? 
  you mean instead of discord ? 
  in that case , no , i meant discord . 
  trump had/has this weird handshake thing that he does when meeting other leaders ( sort of pulling their hand ) . 
  it looks funny and a lot of pictures of it got upvoted all over reddit . 
  so now whenever he meets someone new people are all looking for his signature handshake and stuff . 
  in this case macron shut it down compeltely . 
  and [ it 's not just reddit ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-handshake-iduskbn18l1ob ) .
