  but i feel like most other programs are still swedish , panel shows , talk shows , game shows , and so on . 
  i guess it depends a lot on what channels you watch . 
  i only ever watched tv with my parents , and we were stuck almost entirely on svt 1 , 2 or tv4 . 
  defintely a lot more than 10 % at least , more like 50 % in my case . 
  we do get some norwegian and danish programs , i know my parents watch ( ed ) skavlan and something with a danish farmer at least . 
  think i recall my mother watching some norwegian gardening show too when i visited them last time . 
  so yeah , there are some imports . 
  a lot of europeans support the palestinian people , but not hamas . 
   i tend to find lyrics in swedish a bit off-putting , for whatever reason , and prefer them to be in english . 
  i always prefer swedish over english lyrics actually . 
  a shame so many of our artists writes in english imo . 
   if that is the majority opinion among the swedes that even very advanced learners are not worthy of politeness i just said that if you can actually speak the language then it 's fine . 
  stop being so fucking butthurt . 
  i 'm just talking about tourist who try learn phrases from phrase books or whatever just because they are visiting here once . 
  it 's not helping anyone . 
   part was n't there when i wrote my reply . 
  you must 've edited it in after i 'd started replying . 
  yeah , sorry , i tend to come up with new things to add and just edit them in , bad habit . 
   in general i think people refer to scottish , english and irish individually . 
  as i said , we like to if we can , but a lot of the time we just ca n't tell the difference . 
  like if you see/meet someone irl , unless you ask them most people wo n't know where they are from , a british person would most likely know just from their accent . 
  mostly thinking of when i 've been on vacation , whenever you meet some british folks you just talk about them as `` brits '' . 
  if they were very obviously scottish then we would call them that , but most of the time people are n't that obvious , and could easily be from northern england instead for example . 
  since we do n't really have a good word for `` the uk '' that people actually use most of the time we talk specifically about england or scotland , as if they were both independent countries , similar to england and ireland . 
  if it 's something about the whole uk ( like foreign policy ) it often gets shortened to england . 
  but that does n't actually happen too much in my experience , usually you can specify which country you 're talking about . 
  like if you 're travelling to scotland you say you 're travelling to scotland , not to `` the uk '' . 
  if you 're visiting both you probably say you 're visiting england * and * scotland . 
  wales is a bit trickier , but i think even that has a similar thing , more or less being considered a separate country when talking about it . 
  on topic , do n't think most people here care much about brexit , it 's not our business . 
  scotland is nice enough though , do n't think there is any specific attitude towards the place , do n't hear too much about it either , being a small country and all , everything is about england ( either correctly , or incorrectly used instead of the uk ) , which as we 've established is n't necessarily seen as the same thing as scotland ( even when it 's written as `` great britain '' to some extent , we usually just picture england ) . 
  again , sort of similar to ireland , we do n't hear too much about it , but seems nice enough , probably a great holiday spot . 
  but when talking about the people it 's much more common to just bunch you all up as `` brits '' , since a lot of us ca n't really tell the difference when meeting you . 
  that includes the irish too , sorry . 
  but even then , i think we like to distinguish between the different countries and nationalities on the british isles if we are able to . 
   are n't swedish and norwegian different languages ? 
  sort of . 
  we understand each other , just some words that are different . 
  it 's easy for either side to adapt to the other language , just need to learn the few words that are different and then you can talk with pretty much anyone . 
  and if it 's on tv we have subtitles to help out people who have trouble understanding dialects . 
  danish is similar too , but very different pronunciation to swedish , so it 's harder to understand for someone who 's not used to it . 
  how goes the saying ? 
  `` a language is a dialect with an army and navy '' and since people always ask this : normally swedes can just talk swedish , and the norwegians will respond in norwegian , and we still understand each other . 
   i have no idea who these are haha . 
  in case you actually want to know : [ northug ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/petter_northug ) is a very good cross country skier , infamous for just chilling most of the race and then [ crushing everyone in the finish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqkmyoiddck ) . 
  it 's a big sport in both sweden and norway ( who has a rivalry ) , that is why people know about him . 
  [ skavlan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skavlan ) is a talk show host , it airs in both sweden and norway and is very popular . 
  denmark i think . 
  i just like it there , similar to home but still a bit different , but mostly in good ways . 
  only big problem is their horrible language . 
  scotland is great too . 
  no idea what `` c level '' means . 
  if you can actually make yourself understood then obviously it is n't a problem . 
  and as i said earlier , if you are n't very good yet but still want practice , do that when appropriate , do n't just annoy any random people with your broken swedish . 
  be considerate , we are n't your private language class . 
  the storage space for my apartment is in one actually . 
  [ here 's a map btw ] ( https://gisapp.msb.se/apps/kartportal/enkel-karta_skyddsrum.html ), 
   a nice gesture , or a waste of everyone 's time ? 
  a waste of my time , because i probably wo n't understand anything you try to say in swedish , and i understand english about as well as i do swedish , so we should probably use the language both of us know if we want to communicate . 
  if you want to practice you could bring it up , but only if it seems appropriate . 
  if you 're just asking for directions or something like that it 's just annoying . 
  i do occasionally talk to my non-swedish neighbours in swedish because i know they want to practice , but even then if i actually have something important to say i do it in english . 
  every swede is expected to know english , and no foreigners are expected to know any swedish , it 's such a small language , no point in learning it unless you 're moving here . 
  so using anything other than english would be weird . 
  we have lots of huge boulders lying around , sometimes all alone which looks a bit weird . 
  in reality they were dropped off when the ice retreated at the end of the last ice age . 
  but legend says they were thrown to where they are now by the giants . 
  ca n't remember the exact story or if this is just a specific case ( where there is a boulder right next to a church ) , but i think the story goes that they where trying to hit the churches when they rang their bells . 
  because giants hate church bells , as everyone knows . 
  that also conveniently explains why there are n't any giants any more , they disappeared when men started building churches everywhere . 
  another small folklorish thing i like is how when there is mist floating in fields in the morning , people say that it is the elves dancing . 
  also the [ `` skogsr\u00e5 '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hulder ) . 
  from the front she looks like a beautiful woman , but if she turn her back on you she looks like a hollowed out dead tree . 
  specialises in leading people into the forest never to be seen again , or something like that . 
  my grandma made me scared of suspicious looking dead trees when i was little because of this . 
  very similar here . 
  m\u00fcsli + yoghurt or something like that is very common , porridge too . 
  maybe a sandwich with that . 
  and going out buying freshly baked buns like that if you want to put some effort into it , usually on weekends . 
  and of course , always a large cup of coffee . 
  possibly tea , but probably some coffee too after/before the tea anyway , because yeah , coffee . 
   i mean , we even have to import workers because we do n't have enough that 's pretty much only germany in all of europe though . 
  everyone needs * skilled * workers . 
  but developing countries are in need of that even more than most developed ones . 
  that 's china 's main problem at the moment . 
  for them to continue growing they ca n't just rely on their production industry , they need innovation , and that requires much higher educated workers , which they ca n't produce enough of yet in their own country . 
  ( which is partly the reason why there are so damn many chinese in our universities ) their own wages rising causes them to loose a lot of the basic jobs they got their growth out of in the first place to other developing nations ( already happened in vietnam and indonesia for example , but later on africa too ) . 
  they need to switch from a production based industry to a knowledge based one ( or something like that , i forget all these terms ) . 
  one question is what would happen if that actually happened all over the place ? 
  right now the `` developed '' world creates new things , and the developing world produces them . 
  what happens when they start creating their own things to produce ? 
  they would essentially take `` the west 's '' jobs . 
  hopefully it will somehow even things out , so that each country does a bit of both , but the transition could be pretty rough for europe , if it happens . 
  or we will continue growing forever in europe too , and this wo n't be a problem , but i doubt that , for the reasons you talked about . 
  and yeah , sorry about my bad wording here , was a while since i studied this , forgot all the terms used to explain this shit , hope it makes sense anyway . 
  also , all in all this is a good thing imo , we are doing fine over here , it 's the developing world that needs better conditions , so if they grow on our expense it really is n't a particularly bad thing for humanity as a whole . 
  i feel so stupid right now . 
  i had no idea poland still had their own currency , thought they used the euro . 
  but anyway , is n't pounds ( along with euros and dollars ) a currency people actually keep track of ? 
  i have no idea about any other currencies around the world but those three i usually know where they stand compared to the swedish krona .
