  it would be strong enough to at least deter a russian invasion , if we wanted to . 
  nato kind of ruins that though , but the same can be said about the eu alternative . 
   if they ever have a good enough reason to attack you , they will which is why we are stopping them from having a good enough reason , that 's how neutrality works . 
  no , it 's more like not buying car insurance when you 're not using your car . 
  sure , if you take it out in traffic it 's a great idea , but if it 's just sitting in your garage maybe it does n't matter . 
  but we do n't want to do both . 
  it 's basically a choice between keeping all of europe in one union or making a superstate out of a part of europe . 
   there 's very little real distinction between offensive and defensive action in the current globalized context . 
  and we strongly disagree with that . 
  which explains why we are so low on this map . 
  no they did n't . 
  but they did kick out pretty much all christians during the 20th century . 
   not an inherent outcome of having a large military . 
  the only reason to have an army as large as the us is to project power outside of your own country . 
  which i think a lot of people consider a bit unpeaceful . 
  and yeah , i 'm not claiming that is all that is putting the us down in the ranking . 
  but it might be enough for a country to go from `` very high '' to `` high '' , for example . 
  yeah , politicians lying , surprising . 
  i 'm not saying they are doing a good job , just better than a couple of years ago . 
   the military also exists to keep other people from killing you . 
  yes . 
  and ? 
  no one is saying it 's a bad thing having a large military . 
  but it 's obviously going to be affecting your score in a * peace index * ... 
   think about it . 
  almost all words starting with f are of greek origin , at least in indo-european languages fy fan f\u00f6r fula fr\u00e4mlingars felaktiga fuskspr\u00e5k . 
  that 's not the case at all . 
  maybe in your language , but not all indo-european languages . 
   it was '' \u017duv\u0117dai '' which literally translates to `` fish eaters '' fair enough , haha . 
  our name ( svenskar/swedes ) does n't even have a meaning , it probably just meant `` our people '' originally . 
  much more fun to be called something like fish eaters , or rowers ( like estonian ) . 
  it is likely that the name of russia has the same roots as the name of sweden in finnish and estonian ( routsi/rootsi ) . 
  if that 's the case it ( rus ) originally meant something like `` rowers '' . 
  so it 's already funny i guess . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rus%27_ ( name ) the russian states has also always been centered around their great rivers ( you can still see that by the location of their biggest cities ) , so claiming it had no connection to boats is n't exactly true . 
  just because they did n't sail the seas does n't mean they did n't use boats . 
  one of the symbols of the kalmar union was the three crowns . 
  so we could use that i guess ;d, 
  also , people back then did n't have a say . 
   k\u00f6benhavn / malm\u00f8 as the capital city called broen . 
  should build the parliament on pepparholmen . 
   norwegian bokm\u00e5l as main official language i would n't mind , tbh . 
  as long as you do n't repress the other languages . 
   the worlds coolest monarch queen margrethe ii digitalized , and made to reign forever . 
  is n't it time we got rid of the monarchy ? 
   nato membership why ? 
  we would n't need it anymore . 
  make us self sufficient instead , as you said , build our own industries and have our own proper army and stuff . 
   wind , solar , wave - energy driven , combined with swedish nuclear and norwegian hydropower . 
  do n't forget about the power cable from iceland for all that juicy geothermal energy . 
   flag , north star of course . 
  great idea actually , had n't thought of that . 
   immigration : let the norwegians , finns or danes handle this one , sweden . 
  sure , although i would like to point out that our government are at least starting to behave themselves lately . 
  so do n't think this would be a huge issue . 
   here you can go out and the ski track is 50 meters from your door . 
  speak for yourself . 
  we have had 3 or 4 days total with snow on the ground this year . 
  and even if we had enough snow the ski track would be a 30 minute tram ride + 1km walk away . 
   their known capacity would be painfully insufficient in any conceivable scenario . 
  sweden could have a good enough military on our own to deter any potential aggression in the current political situation ( our only concern is russia ) . 
  just because our military is relatively small right now does n't mean it has to be , there is plenty of room for expansion , we have had a pretty good army in the past even . 
  russia has a huge military , but we do n't need to completely match their numbers to deter an invasion . 
  either way , it 's unfeasible for them to send their entire might against just sweden . 
  also something i like pointing out , even though it does n't necessarily have much relevance , but still interesting : sweden has almost half the gdp of russia . 
  the economical differences between our countries are not that big . 
  they can get a lot more out of their money , but still . 
  we would also like to work towards closer ties with finland and the other nordic countries . 
  just because we are negative towards larger european alliances does n't mean we are against alliances at all , we need to be able to trust people we go into an alliance with . 
  no it 's not , you can use muscles for other things than killing people . 
  military exists primarily to be able to kill people , you may not want to use them , but that 's still their purpose . 
  it 's not about safety , it 's about peacefulness . 
  if you have troops fighting in other countries you 're not very peaceful . 
  in the same way that if you have factions within your country fighting each other that 's not very peaceful either . 
   lol so basically you just have to not spend money on your military and you 're considered peaceful ? 
  no , not just that . 
  it 's the other way around , if you have a huge military you 're considered less peaceful . 
  i do n't think it matters much if you have a small military or none at all . 
   the index gauges global peace using three broad themes : the level of safety and security in society , the extent of domestic and international conflict , and the degree of militarization . 
  factors are both internal such as levels of violence and crime within the country and external such as military expenditure and wars . 
  from wiki . 
  the us number is probably mostly affected by external factors . 
  i know , was a bit sarcastic . 
  yeah , they do n't work up here , just sit on the streets begging . 
   however , i see how `` compulsory '' service can help to find those who would maybe do it , but are too lazy . 
  yeah , it 's fine with the whole testing thing and all that , try picking up all the kids who do n't know what to do with their lives and so on . 
  but they should just make it possible for people to turn it down if they do n't want to do it . 
  i just said i did n't want to do it and was n't even called up for testing . 
  granted , that was the last year before they abolished it . 
   i just do n't see that happening at the moment . 
  me neither , they are even talking about it in interviews about how they will only choose willing people and stuff . 
  then what 's the reasoning for them not just making it completely voluntary ? 
  according to our current laws you can go to prison if you refuse . 
  these people wo n't , that 's only the professional soldiers . 
  but why should it be mandatory when they are n't taking in everyone ? 
  i could accept it if they actually conscripted everyone , but if you 're just going to choose 4000 or so then make it completely voluntary . 
  for the professional military it works like any other job . 
  school is free for everyone . 
  in conscription you get payed a bit , much less than a normal job . 
  also free housing , food and travels while you 're conscripted .
