  the average dane probably do n't understand scanian better than standard swedish . 
  only thing close to it in denmark is the dialect on bornholm . 
  a very small and not very serious one in scania . 
  0 % chance of doing anything . 
  mostly just joked about , both by the rest of sweden ( that they do n't want scania anyway ) or by the scanians themselves ( because they do n't like stockholm having all the power ) . 
  do n't think we have a `` main '' topic atm . 
  last week for a few days there was a lot about our military and russia , but now it 's back to the usual . 
  on svt 's newspage right now : a murder , ice hockey , child abuse ( ? 
  ) , someone famous died , hospital has problems , political prison in egypt , garbage dump fire , football , etc. 
  generally there 's always some murder story , even if there has n't been a new one ( people like reading that for some reason ) . 
  and lots of reports about our police , hospitals , schools and so on not being able to or just not doing their jobs . 
  we tend to divide dialects along the borders of our [ traditional provinces ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/provinces_of_sweden ) , but that is n't a very good description of reality . 
  i should speak some sort of `` blekingska '' , but that is really not a single dialect , that 's just a name for all the different dialects that happens to exist inside the borders of blekinge , and it 's even worse in larger provinces . 
  anyway , this entire region of southern sweden : sk\u00e5ne / scania , blekinge and halland used to be danish , even though the population was forced to learn swedish in the 17th century we still retain fairly unique dialects because of that . 
  especially sk\u00e5nska ( scanian ) is often looked down upon by the rest of sweden , commonly thought of as the ugliest of all the dialects , and it 's often stereotypically used when portraying farmers for example . 
  it 's definitely not seen as any sort of `` intellectual '' dialect . 
  the dialectal differences are mostly in pronunciation , we do n't have the `` rolling '' r ( not rolling , but i do n't know what it 's called ) of more northerly dialects , and a lot of the long vowels in standard swedish are pronounced like diphthongs instead . 
  this and a bunch of other differences makes the dialect sound more `` guttural '' ( i guess ? ), 
  than standard swedish , and more like danish ( but still far off from that ) . 
  but there are also some unique words in the region , a lot of them in common with danish instead of swedish . 
  i do n't speak with that much of a dialect , especially not compared to some people in sk\u00e5ne , but it 's still very noticeable by people from other parts of sweden . 
  i think if you speak with a heavy scanian accent people from stockholm or further north could actually have quite a lot of trouble understanding you , but for most people there is n't any problem , we just speak a bit different but still understandable . 
  [ funny radio clip about different scanian dialects ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wc3-aypla6i ) , i guess impossible to understand for non-swedish speakers , but whatever . 
  [ shortcut to the worst one ] ( https://youtu.be/wc3-aypla6i?t=55 ), 
  we have our extremely cheesy [ `` dansband '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dansband ) ( [ example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwwd96mas98 ) ) , dance music essentially , popular with older people . 
  it is heavily influenced by country . 
  i do n't know about people listening to much american country music , but i could imagine those sort of people doing it . 
   i am curious as to how scandinavians perceive english . 
  a really well known foreign language  would you ever want english to be official in your home country ? 
  do n't care what 's official . 
  i do n't even know what an `` official language '' means . 
   also , do you wish your mother language was more used , or that there was more media in it ? 
  swedish is already pretty much the only language used here , everyone is assumed to know it unless you 're just visiting or whatever . 
  just because we all know english does n't mean we have stopped speaking swedish . 
  immigrants have always been learning swedish and will probably continue doing so for the foreseeable future . 
  there are minority languages , but swedish is the `` lingua franca '' ( or whatever it 's called within a country ) everywhere . 
  more media is always better , but i feel like swedish is still going strong even on that front , svt ( our bbc ) are still doing fine for example , and swedish movies continues to be made , even / r/sweden on reddit is doing great . 
  music is the only thing that i really wish there were more swedish in , i appreciate lyrics much more in swedish than in english . 
  ( but we probably still have more good music in swedish than most other smaller languages , but there can always be more ) english is overall just more media on top of what we already have , i do n't feel like it 's really taking over anything . 
  -- what we do get is tons of english loanwords . 
  but that has always been going on , first with german , then with french , and now english , nothing bad about that . 
  our most touristy cities also tend to be the ones most worth seeing ( stockholm and visby for example ) . 
  so not sure what a good answer to this question is . 
  gothenburg for example is nice enough , but if you just want to visit a swedish city then stockholm is almost certainly a better choice . 
  and none of our cities really have that much of a problem with tourists , so it 's not like the amount of tourists around will have a very negative impact on you regardless of where you go . 
  it definitely has a danish vibe . 
  not sure how touristy it is normally , only been there in autumn , and very few tourists then from what i saw . 
  if your grandparents or parents where of our nationality it 's fine , then you at least have a tangential connection . 
  but if it was like 4-5 generations back no one gives a shit . 
  imagine someone going just out of the blue saying `` my great great great grandfather was from new york too ! '', 
  when talking to a new yorker . 
  even worse if they then went on to claim that they practically are a new yorker themselves just because of that . 
  if you have a reason to talk about it it 's obviously fine . 
  like someone introducing themselves as a swedish-american when writing something on / r/sweden to explain why they are interested in the country or whatever . 
  just do n't act as if it makes you special , because it really does n't . 
  and if it was n't clear , having `` swedish genes '' does n't make you swedish at all , that 's not how it works here . 
  the two things you really need is to live or have lived in the country for a considerable amount of time , and speak the language . 
  if you do n't have both of those you 're not swedish . 
  genetics has nothing to do with it . 
  and it 's a bit weird that some americans do n't understand that considering it works very similarly in your country . 
   is it really a crisis ? 
  it 's not more of a `` crisis '' here than in the rest of europe . 
  that 's just what people call the whole thing . 
   did really anything bad happen because of all that ? 
  every country handled it differently . 
  lots of things have happened because of it . 
  the stupid thing in this case is how our government really did n't want to deal with any of it , just continued on as always and hoped things would fix themselves . 
  even when we could barely house the people coming here they were like `` it 'll be fine '' , or something like that . 
  you can have lots of different opinions on how many people we should take in and all that , and what it will do to our country and so on . 
  but i think almost everyone agrees , regardless of their opinion on that , that our government did n't handle it well at the start of the crisis . 
  being very naive about the whole immigrant crisis thing , and trusting the eu to figure shit out . 
  that 's not * the * stupidest thing `` my country '' has done . 
  but it is a recent fairly stupid thing . 
  stupidest is probably [ trying to invade russia during the coldest winter of the past 500 years ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_invasion_of_russia ) . 
  but that was a while back . 
  also [ that time when we lost half our country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_war ) ... 
   but danzig , dorpat , reval are all easier than gdansk , tartu and tallinn in swedish swedish used danzig , dorpat and reval too , but they changed after ww2 i think . 
  just fyi . 
  overall we use very similar names as german for foreign places ( usually we just copy the germans ) . 
  do n't think there is a single german town that has a special name in swedish either , everyone can more or less pronounce the native names . 
  so that 's pretty cool . 
  ( we say `` rhen '' instead of `` rhein '' ( the river ) , but that 's about it i think ) i use stettin as well btw , i think that 's even and accepted name in swedish . 
  -- looking into this some more . 
  it looks like we used almost all of the german names before ww2 , even things like warschau . 
  but then we changed almost all of them after the war to the `` native '' names . 
  i think the problem is that we 've more or less killed off most wildlife on this continent . 
  there are still interesting pockets left in certain places , like bialowieza , but there 's not that many different things to make a program about . 
  i have seen one documentary from scotland i think . 
  and i think one or a few from northern scandinavia as well . 
  i 'm sure there are others produced in other countries . 
  but it 's not exactly the most interesting place when wildlife is concerned . 
  hope you 'll find some things though . 
  from a dane , really ? 
  you always carry a knife around and are likely to stab people . 
  also alcoholics . 
  but more seriously : holy shit you are crazy in saunas . 
  i mean there are different tolerance levels to heat among swedes as well , but then some finn enters and is in just a totally different league . 
  well , the main thing when choosing courses is to make sure you 're allowed to apply to the university program you want in the first place . 
  if you want to do engineering you need lots of maths and physics for example , biology if you 're trying to become a doctor , and so on . 
  other than that just studying as hard as possible will get you most of the way to almost any program , no need for the extra points .
