  but one with average temperatures would also be interesting . 
  but it has the same sort of problem if a country has a very cold area where no one lives , it still drags down the average . 
  i bet he 's trying to steal all our beautiful women ; _ ;, 
  that 's interesting . 
  i guess specifically in that field then ? 
  ( oil or whatever ) from what i 've heard we generally need pretty much all kinds of engineers here in sweden . 
  but yeah , what you described with lots of differences between different professions is true here as well . 
  we are in real need of healthcare workers and teachers for example , but general unemployment levels are still high because people are n't educated for those jobs , or at all . 
  any basic job that requires no education is really hard to get pretty much , except possibly the basic healthcare jobs , because people just do n't want to do them and they do n't get payed well at all . 
   for engineers the situation is pretty bad these days except for municipal or construction . 
  bad as in it 's hard to find a job , or is it hard to find workers ? 
   we would n't last a week if they decided to do this and the benefits would be immense in a larger war scenario . 
  we would not be able to stop an invasion . 
  but i think we would be able to make a complete occupation seriously bothersome , and cost a lot of resources . 
  generally swedes are very pacifistic , but i really do think that occupation of sweden itself would push a lot of people over the line . 
  especially considering how bad of a shape everything would be if russia occupied us , there would be no imports whatsoever and people would probably be starving in not too long . 
  people would get seriously pissed off . 
  they would at most occupy a few strategic locations , not the entire country , there 's just very little point to that . 
  and at the same time , if they just took a few locations , while our military might not be very big , they could certainly cause quite a bit of trouble , especially if they leave us be for a while and we have access to outside resources , which we probably would in the case of a larger war . 
   considering how weak sweden currently is this would be a cheap but effective strategy against nato interference . 
  i do n't think occupying any part of mainland sweden would in any way be cheap . 
  gotland is possible , sure , but not much more than that . 
  [ sort of tried something similar later ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_war_in_poland_\\ ( 1704 % e2 % 80 % 9306 \\ ) ) , added poland and russia to the pot as well , but invading russia during the winter put a stop to that . 
  ( [ coldest winter ever recorded on top of that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_frost_of_1709 ) ), 
  if only gotland was attacked nothing much would happen , since the russians could pretty much just take it without any resistance apart from possibly the local population . 
  it would be occupied in less than a day without anyone being able to do much about it . 
  what 's uncertain is what would happen after that . 
  in finlands case there would be actual fighting since they have a considerable military presence on their border . 
  a direct invasion of mainland sweden is seriously unlikely , and would n't have much point to it , it 's not as if swedes would just happily live under russian occupation , and it hardly has much strategic value for russia . 
  not at a picnic . 
  but we have to make do i guess . 
  it was sort of our thing though . 
  a huge amount of swedish military victories were won in the middle of winter , usually by surprising the enemy by marching long distances when they had already gone into winter camp and stuff like that . 
  i guess it worked very well in denmark , poland and germany . 
  but when we try it in norway and russia it 's not as successful . 
  although , possibly swedens biggest battle victory ever was [ won against russia largely thanks to a blizzard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_narva_\\ ( 1700 \\ ) ) . 
  also , the army at the time was n't great with retreats , constant offence was pretty much all they did . 
  usually that was enough but when they were finally defeated it hit them hard . 
  they are debating over lingonberry jam , meatball sandwiches and beetroot sallad . 
  although i 've tried to steer them onto the right track with some cinnamon buns , sticky chocolate cake , strawberries , and some proper swedish coffee . 
  tissen 's rhubarb pie is not a bad idea either . 
  we have to turn this into a proper `` fika '' , no need to eat us when we 're done , you should be full of sweets already . 
  any day off is an excuse to drink :p i think it 's still like that , but it 's not exactly something you notice , there 's not that many of them around . 
  speaking of which , we should totally start up the good old protestant fanaticism again . 
  go kill some germans and all that . 
  but maybe not [ invade russia during the coldest winter ever recorded ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_frost_of_1709 ) this time ... other than that it should be fine . 
  you guys can be on our side this time , it 'll go much better :d, 
  they might not take independence and all the things we have here as much for granted as we natives do , maybe they find it more worth celebrating . 
  you are in a similar situation to us swedes , we do n't have some great independence or revolution to celebrate : / they tried making an official national day here . 
  they chose 6th of june , which is both some important day to do with our constitution , and the day gustav vasa got our independence from you lot . 
  ( which also brought us some pretty tyrannical monarchs and almost constant wars , so yeah . . ) ( we should totally reinstitute the elective monarchy btw ... ) either way , almost no one celebrates it . 
  apparently it 's fairly popular with immigrants , and there 's some speech by the king and stuff like that , but most people do n't go out of their way to do stuff more than they would on any other work-free day . 
   if anyone knows , feel free to enlighten me . 
  denmark sort of had a constitution before 1849 , but it basically just gave their monarch absolute power , which is n't exactly very `` constitutional '' . 
  1849 was when they transitioned into a constitutional monarchy so that 's when the first real constitution was written . 
  norway wrote their constitution for the same reason many other countries did , they wanted to become independent . 
  it only partly succeeded though , sweden invaded the same year and forced them into a personal union under the swedish king . 
  but at least they got to keep most of their constitution , and eventually got their real independence 90 years later . 
  copenhagen and malm\u00f6 might not be the best example of the eus open borders . 
  sweden only joined the union in 95 , but the open borders had been in place between nordic countries since 52 . 
  it is unlikely that the open borders between denmark and sweden would be permanently abandoned no matter what happens to the eu . 
   they may deport people on welfare can you get welfare in the uk without being a citizen ? 
  nah , but they are a nordic language . 
  obama and putin definitely . 
  then i 'm not sure . 
  the pope is certainly well known , but i 'm not sure how many keep track of the current one , might just refer to him as `` the pope '' and not think more about it . 
  merkel is well known too by anyone who cares about politics , but not in the same way as obama or putin who pretty much everyone knows about ( even a lot of kids would know about them for example ) . 
  kim jong-un too , similar to the pope , a lot of people know about the guy in north korea from all the news about it , but might not know very much about him specifically . 
  same thing with other dictators like that , saddam for example when he was still around . 
  fidel castro too . 
  then after that it 's really hard to tell , whoever is in the news a lot at the moment , like erdogan . 
  and some other european leaders like cameron and hollande . 
  the prime ministers of our nordic neighbours too possibly , even though i do n't personally know much about them i 'm guessing people who follow traditional media more might be exposed to them more . 
  edit : assad too , same as erdogan , in the news a lot , especially relevant since we have a lot of syrians here . 
  slavic identity is almost completely derived from their shared language family , since there 's not much else unifying them . 
  and romanian is not a slavic language , it 's that simple . 
  and they all have danish citizenship , and i think they all speak danish too . 
  so yeah , if most jobs suddenly disappeared up there i think a large portion of them would just move . 
  i try to avoid it at all costs . 
  people sit at home with family and friends and watch it because they think it 's a fun show . 
  what 's so hard to understand about that ? 
  i just personally find the hype around it irritating , and i tend to get tired of that type of music after a couple of songs , so i just do n't watch it . 
  their government would probably collapse . 
  who knows what the end results might be . 
  i think a lot of greenlanders would just move to mainland denmark at that point too . 
  sweden has just had a gradual democratisation of the monarchy since the 18th century . 
  we had gustav iii reinstate absolutism for a couple of years in the late 18th century but other than that there has n't been anything significant happening . 
  but i have recently read a bit about [ salazar 's portugal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estado_novo_\\ ( portugal \\ ) ) , i found that pretty fascinating , the colonial wars and all that . 
  maybe it 's generally well known , but at least i had n't heard about it until recently . 
  [ we 've just always been working out a lot and doing lots of sports ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/ebs/ebs_412_en.pdf ) . 
  but there are still people who do n't give a shit and they are as fat as anywhere . 
  we vikings are n't that good at it anymore , we 've been weakened by the state monopoly and insanely high taxes on alcohol . 
  people have been civilised and started drinking wine and stuff instead of good old br\u00e4nnvin . 
  and btw , there 's no doubt that the russians and finns would be the last ones standing in that competition . 
  we could probably compete with the island people , but no way we 'd come close to you easterners . 
  i do n't give a fuck what muslims or any religious people believe in . 
  not more than any other personal values anyway . 
  religious traditions in itself does n't justify anything , that 's just an empty argument . 
  someone not wanting to eat tomatoes because they do n't like them is just as valid an argument as someone not eating pork because they are muslim , for example . 
  i 'm fine with either of these , but that one of them is because of religious beliefs is irrelevant .
