   get it is small quantities , multiple times a week ? 
  yes , that 's the way me and many other people do it at least . 
  although you could just use your car once a week to go shopping , and whenever else you really need it . 
  the main `` problem '' in cities is people who go to and from work every day in their cars . 
  specifically for shopping you could also buy your food from one of those company that delivers to your door , if you have those . 
  last time i heard they were n't much more expensive ( if at all ) than buying from the shop as long as you did big orders . 
  maybe that 's not what they measured in the rankings ? 
  `` quality of roads '' can mean lots of things . 
  all northern countries has the problem with potholes . 
  repeated freezing and thawing does that . 
   which i know is some 50 km from one end to the other . 
  copenhagen is only about 20km at it 's `` widest '' . 
  if you 're living in the outskirts it 's still not much more than 10km to the city centre , which is a perfectly fine biking distance . 
  to save the environment and all that . 
  also most people do n't want to live or be near car traffic if it can be avoided . 
  very noisy ,, 
  [ mhm ] ( https://youtu.be/i-4p9be2sr4?t=1m41s ), 
  it 's `` log '' because of the fortifications that was on the island , made from logs . 
  so it 's one of the few ones on this map that actually has the correct `` translation '' . 
  stockholm should n't be on the map then , only 1,5 in the urban area . 
  2,2 in metro . 
  similar with valencia . 
  all of them are literal translations . 
  for most of them that is n't what the name originally meant , but it is actually right for some of them : ore mountain , east sound , eagle shield bay , log islet , troll bonnet , falcon mountain . 
  a lot of these are n't the actual meaning , it 's supposed to be entertaining , not accurate . 
   also apparently domestic violence on women in the circle of friends or family is four times more common in sweden than in italy . 
  or maybe people are 4 times more likely to talk about it in sweden than in italy ? 
   i would guess that if you look at the subreddits of smaller regions and cities within some of the larger countries , the rate of subscription would be much higher . 
  doubt it . 
  the national subreddits that are popular are default subreddits in those countries ( which is why germany is low for example , they have no default ) . 
  very few people would be bothered to go look up subreddits for their cities or regions . 
  and the countries with the most subscribers on this map are the ones which are the most common on the english speaking part of the internet . 
  norway and finland have alternative subreddits to the ones op linked , which at least partly explains their low numbers ( compared to similar countries ) . 
  same is true with a lot of countries if you look further up in the thread , germany , poland and spain for example . 
  do n't have any data unfortunately except for sweden , i 'm pretty sure / r/gothenburg is the biggest per capita , but still lower than / r/sweden . 
  [ sweden sends their regards too ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x5bkjrs.jpg ) interesting optical illusion there btw , looks like the camera is tilted because of how the streets are n't parallel . 
  lots of different types of moraines look similar , eskers refers to specifically the ones formed from glacial streams . 
  end moraines can look similar for example , but they form at the edge of the glacier , not below it . 
  but yeah , sounds like it 's the same thing . 
  they are not usually as pronounced as his picture . 
   what are they called in the lands where they occur ? 
  rolling-rock-ridge or if you want to be funny , rolling-rock-sauce . 
  you italians always make me so jealous with these posts :(, 
  reminds me of [ driving past link\u00f6ping on the e4 ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/@58.4459559,15.7269923,3a,75y,116.85h,95.16t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1suvjss5zyuztzionk2g5qya!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ) . 
  was always super exited as a kid to see the fighter jets :d, 
  typical northern europe  that picture could easily be somewhere in sweden . 
  cool seeing stuff from belarus though , does n't happen often . 
  and halland and blekinge , do n't forget about us . 
  gotland too sort of , but i 'm pretty sure they would n't like denmark . 
  in the same way there are danish parts in sweden . 
  would still matter , if companies decide to invest in britain or move away from there or that sort of stuff . 
  it has been that way for ages , it 's nothing new . 
  i was under the impression that the eu treaties are n't actually 100 % clear on how things would work if an eu nation was attacked by an outside threat ? 
  ( which is why i put `` explicit '' in there ) either way , my conclusion was sort of that it does n't matter , since the only `` realistic '' scenario were sweden is attacked would be either in combination with , or in preparation for an attack on one of our neighbours as well . 
   would sweden intervene ? 
  yes . 
  the question is how much . 
  probably quite a lot , since our population would be in support of that . 
  ( at least surveys say they are ) no way we would just sit and look on . 
   does sweden have formal alliances with any countries ? 
  no explicit ones . 
  we are definitely working together with nato , we are part of their training and stuff in the baltic . 
  but we are not a member yet , because most of our population does not want that . 
  a lot of political parties do though . 
   my guess is that if sweden was attacked by russia tomorrow , the u.s would respond with military force , despite the fact that they are not a part of nato . 
  doubt it . 
  they would most certainly help , at least by sending materiel and stuff , but i do n't think they would put any troops on the ground . 
  either way , if sweden gets attacked somehow it will only be our island in the middle of the baltic , and when that 's taken it 's done . 
  russia has absolutely no reason to invade the swedish mainland unless they are also at war with surrounding countries , and even then it 's unlikely . 
  and they do n't really have a reason to take gotland either unless they plan to start a war elsewhere around there , so either way other countries will be involved ( and most likely nato ) . 
  only other non-nato country in the area is finland , and again , russia has extremely little reason to attack them . 
  it was a joke :(, 
  hey !, 
  keep us out of this , we are neutral !, 
  its n\u00e5tt ao\u00e4r f\u00e5lt jo kant spik pr\u00e5pper inglitj . 
   your recoloured version is perfect not mine , someone else posted it further up , just thought you should see it . 
  and as i said , normally it would be fine , but in this specific case we already have such clearly defined colours that there 's not much choice . 
  do n't feel bad :p, 
  would normally not be a big problem , but the red/blue for left/right in politics is almost universally used with everything in all of europe . 
  people are extremely used to it , so not following it messes with out brains , especially considering you used almost the same scale but backwards . 
  ( centre can be yellow or whatever though , that 's not as important ) http://i.imgur.com/oxvtdyj.jpg is better, 
   the only one i 've noticed is kings head at andra l\u00e5nggatan you can pay by card in kings head . 
  but not in kellys , they do have an atm in the bar though , haha . 
   nowadays , if a pizzeria / hairdresser etc. 
  only takes cash it 'd be pretty strange . 
  i 'd assume they are cheating on their taxes or something . 
  my hairdresser only takes cash , and same with most ones i 've been to in the past few years , i only really go to the really cheap ones though so they might be evading taxes for sure , i do get a receipt at least . 
  i ca n't remember exactly what other places do n't take cards , but there are a few i 've been to , it 's why i always keep some cash with me , because i do actually have to use it sometimes . 
  it 's always the really small businesses . 
  using the cash you already have and borrowing from your friends would work though . 
  i do n't think cash is necessary , but you have to admit it has some positive side to it . 
  there are bars , cafes , pizzerias and stuff like that in gothenburg that only takes cash . 
  hairdressers too , so probably some other stuff . 
   now what if your country would be a completely cashless society and banks would increase the fee to 15 % just because they can ? 
  well the idea is that we have laws preventing them from doing that . 
  or if we do n't we make those laws to stop them from doing that . 
  sure it relies on us having a somewhat functioning government , but a lot of things in our society relies on that . 
  but would n't work if your account was shut down . 
  just get a friend to pay for you . 
  is what i would do , is what i did actually when my card stopped working .
