  that said , if a swede and an estonian would speak to each other back then ( which was our example ) , german would probably be the likely shared language outside of diplomatic communications or whatever ( that 's actually how we communicated with a non-english speaking bus driver there a few years back ) . 
  so your point is still valid , french was n't an exact equivalent to english as a lingua franca . 
  what did you do about the countries with more than one subreddit ? 
  / r/norway / r/norge for example ? 
  or did i misunderstand what this map is about ? 
  not sure how to interpret your title . 
  or \u00c4\u00d6 , which use umlauts , but are exactly the same letters as yours , so not fair including yours but not ours , especially when \u00cb is in there . 
  \u00c5 is just ao shortened , btw . 
  \u00d8 i have no idea how it came to be , but it can be used interchangeably with \u00d6 . 
  but anyway , it 's because they only use the `` standard '' script , if you read through this thread cyrillic would need to add a whole bunch of letters otherwise , and i 'm sure it 's the same with latin if you add all the different variants . 
   we are better off promoting birth control than throwing money at them . 
  promoting birth control costs money . 
  that is exactly the sort of thing i was meaning we should help them with , never said we should `` throw money at them '' whatever that means . 
  working with their governments to make it easier and safer for our companies to invest in their countries is another thing . 
  trying to minimise the damage we cause their economies as well , the eu farming subsidies for example . 
  we need to work together with them to resolve those sort of issues . 
  of course things like getting education and medicine to the worst off is important , but that 's not really the issues i 'm thinking about ( that only affect the absolutely poorest ) . 
   they are extremely far away from western levels of prosperity or opportunity . 
  they do n't need to get to our level to reduce the amount of people wanting to leave , it 's not either or . 
  right now in a lot of places it 's not even possible to rise to `` middle class '' or something like that . 
  essentially no career opportunities , creating that ( from foreign investment , most likely ) would help a lot with getting people to stay . 
  to be fair , during the last years of the colonies the europeans at least tried developing them a bit ( just were n't very good at it ) . 
  but that does n't exactly make up for the fact that a large reason they were in such a poor state to begin with was the previous decades of colonisation . 
  either way , i 'm a fan of democracy , ruling your own country and so on . 
  but that should n't stop other countries from helping you out . 
  we will help them out anyway . 
  when wages in asia rise enough manufacturing will most likely start trying to move to africa . 
  like how a lot of stuff has moved from china to vietnam and indonesia already , it will continue . 
  yes , of course , they were not even able to get here before . 
  if there would be realistic possibilities of getting a similar life in their home country then they would be a lot more likely to stay . 
  being better off does n't mean they are well off , or even could be if they stayed . 
  or we could help them build their own countries to live in . 
  it still does n't work in swedish , our `` i '' is not exactly the same as your `` in '' , and we do n't even have an `` into '' , we would probably just write `` to '' or something , depending on the word after . 
  `` out to space '' probably , but you ca n't `` out to england '' , so the sentence does n't work . 
  this is why mechanical translators are almost impossible to make , and swedish is really similar to english , imagine how bad it is with chinese or something . 
  translation : and poland can not in space or in england . 
  that does n't work either . 
  you need a better translator . 
  translation : the swedish is not stinking polish . 
  it does n't work , you 're talking about things , not people . 
  ( which i assume you were trying to do ? ), 
  * svenskar * and * polacker * are the words used for people from those countries . 
  it 's like that in plenty of languages . 
  well , you can call them hominids or stuff like that , of course , but i meant in normal speech . 
  riga ferry goes from stockholm , right ? 
  it 's closer for us down south to drive to germany than stockholm . 
  but we have plenty of ferries to poland , germany and even lithuania down here if we want to go places . 
  i 'm sure riga is nice too though . 
  that ferry takes 10 hours , and i think it 's fairly expensive . 
  only really worth it if you 're going to poland anyway . 
  it 's a decent weekend trip though , so it 's definitely an alternative . 
  but i 'm pretty sure driving to germany is a cheaper and faster alternative . 
  i think i 'll be fine , feel like i should worry more about what i eat than that . 
  usually one time in the morning and one in the afternoon in school , maybe at lunch too depending on how much i 've been drinking . 
  no way i can hold it for 10 hours unless i dehydrate myself . 
  and if i 'm out drinking i tend to go quite a lot , do n't use soap then either . 
  the islands have about 30 000 inhabitants , and you can only get there by ferry . 
  while they do actually have a small university , i suspect it 's mostly for education , not research . 
  but yeah , should n't really surprise anyone that they do n't really have any researchers . 
  it would be the same in many other places if the regions did n't include any real population centers or universities for example . 
  only reason it 's not included with any other region is because it 's autonomous and has a special status within finland ( due to the majority swedish speaking population ) . 
   because i have the common sense to piss and shit before leaving the house . 
  not as easy when you spend most of your day away from your house like ( i assume ) most people . 
  then you got ta figure out how the soap dispenser works and stuff , takes a while longer , it also often looks really nasty , makes me feel less clean than if i just used water , have to touch less stuff then . 
  the swedish ministries does n't even have any proper logos :( i think they just use different versions of [ this ] ( http://handelsdagarna.sasse.se/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/regeringskansliet-main.png ) from what i 've seen when googling ( just change the text ) , but they do n't have any logos at all on the government 's website . 
  possibly because they do all their work through other agencies , but i assume it is like that in other countries too . 
  except the ministry of defence , which has it 's own [ coat of arms ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e1/f%c3%b6rsvarsdepartementet_vapen.svg ) . 
  apparently not . 
  that was sort of my point . 
  we had a woman leading the social democrats ( our largest party ) in the 2010 elections for example , but people did n't like her so she lost the election . 
  we have n't even had a female prime minister yet . 
  can start there i guess . 
  yes , but they where called the rus , or things similar to that . 
  russia even , by the greeks i think . 
   nobody says that though ? 
  op did . 
   macedonian empire is n't modern macedonia it was called macedonia even back then , that 's why we still call it that , the name says very little about it 's connection to modern macedonia . 
  people do n't call the roman empire italy . 
  they do n't call the eastern roman empire/byzantine empire greece , and definitely not turkey . 
  they do n't call the aztec empire mexico . 
  you call kievan rus kievan rus ( or just `` rus '' , or something else like that ) , because that is it 's name . 
  you do n't call it ukraine because that is definitely not it 's name . 
  well he is from sm\u00e5land , there 's a stereotype about people from there being very frugal ( hard working too ) . 
   his money is `` hidden '' away and no one really knows how much he has . 
  as in , it 's hard to tell how much of ikea 's wealth he controls himself ( because of holding companies and stuff ) . 
  we know how much ikea is worth . 
  why do not more people try getting rid of him early ? 
  maybe i just do n't see it on the news here , but it seemed that many of the protests just died down not long after he assumed office . 
   america 's fall is going to be very fast and very frightening . 
  hopefully it will just be donald trump 's fall , and not all of the us . 
  sweden was pretty self sufficient at this point i think . 
  but farmers were earning more money by selling to the germans for example , so we were close to famine at some point anyway . 
  the coastline is moving by as much as a few meters every year in some places up there . 
  the house was built more inland , maybe even past the dunes you see to the left . 
  there are entire villages swallowed by the sea along the coast there . 
  the sand is picked up by the sea and transported along the shore towards the tip , which is steadily built up , while the rest of the coast is eroded . 
  in a few thousand years ( not sure on the exact speed ) they will more or less connect with the swedish mainland on the other side . 
  it 's a very slow invasion plan if you ask me . 
  [ google maps link for the lazy ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/@57.6598795,10.4465466,31746m/data=!3m1!1e3?hl=en ), 
  yeah , do n't mean this as one way of life being * better * than the other .
