  we have had [ open borders and free movement within the nordic countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_passport_union ) since the 50s . 
  so most of swedens borders did n't change at all as far as i know . 
  we have ferries going to other countries , but i 'm too young to remember how it was pre schengen . 
  ( we have ferries to russia , estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , germany , and used to have to england ), 
   the pages for visas and stamps in the passport feature stylised drawings of our largest cities in the same style as the design on the cover [ looks like sim city or something ] ( http://www.jansvenungsson.com/talk_images/norrkoping.jpg ), 
  do n't think we have any text like that , at least i ca n't find it in mine . 
  norway . 
  very high wages , same language , less unemployment . 
  lots of swedes already go there to work . 
  if scandinavia is too obvious . 
  probably france , just because i like the country , no rational reason really , haha . 
  i remember doing online tests about which city in the world would be best for me to live in , and i always got wien . 
  so supposedly austria is nice , but i have n't really been there much except when passing through . 
  i 'm sure germany would work fine as well for me . 
  come to think of it , this is also a list of countries i would like to just travel more to . 
  so maybe if i spend more time there i would n't necessarily feel the same way , who knows . 
  two problems : 1 . 
  getting a stable job 2 . 
  getting some place to live 1 is solved by getting an education which allows you to do work that is needed . 
  uneducated workers are mostly out of luck though . 
  2 is more complicated . 
  especially when paired with 1 . 
  most jobs are in the bigger cities , but the bigger cities have no available housing . 
  so you either stay in your small town with no jobs available or you move to the cities where the jobs are but you do n't have any place to live . 
  we do n't really have problems with low paying jobs or that sort of thing , it 's all about lack of available jobs and housing . 
  and getting an education is n't a problem either , it 's mostly free and the benefits and loans are enough for you to live comfortably , the loans have good rates too so not all that terrible . 
  although the housing problem affects students too , but student housing is a bit easier to get , so if you plan ahead a year or two it should n't be too much of an issue . 
  either way the problems are more structural faults in our system than economical . 
  if you manage to get a stable job you 're perfectly fine . 
  it 's getting to that point that is the hard part . 
  teacher and books taught british english , but we were allowed to use american spelling if we were consistent ( and it was pointed out often where there was differences , so we effectively got taught both ) . 
  teacher did n't care much about accent as long as we did n't pronounce things straight up wrong . 
  most people have slight american ( usually west coast ) accents that they picked up from movies and such . 
  when our invasions are finished , yes . 
  might as well start learning your new language already . 
  that 's just the danes . 
  and you spelled it wrong . 
  i bet they will join willingly if we 're going east . 
  what about them ? 
  got ta return russia to their rightful owners first . 
  denmark and norway can deal with you guys . 
  well , yeah , but that 's not really that bad . 
  invading finland 70 years ago is worse than that . 
  and then the whole cold war thing . 
  ( it 's really all about [ poltava ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_poltava ) ... ), 
  we do . 
  take away our democracy and we are basically just vikings . 
  and then you want us to have guns too ? 
  it 's not gon na end well ... 
  i 'm from blekinge , would n't mind being part of denmark really , but i 'm not sure if it 's really necessary . 
  would be easier with a new kalmar union instead . 
  but a bit more democratic this time , you know . 
  what about blekinge and halland ? 
  there is a bridge you know . 
  \u00d6resund is only about 4km across at it 's narrowest point too . 
  not a direct neighbour , but we share the baltic sea with them . 
  and i really like all our direct neighbours , so could n't choose one from them . 
  i do n't have much contact with russians , had a neighbour who was russian , he was alright , did n't talk much . 
  but anyway , can only really comment on my perception of their state , not the people . 
  it 's fairly obvious why i do n't particularly like them , they are currently swedens only military threat , and have literally threatened us too ( bluffing , but still ) . 
  their current politics is pretty much the polar opposite of swedens current politics too . 
  and the fact that i otherwise have very little contact with them ( unlike all our other neighbours ) makes them by far my least favourite . 
  they do n't look at it much more than that they want to help people . 
  they see syrian refugees having a hard time and think that we should take care of them . 
  and it 's not like our country is unable to take care of them , at least if our politicians got off their asses and did something about the housing situation . 
  it would just be a terrible idea economically to take in many more than we already have . 
  but those people do n't tend to care about the economy , human lives are more important or something like that . 
  that 's the main reason why . 
  extremely varied . 
  peoples attitudes are all over the spectrum , so that question is pretty impossible to answer . 
  and there is n't a majority either way . 
  some people want us to take in more of them , some do n't care , some want to take in no more at all , some want to deport most of the ones we already have . 
  i 'm sure some want to kill them too . 
  we have all sorts . 
  as if any swede would maintain eye contact with a stranger , especially one acting like an idiot . 
  one good thing about us is that we are often relatively adaptive when we visit some other place , we at least try doing things like the natives do it . 
  but yeah , we can have some trouble dealing with certain situations . 
  most apparent whenever we would normally have to queue for something back home , but in a lot of places people just pile on and you have to almost fight your way forward . 
  some bars have it , but it 's not super common . 
  it 's common in schools and such though . 
  you can do most things without any serious consequences , people are too polite/embarrassed to confront strangers about most things . 
  but a few thing that i think makes swedes especially angry compared to most other countries . 
  do n't be very loud , not in public , in a restaurant or anywhere really . 
  we wo n't tell you to shut up , too polite for that i guess , but pretty much everyone will hate you . 
  always leave space for others , and form a queue when appropriate , we ca n't really deal with people not doing that , and will become very frustrated if you do n't , and probably fairly passive aggressive as well . 
  do what 's easiest for everyone , not just for yourself , even if they are all strangers . 
  this applies to public transport for example , if there are empty seat rows , do n't sit right next to a stranger , leave them plenty of space . 
  [ this sometimes creates weird situations like this ] ( https://prettyvibe.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/g2dqgr5.jpg ) , but that 's the way we do things . 
  however , unlike the common stereotype , it 's often okey to talk with strangers , as long as you have something to talk about most people do n't mind at all . 
  and if they do then you 'll probably notice it and you can just stop , it 's not like everyone around you will hate you for it , no big deal , just a bit awkward , but it 's fine . 
  you can probably do that in sweden , people will just pretend you do n't exist and it never happened , would be embarrassing confronting a stranger like that . 
  but we would all secretly think you 're mentally ill or on drugs or something like that . 
   even though we technically are n't an island . 
  we and norway were practically an island for a long time though . 
  but the bridge sort of changed that . 
  about as much as i feel `` human '' . 
  i am a citizen of the eu though , so i guess yes , but not anywhere near like how i feel swedish or scandinavian . 
   how do you think the people around you in your life , at work , on the streets etc. 
  feel about a european identity ? 
  i think most people see it as purely geographic , we are from europe .
