  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bratt_system systembolaget has encouraged wine drinking for a long time now , which is why we are so high on this list . 
  otherwise there would have been more beer and liquor . 
  sweden , germany and probably a few others would drop off the list though . 
  systembolaget ( state owned alcohol monopoly ) in sweden has been encouraging wine drinking for years now . 
  we used to drink mostly vodka and beer but since wine was seen as more of a `` social '' drink than a `` get drunk as fuck '' drink it was pushed a lot to decrease alcohol consumption . 
  and all the cool kids drink wine , to seem sophisticated or whatever . 
  also , this does n't count home made wine , which at least sweden has basically none , but the mediterranean countries does a lot . 
  there are technically a few vineyards in sweden . 
  but yeah , pretty much . 
  most of europe . 
  the ruhr area is probably the best comparison to detroit . 
  but we just handled it so much better so none of these cities in europe got as fucked up as detroit . 
  same thing with my city , gothenburg , major port , old industrial hub , but has declined a lot now and has relatively high crime rate and gangs ( by swedish standards ) . 
  but it 's still basically nothing compared to similar us cities that got much more fucked up because of it . 
  did n't know helsinkis entire economy relied on oil . 
  gothenburg = pittsburgh old industrial town , decent sized port , on a big river , both cities built on hills , similar name , second largest city in the state ( philadelphia/stockholm ) . 
  pittsburgh lack the coast and archipelago of gothenburg though , and the industries were n't the same , pittsburgh probably matches better with sheffield for example . 
  [ they work fine as normal windows too . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9mqvkgw.jpg ) they are fairly easy to clean because you can flip them around to clean the outside . 
  obviously if the window opens inwards that 's not a problem either . 
  think i 've only seen [ these kinds of windows ] ( http://www.erafonster.se/_assets/img/produkter/evf.jpg ) in swedish homes . 
  [ or these ] ( http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4125/5035000260_2326ed21af.jpg ) ( either inward or outward ) , especially in old houses . 
  but i 'm usually not looking at the windows when i 'm visiting people so a fairly small sample size . 
  fyi , that 's basically how most nordic houses are built too . 
  pretty sure they are n't known for being flimsy . 
  nothing wrong with the technique itself , it 's about how thick you make the walls and that sort of stuff . 
  would n't exactly say `` none of the risk '' . 
  but you 're probably right that it 's fairly safe for her considering she 's finnish ( i assume ) . 
   he should target the one group within his society that may actually harm him . 
  which is ? 
  and why ? 
  i do n't think the goal here is to get hurt . 
  ah , yes , should have thought of that . 
  also shortened as `` kuk '' , which swedes find a bit funny . 
  it would be in the top 5 in every period except the 1330s too . 
   k&k countries ? 
  and aside from the nordic countries i think germany feels the most familiar for all swedes . 
  edit : and i think only a small part ( only within sk\u00e5ne ) would feel closest to denmark . 
  i grew up like 2 hours from copenhagen and i still somehow feel closer to finland or norway ( not in every way though ) . 
  denmark feels much more influenced by the continent ( mostly germany ) than the other nordic countries . 
  but maybe that 's just me . 
  how to categorise different species and that sort of stuff . 
  originally made by estonians , i think . 
  there were a swede and dane involved in at least skype , but not sure how much of the development they were responsible for . 
  i had no idea , been eating m\u00fcsli for breakfast my entire life . 
  assumed it was german because of the \u00fc . 
  pretty sure there is n't any swiss branding in sweden . 
  candy crush :(, 
  nothing wrong with actual sustainable hunting . 
  unless the whales are actually endangered in some way there really should n't be a problem . 
  it 's really much better to kill and eat wild animals than it is captured ones , as long as you do n't overdo the killing . 
  the same animal rights activists and what not are also campaigning for `` better '' conditions for farm animals and stuff . 
  guess what ? 
  wild animals have pretty much as good conditions as they can get . 
  [ that 's a badass picture right there ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/b6/a2/e9/b6a2e9923fda4dedb7d95f1a59f8612a.jpg ) , haha . 
  we ca n't let the japanese kill all the whales by themselves , good thing you 're lending a hand . 
  i 'm aware of you guys , do n't worry , you 're just easily forgettable in a larger group . 
  the pictures and videos i 've seen of your islands look really beautiful btw . 
  looks a lot like iceland , but that 's not a bad thing at all . 
  maybe more mountainous and green too which i love . 
  we have two , so that would n't work . 
  if it makes you feel better ( probably not ) , i mostly forget you exist :(, 
  uh , no one in sweden consider them part of the nordics , as far as i know . 
  maybe some people do , no idea . 
   so norway has same system in place do they ? 
  rape , especially related to immigrants is a pretty hot topic in sweden , so you do n't have to worry about us forgetting about it . 
  just do n't tell us how our country is filled with rapists and whatnot , it 's annoying . 
  no , scandinavia is norway , sweden and denmark . 
  the nordic region/countries/whatever is also finland and iceland . 
  that much is agreed upon . 
  the thing that is being discussed is * how wrong * it is to mix the different terms up , which happens a lot , and how much people care about it . 
  some people care , some do n't , but it 's confusing to everyone , so use the right term if you can . 
  sorry , just how the letter j is pronounced in different languages . 
  swedes have a hard time with the english j because we always pronounce it like a soft j ( without a d in front ) . 
  example : we often pronounce join like `` yoin '' . 
  switch places of jag and skulle and it 's right . 
  i 'm guessing you know what it means ? 
   if i had money would i buy beer but hell i have no money !, 
  literally translated so every word corresponds to english :d, 
  [ this is a small chain of gas stations from my little corner of sweden ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i3dfnzb.jpg ), 
  i 'm secretly hoping the eu fails after britain leaves , so we can form our own union with . . uh , what do we have here ? 
  herring and br\u00e4nnvin . 
  or something . 
  anyway , pls gib oil money ... 
  we call it `` norden '' , that would literally translate to `` the north '' . 
  fun ( maybe not ) fact : sweden 's national anthem is surprisingly unpatriotic , it ends with : `` i want to live and die in the north '' . 
  apparently we 're fine with any nordic country , not necessarily sweden . 
  and seeing how we are on an english website , with most people here also reading english things and so on , i would guess the rate would be even lower among `` normal '' swedes , not as heavily influenced by the outside world . 
  there is more than one reason for our high statistics . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_in_sweden the important thing to note is that you ca n't really compare reported crimes like that . 
  it does n't only apply to rape , every country deals with crime differently . 
  it 's very complex , which obviously a lot of people saying things like that does n't understand , most experts ca n't say anything for certain , and there 's always debates about results . 
  legislative changes are not the only reason . 
  widespread education and encouragement to report rape cases is also a likely contributor . 
  and i 'm not denying that rape is a growing problem here . 
  i 'm just saying it is n't necessarily more of a problem here than other european countries . 
  you ca n't directly compare these statistics like that , because the data is not collected in the same way . 
  and even if it was , the rate it is reported differs drastically between different countries , which explains why all the `` top '' countries are western ones who focus a lot of attention on these issues , there 's very little reason to believe rape is less widespread in for example bangladesh than it is here , but according to statistics bangladesh has almost no rape crime . 
  and sweden has been one of the most ambitious countries when it comes to dealing with rape , so it should n't come as a huge surprise that we have very high report rates . 
   we would n't really refer to ourselves as `` nordbo '' .
