  i bet if you asked people if they regularly go to church it would be a lot lower than 18 % too . 
  we have some people who everyone here considers `` swedish '' , but they were n't born here . 
  so it 's hard for anyone to claim that it matters . 
  also worth noting that swedish-syrian or those sort of labels are very common , but they are still swedish . 
  there is no real difference between someone coming here as a kid , and someone born here to an immigrant family . 
  ( southern ) scandinavia actually has warmer summers than scotland . 
  there 's plenty of people lying on beaches around the baltic sea in the summer . 
  it practically never goes above 30 , but that is still plenty of warmth . 
  20-25 is the normal , which can be a little bit cold if it 's windy too , but we usually get some heatwaves were the temp rises above 25 too . 
  anyway , the sun is nowhere near the same intensity up here , so we do n't get tanned so easily . 
  ah , south georgia , forgot about that one . 
   is the general reaction in sweden one of concern for climate change ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  we were already pretty damn concerned about it before this , so i do n't think it changed much . 
  the past year we have had some pretty bad water shortages ( low groundwater levels ) in some places for example . 
  so i think most people are already very aware of climate problems and that sort of thing . 
  and warmer winters are n't exactly a problem in themselves . 
  no i do n't . 
  i expects their kids to do that . 
  and i know a lot of the kids do already . 
   you have much more beautiful landscapes than we do . 
  there 's a lot we can complain about the us for . 
  but you do actually have some pretty awesome nature , even in states like georgia . 
  in my ( relatively warm ) part of sweden . 
  normally we get at least a couple weeks of snow every winter ,  5 cm . 
  those weeks are also usually pretty cold , going down to around -10 or lower . 
  then the rest of the time it sits around or slightly below 0 , with some snowfall , but no permanent snow cover . 
  this year we have had 2 snowy days from what i recall ( and only like ~ 2 cm ) , one of them in november . 
  and a few more cold days with like -8 ( but no snow ) . 
  but most of the time it 's been sitting between 0 and +5 and raining . 
  around new year we were up at like +10 , which i think is close to the all time record for january . 
  it did just snow a bit here , but then it started raining again . 
  right now it 's +2 , and is not even going to be sinking below 0 during the night . 
  feels like spring when you 're outside most of the time . 
  it snowed here today !, 
  third time this entire `` winter '' . 
  then it started raining . 
  then it started snowing . 
  then it started raining again . 
  then the weather gods finally made up their minds and it started raining and snowing at the same time . 
  and now it 's getting dark so it does n't matter anyway ... 
  where is the third one ? 
  they were often outside , so their skin grew more resistant naturally . 
  the problem today is that most people do n't have any tan at all and then go straight to a beach in greece , that 's not a good idea . 
  even a lot of scandinavians can handle the sun decently after a while . 
  you can get a tan from the scandinavian sun as well , it just takes longer . 
  they probably wore clothes to protect from the sun , and stayed in the shade as much as possible . 
  tourists often actively try to be in the sun , that makes quite a big difference . 
  it was probably a problem for them too , but i do n't think they had a good idea of how skin cancer works . 
  i could definitely imagine them getting bad sunburn on their travels , but that 's not exactly a deadly problem , so they just carried on . 
  and the mortality rate ( you know what i mean ) was a bit higher back then , so even if they knew about it i doubt skin cancer would be seen as a particularly big issue . 
  it 's very unlikely that all the different groups living mixed up together here would suddenly want to go at it alone in stead of being part of the bigger swedish society , regardless of how small the group of ethnic swedes is . 
  there is still not going to be a shift where some other group suddenly `` controls the country '' or whatever , the immigrants are extremely dived among themselves . 
  even thought they have plenty of problems , our schools seem to be dealing with at least this issue fairly well . 
  as long as more or less every kid here gets integrated into our society the long term is n't a problem . 
   swedes have which includes most of the kids of immigrants growing up here . 
  our problems are mainly economic . 
  as long as we can get people work and a place to live everything will turn out fine . 
   sweden to remain swedish we have sort of solved that problem by not defining nationality by genetics . 
  they are not renting out their docks . 
  they are storing the pipes for the company that builds the pipeline . 
  the russians are n't even renting any land at all , they are paying the port of karlshamn to handle it . 
  from what i 've heard there might not even be any russians involved , since the deal is with a dutch company or something like that . 
  slite on gotland would have been entirely rented out i think , but that did n't happen . 
  karlshamn is another deal . 
  some clarification , even though it was ages since we fought russia , the anti russian sentiment never really died , aside from germany ( who we were friends with ) they have been the only great power who could really threaten us directly . 
  we bordered them directly up until ww1 , then there was the revolution and all that . 
  then they fought finland in ww2 , and could have definitely gone for us too if they did n't fail their first invasion . 
  then the cold war started and while we were technically neutral we were definitely aligned with the us , and had several incidents with the soviets , at least one of them being very close to starting a war . 
  it 's only really during the 90s and 2000s that we have n't had a reason to fear them . 
  and now they are starting to get all militaristic again , so of course people are scared of them . 
  our centre-right block ( the alliance ) is what people usually call `` liberal '' , but it 's not that common ( `` the right '' or `` the bourgeois parties '' are more common in my experience ) . 
  sd ( populist nationalists ) on the other hand is mostly just talked about as nationalist or conservative . 
  their economic policies are all over the place , so hard to pin down on our left/right spectrum , usually just dumped somewhere in the center on graphics . 
  sd are against nato , but for rebuilding our military . 
  the centre-right is for nato . 
  the centre-left is against nato , but not particularly keen on rebuilding our military . 
  i think that 's correct . 
  plenty of bosnians in sweden too for example . 
  it 's not * only * people moving within former yugoslavia . 
  there are about 60 000 bosnians in sweden , plus an unknown number who came here when it was still yugoslavia ( 67 000 total , do n't know how many were from bosnia ) , not sure if they are counted in the above statistic though . 
  just an example , i 'm sure there are many more in other bigger countries . 
   why are the russians not 100 % the bad guys in this situation ? 
  because it is possible that a lot of people in the breakaway regions do n't want to live under ukraine any more , for various reasons . 
  it does n't suddenly change everything , but it does make the russians only maybe 87 % the bad guys . 
  if you get what i mean . 
  if someone wants independence or to join your nation it is fair enough that you would work together with them , but it should be accomplished with some sort of decency , at the very least in some democratic fashion . 
  you do n't just start a war over it unless things are getting extremely fucking bad ( like nazi germany bad for example ) . 
  i have actually never been there , despite having a ferry going to gdynia near where i grew up . 
  [ this is central europe ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/41/central_europe_%28brockhaus%29.png ) , most of the time . 
  if there is a category called `` central europe '' , [ they are in it ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/41/central_europe_%28brockhaus%29.png ) . 
  if there is no central europe category , like when talking about the cold war east/west , then they are usually in the east . 
   copernicus is why we no longer know the sun rotates around the earth . 
  love how you put that , haha . 
   even china fell to barbarians . 
  barbarians tend to be really good at fighting . 
  when you pay for a human to do some work a large portion of that money is taken away as tax . 
  when you pay for a robot to do some work a large portion of that money will be taken away as tax . 
  it is a bit similar . 
  i do n't know , but i 'm guessing the tax is to finance the social reforms .
