  in the same way we consider a lot of immigrants who have lived here for a while swedish . 
  so while we do n't know if the beggars here are gypsies or not , we are pretty sure they are romanians , so that 's what we call them . 
  somehow some romanians get pissed off about that though , `` because they are gypsies , not romanian '' . 
  it 's weird . 
   how on earth do you automatically form queues in public so nicely ? 
  if you 're going somewhere and there is a person ahead of you you stand behind them and wait , if there are several people you stand last . 
  what 's so difficult about it ? 
   this not only goes for vehicles , people here actually stop and wait politely to be able to cross the road when there is a green light . 
  is this really true ? 
  people say that about sweden too , but everyone here crosses as soon as there is n't any cars coming , no matter what the light says . 
  or is it just specifically gothenburg being barbaric like that ? 
  they bullied finland  :(, 
  [ different varieties ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-ua2mfsnvdts/uhs3y2qos4i/aaaaaaaachs/zyq99d_fg-a/s1600/dscn4521.jpg ) of [ potatoes and pork ] ( http://allagodating.se/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/img_3457.jpg ) , like [ meatballs ] ( https://cdn.rdb.arla.com/files/arla-se/3776820023/2ba4415c-73be-4f72-aaaf-a2ce2c7831bf.jpeg ) or [ kroppkakor/palt ] ( http://blombergsmat.se/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/kroppkakor.jpg ) . 
  anyway , it 's fairly bland , does n't taste much . 
  only thing it 's really good at is filling your stomach . 
  it 's not * bad * , just boring . 
  in case of estonia i think we mostly had stews and some soup , which we of course have in sweden too . 
  often potatoes and pork soup/stew , of course , haha . 
  like the classic [ vegetable soup ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-6ac7cok39ue/uuxk5eao3ki/aaaaaaaahvu/fltyxdlzm_m/s1600/img_5829.jpg ) they always served in school , which was about 50 % pork ... oh , yeah , [ pea soup ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_iq7rtet0vne/tuawnj2zjsi/aaaaaaaac2o/djgg4yyb0uc/s1600/p2190020.jpg ) too of course , classic . 
  remember we had that in estonia too , but with dill d :, 
   i am really amazed at the comfort level that europe has reached today and how they have realised to stick together instead of internecine warfare of the past few centuries i think most of us here that have read some history are pretty amazed at that too . 
   i wish we in south asia learnt that from you . 
  seems to me like you 're learning quite a lot from us , both what to do and what not to do . 
   but i do n't think there is enough cash available for that . 
  which is why they probably should n't put much effort into a few tiny islands . 
  feels like you have bigger problems to spend you money and political effort on . 
   a lot of socialization around here seems to happen around alcohol and partying of some sort . 
  as a non-drinker i find this quite annoying . 
  at home , people hang out at cafe 's and things where i find it 's easier to talk etc. 
  depends on who you hang out with . 
  there 's plenty of people who mainly hang out in cafe 's or that sort of thing here too ( well , i assume those exist in britain as well , at least pubs or stuff like that , were alcohol is not absolutely necessary ) . 
  maybe if you 're a student that 's rarer , but pretty sure there are some people who do n't just go out clubbing all the time . 
   does christian schisms still play a part in politics ? 
  definitely not in sweden , christianity in general plays no part in politics here . 
  i would say religion too , but there 's plenty of political issues relating to islam here . 
  we have had christians here for a thousand years , enough time to sort out problems with that . 
  muslims are a newer thing , so that still causes some issues sometimes . 
   do you consider russia as european in terms of religion and people ? 
  yes , without a doubt . 
   non-russians , which one do you find culturally nearer , us or russia ? 
  us , we have imported so much american culture here , and still do . 
  scandinavian immigrants have also shaped american culture a lot , or if not them at least british or german immigrants , which are very similar to scandinavians anyway . 
  so it goes both ways . 
  that said , traditional swedish culture ( before american cultural imports ) is relatively similar to russian as well , similar food and folk traditions and that sort of thing , we are more or less neighbours with them after all . 
   after the trump victory , there has been a lot of media discussion in india about a similar wave simmering in europe . 
  how does the general sentiment seem in your country ? 
  we have had populist parties like that here since the 90s at least , it 's nothing new . 
  they are growing in popularity , but we are not a two party state , so for them to have real power they have to cooperate with other established parties ( they will not have a majority any time soon ) , which automatically makes them less radical . 
  so it 's really not that big of a deal even if they were to gain power . 
  i personally feel like all parties do more or less the same thing anyway , most of the decisions they have to make would be similar regardless of political ideology . 
  the main risk imo is that we get a government that is unwilling/unable to do the `` correct '' thing , and just screws up a whole lot of stuff . 
  so it 's not their political flair that worries me really , only their potential lack of competence for ruling a country . 
  sweden . 
  you can probably learn something about equality , rich/poor , men/women , that sort of thing . 
  we have always been fairly good at that , for better or worse , but i think we can be a good example in a lot of ways . 
   how strong is european solidarity ? 
  does it go beyond the institutions of the eu or is there some undercurrent of divide deep down ? 
  ( i ask this because i see a lot of media reports about the rise of the far right throughout europe and the response to the refugee issue ) nationalism is extremely strong in europe , and has been since the 19th century when it was worked up by our own governments . 
  either your country is a very old and proud one , or you recently gained your independence , or went through other hardships , in some cases all of the above , either way you feel very strongly about that . 
  our states are built upon those ideas as well , if we take away nationalism our governments would probably not be able to run our countries . 
  that said , i think most of us see that we need to stick together in europe in some way for us to matter in the grand scheme of things , countries like the us , china or india are potentially much more powerful than any of the tiny european countries . 
  so in that sense we realise the importance of sticking together . 
  and it 's really not that hard to foster some sort of european solidarity , we share most of our history , and there is a relatively distinctive divide between europe and everything outside in many peoples minds . 
  the question is n't if we should cooperate , just how much . 
   how is your relationship with your family ? 
  i visit my parents and my mothers parents 4-5 times a year , the rest of my relatives less often . 
  my mum calls me every other week or so . 
   is the american culture of being independent from the family prevalent in europe ? 
  it is in my country . 
  and i do n't think it 's american culture , it evolved here separately . 
  most people here move out from their parents after high school if they can , and after that they usually do n't rely on their family at all any more , either working to feed themselves or taking student subsidies/loans from the state while studying . 
  if you still live with your parents at 20 + you 're seen as a bit of a loser , the older you get the worse it is too . 
  we are also not really expected to take care of our old relatives much , they get put in old peoples homes run by the state instead , of course it 's important to visit them often and so on so they do n't get lonely though . 
   which countries follow it ? 
  northern and western europe . 
   do mothers nag you every week ? 
  not much any more , she used to when i was a bit younger . 
   how close are you with extended family ? 
  i 'm close with my mothers parents , since they where our neighbours when i grew up . 
  the rest of them i 've never been very close to , they live in other cities and stuff . 
  -- for reference : i 'm 25 years old . 
  it 's okey to talk about salary sometimes . 
  i think it 's mainly if you have a relatively high salary that you do n't want to talk about it . 
  the others are correct . 
  although it 's fine asking for other peoples mushroom spots , just do n't expect them to tell you . 
  build nice houses and stuff and move some government jobs there . 
  i mean there 's still not much point to it , but if you really want people to move there it 's not that hard . 
   does family have any say in wedding contract ? 
  not really . 
   does girls look at the riches , status and clan of boy before agreeing wedding ? 
  generally people who marry have already been together for years , live together and know each other very well . 
  it 's basically just a way of showing each other that they are willing to spend the rest of their lives together . 
  there are people having kids and living completely normal lives without ever marrying . 
  it 's not a very necessary or important thing to do here any more . 
  as for what girls look for in men in general , that varies a lot . 
   does many girls work in high paying jobs ? 
  yes . 
  we are trying really hard to even out that difference between women and men , and are getting closer all the time . 
   are lessons of ww2 being forgotten by europeans today ? 
  some of them for sure .
