  they talk about it in the news about how `` spring has now arrived in southern sk\u00e5ne '' , that sort of thing . 
  would be weird having just one set date since there are pretty massive differences in climate across our country . 
  7 days in a row of daily mean temperatures above 0 , the first of those seven days would be the start of spring . 
  that 's what we use up here . 
  similar thing with winter ( 5 days below 0 , i think ) , but some parts of sweden actually risk never getting any winter , which is a bit funny . 
  and then there 's [ sweden & finland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_calendar ) , just made up our own calendar in 1700 . 
  then switching back to the julian again . 
  then switched to the gregorian finally in 1753 . 
  it looks like it was largely based on religion , with catholic countries changing first , protestants a bit later , then orthodox and muslim ( and others ) . 
  we did n't take them in to benefit us , we took them in because they were refugees and needed help . 
  just like we have taken in hundreds of thousands of refugees before the latest wave . 
  just like we took in danish jews during ww2 . 
  it 's not a new thing . 
  of course you could argue how much help they really needed , but that 's another discussion . 
   is n't estonia like super innovative ? 
  but they are pretty innovative compared to the rest of `` eastern europe '' ( you know what i mean ) . 
   how do you not know i mean the singular danish king-whatever-ruler-dude who was in charge ? 
  because you said * those * . 
   we would have spent the swedish lessons doing something else than watching moomins . 
  does n't sound too bad . 
   j\u00e4vl\u00e4 danskj\u00e4vel danskj\u00e4v * lar * j\u00e4vel is singular ca n't allow you to go around insulting danes with bad grammar . 
   is it like that all over southern sweden ? 
  no snow in sk\u00e5ne . 
  except the danes who probably just copied the dutch . 
  and the swedes & norwegians who probably just copied the germans . 
  and the french i guess , just blame the italians . 
  yeah , cause fighting a world war is totally peaceful right ? 
  for fucks sake , i 'm not saying having a strong military is bad , or that being peaceful is always best , and i 've never claimed anything about my own country , you 're the one bringing that up . 
  btw , we do n't rely on anyone , we just have a weak military because we thought no one would bother us any more , we used to have a powerful military too back when we knew we needed one . 
  we also still have one of the strongr military among countries our own size in europe , only reason people specifically complain about our country being weak is because we are n't in any alliance , so we ca n't count on for example the us helping us . 
   no , i 'm just saying that a country that decides to have a powerful military for self-defense purposes should not be seen as less peaceful than a pacifistic country i agree . 
  but there is a point were a military is so powerful that it could not possibly only be used for self defence purposes . 
  that also varies from country to country , some just do n't need a big military at all even for self defence , like belgium for example , since they do n't really have anyone that could invade them . 
  while countries like finland have room to build up their army quite a bit even just for self defence . 
  do you realise how stupid you sound ? 
  are you seriously saying the military do n't try to kill people ? 
  and you pointed it out very clearly yourself that it 's not the weapons that cause it , it 's the institution itself . 
   waking up in 2017 and being outraged at this people have been plenty outraged before as well , so now when it somehow is getting even worse they understandably get even more outraged . 
  very flabbergasting indeed . 
   with the numbers proposed , that 's what it will be like . 
  the army does n't want people who do n't want to be there . 
  which just makes an even stronger case for changing the law . 
  one argument for it in sweden is so the defence force can save money that they would otherwise have to spend on professional soldiers . 
   apparently there 's more popular support for that than increasing the budget . 
  but i do n't think anyone really asked the people affected . 
  it 's easy for older people who have already done their conscription to make the younger generations do the same thing . 
  i think a good option would be the exact same conscription system we have now , calling everyone and so on , but with an option to decline . 
  they would still get a lot more people who agree to do it than if they actively had to apply for it like a job application ( which is the system for gmu ) . 
  i 'm not 100 % against forced conscription though , but imo if it 's going to be forced they should take in everyone , not just a portion of the population . 
  make it an extension of school essentially . 
  was thinking more about the whole `` fake news '' thing . . a president should not actively be working against any media that he does n't like , especially not without anything to back up his claims about them lying and so on . 
  that 's treading dangerously close to fascism territory . 
   but trump is a danger to democracy because he 's rough to journalists ? 
  yes . 
  a functioning media is arguably the most important part of a modern democracy . 
   proclaiming disaster is just flat out dishonest . 
  i 'm pretty sure calling trumps first 6 weeks a disaster is perfectly fair . 
  you 're right that we ca n't yet claim the same about his entire presidency , but it 's not exactly looking promising ... 
   conscripting 4k a year , they wo n't need to choose anyone who does n't want to . 
  but they still can , which some people take issue with . 
   but even the threat is less significant than it was during the cold war , fortunately . 
  definitely , and i do n't think spending will reach cold war levels either . 
  the portuguese obviously . 
  also employing one russian soldier is a lot less expensive than one american . 
   all i wanted to say with my post is that this is n't a one-way street . 
  it was n't just the west that reduced spending . 
  the decrease would be a lot more worrisome if russias spending had been stable ever since 1990 . 
  but it simply was n't . 
  was n't the most important part not that `` they '' also reduced their spending , but that there was n't even a `` they '' anymore . 
  russia in the 90s was n't exactly seen as an enemy , right ? 
  and that 's the main reason spending is increasing again , there is a threat now , there was n't 20 years ago . 
  they can still put you in prison if you refuse , they are just saying that they wo n't choose anyone who does n't want to . 
   standing out in this case being against same sex marriage would be `` standing out '' . 
  biathlon is just for the skiers that are n't good enough for real skiing . 
  yes , and about 6 million of them died during the war . 
  that 's actually some pretty good reasons if those are important things to you . 
  i must admit i assumed you had very little thought behind it . 
  seems like a pretty horrible place to live as an immigrant though , but what do i know , never even been there . 
  do n't they still have a monarch with actual powers ? 
  does n't seem very libertarian . 
  have you actually looked up what the differences between them and switzerland are , for example ? 
  seems like there would be extremely minimal difference . 
  whatever floats your boat i guess . 
  ok . then i ca n't really help you . 
  i assume you have a few countries in mind that you could imagine living in for the foreseeable future ( and think you can get a job in ) , go look at the websites of their respective government agencies to see what citizenship requirements are . 
  i 'm still really curious why you care about lichtenstein ? 
  like , what possible reason do you have for wanting to live there ? 
  do they have anything other countries do n't ? 
  i do n't think i ever heard of someone who actively wants to move there , assumed you were either born there or just ended up there by accident . 
  it 's not exactly a monaco or anything from what i 've seen . 
  why on earth lichtenstein ? 
  also , the way you get citizenship in any country is by living there for a few years . 
  so what you do is move to austria or lichtenstein or wherever , then after however long they require of you to live there you can apply to become a citizen . 
  why do you care about citizenship anyway ? 
   equality in this age , for me , does n't mean that there are no rich people , but that the rest of the people have enough to achieve a satisfactory live and have enough opportunities to advance . 
  i completely agree . 
  but a lot of politicians are not talking that way . 
  mainly thinking about the social democrats . 
  if it 's in english it 's safe to assume it 's the short scale . 
  especially in this case since the world does n't even have any trillionaires .
