   finally he must have used something like arcgis to change angle of the projection so that the relief pops out to simulate a 3d view . 
  it 's probably finished and polished in a proper 3d app , looks a bit too nice for arcgis imo , the textures , shadows and everything . 
  most of greenland is a giant glacier . 
  while i do n't like people calling places `` uninhabitable '' with modern technology and all that , most of greenland is pretty damn close . 
  even the non-ice-covered parts have serious problems with food supply , have to import everything . 
  iceland has a huge advantage there with their geothermal energy allowing them to produce plenty of food for themselves if they wanted . 
  tell that to sweden ... 
   the climate and resources does not allow for it . 
  they have enough geothermal energy for it to actually be viable with modern technology ( greenhouse food production ) . 
  obviously there 's a limit , but the island could potentially support a much larger population . 
  or that bangladesh beats russia by a whole australia . 
   like if you look up the price of an iphone on the apple website then change the / ie / in the address to / de / or whatever , it 's all more expensive here you 're comparable to sweden and norway , so yeah , that 's pretty expensive . 
   in general , eastern eu does n't look that bad . 
  it 's not that bad , because it 's cheap to live there . 
  you can compare it to [ nominal gdp per capita ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gdp_\\ ( nominal \\ ) _ per_capita ) , where it is n't normalised against purchasing power . 
  to different degrees though . 
  it 's true for sweden as well , but it 's inflated by like 50 different industries instead of just one or two like in russia . 
   i thought it 'd be the opposite actually , based on skin colour and unless you 've got their papers you should n't be able to tell if they 're romanian or another nationality . 
  there are a lot more non-romanian roma than romanian roma so you ca n't say they 're most probably romanian . 
  well we are not sure about * all * of them , but it 's likely all of them come from that area , considering how organised it all is . 
  they often say that they are either romanian or bulgarian themselves , often on the signs they are holding , some of them speak broken english/swedish too , and i assume normal romanians in sweden would have noticed if they were all lying . 
  when journalists , police and so on has investigated the issue they always talk about them being romanian or bulgarian primarily . 
  have had documentaries been made and so on following some of them back to romania and the lives their families are living there and so on . 
  i think it 's a bit confusing for me since we do n't really have a word for ` native ' in swedish . 
  the closest thing just translates as ` born ' . 
  well drugs and guns are fairly dangerous . 
  cookies in your web browser is n't . 
  it 's a bit like putting a warning on all envelopes saying that it could contain something dangerous , just because it 's possible that someone sent you something dangerous in the post . 
  and btw , i would ( on a philosophical level ) agree with the `` guns do n't kill people '' thing . 
  guns are just a tool . 
  there are good reasons for limiting the usage of a tool that can hurt people that easily though . 
  just like it is a good idea to limit the usage of drugs that can hurt people . 
  but it 's not a good idea to warn people about something on the internet that they have almost no reason to worry about , and ca n't do anything about either way . 
  except not go on the internet i guess , but why not just put the warning in web browsers or when you buy internet access or something like that instead of on every webpage . 
  especially since there was no way that every website that used cookies would actually add a warning , and they had no realistic way of enforcing it . 
  either way the problem is n't specifically the cookies , so it 's weird being required to warn internet users ( who generally knows nothing about how the internet works ) about all of them . 
   from what i understand nordic languages are pretty simple though so maybe we should pick one of them . 
  inb4 danish hahahaha icelandic would be cool though, 
  yeah , but cookies is pretty much an essential part of the internet today . 
  you should n't worry about it unless you know specifically what you 're doing , in which case the warnings are n't needed . 
  it did n't make much sense initially either . 
  cookies are such basic things that it makes no sense to warn about them , most webpages that has any sort of functionality uses them . 
  they are the things making it so you wo n't get logged out of sites as soon as you close the window for example . 
  they are a bit crazy . 
  pro-tip : do n't try invading crete , it wo n't be pleasant . 
  [ example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cretan_resistance ) \u00b4 from the main battle of crete wikipedia page :  cretan civilians joined the battle with whatever weapons were at hand . 
  [ 83 ] civilians went into action armed only with what they could gather from their kitchens or barns and several german parachutists were knifed or clubbed to death in olive groves . 
  an elderly cretan man clubbed a parachutist to death with his walking cane , before the german could disentangle himself from his parachute . 
  [ 84 ] a priest and his son broke into a village museum and took two rifles from the era of the balkan wars and sniped at german paratroops at landing zones . 
  the cretans used captured german small arms and civilians joined in the greek counter-attacks at kastelli hill and paleochora ; the british and new zealand advisors at these locations were hard pressed to prevent massacres . 
  civilians also checked the germans to the north and west of heraklion and in the town centre . 
  is n't french actually fairly simple too as soon as you learn how letters are pronounced ? 
  while german can be pretty messy . 
  obviously english is the best since everyone knows it , but in an imaginary scenario where english was n't an alternative . 
  did n't realise that . 
  either way , the rest of what i said is still true right ? 
  `` native german '' and `` native german speaker '' is not the same thing ? 
  he 's a native german , but not a native german speaker . 
  the same way i 'm not a native english speaker despite learning it in school and using it every day . 
   suggestions for good traditional heavy music like orphaned land , eluveitie , drudkh etc. 
  bands that use unconventional instruments would be great . 
  does [ alestorm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ta-z_psxodw ) count ? 
  haha [ finntroll ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjhi43rntjk ) i guess . 
  surprisingly little swedish folk metal imo . 
  nothing on that scale . 
  but there are similar things going on in most capitals , there is for sure in stockholm at least . 
  [ while we are at it ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8nqi9pn.png ), 
   have you got train companies that run absolutely unreliable trains yes . 
  does n't work if it 's wet , snowy , windy , rainy , warm , cold , dry , there are leaves on the track , etc. 
  or they are just late for no visible reason ( probably because someone killed themselves and they had to clean it up ) . 
  every year : ( slightly exaggerated ) all trains cancelled because , surprise , it snowed in sweden ...  go on strikes for days no , thankfully . 
   do you need to fly from point a to point b in sweden because trains are unbearably expensive ? 
  flying is usually cheaper if it 's possible . 
   do they run on diesel ? 
  most are electric . 
  on the whole our train companies appear to not be very concerned about reliability or getting people to places on time . 
  it 's easier and cheaper to just give people some money when they complain and buy in extra busses when the trains stop working completely . 
  i thought we had the exact same issues ? 
  at least seemed that way when i discussed it with my british friends . 
  some people do that here too . 
  but it 's perfectly normal to work til 5 on a friday . 
  last i checked russians where europeans too . 
  but either way , no , only we are allowed to do that !, 
   do swedes really work until 5 pm on fridays ? 
  as opposed to what ? 
  it depends one where you work of course , but that seems fairly normal to me ? 
  or sweden . 
   do you think that those skilled labourers are taking away your jobs ? 
  nope , our only problem is unskilled labour coming here when w do n't actually have any jobs for them . 
  ( refugees ), 
  only go for a specific kind that you can be certain you wo n't mess up , my mum almost only picked [ chanterelles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chanterelle ) for example . 
  it takes a bit of practice before you actually become good at finding them though , got ta know what type of place they like the most . 
  of course if you find a good hidden spot that no one else found you can keep harvesting that every week or so when they are in season if the weather is good , since you do n't actually kill the mushrooms when you pick them , they will keep growing back . 
  which is why you do n't give up your mushroom spots . 
  it 's actually not a very old tradition in sweden , we did n't even have names for most of our mushrooms until the 19th century or something , because people did n't eat them or anything . 
  always been picking berries and that sort of thing though , so of course we picked up on the whole mushroom thing too at some point . 
  we do n't dislike them , a bit annoying that they are coming to sweden to beg , but ca n't blame people for being poor . 
  also , something that a lot of romanians does n't really understand . 
  romanian and roma is not mutually exclusive in our eyes . 
  romanian is just a nationality to us , anyone living in romania is a romanian , regardless of ethnicity .
