  this is technically a swedish word : `` nordv\u00e4stersj\u00f6kustartilleriflygspaningssimulatoranl\u00e4ggningsmaterielunderh\u00e5llsuppf\u00f6ljningssystemdiskussionsinl\u00e4ggsf\u00f6rberedelsearbeten '' , and you can do the exact same sort of thing in german . 
  the number of words that does n't have a direct translation at all is actually fairly low in my experience . 
  a lot of phrases are hard to translate on the other hand . 
  that 's another thing , `` on the other hand '' is just one word in swedish : `` d\u00e4remot '' , which is technically two words strung together , but people never think of it that way , making it one word in practice . 
  point is , it 's very complicated to count the number of words in a language . 
  but either way , it happens to me all the time that i know a word in english , but ca n't remember what it is in swedish . 
  i think it even happens more that way than the other way around . 
  it 's likely because almost everything i read is in english , so the only swedish i get exposed to regularly is mundane day to day stuff , so as soon as there is some rare/complicated/technical word i 'm much more likely to remember it in english than in swedish . 
  one thing i have noticed that i 'm terrible at in english is stuff you have around your house , like kitchen appliances . 
  every english person knows that , but i have just barely been exposed to it at all . 
  sorry for the long text , i get carried away . 
  not sure exactly what subjects we are in need for , but seriously , some english teachers probably would n't hurt . 
  low pay , long work hours , and long education . 
  not many people want to do it , it 's definitely not a prestigious thing to study towards either , people basically go `` oh that 's very nice of you '' when someone does it , as if it was some sort of charitable work . 
  it 's no wonder sweden 's scores on international student tests are falling . 
   as opposed to uneducated teachers ? 
  yes . 
  i worked as a substitute teacher for a while , only had a normal high school education . 
  i was actually the only music teacher on the school ( grade 7-9 ) for a few months because the last one quit and they could n't find a replacement , ended up trying out all sorts of weird people for the job because i complained about not being able to do it ( they wanted me to though ... ) , but they were n't much better than me and quit after a few weeks , so it took like half a year before they found an actual teacher . 
  i also know a few teachers who never actually got a teachers education ( although they were forced to a few years back due to new regulations ) , although they were only in practical fields like art , sports or tech stuff , where i guess it makes a bit more sense . 
   the only downside i can think of is the poor teachers that have to teach the more stubborn ones one temporary downside in some countries , at least sweden , is that there already is a lack of educated teachers . 
  take from the rich and give to the poor . 
  that 's one of the main reasons we have our governments . 
  as a swede , the norway one made my day , haha . 
  depends on how you define the word i guess , as always . 
  dams did lower the water level in the caspian too though , so you 're not entirely wrong . 
  but nothing on that scale . 
  from sk\u00e5neland , living in gothenburg , i approve of this map . 
  larger inflow ( or lower evaporation ) of water ( more rain , or colder climate , or something else , i do n't know ) , i think it grew enough to become a proper lake , with a river flowing out of it into the ocean ( black sea ) . 
  today water just flows into it and then evaporates , no outflow ( which is why it 's a sea and not a lake ) , making the entire surrounding area you see there a huge basin that could potentially fill with water if it rained enough . 
  [ relevant map of drainage basins ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b1/ocean_drainage.png ) ( the water falling in much of central asia does n't flow into any oceans ) hope i made sense, 
  it 's a sea because it does n't have any outflow . 
  if it did it would be a lake . 
  and the cold , i think it 's mostly the cold actually . 
  too cold for stuff to grow half the year , makes supplying a lot of people with food a bit difficult . 
  potatoes helped , easy to grow even in relatively cold climates , and easy to store over the winter , and nutritious . 
  but still could n't support a very large population . 
  it only shows the percentage of people that are against the war , it does n't necessarily mean the other 50 % are for it , they might have just answered `` no opinion '' or something like that . 
  denmark has the coolest people and nicest cities/towns . 
  norway is by far the most beautiful , awesome nature . 
  finland feels the most like home , but in a confusing ( ca n't understand a word they 're saying ) and slightly depressing way . 
  you have norway too , technically . 
  which , imo , is a lot nicer than both estonia and sweden . 
  also killed off quite a lot of germans , czechs and what not during the [ thirty years war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty_years%27_war#casualties_and_disease ) . 
   the swedish armies alone may have destroyed up to 2,000 castles , 18,000 villages , and 1,500 towns in germany , one-third of all german towns . 
  also back home , some good old ethnic cleansing in the previously danish parts of the country ( where i 'm from ) , they exterminated entire villages down here when they would n't work against the local resistance . 
  lot 's of torture and stuff too . 
  and then after they moved like half the population to finland and things calmed down a bit they banned everyone from speaking their own language and made everyone learn swedish . 
  probably was n't much different on that front from the rest of europe at that time though . 
  but still , even most swedes do n't know much about that . 
  it 's all your fault !, 
  you 're the ones who made us fight each other for 500 years without a winner :(, 
  and for saruman : [ the planned future tallest building in sweden ] ( http://www.fastighetssverige.se/upload/7883_full.jpg ), 
  eventually , but sweden 's gdp growth is also very high at the moment , so it will probably take a while . 
  unless our housing bubble bursts or something . 
  yeah , greece has lots of small commercial airports for islands and tourism and all that , some of them only has a couple of flights each day or so . 
  scandinavian countries are huge , but not many people live there , making the per capita figures higher . 
  it could mean that , but not in this case . 
  ethnic groups are not always defined by language . 
  jews for example . 
  the eu does n't work like that though , even just one state opposing something matters . 
  but you are right , if the uk leaves this side getting pretty weak . 
  we also have the 7th highest gdp in the eu , we are n't that small . 
  bigger than poland in that way for example . 
  and we ` pay ' the most to the eu per capita , i think people would care if we left . 
  well we already have done it against the euro for example , together with the uk . 
  and while i think some of our political parties are still for us joining the eurozone , it 's not currently on the table , we had a referendum in 03 ( 56 % no , 42 % yes ) and that was pretty much it . 
  there are also still at least two parties in sweden who wants us to leave the eu , although that too is not currently on the table ( same thing there , referendum in 94 said join and that was it ) . 
  we are technically required to join the eurozone , but iirc there is n't a deadline for it , so we are basically just pushing it forward forever or something along those lines . 
  uk and denmark have their own little opt-out of that one , but sweden too is practically in the same position , although it was more through a loophole than an actual agreement . 
  obviously public opinion can change , but currently we are still pretty euro-sceptical or whatever you wan na call it . 
  although as everywhere , young people tend to be more favourable towards it . 
   who usually take ~ 2-3 generations to integrate into western society pretty sure that 's not the case in sweden so far . 
  in certain areas with a very high proportion of immigrants maybe , but in general anyone who grows up in swedish schools ends up `` integrated '' enough . 
  there might be some areas where people get stuck in with unemployment and what not , but only a small portion of the immigrants who come here even end up in one of the `` ghettos '' where that could be an issue . 
   i mean in estonia we have 25 % russian population and russians in general are not that far away in terms of culture , yet still a large part of them pretty much still live in a separate society , refusing to integrate , learn language and in ukraine they even broke off from the country altogether . 
  i 'm curious , how can they live there without learning the language ? 
  do n't the kids go to school or something ? 
  only reason we had it as good as we did 50 years ago was because we had enormous economic growth thanks to our industries , and had the money to spare on progressive government projects and what not . 
  that stopped being the case already in the 70s/80s , like in the rest of europe increasing globalisation caused most industry to move overseas , and that sort of economic situation has not been a feasible goal since . 
  and the decreasing growth has also meant that our government has had to let it 's grip fall on a lot of things ( and so leaving our old socail democratic ideals ) , allowing competition and all that . 
  if anything their inability to let go enough is what has caused the current housing situation , at least concerning rental apartments , the lack of them is almost entirely down to rent regulations , which started back when the government were still funding massive housing developments , and that was a long time ago now . 
   you will be more like america going forward with a significant minority underclass and associated crime and more toxic politics . 
  we had a very distinct underclass of migrant workers even during our best years , mostly southern europeans ( yugoslavs and greeks for example ) and finns , they were also just as much looked down upon and associated with crime as the immigrants of today . 
  i agree that class divisions is rapidly becoming one of our biggest problems , but you 're still talking like you have some sort of complete fantasy picture of what sweden used to be like . 
  and i 'm really not sure what about our politics is so toxic ? 
  if anything people are really not caring as much anymore . 
  when was the last time we even had a major protest about anything for example ? 
   it 's too late to have the perfect country you had . 
  nah , it 's always `` our women '' getting raped by muslims according to them . 
   and you do n't need to go through a travel agency . 
  not like you need that for greece either . 
  i had plenty of fun though . 
  but maybe not in a `` this is a wonderful place '' way . 
  imagine the bratislava scenes in eurotrip , pretty much that . 
  haha . 
  if it makes you feel better , finland is equally depressing , sweden too come to think of it . 
  our population growth has never been particularly high though . 
  it 's the system that 's fucked up , it would have been in finland too , or in a sweden without immigrants . 
   but yeah , it 's a bit unfair comparing sweden and finland since finland has n't taken in the same amount of refugees that need housing .
