  if it 's basically just football inside then i think pretty much everyone played that a lot in school . 
  had no idea what futsal was before i saw this map though , we just called it `` inside football '' in school . 
  sweden has one korfball club apparently :d, 
  when did i say everyone else was good ? 
  because that 's not what i think , but i do think russia is being really shitty , yes . 
  the only things i know enough about to speak with real certainty is sweden . 
  and i know quite a lot about crimea since i 'm writing an essay about that atm ( mostly focusing on the effects of the annexation , not the surrounding political issues ) , but still have n't got a complete picture , especially not in regards to the whole situation in ukraine . 
  one thing i can say for sure is that ukraine are n't exactly `` the good guys '' as you put it , especially in regards to crimea . 
  as i think i said earlier , i 'm fairly supportive of crimean independence or even their transfer to russia , but russia just really screwed it up by not doing shit properly . 
  if they had held a proper referendum in cooperation with ukraine , and most importantly without any previous military occupation , it would have probably still turned out fairly positive for them , without the whole pissing most people in the international community off . 
  i understand why russia is doing the things they are doing , and i can see how they are pressured by the outside world into it ( but mostly indirectly , it 's almost entirely a domestic thing , but that in turn is affected by outside influences ) . 
  but they have still had lots of choices to do things differently , but they still continue with their whole imperialistic thing while everyone else ( in europe ) has mostly given that up in favour of cooperation with their neighbours . 
  it 's russia that is putting themselves as a `` rival '' to the eu , not the other way around . 
  the eu certainly does n't want it to be that way , and if you think so you are pretty delusional . 
  this only covers team sports , and probably only the bigger ones too , have to narrow it down some way or pretty much everyone would have a first place in something . 
  could for example claim that switzerland is 1st and norway 2nd in orienteering ( men ) , estonia would be 6th . 
  it is a relay race , so technically sort of a team sport i guess ... 
  but yeah , it gets silly at some point . 
   i saw a democratic elected goverment being overthrown by a bunch of radical right wingers wich installed a puppet goverment from europe . 
  if it was democratically elected or not makes no difference , just because you 're elected does n't give you a free pass to do whatever you want until the next election . 
  and most revolutions are done by radicals , that 's sort of how it works , it 's just that bad times make people become radical , increasing the risk of stuff like this . 
  i never claimed a revolution was a good thing btw . 
  it 's not like europe sent a bunch of people to ukraine to overthrow their government , it was the ukrainian people who did it , if it was `` just '' a bunch of right-wingers or not does n't make much a of a difference either when talking about the involvement of the west , if they helped out they did it by starting up the protests , the practical outcome of that was pretty far outside of europes reach . 
  hey you 're better than the uae !, 
  ukraine was a revolution by the people , the west probably helped instigate it , but russia tried to stop it just as much if not more , and remember , it 's ukraine , not russia , they do n't have much more business being there than the west does . 
  that crimea wanted independence/joining russia is fair , but the way it was handled is n't . 
  russia just moved troops in there , then held a referendum that pretty much anyone would agree was seriously biased , and then just said `` they 're a part of us now '' , not giving a shit about what ukraine thought on the matter . 
  then they are arming the rebels in ukraine itself . 
   the recent antimissile thing on poland also seems like a military provocation . 
  do n't know what that was . 
   i 'm not defending putin 's politic , but it doesnt seem that europe is making any efforts to befried russia . 
  before the ukraine thing that 's exactly what we tried . 
  then we thought we had to do at least something because of crimea , just letting them get away with it did n't seem like a good idea . 
  so the eu cut trade and all sorts of stuff , not sure exactly what we did tbh , but i 'm pretty sure that was the point were the eu went from just licking their boots to actually opposing them in a real way . 
   i never understood why most people in europe see russia as a rival and not as a potential ally . 
  because history . 
  ( heard about this thing called the cold war ? ), 
  i think there 's quite a lot of difference when you 're bordering them too , which is why it 's italians and spaniards complaining about it in this thread :p  its also clear that europe would only be able to grow in the future by allying with russia tell that to russia . 
  they are the ones being aggressive all the time , sending planes into our airspace and stuff , probably submarines too ( although we have n't confirmed it was russian , but that 's what is assumed , by everyone , because history ) . 
  when we are discussing joining nato they are threatening us , sure just with some vague `` there will be consequences '' , but still a threat . 
  not sure what happened to that , but yesterday there were claims that they were sabotaging communication towers here in sweden . 
  also the whole ukraine thing ( and georgia for that matter ) , we tend to not like states who do shit like that . 
  basically all the debate about sweden 's military is about defending against russia . 
  it 's not just nerds on an internet forum who are `` obsessed '' with them , it 's the real world as well . 
  have n't they been the `` boogeyman '' for like forever ? 
  lots and lots of pigs too . 
   i think you just need a reminder . 
  from hungary 's govt to french political parties . 
  hey , you even have swedish/nordic neo-nazis parading . 
  admittedly it 's rarer to see those in public . 
  i do n't know about the situation in hungary tbh . 
  but just because there are political parties out there does n't mean much happen to actual people , outside of what i talked about earlier , like having a hard time finding a job and so on . 
  and i only said it was rare , not that it did n't happen . 
   it 's just a bit different from what happens in larger countries with diverse populations . 
  you ca n't really compare it with the us or canada . 
  it 's very similar at least in the us with for example latin americans . 
  it definitely is a thing with `` brown people '' , like turks too . 
  it 's not exactly the same , having an immigrant background in itself is obviously not a big problem , but certain groups still have a lot of problems . 
  same in sweden i suspect . 
  when the housing bubble here finally bursts this would change quite drastically . 
  if it ever does , right now it looks like the government is trying really hard not to build any new houses ... 
   the `` legit reason '' is debatable . 
  there is this forest for many hundreds of years and all of a sudden it needs to be saved by humans from some parasite ? 
  nature is pretty good in sorting things out on it 's own . 
  it is a bit weird , i thought the reason bark beetles were such a problem was because of monoculture forests , which supposedly this is n't . 
  and either way , the whole point of these forests is that humans are n't interfering , if we start saving them from bark beetles that 's exactly what we 're doing . 
  so yeah , weird . 
   i understand that , but beside the sentimental value it is still `` wood '' . 
  yes , but it is a unique forest . 
  the ecosystem of these forests are not the same as a regular one . 
  they also house a number of otherwise very rare species that could n't survive in a `` normal '' forest . 
  they are very valuable for research , and as always , it 's not always clear what the benefit of certain research is going to be beforehand . 
  while the research done in for example these forests might not appear particularly important on the outset they can still yield important results . 
  someone said they are cutting down part of the forest due to bark beetles , which i agree is totally fine . 
  but you 're still underestimating the physical value of nature like this . 
   it 's the silent discrimination when applying for jobs , apartments etc. 
  it 's not like that is n't a thing in other countries . 
  open xenophobia is rare pretty much anywhere in the western world , from what i know . 
  but structural things like that are still around pretty much everywhere . 
  and it 's not completely unreasonable which makes it harder to change , most of the time it 's still fairly rational decisions ( like hiring a native swede over a turkish immigrant ) , it makes sense a lot of the time , but it can still be a problem . 
  well that 's what you norwegians say , we in southern sweden has always had it like that ... 
  it 's not cold enough to snow but still cold enough to be really fucking cold outside . 
  also , wow , we got back on topic ... 
   you 're too concerned with everyone getting a fair shake , hehe . 
  i think i 'm way too socialist for the us , i get frustrated by similar things here in sweden , i would hate pretty much all established politics over there . 
   if your aspirations are peace and stability , you can life a mediocre life in scandinavia just fine . 
  my personal life goals are pretty much to always have a roof over my head and food to eat , the rest does n't matter much , so yeah , i think this suits me just fine . 
  although the roof over my head bit has been somewhat of a problem in the past . 
  which is one of those `` it 's probably getting worse '' things . 
  the only big problem i have with this place is the climate . 
  these fucking winters sucks . 
  i do n't really want to leave sweden for exactly those reasons tbh . 
  there are some countries which would be mostly the same which would be fine , but not that many . 
  i would n't want to live in the us for example , because i do n't feel like they have a just society and there 's a lot of poverty around that is n't actually getting fixed any time soon , also their healthcare system seems completely crazy ( which would potentially be a lot of problem for me personally ) . 
  not saying sweden is that good at it either , but i really do think the country works fairly well , especially compared to others . 
  always the risk of it getting worse though , but it 's hard to tell what is actually getting worse and what is just nostalgiaish `` it was better back in the day '' feelings . 
  now i want one for hottest temperatures too . 
  swedish coldest record ( -53 ) was recorded somewhere around [ here ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/place/malgovik,+912+91+vilhelmina/@64.6385573,16.3482975,2781m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x4670bccee3bd7e5f:0x45a4b6e345c092bf!8m2!3d64.6395839!4d16.3604208 ) or [ here ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/place/vuoggatj%c3%a5lme,+930+90+arjeplog/@66.5743173,16.3435914,1286m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x45d882e66945f955:0x991c9332eb591700!8m2!3d66.5745652!4d16.3482869 ) ( depending on which one they use , wiki use different ones for different places ) . 
  if the coldest place in sweden is somewhere where people live i bet there 's people living around wherever the coldest temperature in spain or whatever was recorded . 
  but i see your point , i still think this map is fine though .
