  there are faults and stuff almost everywhere , but only certain areas have the right conditions to create really big earthquakes . 
  but even low risk areas on this map can have pretty big earthquakes . 
  i think kaliningrad has had a 6 or 7 for example , they are just very rare . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is a fault zone going through there . 
  or how else would the earthquakes even happen ? 
  there must be some leftovers from the formation of the carpathians . 
  yeah , there are like three or four plates meeting in romania . 
  i meant by their behaviour , and clothes to some extent , not their physical appearance . 
  i can often tell danish and german tourists from the native swedes in my hometown almost immediately . 
  doing maps like this is a horrible way to do it if it 's important to see the entire picture in each country . 
  seeing only the right eye of whoever is in greece is n't going to tell me much . 
   should i also be considerate to not eat meat in front of vegetarians ? 
  no , you 're not forced to do that . 
  but you * would * be considerate if you did in a lot of cases . 
   why should i be considerate for a choice they made ? 
  because being nice to people feels good . 
  again , not `` should '' , you can do whatever you want , but people react in different ways depending on for example how considerate you are . 
  a lot of tourists are very obvious . 
  if nothing else by the language . 
  norway already pays a lot to the eu ( because of eea ) , they just would n't get many advantages if they join . 
  if they were poor they might get a lot of development help and stuff if they joined , so in that sense you 're right . 
  but just monetarily they would not be giving much more if they joined as it is today . 
  they would however have to obey eu laws on fishing and farming and that sort of thing , and open up all their markets to foreign competition . 
  so in that sense they are definitely against `` sharing '' , but those issues would be the same if they were poor , just the positives might outweigh the negatives if that was the case . 
  fishing is not a minor issue as it is a big part of their wealth which you keep on talking about ( almost 10 % of their exports , and growing , i believe ) . 
  and if what someone said about statoil being in trouble in it 's current form if they join the eu is true , then that 's a huge deal . 
  eu laws on those things constituting most of the norwegian economy is the problem , not the small yearly payments they would have to maybe increase . 
  because the real national day is on midsummer , and then we are busy getting drunk . 
  we only got it in the 80s , and we still have n't learnt to celebrate it , only became a public holiday in 2005 ( at the expense of another one ... ) . 
  no point in banning something that no one is celebrating . 
  the real national day is midsummers eve . 
  the eu does n't have an emperor so that does n't work . 
  but the same could be said about the swedish * kings * , they never called themselves emperors , so i do n't know why people call it an empire in english . 
  it 's not called an empire in swedish , that 's just an english thing . 
  i think it 's because there was an old stable swedish state in sweden + finland , and that then expanded all over the baltic , grabbing all sorts of weird territories with different peoples . 
  they were n't properly integrated into the swedish kingdom ( except the danish territories and maybe estonia ? ) . 
  so it sort of makes sense calling it an empire . 
  it would n't be through georgia , there 's mountains and shit there . 
  either way , is n't there already a canal connecting the volga and don ? 
  if you were to build a new one it would be north of the caucasus , the land is almost entirely flat there . 
  back a few thousand years ago the caspian was a lake and drained through that area . 
  the issue is that for a canal to be viable over going around it would need to be really fucking huge , maybe even bigger than panama for example . 
  because already it 's cheaper for some things to put them on gigantic ships and sail around africa/south america than to put them on several big ships and sail through the canals . 
  just the transport from china to the caspian would make it not worth it for a lot of things too i 'm pretty sure . 
  it might save time , but definitely not money if you factor in the build and maintenance cost . 
  he obviously has a pretty heavy accent , but that 's just a small part of mastering a language . 
  in some ways having a foreign accent and speaking an english dialect is n't all that different , especially in the case of english where there are more or less whole countries who speak decent english , but all share an accent , even if some try to hide it ( sweden is an example ) . 
  at some point i 'm not sure it 's right to criticise people for that any more than it is to criticise someone for speaking with a scottish accent for example , it 's just a different version of english . 
  if someone grew up in a community speaking like that , is it really wrong ? 
  in macron 's case he probably did n't grew up as an english speaker , so your point is still valid i guess , but at the same time , as i started out , there is much more to mastering a language than accent . 
  japan and mexico are just big countries , compared to their population their armies are n't big at all , similar to germany for example . 
  serbia is n't very big either , but probably keeps a relatively large army as a leftover from the yugoslavian days , they have been fighting quite a lot of wars in the last 30 years . 
  and uh , neutrality has nothing to do with the size of your army . 
  if anything if you want to stay neutral you need a big army to keep people from just attacking you . 
  i know , but it 's only just . 
  back 150 years ago it would n't have worked because of the colder climate . 
  yes , we rely on nato to some extent . 
  but only because it 's so unlikely that the russians would go for us before they go against nato . 
  if we got into the conflict nato would already be involved . 
  so we work with nato a lot because it 's very likely that we want to work together in a potential conflict . 
  but we do n't want to officially bind ourselves to the alliance , even though that puts ourselves at a slightly higher risk . 
  thanks, 
  but yeah , that 's one of the main reason i like the english name , sounds pretty nice . 
  it would also be impossible getting foreigners to pronounce g\u00f6teborg correctly , which i guess is why there is a different english name in the first place . 
  they are just fat . 
  i 'm sure you have fat people in switzerland too . 
  we do tend to have pretty pronounced cheekbones . 
  maybe that makes their faces look fatter or something ? 
  i have a hard time seeing facial features though , so do n't listen to me . 
  no , the us is still bigger . 
  things in china are just cheaper , so if you look at it adjusted to ppp , which you did , they appear to be richer . 
   the point i 'm making is that turkey as european as the uk is irish ( i.e. 
  not very ) , and as asian as the uk is british ( i.e. 
  mostly ) . 
  i agree . 
  but it 's still a country * in europe * . 
  which is different than being * european * . 
  similar to how russians in siberia are n't asians , but russia is still a country in asia . 
  `` asian '' is also a terrible description for turkey , but whatever . 
  if london was in northern ireland , and if ireland was an entire continent , then yes . 
  there lives about 10 million turks in the european part ( and another 5 or something just across the straight , which is n't exactly open sea like the irish sea . 
  european turkey would be a reasonably big country on it 's own . 
  very weird completely ignoring them when talking about europe . 
  it 's similar to how you often take northern ireland into account when talking about * the island of * ireland , it 's a significant part even though it belongs to another country . 
  [ trosa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trosa ) in sweden , same thing . 
  b\u00f8gballe in denmark is one of my favourites . 
  that translates directly to `` gay dick '' in swedish . 
  well depending on where you are it might be `` gay ass '' or `` gay balls '' too , dialects vary a bit on that one . 
  love the weird names . 
  most of the time you recognise countries even in other languages , but you had a bunch i had to google . 
  haha . 
  only knew rootsi because of finland , 
  work probably . 
  they are the biggest economy in the world , if your work is somewhat international going to the us is almost always a good option , at least if you want to earn lots of money . 
  the reason they do n't move anywhere else is probably because there is n't another single big destination for them . 
  there are certainly more germans moving somewhere in europe than to the us , but they are spread out in many different countries . 
  what is the other guy doing ? 
  asia minor is the asian part of turkey , thrace is the european part . 
  it 's just as much a case of the us getting winds blowing down from canada during the winter , bringing the cold air . 
  europe gets winds from the atlantic , which does n't have time to cool much during the winters ( regardless of the gulf stream , but that does help of course ) .
