  places like siberia , the amazon or tibet were n't mapped properly until well into the 20th century when aerial photography became widespread . 
  it 's ours too !, 
   swedes meatballs is the best choice imo . 
  pickled herring is another very traditional dish , but it 's not eaten nearly as much as meatballs . 
  bara lite * unless you just want a small one . 
  i do n't know , we have been drinking lots of wine here for ages . 
  by now it 's generally just part of our culture . 
  i think wine is more popular than beer with food for example ( depends on the food ofc ) , but even when just going out for drinks or whatever lots of people prefer wine . 
  especially girls in my experience , but not only . 
  if you want things to be a bit `` fancier '' you serve wine , pretty much . 
  and lots of swedes want to be `` fancy '' ... 
  systemet has been pushing for wine instead of liquor/beer . 
  i think the reasoning was that wine drinking cultures do n't tend to binge drink as much as us northerly beer/vodka drinkers , so if we just start drinking wine instead we 'll also start drinking in a `` healthier '' way . 
  something like that anyway . 
  not sure how well that plan worked ... 
  up here it 's still dark until after you go to work anyway , so it does n't help with that . 
  the problem is that in winter it gets dark at like 15:00 , so it 's dark when we get off work as well . 
  i 'd rather work in darkness and have some daylight for my free time . 
  btw , do n't work in a basement without windows during winter , it gets depressing never seeing the sun . 
  we are still ahead of them , mostly due to our almost double population . 
  it 's even worse here in gothenburg imo . 
  i 'm from blekinge originally , and when i went with some of the jokes about danes ( we were going to denmark on a trip ) a lot of people here had apparently never even heard some of them . 
  also used to spend time and travel with people from all over sweden ( sports ) , and got the same impression from most people when travelling to norway or denmark . 
  there just are very few jokes about danes , while we have tons about norwegians . 
  well , we have an entire category of just `` norway jokes '' . 
  `` how do you sink a norwegian submarine ? 
  you swim down and knock on the door . '', 
  that sort of thing . 
  and the norwegians have the exact same jokes but about swedes instead . 
  honestly outside of memes on reddit the only jokes i hear about the danish are related to their language . 
  and there 's only so much you can say about chain smoking and filling your mouth with potatoes . 
   surely if you asked random people in the street they 'd be more likely to know bj\u00f6rk ? 
  the fact that snorre died 800 years ago changes things a bit imo . 
  bj\u00f6rk might be more well known right now while she 's still alive and doing stuff , but probably not in the long term . 
  yeah , i guess that 's possible . 
  but on the whole the limited damage these people do to the permafrost is nothing compared to what the warming climate is doing . 
   we all know about the potential danger of melting the artic since we do n't know what may be released i do n't , what are we afraid of releasing that we do n't already know about ? 
   is the same dynamic present here too within the permafrost ? 
  only skimmed the article , but the excavating should only have local and short term effects on the permafrost . 
  to `` melt '' the permafrost in any permanent way you need a warmer climate , and what they are doing should not be affecting that in the long term . 
  maybe warmer micro climates or whatever it 's called , but unless they dig up all of siberia that should n't change too much . 
  i would guess erosion and water contamination are the only two major environmental problems , and considering very few people live in areas affected by this i do n't think it 's a very big problem . 
  and around 100 $ housing subsidies if you have low income . 
  depends a bit on the situation . 
  if it 's only temporary it 's not that weird . 
  but if the 24 year old has no intention of moving out any time soon it 's really weird . 
  is n't the difference that the nazi flag is a very specific hate-crimey symbol , kill-all-the-jews style ? 
  while the is flag is `` just '' a terrorist organisation , about as bad in reality , but it does n't actually have the same sort of racist symbolism . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , i 'm not entirely sure on is ideology . 
  i assume what they are doing is more a general war on heretics or whatever , not any specific groups ? 
  still would have to use different resolutions at some point since both finland and sweden are apparently lower than estonia . 
  finland has over 40 000 islands in their biggest archipelago . 
  italy , poland , sweden/norway . 
  do n't worry , haha . 
  it 's just funny . 
  well to you everyone 's eastern . 
  bordel = brothel, 
  eh , black metal is more or less a subgenre of heavy metal . 
  heavy metal is a very vague term though , black metal actually has a fairly specific meaning . 
  in this case it only matters ( and not much ) because most metal genres do n't dress up like that , it 's almost entirely a black metal thing . 
  in almost all cases `` heavy metal '' is exactly the same as just `` metal '' , so you can use that instead , it 's more common . 
  sweden democrats ( 14 % , third biggest party ) , and the left party ( 6 % ) . 
  the green party ( 7 % ) used to want to leave too , but they are currently in a coalition government with the much bigger social democrats who are pro-eu , so they only brand themselves as `` eu critical '' or something like that now . 
  might be others who are more or less against it too , i 'm not sure . 
  it is not a critical issue for any party at the moment . 
  but they still have it written in their manifesto . 
  sweden would not necessarily be the only one to leave if that happened . 
  and norway is not even in the eu already , so we will not be alone up here either way . 
  and we have more or less survived up here between western european powers and russia for a while now , do n't see why that would change anything . 
  we still have at least two/three parties that want to leave the eu entirely . 
   a united nordic federation would have a huge economy when you take our low population into consideration would have a big economy regardless of our population . 
  gdp somewhere just behind canada , ahead of russia . 
  just make iceland join and make reykjavik the capital . 
  deport all the politicians to iceland . 
  politics and culture . 
  mostly politics . 
  uniformly grey in my experience . 
  the distance from southern denmark to northern norway is about the same as to southern italy . 
  there are absolutely no guarantees that there will be snow in denmark or southern sweden . 
  but if you go up north you 'll have like 2m of snow . 
  kramatorsk = hugging cod / swedish, 
  if you `` ignore inland water '' then the density is going to rise even higher . 
  i think most iranians targeted after the revolution where fairly highly educated , or other intellectuals , so those are the ones who fled here . 
  do n't think there 's anything special about them and math though , they are just highly educated in general . 
  i just know that a lot of people want to do military service after high school , because they do n't know what to continue studying , and getting a job with only a non-practical high school education is very hard in a lot of places , and moving is even harder due to the housing shortage . 
  military service gives you some experience , which if nothing else at least gives you a bit higher chance of getting employed later . 
  and it gives you more time to figure out what to do with your life if you need that . 
  it 's also not mandatory in practice yet , there will almost certainly be more people that want to do it than they will take in . 
  ( that 's how it was before they abolished it ) but i do n't think it 's a good idea anyway , i get the purpose , but it should be completely voluntary , not just in practice . 
  but it 's also not as terrible as you make it out to be , if someone really do n't want to do it they can certainly get out if they actually try . 
  and yes , youth unemployment is like our # 2 political issue right now after the housing shortage . 
   opting out of both the army and alternative service however is not possible . 
  i think we have only ever had actual military service here . 
  if you did n't get in on that you were free to go . 
  sweet sweet freedom = unemployment, 
   idk , my city center is mostly made of appartment made 2 or 3 centuries ago . 
  1942 was n't 2 or 3 centuries ago . 
  the point he made was that we built lots of buildings * during * the war . 
  that did n't happen much elsewhere . 
  pretty sure we 're taught about that in school .
