  a side effect is that it might slow automation , but that is something they are willing to sacrifice , maybe . 
   since then you 're then essentially altering the market supporting ineffectiveness . 
  in a sense we already do that by taxing human labour . 
   brunne is the same `` bishop '' who wanted christian symbols removed from church to be more `` tolerant '' of other faiths . 
  as i remember it , she suggested it to one specific church , but they did n't want to so it never happened . 
  there 's an openly lesbian bishop in the swedish church for example . 
  it 's a very common letter in mathematics , so anyone with any sort of scientific education knows a lot of greek letters . 
  so it 's not as uncommon as you might think . 
  you know how most people know about pi and omega , this is the same thing , just a bit less common since it does n't come up too much in lower education . 
  also :  the seven successor states of yugoslavia ( slovenia , croatia , bosnia , serbia , macedonia , kosovo and montenegro ) have a combined population of 165,239 persons residing in sweden which would make them the largest foreign-born group if counted as one group . 
  they came here both in the same wave as the finns to work in factories in the 60s and 70s , and also during the yugoslav wars . 
  they were the equivalent of todays syrians and iraqis back in the 90s when i grew up . 
  your point is true , but it 's a bit weird showing a picture of a hill where you live and say `` look , netherlands is so flat because this is higher than their highest mountain '' . 
  your picture was n't relevant to what you said . 
  generally people just want to help , and you seemed to be a bit confused about how these things worked . 
  humans tend to have more children when times are tough , increases the chance that their genes will be passed on . 
   the biggest foreign-born population are former colonies . 
  true that . 
  / sweden, 
   i do n't understand - all hills/mountains are measured referenced to sea level . 
  yes , so a picture of a hill does n't tell you anything , the base of the hill might be 2000 metres above sea level for all we know . 
   that puts how flat the netherlands is into perspective for me the dutch hill might look a lot higher than that if the base is close to sea level . 
  in this case it is n't , but your thinking is a bit flawed any way . 
  the hills on your picture are maybe 100 metres tall from where the picture was taken . 
  not sure exactly how it started , but they replaced the uk after brexit . 
  they were even included on the subreddit map for a while . 
  lots of people posting mexico related things too . 
  was a while back . 
  might have started [ with this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/54o51j/hello/ ) . 
  yes , they do sometimes . 
  but i was responding to the guy who argued for dots as thousand separators . 
  the difference is that they declared war * because * germany attacked poland . 
  the fact that the soviets attacked poland and finland had no influence on whether or not germany should attack them . 
  they even gave half of poland to them willingly . 
  well in that case norway had breivik just a few years ago . 
  i know about the chechen wars . 
  just did n't think it was any sort of significant threat to russia as a whole . 
  always assumed it was more like an annoying thorn in their side or something like that . 
  yes , neither of which was part of ww2 from a russian perspective . 
  they got dragged into the real war when germany invaded them 1,5 years later . 
  and that was a defensive war . 
  germany 's invasion was not connected to the soviet invasions of finland and poland , they were separate events . 
  only in the summer or if i wear way too much clothes . 
  i mean we always sweat a bit , but not enough that my armpits get `` sweaty '' . 
  either way , it 's just sweat . 
   how was that a defensive war for the udssr ? 
  you serious ? 
   also use dot and comma properly as in 2.000,7 . 
  the comma , sure . 
  but the dot varies a lot between countries . 
  you are the guys not using the si system in that case . 
   1x1011 is one hundred thousand million in that system rather than one hundred billion it 's one hundred milliards in much of europe . 
  `` hundra miljarder '' in swedish , for example . 
  why all the dots ? 
  what significant defensive wars have russia been fighting lately ? 
  pretty sure ww2 was your last one as well . 
  i do n't even know what any of the people in this comment chain is going on about . 
  this is probably why sweden and finland have high numbers . 
  the main thing that come to peoples mind when asked to `` fight for their country '' is on our own soil against some invader ( right now only russia is in any way plausible ) . 
  for western european nato countries i think there are a lot more potential options for where you could possibly be fighting and against who , making the question a lot harder to answer . 
   would an old finnish woman seriously consider picking up a gun and fighting my knowledge about finns tells me she would pick up a knife and fight . 
  but why is it important to clear out all the bacteria * that often * ? 
  i know this is a crap argument in a way , but i 've been doing fine all my life only washing my hands with soap 1-2 times per day ( more if i 'm getting dirty of course ) , is something really going to change if i do it more often ? 
   if your doctor has adviced you to avoid washing with soaps , i 'd trust him . 
  i do n't have `` a doctor '' . 
  last visited one when i was 19 and had managed to catch chicken pox . 
  seems a bit of an overreaction to go to the doctor about dry skin . 
  i 'm just listening to other peoples advice , although i realise that 's often wrong . 
   washing your hands with soap protects against diseases transmitted through fecal-oral routes . 
  i know that , but why does that matter if you 're only peeing ? 
  since you 're a doctor . 
  why do i need to wash my hands ( with soap ) specifically after using the toilet ? 
  i feel like i get dirty all the time anyway , not more so from standing and holding my dick for 30 seconds . 
  i 've also been told that using soap all the time is bad for your skin , and i already have dry skin , so yeah . 
  true or false ? 
   you would wash your hands if you just touched your arm pits would n't you ? 
   are those 30 seconds so precious yes . 
  the soap dispenser in public bathrooms feel really filthy a lot of the time too , so i feel cleaner just using water if i have only been peeing for example . 
  overall i feel perfectly clean just washing with water , if i have only been peeing . 
  cause you know , pee washes off pretty well , and normally i do n't pee on my hands anyway . 
  so i really do n't see the reason why i would need to use soap every time ? 
  also i have dry skin , do n't think more soap helps with that . 
  i still use soap regularly , but not * every * time . 
  i always wash my hands , but rarely with soap . 
   it has little to do with environmentalism , if you by that mean `` hitting like on facebook '' . 
  i meant environmentalism as in caring for nature . 
  our spruce plantations are n't much better in that regard than a field of wheat . 
  many people on the continent assume high forest cover = they care about their nature a lot , because a lot of the forests they have down there are like nature reserves or just areas that are too inaccessible to develop anything on ( so basically wilderness ) . 
  up here a lot of the forest is about as much `` nature '' as their fields of wheat . 
  i would still say that we have more nature than most mainland european countries , but it 's not as much as this map makes it seem . 
  my bad , thought it was more , 60 % or so . 
  either way , that 's still a lot , 28 % of our total area . 
  to be fair , the trees were mostly chopped down way before jesusism arrived . 
  maybe that 's why they worshipped them ? 
  because there barely were any . 
  sweden and finland can confirm that statement . 
  we top the list in europe on forest cover , but most of our forests are still chopped down on a regular basis . 
  -- on the other hand , we can also see through this that forest cover has very little to do with biodiversity or environmentalism or whatever . 
  we suck on that front as well , most of our forests are basically plantations . 
   most obvious is norway/sweden the forest 's edge is not on the national border .
