  similar to `` asian '' , does n't mean much . 
   do you believe in one or more god ( s ) ? 
   are you a member of a religious society ? 
  ( church of england , folkekirken , etc. ), 
  member of the church of sweden . 
  but will leave as soon as i have to pay any significant amount of taxes . 
   do you ever say a prayer , meditate , etc ? 
  no , not in a religious sense . 
   whether or not you go to a church/mosque/temple etc. 
  or not , do you perceive yourself as ... atheist , i 'm fairly convinced that there are no gods at all . 
   what is your general perception of religion ? 
  i do n't like the idea behind religions ( everyone following some more or less arbitrary made up texts and traditions ) . 
  but i 'm not against most of the things churches does in practice . 
  but i also believe that most of those things could be done equally well in a secular setting , without all the ancient writings and gods and stuff . 
  i like autumn and spring too , but only in small doses . 
  proper winter with snow is alright too for a while . 
  but after like a week or two of that weather i just want the warmth back :(, 
  aside from what frivilligt said , the prices if you want to buy an apartment are also very high . 
  stockholm has among the highest in europe , comparable to paris , although still below london which is in a league of it 's own . 
   or what 's there to it that is special in sweden over other housing markets elsewhere ? 
  we 're also in a proper price bubble . 
  who knows when/if it will burst . 
  [ real ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/research/housing/images/housepricesaroundtheworld_lg.jpg ) / [ price-to-income ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/research/housing/images/pricetoincome_lg.jpg ) growth . 
  the climate . 
  summers are nice , the rest can fuck off . 
  well , imported to an extent , but probably exported too to some extent . 
  it is happening all over the western world , so i doubt it has a specific origin . 
  someone could have done a speech at least , now it was very impersonal with just the priest blabbering on about whatever . 
  and compared to a lot of other posts in this thread , literally nothing happened , like some people were walking along the coffin , and i 've seen in movies how they are lowering it into the ground and that sort of stuff . 
  and i imagine the dinner afterwards would have been more interesting if we were more/funnier people . 
  could have overall been more ritual to it , now it was not much different to a normal visit to the church and an unusually boring , but normal , dinner . 
  the only funeral i 've been to was very boring , even by swedish standards i think . 
  very small families too , only maybe 15 people there . 
  we dressed up properly , got in a church ( where the coffin was ) , people left flowers , the priest said some things , they played some psalm i think , then we went to a restaurant and had dinner , catching up with people we had n't seen in a while and that sort of stuff . 
  and that was it . 
  this might not be representative for a typical swedish funeral , i believe they can vary a lot . 
  but yeah , here 's one ( very boring ) version . 
  how people are `` offended '' by everything . 
  well , actually that is n't a very big issue , the problem is that other people are so damn afraid of offending them , it 's not the end of the world . 
  everyone needs to calm down a bit in general , not take everything so serious . 
  music we make good music too , but i think the us beats us on that front . 
   internet , much much faster although the isps sound horrible . 
  compared to britain maybe , but i think most of europe has similar internet speeds as us , better in some cases and worse in others . 
  i think the biggest differences is in how much power the unions have . 
  pretty much everything is decided by collective agreements here . 
  which for example is why ( as people like to point out for some reason ) we do n't have a minimum wage , since ( mostly ) everyone follows the collective agreements they effectively sets the minimum wage for each field of work . 
  there 's a story about how when toys r us was starting up stores in sweden ( 1995 ) . 
  they refused to sign a collective agreement with the union , saying they had never had to do that in any other country . 
  so the workers went on strike , but other swedish unions also boycotted the company , refusing to deliver wares and blocked all their economic transactions and so on . 
  needless to say even a big international corporation like that had to give up and work with the system . 
  so yeah , our unions are powerful . 
  someone else can probably explain exactly * how * the collective bargaining works if you want to hear that , i 'm not sure on everything myself . 
  -- on a whole i do n't think there are many major differences between the countries you mentioned . 
  not for the people living there anyway , the governments can differ quite a lot in how they do things , but * what * they do is often very similar . 
  can confirm , at least underwear is no problem . 
  if walking around naked is accepted varies from family to family , i think . 
  in my family we usually go naked at least from the shower to our rooms or whatever . 
  and my parents always run around naked before going to bed . 
  but we might be unusual , not sure to be honest . 
   for young - do not give a free seat for elderly or pregnant woman in public transportation . 
  that 's just inconsiderate , i doubt that is `` allowed '' anywhere . 
  definitely in sweden , and i would guess northern europe in general . 
  i think it 's like that in many countries . 
  not sure where the guy you asked is from though . 
  it happens . 
  but we really do want you to take your shoes off almost always , so it 's pretty rare . 
  only if whoever is visiting only need to take a few steps inside , and if it 's dry enough outside for them not to make a mess , which is rare in itself . 
  where in sweden is that ? 
  is n't it very low ? 
  last i checked 100/100 was at least 150kr . 
  swedish and english . 
  would like to learn french . 
  while it 's definitely not connected to the modern finnish state , you could argue that you are part of swedish history before 1809 , and we did some terrible things . 
  but yeah , it 's not really about `` your country '' , so i guess not . 
  [ thirty years war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty_years%27_war ) too . 
  haha . 
  but seriously , we have lots of characters , tintin and asterix for example , as others has pointed out . 
  i 'm just not sure we really have any specific tropes like what you mentioned . 
   i 'm really just curious how many sports you could comfortably bring up with a stranger and expect them to at least have a fair understanding of the game . 
  you can only really do that with football , and even then you ca n't be sure , my mum did n't know how long a match was for example . 
  but then things like cross country skiing everyone gets , so it 's a bit weird . 
  and even games like handball , floorball and basketball people tend to know fairly well because we play them in school all the time . 
  but they do n't have very big followings otherwise . 
  basically , football and hockey are the only team sports that has big public followings . 
  but we have lots of other sports too that have lots of participants . 
  and tons of different sports are reported on in media , so people tend to be fairly educated on all kinds of weird stuff . 
  i did orienteering when i was younger ( on a pretty high level ) , and it happened that sport interested people ( who otherwise had nothing to do with orienteering ) knew about big events coming up and so on from the news . 
  football and hockey are the two big ones . 
  we have other fairly big team sports like handball or floorball for example , but they are nowhere close to the popularity of football and hockey . 
  then individual sports like skiing , golf , horse riding , athletics and many more , that some people follow . 
  but guessing you were n't really after that sort of thing ? 
  especially skiing i think is relatively popular here , but might just be my perception . 
  we are overall very encouraging of different sports in this country , it 's not like football/hockey is the only sport available in most places , usually lots of odd sports that people can do . 
  the small town i grew up in had lots of active sport clubs , the ones i remember/know of : football , ice hockey , tennis , table tennis , badminton , floorball , handball , athletics , golf , orienteering , horse riding , shooting , swimming , american football , figure skating , curling , wrestling , sailing , a bunch of different martial arts , folk racing . 
  and that 's only a small municipality with about 30 000 inhabitants . 
   which would have given sweden all russian baltic possessions except s : t petersburg which would have been a loss for sweden . 
  they already owned all that land before the war , the russians had just occupied it at the time . 
  st petersburg was built during the war . 
  that we ( as a country ) try very hard to be some sort of positive force in the world . 
  we have found our place in the world , and our main goal is not necessarily to make ourselves richer and more powerful or whatever , we 're trying to make the world a better place as a whole , not just our country .
