  the housing problem here has little to do with refugees . 
  the whole system was fucked up either way , the increased demand from the increased population only sped things up a bit . 
  it is . 
  i 've never actually taken that ferry , probably should some day , never been to lithuania . 
  although if my stereotypes about baltic countries are correct it 's not exactly the most exciting travel destination . 
  only been to estonia out of you three , my conclusion of that trip was that it was a depressing place , and they put dill in absolutely all their food . 
  but the 3 $ vodka bottles made it worth it for 18 year old me ... ( the orienteering competition i was there for was pretty mediocre , but the finland-swedish girls were nice , haha ), 
  maybe sweden is n't the best comparison for either of those things . 
  especially not the housing market , saying it works better in finland than sweden means basically nothing . 
  are clothes cheaper here ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  speaking of this sort of stuff . 
  all smart swedes buy their running shoes from the uk , it 's like half price for some reason . 
  people still went to denmark and germany :p the ferry to klaipeda or gdynia ( from karlskrona ) takes quite a long time , maybe that 's why it 's not more common ? 
  we can get pretty much any alcohol at pubs/restaurants or at systembolaget . 
  even though it 's a state owned monopoly it 's actually a really great alcohol shop , they have lots of different stuff , even from local breweries and so on , and if you want something specific they can order it for you . 
  i think the biggest reason the monopoly has survived for this long is that they actually do a good job . 
  we can only buy up to 3,5 % in normal supermarkets though . 
  we go to denmark because it 's cheaper there , simple as that , but as i said , it 's not that much cheaper any more ( maybe 5-10 % only for beer , a bit more for liquor ) , so i do n't think many people go there specifically to buy alcohol any more . 
  germany is still an option though . 
  well , we do have estonia . 
  ferry goes from stockholm to tallinn . 
  i grew up in southern sweden though , denmark was 2 hours away . 
  and if we needed large quantities , germany was the best option , drive down and load the entire car up with beer and liquor and drive home again ( # 1 reason all swedes need a big volvo estate car ) . 
  i do n't think it 's actually that much cheaper to buy in denmark any more , now it 's more a case of loading up whenever you happen to go there anyway , the cost of gas makes it not worth it if you only go there to buy booze . 
  germany is still an option though . 
  we have pretty decent bicycle paths here , but we [ still have just the painted strips ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/@57.6982617,11.9814596,3a,75y,57.5h,60.39t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s0vlvagzpoyr9g7guywfscg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=sv ) on the road in quite a lot of places , i do n't think there 's really anything terribly wrong about that in itself . 
  the problem is the drivers not respecting the bicycle lane , not the ones who designed it . 
  everyone who parked on it should just get a ticket for example . 
  the lampposts and gates in the middle of them are hilarious though , haha . 
  and swedes still go to denmark to buy alcohol . 
  and norwegians go to sweden to buy their alcohol . 
  was in greece the other week , prices in the supermarket were surprisingly similar to sweden . 
  from what i saw , locally produced things like vegetables and bread was a lot cheaper , while a lot of packaged food like cereal , orange juice and so on was almost on the swedish level ( even beer was close to swedish prices , which is really surprising given our taxes on alcohol ) . 
  ca n't remember meat or fish prices , unfortunately , that is very expensive here . 
  anyway , it probably varies a lot over different goods , the netherlands is a huge producer of almost any food , so that 's probably why it 's cheap there . 
  just guessing though . 
  i know , haha . 
  i did lots of orienteering when younger , have had hundreds of ticks in my days . 
  but i 've had thousands of mosquito bites , they are fucking everywhere , lots of them . 
  we can take care of the ticks later , mosquitos are way higher priority . 
  humanity should really just start working towards a great mosquitocide , kill them all . 
  i 'm serious , we would be so much better off without them . 
   funny , it 's swedish . 
  which is why i said  it 's not exactly an american game though , so i personally think that thinking is a bit silly . 
  still published by ea though , so yeah . 
  i know they are in the single player and that they are selling them in a later expansion . 
  but very few people care about battlefield singleplayer , and my problem was them not being in the base game , which they should exactly because `` the french army had such an important role in the first world war '' , not even releasing them with the game launch does n't exactly sound like `` special treatment '' . 
  i believe him though , not having enough time to finish them is probably exactly why they are n't in the game ( that and saving them for that sweet dlc money later ) , but either is not exactly a valid excuse . 
  it 's basically `` oh we did n't have time to finish the game , sorry '' , or `` we want more of your money '' , and then expecting people to be fine with that without any other explanation . 
  but i am maybe a bit too hasty , since if they were to release them as a free patch later i would probably not be all that mad ( still pretty mad though , they should still be in the game at launch ) . 
  but given their history there 's no way they are releasing that for free unless there 's a massive outcry from people ( which is why i 'm writing all this ) . 
  i will not buy the game unless it 's unexpectedly good anyway , or at a sale some time ( unless i get a lot richer somehow ) . 
  but i really like that they are branching out to the ww1 era , it 's a really interesting time period , i hope they can make a good game and not mess it up too much , but not exactly counting on it . 
  how is the right/center/left division done ? 
  it does n't work the same in all countries . 
   there are historical simulation games out there but they are very niche and very few people play them . 
  ea makes the michael bay kind of video games . 
  big budget . 
  high chance of mainstream success . 
  you are just not understanding how big of a deal it is to leave out the likes of france and russia from a game set in ww1 . 
  that 's a huge divergence from reality , and it * is * a historical game , it 's just not claiming to be accurate or a simulation of reality , but it 's still based on real events , unlike independence day or whatever . 
  it has mostly real weapons and uniforms or whatever , it is set in real locations , real battles , and real factions fighting each other . 
  obviously it is taking a few liberties with how it interprets reality , but leaving out entire countries from a war is a pretty big deal , at least when they are as important as say france in ww1 . 
  well , we think they 're going about this the wrong way , very wrong . 
  so we are speaking up . 
  everyone here understands * why * they are doing it , we just think it 's a bad idea . 
  you 're trying to excuse them with `` but they 're trying to make money '' which is entirely irrelevant to what we think about the game . 
  well dice is swedish and i 'm just as mad as him , what am i supposed to do ? 
  this is about a lack of respect for history in general , not nationalism or whatever . 
  to most people , bf is all about the multiplayer . 
  was there even a single player in for example bf4 ? 
  i certainly did n't play it anyway . 
  they also have maps in the game where the french historically fought with the british , but there are only brits there in the game . 
  we are expecting them to make a multiplayer fps set in ww1 , and we already know the western front is a major setting , that 's * in * france !, 
  so why the fuck is n't the french army included ? 
  adding the eastern front in later is excuseable , but not leaving out france of the western front . 
   if you have an issue with america being now rather then later . . again , look at what country ea is from and where they get most of their profit from , then it makes sense . 
  dice is swedish though . 
  either way , it makes perfect sense , but we can still have an issue with it . 
  we do n't like greedy corporations ruining what could otherwise be good games just because they want more money . 
  ( obviously this game wo n't be ruined because of this , but do you understand how flawed that argument it ? ), 
   also , they 're trying to throw in curve balls with the factions . 
  9/10 it 's the most popular countries that get included first while the rest come later or are completely left out . 
  as i said previously , the issue is n't the factions that are announced for the game , it 's those that are not . 
  especially france considering they were a big part of a lot of the battles that are also already announced to be in the game . 
  not to mention their importance to the war as a whole . 
  a good comparison is to someone making a ww2 game with a focus on the western front , but not including the uk in the game at all . 
  obviously that would be unlikely to happen with an american or british game , but it 's on a similar level of historic bullshit . 
  and adding something as an expansion later is absolutely not an excuse for making a poor game to start with . 
   who would you cut to put in france ? 
  do you really think dice do n't have the resources to develop a french faction on top of what we already have ? 
  ( without selling it as a dlc ) we understand that it 's a business and that they want to make the most money possible out of the game , but adding another faction to the game is hardly an unrealistic proposition . 
   time goes on and you realise compromises have to be made if you want to make the release date . 
  and we are saying they made the wrong compromises , or should have postponed the release . 
   in the end , you end up with some fraction of what you originally wanted to be in the game , hopefully not too small a fraction , but always painfully smaller than you wanted . 
  which is also why we are complaining , france is a pretty fucking huge fraction to leave out of a ww1 game . 
  i think people are fairly understanding about russia , since they had basically their own front ( they are probably adding that later ) . 
  but france was [ historically ( a large ) part ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spring_offensive ) of a lot of the battles and so on that we know are in the game , leaving them out just shows an extreme lack of respect for history . 
  it is a historical game , you can bend a lot of things for the sake of gameplay , but entirely leaving out france from the fighting on the western front puts this ( at least in my mind ) in a pretty solid alternate history setting , which is n't exactly what they are going for .
