  the serbs were nazis in the morning , fascists in the afternoon , partisans in the evening and then \u010cetniks at midnight . 
  i 'll say this again because it 's an indisputable fact . 
  the usta\u0161e simply could not have killed `` millions '' of serbs . 
  they did n't have the resources , capability , or numbers to carry something out . 
  hitler had 18.2 million soldiers at his disposal and it took him the whole length of wwii to carry out the holocaust , which * actually * killed millions of people . 
  do you seriously , genuinely believe that the usta\u0161e who did not even number over 200,000 were able to pull off nazi germany type numbers ? 
  is telling me to go shine shoes supposed to offend me ? 
  that was actually hilarious , i 've never heard that before , lol . 
  the only sources that say a million are serb sources . 
  get your head out of your ass . 
  the usta\u0161e were nothing compared to the nazis . 
  his dad was slovenian and his mom was a croat , or maybe the other way around . 
  the usta\u0161e did not kill anywhere * close * to millions . 
  they simply did n't have the resources . 
  you 're putting the usta\u0161e on almost the same level as nazi germany , do you understand what that means ? 
  i can not believe we 're debating memes right now . 
  * is this what our lives have come to ? 
  good point , but still . 
  they were in meme format , so they technically should n't have been here anyway . 
  we got ta fuck them , maybe then they 'll fuck off . 
  then all the `` how to divide * insert country here * memes '' should have all been banned and their cancerous influence would not have poisoned us, 
  * oh yeah koooosovo , i think i had some of that back in la one time . 
  good stuff , real good stuff . 
  i very thoroughly enjoyed it , it was good . 
  real good stuff . 
  `` the ancient walls of dubrovnik even saw jesus '' - the sumerian guy who had the hat, 
  that 's still like , 700 years . 
  i was n't even alive 700 years ago . 
  does trump even know what kosovo is ? 
  where it is ? 
  it 's better that the money is n't taken by governments , none of it will be used for the right things . 
   idk where they get the money from a ) loans b ) drugs, 
  just serbian things . 
  yeah , it 's similar in the rest of ex-yu , a lot of people own their homes so all they pay for is utilities , really . 
  how is day to day life where you live ? 
  the thing is , i never gave advice , i just said i really feel bad about it . 
  on the exterior it * is * a 98k , but almost none of the internal parts are exchangeable . 
  jna took the design of the 98k but swapped out a lot of the internal components . 
  you can buy one here in very good condition for around $ 250 or $ 236 . 
  and that 's a fully legit one with all matching serial numbers . 
  the biggest problem though is that 8mm is not very common and parts for it are available but not abundant . 
  a site i frequent has 8mm that a company in serbia manufactures just due to the popularity of the m48 . 
  is 500-1000 enough to live there though ? 
  how much can a person do with that money in kosovo ? 
  it 's not really my fault . 
  i was a kid when i came here . 
  i 've seriously contemplated wanting to enter politics back home , though . 
  edit : it 's diaspora who try to play the nationalist card , not the patriotic card . 
  as i said in an earlier comment , i want to go back home and start a business . 
  it does n't matter shooting gats on christmas because christmas is fun , lol . 
  do n't forget the [ yugo mauser . 
  well they did a pretty good job , honestly , lmfao . 
  no , they did , i forgot what it was called , but it was an old pagan tradition that made its way into orthodox christianity there . 
   you are a serb after all you just had to go there did n't you ? 
  holy shit , they got a good bit of it , too . 
  does it say how much the parts were worth ? 
  i 'm not sure , but i hope he did . 
  i did n't watch the whole thing . 
  just kinda goes to show how bad things are for some people . 
  oh come on , serbs love guns . 
  there 's a town in california with a decent serb diaspora and every january 7th a whole convoy of them get out in front of town hall and just start shooting into the sky , lmfao . 
  afaik it 's a modern take on an old tradition that warded spirits or some shit away . 
  people back in the day used pots and pans to make a bunch of noise , now they use gats . 
  seems pretty cool if you ask me . 
  i watched a documentary where a dude in bosnia was foraging through the woods in his town where people would just dump old shit they did n't need anymore . 
  he needed the equivalent of about $ 800 for some small procedure for his wife at the hospital so he found what he could and either sold it himself or melted stuff down . 
  railroad tracks is a whole nother level though , lol . 
  the money plays a huge , part though . 
  i think if people had jobs and decent wages they could put up with the politics ( if you can even call it politics ) and try to ignore it . 
  but politics has big influence on a country 's economy and jobs inside it , so as a result , one can not be good on its own , both have to be genuine if you get what i mean . 
  bosnia is certainly the worst out of all of ex-yu . 
  two `` entities '' when those people lived together for centuries and the two constantly are fucking around with each other . 
  just recently the rs blocked the accession into eu vote for bosnia and said `` oh look failed state , kek '' * no shit * it 's a fucking failed state , the shit politicians steal , lie , and continue to play the ethnicity card and are hard headed . 
  i think people are just trapped there : they vote for who they think is best ( if they vote at all ) and those politicians end up doing whatever they want ( usually in self-interest , see dodik 's villa he is building in the rich part of belgrade with taxpayer money ) . 
  in regards to your manhole story , i believe it , lol . 
  people steal them and probably take it to a recycling center for cash . 
  that 's just how shitty things are , throughout all of ex-yu . 
   the people there are fantastic and the hospitality is unmatched and that 's what fucking kills me , because we 're all ( bosniaks , croats , serbs ) people with `` big hearts '' if you will . 
  we 're all well known for our hospitality , even when we visit each other we always put out more food than is necessary , and there 's always the joke of getting into fights over who wants to pay the whole bill at restaurants/bars because no one wants to split the bill . 
  we take care of guests no matter who they are , lol . 
  it really sucks , because we 're more similar to each other than different . 
  more than likely why , yeah . 
  i never would have even thought about yemen either . 
  and walk around with a revolver in a holster . 
  serbs are definitely big on guns , the military is fairly well embedded in their history/culture/identity due to obvious historical reasons . 
  but as far is europe is concerned , would n't it be switzerland ? 
  kinda sad to see that no one wants to work to make their countries better , instead many of us ( bosniaks , croats , serbs , and other people from ex-yu and the balkans in general ) . 
  in a way , it makes me sad to see this kind of thing , it shows you people do n't have hope about the current situation or future so they go to countries that are already developed . 
  it 's great for them , really , it is : you move out of your developing country and go to a much better developed one with better developments , pay , quality , etc. 
  but what about back home ? 
  i know i kinda do n't have any place to talk due to my flair obviously , but i came here when i was two after moving from croatia with my parents after the war . 
  i personally ca n't help but to feel a sort of longing ( if that makes sense ) to see my home country but bosnia as well since i 'm a bosniak . 
  i 've never had enough money and when i finish my schooling here i would really like to go and open a business back home some day and live there . 
  i 've never seen my hometown and want to go , whereas other rije\u010dani are trying to get out . 
  it 's kinda funny . 
  but i absolutely understand why people are moving from their home countries and going to foreign ones instead . 
  their same skills they perform earn them much more money in germany vs bih due simply to the fact that it 's germany , lol . 
  germany is essentially the leader in the eu for all types of fields and industries whereas bosnia has none of those things ( or at least nowhere near the level of germany ) . 
  we south slavs are really an odd and unique people , we 're all over the world for the same reasons , going our different paths in life and a lot of people in the diaspora do n't care about their home countries . 
  btw : i 'm not 100 % against this type of thing , i 'm not some hardcore conservative .
