  i do believe however , that the post-war generation is key in creating a better country . 
  bosniaks , croats and serbs suffer due to their own leadership more than they suffer due to different ethnicities ' leaders . 
  one of america 's largest military installations in europe happens to be located in kosovo . 
  that 's who 's gon na stop them . 
  of course , this is all just vu\u010di\u0107 creating hype because he 's not doing well in the polls , but still . 
  something like this should n't be taken lightly . 
  i agree wholeheartedly !, 
  especially us younger people , i strongly think we can move forward and create a better country for all of us . 
  i mean , they can * try . 
  * it 's not gon na end well , but they are welcome to try . 
  edit : guys , downvote button does not equal `` disagree button '' lol, 
  translation plugged in to google translate :  at the beginning of the conversation draskovic commented on the current political situation in bih , and especially the policy of milorad dodik and celebrate unconstitutional on rs . 
   `` milorad dodik would have to accept the truth that the current serbian republic , as a multi-ethnic , pro-european and pro-democratic entity is not established on january 9 , 1992 in pale , but was founded in dayton in 1995 . 
  are irresponsible and dangerous statements dodik that the current serbian republic can to secede from bih and become independent or to become an integral part of serbia . 
  dodik knows very well that it would not be possible to carry out a peaceful way , because it is the so-called . 
  dodik 's quiet time ended in the same way as in 1992 , `` he said draskovic . 
   in recent months in bosnia , serbia and croatia , many mentioned the army and weapons , as some artfully used as a vehicle to promote their ideas evoke `` spirits of war '' of the 1990s . 
   `` a lot of the resurrected forces on the mental level of the evil of the 1990s in all countries of the former yugoslavia . 
  the causes for this state of affairs is much , because it is not derived radical cleansing policy of the media those who spread hatred and contributed to the war , '' said draskovic . 
   dodik was very pleased with the dayton agreement  however , when it comes to the position of the republic of serbian , draskovic stressed that he and dodik himself several times stated that he was very satisfied by the dayton agreement and that he himself would not be better put together , because it is particularly advantageous according to the rs . 
   `` dodik is in the war was a great opponent of radovan karadzic , and was a supporter of rapid bih 's accession to nato . 
  there was an obvious turning point , in my opinion , in the wrong direction , but may occur and a new twist in the right direction , '' he said draskovic klix.ba . 
   he believes , however , that with such rhetoric , no one , not even milorad dodik can not have a political future . 
   `` no one can have a political future to the invocation of the accident and deepening of hatred . 
  we are tired of all the hatred , they will kill us hate . 
  it is my personal commitment to historical reconciliation and strategic partnership between serbs and bosniaks in bih , and it coincides with the program of aleksandar vucic reconciliation and better cooperation , `` said draskovic . 
   last weekend news of the day in the region was a case of sending serbian train in kosovska mitrovica , which has further complicated relations between official belgrade and pristina . 
   `` making a train from belgrade to kosovska mitrovica , with descriptions in 21 languages ` kosovo is serbia ' was unnecessary , unwise , and it could happen and dangerous provocation . 
  fortunately , tragedy was avoided by the decision of prime minister aleksandar vucic that the train from raska returned to belgrade `` said draskovic . 
   he adds that those who have decided to send one such train from belgrade to kosovo did not consider the broader context and feelings . 
   `` i just asked the question ` engine drivers at the top '' , those that train headed to kosovo , in order to respond to russia ukrainians send their train to the crimea that says crimea , ukraine . 
  in this case , you had to think twice and realize that they must respect the beliefs and feelings of the other side . 
  on the other hand , it was dangerous and execution of long tubes on the tracks of the kosovo authorities , but fortunately , conflicts are avoided and i hope you will now enter the scene dialogue , `` says draskovic . 
   the war rhetoric  the public echoed the reaction of serbian president tomislav nikolic , who authorities in kosovo said that serbia is ready to war and defend their goals . 
   `` the reaction of serbian president tomislav nikolic and others who have mentioned the military , and military defense of their interests is expected , because it is a corpus of those people who are afraid of opening new chapter for serbia 's membership in the eu . 
  therefore , nikolic yesterday opened section 1990.-1991 . , and threatened the opening chapter in 1992 , a terrible chapter that has brought war , though now i do not believe that something like that could happen again , `` says draskovic . 
   in the end , says to aleksandar vucic , should he choose to run for a new president of serbia , to be realized , given the support he enjoys , but he believes he is not alone vucic is not sure whether it wants . 
   eastern europe  slovenia  croatia  serbia * triggered *, 
  yeah but these two situations are n't comparable . 
  what the fuck is this dickhead even talking about ? 
  * facepalms through face and out of back of head *, 
  over a fucking * train . 
  * * over a fucking train . 
  well would n't a larger economy mean less foreign aid since they 're doing better and thus better off than bih ? 
   0 um ... nepovratnih investicija unless you count those migs as an `` investment '' lol . 
  the us spending 10 billion is very surprising . 
  what 's also ironic is that serbia gets more foreign aid money from * turkey * than bosnia does . 
  people are lazy * and * stupid , it 's a dangerous combinatiom . 
  no worries mate . 
  unfortunately it * is * a common misconception . 
  i 'm a bosniak from croatia . 
  but thanks anyway . 
  is that the best you can do ? 
  germany was split into two entities and look at them now . 
  our people should follow their example . 
  then again , we are notoriously hardheaded . 
  but still . 
  one bosnia is best bosnia . 
   yeah , right . 
  i 'm pretty sure he does n't . 
  he 's either a massive fucking retard or he 's acting like one . 
   i 'm constantly hearing on this sub how russia is going to test nato etc. 
  they might not care about kosovo , but i 'm sure that they care about the humiliation that they suffered by being unable to stop it . 
  now i 'm * really * lost . 
   if the geopolitical situation allows it , serbian authorities should take back the control of the province . 
  poland will into space before that happens . 
  trump does not even know what a kosovo is . 
   would you bet that putin would not use the opportunity to stick it up to nato , undo the great humiliation that they endured on the geopolitical stage , and get a foothold in the balkans ? 
  russia has shit to gain from a colony like kosovo . 
  i do n't know why serbians think russians care about them . 
  they have more important things to do . 
   it 's still to early to celebrate anything , but the world is not how it was in 1999 . 
  if there 's an opportunity , serbia needs to take it . 
  i do n't quite understand this part , can you elaborate ? 
   they are whatever they want to be , it 's not up to you to tell other people what they are . 
  no , stop it . 
  they are what they are . 
  and they are bosnians . 
  that is a fact . 
  bosnia is their home , not serbia . 
  they live in bosnia . 
   cause it 's not working clever response . 
  it 's not working because there are two entities . 
  find me one country on earth that is split into entities that is doing well . 
  and has n't gone through a war . 
   and bosnia is not ? 
  see above . 
   ofcourse . 
  i am talking about `` what if '' here . 
  i mean why should n't the will of the people living there be tested and respected . 
  and i am not counting `` just because '' and `` thats how it should be '' as valid reasons . 
  can the minority in a country choose the outcome for the entire country ? 
   and other part of bosnia has ? 
  the `` federation '' actually is doing better than the rs . 
  not a whole lot better , but still better . 
  it still could n't function as its own country though . 
  not that it would ever need to . 
  what i 'm getting at is if all the institutions , resources , money , etc. 
  could all come together , there would be less corruption and all the processes in the country could go smoother . 
   that war was fought cause people could n't live together the war was fought due to the economy and due to politicians exaggerating their ideals .
