  period . 
  a unitary republic is the solution moving forward . 
  oops , just noticed that . 
  you 're right . 
  dude , what ? 
  we do n't speak different languages in the sense of german and french , we speak different languages in the sense of mexico spanish and spain spanish . 
  as for what it should be rightly called , it 's not up to me , i 'm not a linguist . 
  leaving yugoslavia was what any rational person would have done . 
  the economy was collapsing , people had to spend their paychecks before midnight on payday because the money made would have been useless the next day , and it reached the point where employees got paid in food and materials instead of money . 
  yugoslavia was failing , not because of ethnic reasons , but financial and political reasons . 
  serbs wanted to stay in a failing country . 
  bosniaks wanted to leave said failing country . 
  fearmongering and propaganda was ramped up , tensions were at a high , and then the war happened . 
  ( but i 'm sure you already know all of this . ), 
  your kid can perfectly understand croatian or serbian . 
  it does n't matter who the teacher is and what dialect they speak . 
  serbs teach at federation schools and bosniaks teach in the rs , so on and so forth . 
  we can understand each other just fine . 
  that map is from 1991 though . 
  so wrong !, 
  so sad !, 
  you fell for the fake news media !, 
  wrong !, 
  sad !, 
  i never said the division of yugo was a good thing , slow your roll . 
  had yugo stayed together , i think the whole of europe would have been different today . 
  why would division work ? 
  a bunch of statelets that are even poorer than bih is ? 
  splitting up an entire country and fucking up everything is better than a unitary state ? 
  bosnia is a shithole because of the federation and `` republika . '', 
  wrong !, 
  sad !, 
  serbs always say division is the best solution . 
  what about the idea of greater serbia ? 
  what about thousands of orthodox fighters who came from all over europe to fight solely because of `` orthodox brotherhood ? '', 
  what about the chetniks ? 
  from both ww2 and from the bosnian war ? 
  dissolve rs and dissolve the federation and create a unitary bosnia, 
  probably both but also people who just do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  foreigners try to involve themselves too much in our ( bosnia/croatia/serbia ) affairs . 
  ercegovci downvoting you, 
  wrong !, 
  sad !, 
  the police need to report these kinds of things , either that or the media needs to . 
  hey , which comment were you referring to ? 
  europe has been diverse for centuries , you need to be a little more specific . 
  no one should have to `` get used to it '' gtfo with that bullshit . 
  well then good . 
  but my problem is why nothing gets done when there is evidence someone is going to do something , and why after an attack the police say `` he was known to us '' or `` we were monitoring him . '', 
  i mean , what 's the point ? 
  so if there is evidence that you are * planning * one , you ca n't get locked up ? 
  it is not hard for modern systems to collect data like emails , text messages , phone calls , etc. 
  if something pops up , it can be flagged and attention can be brought to it . 
  i 'm not saying all out arrests under suspicion , i 'm saying monitoring and collecting evidence that something is going to happen . 
  then maybe present it to a judge or something , get a warrant , and make an arrest . 
  or something along those lines , idk , i 'm not a security expert . 
  in one of the recent attacks in london , the fbi warned the uk that the guy was planning something . 
  in january . 
  an intelligence agency across an ocean knew , but a domestic agency either did n't know or did n't do anything . 
  come on . 
  they know who potential terrorists are and they know they are connected to terrorists . 
  they should do something about it . 
  yes , i am aware the situation is not as bad as it is being made out to be . 
  i am saying there are elements in the right who believe so . 
  all you have to do is google `` breitbart sweden '' and you will see . 
  some people treat these alternative news sites like the word of god . 
  the american right and `` alt-right '' seem to think so . 
  they also seem to think sweden is under attack and some kind of `` rape capital . '', 
  populism is not going to solve anything . 
  what if i told you you could take a zero tolerance stance towards this kind of thing without being a populist ? 
  we see that with trump in the us . 
  i was pissed i had to vote between a criminal with ties to all sorts of crime or an absolute fucking moron . 
  so because of that , i voted for gary johnson . 
  you also probably think sweden is now some kind of sharia shithole . 
  honestly . 
  there 's no fucking point , it 's really just adding insult to injury . 
  `` yeah we knew about him but did n't really do anything '' well why ? 
  no one should have to get used to it , that 's the thing . 
  it 's fucking bullshit and no one is doing anything about it . 
  watch another article come out in a few days , `` brussels subway bomber was planning attack '' well if the son of a bitch was planning it and the police or national intelligence knew , why did n't they do anything ? 
  really sick and tired of seeing this kind of thing . 
  reminds me of velen/crow 's perch . 
  in a good way though . 
  do people live there ? 
  come on , that would be hilarious . 
  you actually linked b92 like we 're supposed to take them seriously . 
  i 'm convinced he does n't even exist . 
  reeeeee we 've been deceived !, 
  so fn were always losers . 
  good to know . 
  he had a record of cannabis possession , so he could n't get one legally anyway , if people could get them with reasonable background checks . 
  just goes to show , no matter how strict gun laws are , criminals will always have them and the average law-abiding citizen is fucked . 
  condolences to the families . 
  this is stupid, 
  dude , idk where you 're getting all this from . 
  there * is * a difference , arbih in sarajevo was not trying to actively kick serbs out , this is the first time i 'm ever hearing of this . 
  i 'll never understand this whole herceg bosna thing . 
  the siege of sarajevo was going on . 
  i strongly doubt the government was kicking out serbs . 
  they left either because they * feared * what you 're implying would happen , or they left so the vrs would n't blow them to fucking pieces .
