  it 's a fact that a responsible , educated , and armed society does just fine . 
  chicago enacted very strict gun laws . 
  they quickly became the most violent city in america subsequently . 
  you ca n't conceal a rifle . 
  a pistol , however , is concealable . 
  in the states , most people can get rifles at 18 . 
  however , you need to be 21 to purchase a handgun from a licensed store . 
  that does n't mean you ca n't be 18 and inherit one from say , your grandfather , though . 
  primarily for children 's safety . 
  i live in the states and even though my gun is in my safe , i do n't keep it loaded ( not that it 's required to be like that , but it 's the safest way ) . 
  if you 're responsible and not a fucking retard , guns are fine . 
   they do , rs is an autonomous entity . 
  they 're already an insolvent shithole , and that 's as a part of bih . 
  if they secede i give them a month before they start starving . 
   a serbian country for serbs . 
  they have that , it 's called serbia . 
  bosnia is for bosnians . 
  ah yes , foreign corporations looking for cheap workers in poorer countries . 
  sounds very familiar . 
  yeah , yugoslavia is gon na come back , too . 
  this time around slovenia and croatia will join yugoslavia and leave the eu for better economic opportunity outside the eu . 
  lol . 
  cyka blyat , rush b use p-90, 
  he was a * hard * motherfucker man , if we put his dirty laundry aside for a minute . 
  damn , we posted that almost at the same time , lol . 
  basically . 
  while he did fucked up shit , he was a badass too . 
  * escaped from a russian prison in ww1 after leading an uprising in said prison . 
  he then escsped russia via train and ran into russian police on the train and only escaped because he learned russian fluently from reading books . 
  his russian was so good he fooled the cops into thinking he was russian . 
  * later in yugoslavia , stalin tried to make yugo a satellite . 
  tito said `` nah , fuck that . '', 
  so stalin sent something like 5-6 assassins and all of them were caught . 
  tito then said to stalin , `` stop sending people to kill me , we caught them all , i 'll send one person to moscow and wo n't have to send another '' and stalin never tried shit again . 
  he said that to the leader of a world power and lived to tell the tale . 
  i think that 's incredible . 
  yeah , he actually was not `` best buddies '' with stalin . 
  soviet assassins tried * several * times to assasinate him and were never successful . 
  * the soviets * tried and could n't get rid of the leader of a nation of only 20 million . 
  `` which one of you is marko ? '', 
  `` we are all marko . '', 
  is there a problem in your country ? 
  was there some sort of election interference ? 
  did your toilet clog today ? 
  did you fail your calculus final ? 
  if the answer to any of these questions is yes , chances are , vladdy had something to do with it !, 
  to help solve your problem just dial 1-800-vlad and we at blamerussia , inc. will gladly assist you !, 
  that 's a new one . 
  hahaha, 
  no , no the one to the left of him . 
  the girl on the left looks like a moose or a camel . 
  edit : she looks like scooby doo too . 
  `` frugal '' slavs unite !, 
  party and bullshit and party and bullshit, 
  what would we do without the big , sad , frozen dick ? 
  ca n't we just all get along ? 
  * biggie smalls voice *, 
  scandinavia or depressed penis ? 
  you decide . 
  this makes me happy , 
  can confirm . 
  lol, 
  as opposed to falsekey ? 
  with extra butter and a large soda . 
  everyone grab your popcorn and let your scheduled balkan shitshow begin !, 
  what is a vampire trap ? 
  but it must be shit , right ? 
  `` hey let 's build these really good fighter jets . '', 
  `` you 're right , we totally should . '', 
  * a little while later * `` hey let 's stop using these really good fighter jets and get some * really good * fighter jets instead . '', 
  `` well what will we do with the old ones ? '', 
  `` get rid of them . '', 
  `` so we 're gon na sell them ? '', 
  `` no , scrap that shit . '', 
  swedish government logic ? 
  lol no worries dude , it 's the internet . 
  yeah , being the top economy in europe fucked you guys up pretty good . 
  well i can assure you i 'm not one of them but i know what you mean . 
  was * sorry grammar nazi . 
  yeah , i stopped watching the video about halfway through . 
  extremely cancerous . 
  yugoslavia is a * completely * different situation . 
  also , the war being based on ethnicity solely is probably one of the biggest misconceptions in history . 
  hundreds of thousands of people identified as yugoslavs . 
  his little tirade about bosnia was funny too . 
  prior to the war , no one gave a shit about your religion . 
  people willingly participated in each other 's holidays . 
  not to mention all the interreligious/interethnic marriages . 
  i myself am a bosniak and have half-serb cousins . 
  one of whom is actually a professor at the university of belgrad . 
  we were all just talking about something like this yesterday with the whole burka thing . 
  there are simply just too many of them who do n't want to adapt to the culture of the country they are in . 
  hey . 
  hey , guys . 
  let 's move to romania . 
  i 'm a bosniak . 
  i agree with you though . 
  not many croatians convicted , when there was clearly shit going on, 
  shit , you found me again ? 
  it was a joke bro .
