  i 'm just stating facts , if you will . 
  triggered triggered triggered , safe zone engaged, 
  you 're triggering me pls stop bc you just made me uncomfortable over the internet / s but seriously , the other person did n't really make a valid point , it 's not a patriarchy problem in turkey , it 's an autocracy problem . 
  ah yes , the `` patriarchy . '', 
  i find it incredible everything can be blamed on the `` patriarchy . '', 
  afaik the only places that have actual patriarchs are orthodox christian countries . 
  also , you linked hurriyet , which i 'm pretty sure is cancer in news format . 
  yes . 
  lol, 
  the memes will consume you, 
  i think this picture is deeper than just what we see here at face value . 
  allow me to explain : * the snowman on the right could very well be a reflection of the real man sitting next to him and his troubles that he keeps bottled up . 
  * the snowman to the left has his back turned to the man who is clearly dealing with profound personal issues . 
  this could very well be representative of people not caring about anyone else but themselves . 
  ( alternative theory : russia . ), 
  * notice how the shadow of the tree branch in front of the man bears an uncanny resemblance to a scythe . 
  is the man in such a poor mood because he knows death is approaching ? 
  actually yeah , we do n't learn much about serbia in the states . 
  wow i 've never heard of that region up until now . 
  serbs supplying muslims with weapons ? 
  i call that progress . 
  so you must be pretty close to gornja mao\u010da then , since that 's pretty much their only `` stronghold '' if you can even call it that . 
  but regardless , it 's proven that many of them go to countries like germany , denmark , sweden , etc and abuse the benefits there . 
  they do n't work and just collect welfare when that money could go to struggling families who do n't make enough to pay bills . 
  yeah but i thought that was an american thing , lol . 
  the fuck . 
  this shit is never really going to stop , is it ? 
  i 'm all for people immigrating if their lives were really ruined by the war , they need it the most . 
  but these are just fucking bottom feeders who want to leave their countries for anything but refugee related matters . 
  ^ when an english person corrects another english person on their english ( which is strange because you would think that english people would know english due to them being english and thus speaking english their entire lives ) . 
  well , shit . 
  i 'll take a look thanks . 
  yeah , the gulenists , right ? 
  so he basically had the perfect conditions to get more support , the gulenists + coup = big win for erdogan . 
  thanks . 
  pa jebi ga , onda , happy holidays lol . 
  ok now i understand , so erdogan just wants to have full power and not have another figure in the picture , regardless as to whether or not the president has power . 
  and yes , congress can override the president with enough votes . 
  but yeah , that makes sense . 
  if people were praising terrorist attacks , they should absolutely be investigated . 
  2024 is even worse , but never say never , things could change until then . 
  i 'm still confused , is erdogan the shot caller or is the `` president ? '', 
  if so , what 's the point of the president ? 
  was n't the purpose of the coup to get rid of him ? 
  also , why exactly is the economy not doing well ? 
  2021 you have got to be kidding me . 
  can he be impeached or did he make it so that he is immune to impeachment ? 
  in north korea , she probably would have gotten life in jail or some other wild shit . 
  you just fucking * had * to , did n't you ? 
  so you 're telling me even if another party wins the elections , he will still be turkey 's leader ? 
  essentially meaning he can lock up the new winner and go back to doing whatever he wants ? 
  who the fuck designed that system ? 
  with things like this consistently happening , how is erdogan 's approval rating in turkey ? 
  can any turks fill me in ? 
  and if his approval is dropping , what would be the likelihood of him winning office again in the next elections ? 
  he 'll probably throw a hissy fit if he does n't win . 
  a lot of right wing people see slavs/eastern europeans as trash . 
  yeah , if i point my magazine at you , the bullet can just fly out and hit you at 1200fps . 
  and there 's certainly a point to be made there , i 'm not against such an idea . 
  the question is , how do you go about it , you know what i mean ? 
  wtf . 
  so the magazine has to be in the gun and empty , and the 2nd safe has to have ammo ? 
  you ca n't have a loaded magazine in one , and the gun in the other ? 
  it 's not a question of if , it 's a question of responsibility . 
  that 's still kinda shitty to me . 
  open one safe , grab my gun , then run over to the other side of my room and open up my safe with magazines in it . 
  yes , buying a weapon privately from someone is legal . 
  of course , you can also refuse to sell the weapon , period . 
  this is another time when responsibility comes into account . 
  if you as the seller do not feel ok about selling your gun to an individual after meeting them , do n't sell it . 
  again , gang members do not do these things . 
  they buy weapons that are not regulated and have their serials scratched off . 
  gangsters do n't go to gun shows . 
  people at gun shows are responsible people with clean records . 
  that 's kinda fucked up . 
  so if a dude breaks into your house , you got ta go to two different rooms in order to be ready to defend yourself , correct ? 
  yes , but he lives in an area surrounded by crime . 
  you also did n't provide anything to back up your claim . 
  the guy in the hood did n't go to a licensed store because he already has a record . 
  the background check would show that and the gun store aka ffl ( ffl , federal firearms license ) * can not * under * any * circumstances sell that weapon to him . 
  so what does he do ? 
  he buys a shit gun made in ** whenever the fuck ** from the same dude his buddy bought it from for around $ 200-300 . 
  is the gun a piece of shit that probably is dangerous for the person using it ? 
  yes . 
  but it 's also dangerous for the person getting shot by it , so the dude will buy it from an illegal weapons dealer . 
  every state requires background checks when purchasing from federally licensed stores . 
  please provide evidence to back your claim . 
  it takes a special idiot to commit crime with a legally acquired weapon . 
  that is a good point , yes . 
  but if a kid somehow got access to it , well ... me personally , my handgun is locked in a small safe under my bed that fits it just perfectly for 2 magazines and a couple boxes of ammo . 
  one magazine is loaded , and that 's for if ( god forbid ) someone breaks in . 
  only i and my father ( he is former jna and croatian army ) have access to the key , so there is no chance of my little brother opening it ( he 's 12 and i 've educated him thoroughly on guns and the risks/responsibilities associated ) . 
  that 's true , but with the proper education and checks , i think more people could be allowed to own . 
  i 'm in favor of people doing x amount of hours in classes ( that they pay for with their money ) and taking knowledge tests and getting a certificate . 
  then , they go on from there ( background checks , etc ) . 
  the problem is implementing it . 
  he did say you need to join a club , yes . 
  what do you mean by your sentiment ? 
  you asked a question lol . 
  edit : wait , you 're asking why he can get a pistol before the rifle , correct ?
