  i understand no one was an angel . 
  not us bosniaks either . 
  but your terrorism thing is kinda wrong . 
  we could all be called terrorists more or less . 
  [ look at the definition . 
  it does n't just pertain to religion . 
  political purposes as well . 
  ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/terrorism ) also : if we 're gon na be technical , they attacked * soldiers * not civilians . 
  it could technically be considered an act of war . 
  ok so you ca n't say they committed `` isis like shit . '', 
  serbs were no better . 
  serbs could be called christian isis when you see their actions . 
  you also ca n't single out the actions of several individuals, 
  so you mean to tell me that #serbs did n't carry out massive ethnic cleansing in bosnia ? 
  improving ethnic relations is a key step . 
  absolutely a key step , and i would go as far as to say it 's one of the most important parts of trying to fix the country and make it viable . 
  i never said shit about kosovo 's independence . 
  i 'm not entirely sure about the whole history , but from what i know albanians were always mistreated . 
  i will say this though : you guys got fucked over really bad in 99 . 
  you were illegally bombed and no one really did shit about it . 
  the kla was also listed by the un as a terrorist group when they formed a few years before the conflict , yet the west still supported them . 
  very dirty . 
  the rs just ca n't have sovereignty . 
  nothing good will come from it . 
  no one will recognize them and sanctions will be extremely harsh . 
  not to mention starting another war . 
  underrated . 
   i assure you , public support is for a free rs [ look at either the 3rd or 4th chart . 
  all age groups are in favor of keeping bosnia together . 
  especially what the article calls the dayton generation . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/monkey-cage/wp/2016/02/02/20-years-after-dayton-heres-what-bosnians-think-about-being-divided-by-ethnicity/?client=safari ) the rs is already insolvent as a * part * of bosnia due to various reasons including their own hard headedness . 
  what on earth makes you think they can survive as an independent state ? 
  i 'd really love to see them try . 
  they simply do n't have the resources to exist on their own . 
  good luck with that . 
  honestly . 
  i also really hope you do n't think i have something against serbs , btw . 
  i 've met plenty from bih and serbia and they were all great . 
  * scratches head in bosnian *, 
  so serbs have never done things that could be deemed terrorism . 
  interesting . 
  you ca n't really point fingers with dirty hands . 
  please elaborate on how a serb from bosnia has any claim to kosovo . 
  it honestly does n't make sense to me . 
  when the hell did i or other croats/bosniaks ever say vojvodina would separate ? 
  i do n't give a flying * fuck * about them . 
  i 've never even seen croat nationalists say that , can you please elaborate ? 
  also i 'm a bosniak . 
  i just so happen to be from croatia . 
  what gives me the impression is in the political situation in bih . 
  if dodik tries to secede , serbia wo n't give a shit about him and would most likely condemn the act . 
  vu\u010di\u0107 has openly said he wishes to see a whole bosnia . 
  if you guys are really so close , you would support each other regardless of the situation . 
  but your new government sees clearly that the rs politicians are extrememly provocative and are actively looking to start shit , so ( as far as i can tell ) there are not really great relations between you guys , in the political spectrum , at least . 
  i also am not aware of any kind of attitude of bosnian serbs being peasants . 
  a lot of people in bosnia are peasants . 
  all 3 major groups . 
  i also never said bosnian serbs were n't real serbs . 
  i just said they 're different from you . 
  if you really want to get into it : bosnian serbs are more similar to bosniaks and bosnian croats than they are to serbians . 
  serbians are closer to bulgarians . 
  [ see here . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/btsu4rh ) edit : what i 'm trying to say is , you are not all the same just because you are serbs . 
  a lot more goes into making a people than their name or genetics . 
  not sure what you 're talking about . 
   srbijanci and bosanci are the same thing please gtfo . 
  srbijanci and bosnian serbs are * not * the same . 
  * you guys * do n't even want anything to do to them . 
  edit : i should add you as a serbian are the only one with any real claim to kosovo as i already said . 
  bosnian serbs do not have any claim just because they are ethnically serbs . 
  it is not `` yours . '', 
  you are a bosnian serb therefore you have no claim to kosovo . 
  serbian serbs have a claim to kosovo . 
  why are you criticizing them ? 
  do you hate your country?how dare you ? 
  shhhh !, 
  you ca n't say that !, 
  you 'll be labeled anti-hdz !, 
  that does n't make any fucking sense . 
  they just declared not long ago they want to oust assad . 
  then russia questioned them on what they meant , then shortly after russia said it was assad 's forces that killed 4 turkish soldiers in a bombing . 
  so is assad a terrorist too ? 
  and if they go after him wo n't they go to war with russia sooner or later ? 
  at least we have * something * nice . 
  we 're pretty much up to par with the rest of europe in roads . 
  why have a good economy when you can have good asphalt instead ? 
  ok , enough internet for one day . 
  but before i log off , i guess you could say he was ... #in deep, 
  can confirm . 
  yeah , this shit could never go wrong . 
  right ? 
  [ no thanks . 
  that 's a good way to put it . 
  a little late , but `` fjaka '' borrowed from italian `` fiacca '' i believe . 
  fjaka is basically a state of laziness where you do n't really wan na do anything . 
  thank you , serbians are basically bulgarians lol, 
  that 's a good map too , but what about the other haplogroups ? 
  step 4 : listen to serbs say that bosniaks are serb muslim convert traitors and croats are serb catholics and watch as another war starts, 
  til that i ca n't trust anything anymore . 
  everything we thought we knew is a lie .
