  ca n't argue with you there . 
  never been but it looks nice . 
  it 's still part of alabama though . 
  so it must * not * be nice . 
  knowing how shit works over there , he 'll probably be let off with a slap on the wrist . 
  you clearly do not understand south slavs . 
  wow so it 's still not enough smh . 
  i actually live right by where we had that little spat with the russians . 
  one of them came into my apartment and pointed his gun at me so i instinctively said `` cyka blyat , rush b p-90 '' and then he nodded his head and left . 
  very crazy experience . 
  * [ ahhh , i see what you did there ] ( http://thumbpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/oh-i-see-what-you-did-there.jpg ) *, 
  no rly i 'm being srs . 
  despite my flair i actually live in the us . 
  i 'm just from croatia . 
  i live in georgia which just so happens to be alabama 's neighbor , and it 's a shitty place . 
  alabama is a shitty place . 
  gib sea . 
  we sure know how to pick 'em . 
  it is middle eastern culture to wear it , women wear it out of decency and to respect their husband as well as to show a sense of submission to the husband . 
  as i said earlier , the burka is not a religious belief , tradition , or practice . 
  it is middle eastern culture . 
  well a holiday and a form of dress are two different things . 
  it does not say anywhere in the holy text as afaik to cover yourself from head to toe . 
  what i meant by the comment is that they do n't want to adapt german culture and wear regular clothes . 
  please tell me where . 
  what the * fuck * are you talking about ? 
  you are the pefect example of our unique bosniak hardheadedness . 
  people died at silos . 
  the father of the family i knew was beaten by our men and his brother was killed . 
  i 'm not trying to compare it at all you moron , i 'm simply saying * we had camps too . 
  holy shit dude . 
  i used my example to prove it was real . 
  it was operated by either us or the arbih directly . 
  we held and killed innocent serbs . 
  it was not right , and whoever participated should be put in court and then jailed . 
  you 're literally sitting here and saying `` we killed less of them than and they killed more of us '' which is fucking stupid . 
  the point is this : ** crimes were committed on all 3 sides and no matter who did more or less , it should all be treated equally ** i 'm aware they did more . 
  i 'm not sitting here saying that 's ok . 
  i 'm saying we did shit too . 
  whether it was officially ordered or not . 
  i 'm aware . 
  we did less . 
  i 'm not stupid . 
  i 've seen various stats that show we were better when it came to leaving religious places alone . 
  you 're sitting here trying to say `` oh we killed less than them , we destroyed less churches than they did mosques , etc. '', 
  and it 's retarded . 
  whoever from us was killing civilians should be punished . 
  just like how serbs and croats are being punished . 
  i personally knew a serb family when i lived in north carolina , it was about 12 years or so ago . 
  my family and theirs visited each other 's houses every weekend and had food and drinks . 
  they had two kids that were college students , and the father was held in silos . 
  he had the scars on his stomach and chest to prove it . 
  his brother was killed by arbih soldiers , yet he still was friends with us , and my dad also helped his son get a job at a telecomms company called mci . 
  this man was beaten and his brother was killed by our people yet he * still * was friends with us . 
  so yes . 
  silos was very real . 
  you also used a 7 year old article from balkan insight for fuck 's sake . 
   i sincerely hope you are n't trying to compare this camp with omarska , keraterm , trnopolje , luka or batkovici . 
  are you retarded or just pretending to be ? 
  i 'm simply saying that we do ** not have clean hands ** because war is war . 
  i 'm aware . 
  i read the article and i know the history . 
  just because we did n't do anything as bad as them does n't make us any better . 
  we still killed their civilians and we still committed other crimes against them . 
  and any of us who did should be brought to justice . 
  same as how courts are bringing theirs to justice . 
  we were n't some kind of saints just because we had to bear the brunt of everything . 
  if we wanted to show that we 're `` better '' we should have had a policy that strictly enforced rules against those kinds of things . 
  i understand no one is an angel during war , but if these kinds of things can be at least * limited , * i am 100 % for it . 
  tell me , have you heard of a camp called silos that we held in sarajevo for mostly serbs ? 
  yes , the majority of dead were us , but that does n't mean that we should focus solely on bosniaks . 
  innocent serbs and croats died by our hands as well , and we should take responsibility for it . 
  actually , everyone should be taking responsibility for civilian dead . 
  good god . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  all that time spent to find them only to find out they 're dead . 
  the war should have never fucking happened . 
  i 'm glad he found them . 
  were they somewhere in yugoslavia or abroad ? 
  that 's fucked up . 
  wearing a burka is not a religious matter , it 's a cultural matter . 
  islam does not say officially that women should cover up , that 's just the culture in the middle east . 
  why is the default choice for a slow economy immediately leaving the euro ? 
  can someone please explain this to me ? 
  it 's my understanding that a `` yes '' vote would have meant actually trying to repair the economy and making italy 's congress less powerful by cutting their member count . 
  would n't working on the economy be something favorable since italy is n't doing too hot right now ? 
  cabbage , too . 
  those damn slavs . 
  but cigarettes seem to be our specialty . 
  why do slavs always smuggle cigarettes ? 
  that 's a shame . 
  black flag was a great game too , btw . 
  the last good one they made , imo . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosniaks ), 
  bosnians are anyone from bosnia . 
  then you have within that serbs , croats , and bosniaks . 
  actually , everyone was fairly civil . 
  killing soldiers is an act of war . 
  i did an edit in my reply .
