  there 's a difference . 
  if a picture was taken in slavonia , it would n't say `` city name , slavonia '' or `` city name , slavonia , croatia '' it would just say `` city name , croatia '', 
  still bosnia lol . 
  you should also note it says `` in the ` republika srpska ' entity '', 
  ok , to be serious now . 
  his descriptions are very provocative and misleading and mention the `` republic of srpska '' as if it is its own country . 
  it is not . 
  when mentioning cities , it 's blatantly retarded to say banja luka , `` republic of srpska '' and not banja luka , bosnia and herzegovina . 
  that is the problem here . 
  vi\u0161egrad is a bosnian city . 
  banja luka is a bosnian city . 
  tjenti\u0161te is a bosnian war monument . 
  that is not what the descriptions imply . 
  these were taken in the country of bosnia and herzegovina . 
  these pictures were taken in a country that is known as the republic of bosnia and herzegovina . 
  you would be visiting bosnia . 
  the whole country itself . 
  do you want to get dragged into bosnia ? 
  flight tickets from other european countries should be pretty cheap . 
  if you book them now , and travel in the summer , you can get great deals on flights . 
  i encourage you to visit all parts of bosnia that you can . 
  no , i agree with you , bosnia is a lovely country with its mountains , flowing rivers , and snow-covered , picturesque cities . 
  yes , bosnia is really a beautiful country . 
  you 're nitpicking and you know what i actually mean . 
  it is confirmed that the number of bosniaks fighting for is is between 200-300 . 
  iirc , to find the percentage , you enter 300/1 ,769,000 and you get your answer . 
  yes , bosnia is truly beautiful . 
  there are breathtaking mountains , lovely cities , and bridges that have stood for centuries . 
  bosnia is a beautiful country with all types of different scenery . 
  yes , bosnia and herzegovina is a beautiful country . 
  turkey does n't care about bosnia . 
  turkey sends more foreign aid money to serbia , and recently pledged to create 2,000 jobs in a textile factory in ni\u0161 , serbia . 
  i have yet to see the turks do that in bosnia . 
  ( nothing against serbia , that 's great for them and their economy/workforce ) in regards to your earlier comment about `` is '' influence spreading to kosovo , albania , and bosnia , it 's irrelevant . 
  there are approximately anywhere between 200-300 bosniaks ( unfortunately ) fighting for the `` islamic state . '', 
  there are 1.7 million bosniaks in bosnia , with many more around the world , so let 's say roughly 3 million total . 
  out of the 1.7 million in bosnia , that would mean 0.00016 % are ~ ~ radical jihadis ~ ~ fighting for is . 
  they are nowhere near important enough to be a threat . 
  you should be more concerned with belgians and swedes who are leaving to go fight . 
  they 're in much greater numbers and are coming from eu member states . 
   serbia is reacting to that with their support for srpska republic they have been doing that since 1992 . 
  serbia is obligated to preserve the integrity of bosnia because they 're a guarantor of the dayton accords , as well as croatia and the us . 
  if serbia were to support the secession of rs ( which they do n't ) they would be in direct violation of the dayton accords . 
  poland can into belarus . 
   sees yugoslavia included in the ussr triggered, 
  i do n't think serbia is really in their sphere of influence . 
  there 's just not a whole lot there . 
  uh , i never said any of that , lol . 
  i was just asking essentially how is greece still functioning . 
  i would genuinely like to know how greece still even exists . 
  i will never understand why people think the russians and serbians are some kind of `` great brothers . '', 
  the truth is that they 're not , there are only small government ties . 
  it 's just serbian and russian nationalists who genuinely think that . 
  the average serbian does not give two fucks about russia , and vice-versa . 
  nope . 
  fake news . 
  believe me , i know . 
  uhhh , i think you meant buddhist from argentina . 
  stop it with your alternative facts . 
  well he is documented as calling himself a croatian . 
  and if you do n't agree , then that 's fake news . 
  must be south slav . 
  close enough . 
  just remember , pu\u0161enje ubija and pu\u0161enje ubija . 
  two different languages . 
  not quite . 
  `` smoking kills . '', 
  gotcha , thanks . 
  i 'm a bosniak from croatia too, 
  but when macedonians go on zvezde granda , i can roughly understand them . 
  idk . 
  that makes a lot of sense , thanks . 
  fuck , now i 'm the slovenian . 
  i 've never heard `` zahod '' before . 
  gotcha , so it 's probably like us and the macedonians . 
  oh , ok , so what about swedish ? 
  so norwegian and danish are mutually intelligible ? 
  that 's so interesting . 
  you got it, 
  but is n't there actually low mutual intelligibility ? 
  i 'm a bosniak , no usta\u0161e around here zds, 
  afaik , yes . 
  also things like `` snig '' instead of `` snijeg '' or `` sneg '' like you guys . 
  also yes for `` pomidor . '', 
  i 'm pretty \u0161ure, 
  not bad . 
  not bad at all . 
  i 'm mad i fell for it . 
  yeah , it literally looks like something you 'd see on a meteor that landed in the middle of nowhere . 
  croatians use latin now , just like all normal people . 
  the whole point of the joke is to show off the irony . 
  the cyrillic says the same thing as the latin , but the only difference is the alphabet itself . 
  i 've never heard a bosnian say mleko in my life , but i 've heard serbians say that . 
  came here expecting to see him play a guitar solo . 
  i did not see him play a guitar solo . 
  live from the wc, 
  there was an early slavic alphabet called [ glagolitic ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/glagolitic_script ) that was used by slavs but later dropped and replaced with cyrillic . 
  it looks pretty crazy and kinda similar to the old hungarian you linked . 
  the croats were the only people who preserved it and continued to use it . 
  that 's actually kinda badass .
