  we 're decently active considering our subscriber count . 
  dude , this is the europe subreddit . 
  not just people , but oxygen particles too . 
  even the worms are serbs . 
  the earth is a serb , so is the sun , and all the other planets , even the universe is a serb , i know because a serb told me . 
  underrated comment . 
  yes , they are a muderous regime that imprisons and kills its citizens that are largely innocent . 
  they also put the next several generations of a family in prison and they are sentenced to hard labor . 
  children are not excluded either ( as far as i know ) . 
  additionally , if the country you are in is allied , for whatever reason , with north korea , then sure . 
  it seems you do n't understand the implications and messages that flying an is flag under the guise of `` free speech '' carries . 
  i think it 's you who does n't understand it , lol . 
  i 'm not the one defending people flying the flag of a terrorist organization that has committed great atrocities and neither are the majority of people here in the comments . 
  how many more comments are you going to reply to saying `` i guess you hate free speech '' ? 
  you replied to mine and several others saying the same thing , are you okay ? 
  i mean really , you seriously condone people flying the flag of a terror group and use the guise of free speech to defend your statement ? 
  do you mean that flying the flag of a group of muderous animals should actually be allowed ? 
  i 'm not quite following here . 
  but i still do n't see a real reason for him to invade the rest of europe , does he really think he stands a chance ? 
  that could also very quickly lead to nuclear conflict if the us got involved and if we all start using nukes , that pretty much means no more europe , russia , or america , so the whole world would go to shit , lol . 
  there 's no doubt about that , but i think even he knows it would be uniquely stupid to try to go against nato , or even the us itself . 
  ukraine was a different situation , and as far as i know , ukraine is n't nato ( correct me if i 'm wrong ), 
  i strongly doubt the russians `` want '' war . 
  this is just senseless paranoia and hype . 
  wtf this is crazy i 've never heard of this, 
  you guys listen to our bands over there ? 
  that 's awesome lol . 
  i honestly listen to divlje jagode on a daily basis , i think they 're in the top 5 bands from the yugo days . 
  well that 's awesome and you guys have some pretty sick music !, 
  these were pretty cool , what country are you from ? 
  [ i see what you did there ] ( http://img.memecdn.com/i-see-what-you-did-there_o_514831.gif ), 
  forgot [ these guys ] ( http://youtu.be/xsvcjpj5ylc ) too . 
  it was just your mental implant malfunctioning , you need to be reprogrammed and accept the meatballs . 
  what if sweden is actually just something non-existent but it 's been planted in our brains to trick us into thinking it 's real ? 
  is ikea even real ? 
  are volvo cars simply some kind of hallucination ? 
  we may never know . 
  he was carrying out a revenge mission for the harambe revolutionary front . 
  it 's probably just an old-ass map . 
  to the best of my knowledge the primary focus of oluja was not to kill and remove them but rather to engage rsk forces and take back territory . 
  were there croatian killings of serb civilians ? 
  of course . 
  but the croatian army did not make its sole intention to kill civilians and civilians only . 
  oluja celebrations are just outright fucking stupid and are only usually done by nationalist dickbrains . 
  i do n't need to know anything about your orthodox volunteers , i already know what i need too . 
  it 's just that you were so casually mentioning the volunteers from other sides but you were n't mentioning the volunteers on your side . 
  as long as unifying the two entities is done properly , it would be extremely foolish not to do it . 
  if someone were able to provide good enough reasons and if the serbs could trust him/her , and if that person made good on their word , why would n't they dissolve it and become whole ? 
  as i said before , secession will not bring you anything good , do you honestly think you even have the capability to function as an independent country ? 
  merging the two and all their agencies , police , governments , etc. 
  would produce an actual ( get ready ) functioning country . 
  then there would have to be a cleansing of corrupt/nationalist/shit politicians and replacing them with multi-ethnic politicians who will work for the greater good of the whole country and all people in them . 
  all of this of course , would have to be done over time . 
  we would also have to change the entire system , we would need to find a way to give people jobs and to give the youth a reason to stay in bosnia and not run off to germany or sweden or wherever the fuck else . 
  i 'm not saying the croatians did n't cleanse serbs , no one is a fucking angel in war . 
  i 'm not here to discuss their acts , i said that it 's ridiculous to `` celebrate '' the holiday . 
  also : ethnic cleansing falls under genocide and includes mass murder , rape , and forcing out populations . 
  so yes , actually , there was genocide in other places besides srebrenica . 
  edit : as i mentioned earlier , you still did not want to add anything about your orthodox volunteers . 
  but it 's so easy to talk about those assholes who came to the bosniak side , right ? 
  it 's so easy to talk about the assholes who came to the croat side , right ? 
  gtfo . 
  exactly what am i imagining ? 
  serbia said it wants to see bosnia whole . 
  russia said the same thing . 
  dodik is always running off to russia as if they give a fuck about him . 
  our equipment came from the to initially did it not ? 
  then weapons were captured from you and the croats correct ? 
  then bih became self sufficient to a degree , correct ? 
  all those industrial complexes could surely produce bullets and rifles , i do n't see how it would be difficult . 
  grounding your airforce and bombing you does not equal taking your weapons away , are you high ? 
  i 'm not saying we were some kind of big heroes , all i 'm saying is that it was harder for us to fight you than it was for you to fight us . 
  do you truly also think that your survival would n't depend on the international community ? 
  you came to croatia in tanks and left in tractors . 
  i hope you do n't think i actually want something to happen again , i truly want more than anything , for our people ( bosniaks ) to live together again peacefully with yours and with the croats . 
  i really do want for everyone to live together with no problems , i want everyone to be able to work together and make a better country for everyone , because we 're truthfully all more similar to one another than different but we 're all hard-headed and intentionally do n't want to let go of bullshit from the past . 
  but we need to overcome that , because while we 're all arguing and flinging shit at each other , the rest of the world is advancing and doing great things . 
  i personally believe we are all extremely capable and intelligent people and i believe that we can contribute much to europe and the rest of the world , ( as we did when we were under one flag ) but we need to stop this fucking circus that we have in bih and understand that none of the leadership has the interests of the people in their hearts , and that the way things are now can not yield to anything positive in the near future . 
  of course it 's not up to me , it 's the fact that serbs know they ca n't but they seem to act like they can . 
  even serbia is tired of the rs 's shit and dodik is even annoying the fuck out of russia , just look at putin 's face when the cunt had to take pictures with him . 
  secession will not do anything good for the serbs . 
  ok , so where the fuck did you get your weapons ? 
  did you plant seeds and zastavas suddenly sprouted out of the ground and did tanks magically appear from thin air ? 
  nato did n't take your shit until after the war . 
  no , vi\u0161egrad , srebrenica and most of eastern bosnia . 
  just take a look at [ ethnic maps ] ( https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:ethnic_makeup_of_bosnia_and_herzegovina_before_and_after_the_war.jpg#mw-jump-to-license ) before and after the war . 
  places that were very mixed with serbs and bosniaks became predominantly serb afterwards . 
  that is called ethnic cleansing/genocide . 
  i never said anything about foreign volunteers . 
  but while we 're on that topic , do n't forget to mention your greek , russian , and romanian counterparts who numbered somewhere around 4,000 that came to your aid . 
  you guys seem to hate talking about them for some reason . 
  [ `` celebrate '' their entity founded on rape , genocide , and murder ] ( http://giphy.com/gifs/amused-chuckle-l8xuphfgqlsfe ), 
  rs can not and will not separate . 
  the only option in the future will be integration but that 's at least 1 more generation away from happening . 
  if you 're very content , then it 's safe to assume you do n't live there right ? 
  so you know it 's a shithole . 
  that is horseshit and you know it , you were given everything you had from the jna . 
  and yes , we did face a real army , you had military structure , a chain of command , etc. 
  you had a real army , not some shit militia . 
  lmao,
