  hundreds of thousands of people identified as yugoslavs . 
  possibly even millions bore the title . 
   why ? 
  because that 's the way it should be . 
  that 's how it 's been for hundreds of years . 
  why should it change ? 
  if all the institutions and systems merged , things would be going much smoother . 
  yugoslavia was also a failed prospect , particularly economically . 
  too much borrowing going on . 
  please take a look at a book called `` the myth of ethnic war . '', 
  also , serbia and croatia are guarantors of the dayton accords and both are there to ensure the territorial integrity of bih . 
  secession is not going to be tolerated . 
   why ? 
  if people want independence why should n't they get it ? 
  that 's how all exyu republics got their independence , by the will of the people . 
  why should n't serbs and croats in bosnia have the same right ? 
  their `` indpendence '' will lead to minimal recognition . 
  it will then lead to tariffs . 
  no money = the `` country '' will fail . 
  not to mention they simply do n't have the resources to exist . 
  the so-called rs relies heavily on the imf and even the imf will stop giving them money . 
  see what i 'm getting at ? 
  also , serbs in bosnia are not serbians . 
  they are bosnians . 
  indeed . 
  you say that like a united bosnia is a bad thing or something . 
  i 'm all for everyone working together and creating a functioning state . 
  if both `` entities '' merged , life would n't be as rough over there . 
  it would make things so much better for everyone . 
  but if somehow the primate dodik is able to push for the secession of the so-called rs , it 's not gon na end well for the serbs . 
  ultimately , however , it 's the people 's choice . 
  although , dodik knows he ca n't secede . 
   who cares . 
  kosovo is serbian . 
  but it 's not . 
  who cares . 
  kosovo is kosovo . 
  also i 'm not downvoting you . 
  i do n't particularly care . 
  that would be hilarious . 
  their official title is `` republic of kosovo . '', 
  they are no longer a part of serbia . 
  yes , i understand they are essentially a us colony/protectorate but all other functions they can handle . 
  they can barely handle them , but they still do . 
  kosovo could only be part of serbia through force , and that 's not really going to work very well . 
  they got their independence whether the serbs like it or not . 
  there were polls done by the new york times i think . 
  just two years ago . 
  they did a poll post war on how many people think bosnia should stay together and did three age groups encompassing 18-65 or so . 
  i tried finding the source because i 've linked it before , but ca n't seem to find it . 
  most people in 2015 were pro bosnia staying together . 
  bosnia will be bosnia . 
  no one can break bosnia apart . 
  i 'm sure the kids love it . 
  little do they know that trump probably does n't even know where serbia is . 
  let alone kosovo . 
  you might be wrong on that . 
  the old farts might not want to but i 'm sure us younger people think very differently . 
  i guarantee he 's 13 years old and listens to war songs on a daily basis . 
  you realize there are bosniaks of catholic and even orthodox faith , correct ? 
  russia does not have deep ties with the serbs . 
  maybe russian nationalists and serb nationalists do , but only in times of war . 
  other than that , there 's not much there . 
  does this guy really think he can do anything to kosovo ? 
  but croatians have the whole adriatic coast , as another user mentioned . 
  it 's a joke m8 . 
  they still wo n't gib sea . 
  croatian does not always equal croat . 
  i know . 
  and all of that is horseshit . 
  bosnian muslims have never bothered anyone in `` christian '' europe . 
  they should get over it . 
  also , even after the war , after all our dead , and after all the displaced , we are still the majority in bosnia . 
  so technically , a muslim state * does * exist . 
  did i say he was n't ? 
  they 're all cunts . 
  also , at least bakir is n't threatening secession . 
  yeah , then the army can rush into banja luka and arrest that walking pig they call the president . 
  maybe they 'll replace him with someone reasonable . 
  just maybe . 
  muslim states have existed in europe for a long time . 
  everyone knows bosniaks are secular and have been for centuries . 
  the `` muslim state fear '' is fucking bullshit . 
  what the fuck does that even mean ? 
  it 's still secession and it will bring * nothing , * again , * nothing * good to 1 ) serbs and 2 ) everybody else . 
  either way , dodik knows himself that he ca n't do it . 
  i 'm a bosniak but thanks bro !, 
  sorry , but i 'm not really familiar with the history . 
  could you provide me with some more background info ? 
  you 're ignoring the fact that serbs , croats , and bosniaks lived together for centuries prior to sfrj . 
  also , it is a huge misunderstanding that the war was an ethnic war . 
  the real causes of the war in bih were a ) politics and b ) the economy . 
  you ca n't just secede and keep borders . 
  part of secession is creating new ones . 
  they wo n't secede . 
  they ca n't , and dodik knows that . 
  he 'll have all of nato engaged because croatia is a guarantor of dayton . 
  croatia can not just act in the interest of croats in bih , they have an obligation to preserve the territorial integrity of * all * of bih . 
  when have bosnian muslims carried out bullshit in europe in the past decade ? 
  you think we 're the same as those gost fuckers in the middle east ?
