  i 'm croatian , but a croatian bosniak , just like how tesla was a croatian serb . 
  not looking for that lol . 
  just want to hear your view . 
  bosniaks have historically been muslim . 
  i do n't see what visiting has anything to do with anything . 
  why do n't you like croats ? 
  yes and i think that 's why it 's hard to accurately pinpoint when they assumed their own identities . 
  ok cool bro , tell me what it really is !, 
  there were no catholic bosniaks , only croats aka bosnian croats . 
  if you 're talking today , there are bosnian croats in the bih federation government to represent their interests and people . 
  do you think us bosniaks are going to implement sharia and force the croats and serbs to pay a jizya ? 
  gtfo . 
  we were never like that , we 're secular as fuck , especially in cities/towns . 
  people in the country might be more religious but even then , only slightly so . 
  someone said earlier that muslims ( i.e. 
  bosniaks ) are converted serbs , which is just simply not the case . 
  that 's why i replied to them asking why they think the balkans belong to serbs and serbs only . 
  the slavs moved in to the region as you said , yes , but i beli eve that the slavs who identified as bo\u0161njani assumed that identity just slightly before the slavs who became serbs did . 
  i do think that there were serbs ( or slavs that were becoming serbs ) who converted to islam , just as how the slavs converted to orthodoxy brought by the byzantines , yet no serbs seem to complain about giving up their slavic faith and taking orthodoxy !, 
  so have bosniaks . 
  serbs actually moved in after us . 
  what i am trying to say is that we were not and never will be serbs . 
  bosniaks , serbs , and croats are all their own people . 
  i do n't see why this is so hard for people to accept . 
  i said in my earlier comment that i did not like him . 
  holy shit . 
  i 'm not talking about any kind of muslim superiority , you 're pulling this all out of your ass . 
  the serbs did not `` have '' tesla so to speak since everything he did was in america , for americans ( unfortunately that did n't end very well for him . ), 
  the only connection they have to tesla is ethnicity . 
  additionally , tesla was born in an area that is historically croatian . 
  yes , izetbegovic was an asshole . 
  he also fought on the nazi side in wwii . 
  little known fact . 
  i never said that was ok , yes , it was n't perfect , but at least south slavs were not killing each other, 
  i 'm confused . 
  were you mocking the fact that we try to assert our own , unique identity or were you supporting it ? 
  and yes , even though i 'm a bosniak i do not agree with alija ( nor do i agree with fikret abdi\u0107 who was also one of us but betrayed us ) . 
  alija published a document in the 70/80 's that essentially said we ca n't live with croats ( catholics ) and serbs ( orthodox christians ) which is simply not the bosnian way because we all lived together fairly peacefully during ottoman occupation . 
  ok \u0160vabo please tell me about my corner of the world , i 'm dying to know . 
  why do so many think that ? 
  why do you think the whole balkans are serbs ? 
  you realize different slavic tribes settled in different areas , right ? 
  and the rs is in fact created on genocide `` whether they like it or not '' as you put it . 
  we were always bosniaks , but we were n't allowed that title . 
  we were bo\u0161njani prior to ottoman invasion so they just translated bo\u0161njani to bo\u0161njak . 
  bo\u0161njak / bosniak = turkish for bo\u0161njanin . 
  * obligatory grabs popcorn *, 
  this guy is my favorite reddit user . 
  unfortunately :( and the kids have to suffer because of them . 
  we have similar retards back home in croatia , too . 
  i do n't necessarily agree . 
  i do think that the opposition genuinely wanted to make a change in the government . 
  and i know politics are n't fair , but that 's not the way it should be . 
  here in the states , if you do n't vaccinate , your kid is n't even allowed to go to school . 
  if we 're not doing this back home , we should start . 
  i even had to do some new vaccinations before attending university , in the us of course . 
  lol , the beginning right where she was about to talk was hilarious . 
  the translators dropped the plate and she just looked over at them all pissed , haha . 
  but yeah , somewhat clich\u00e9 , but nonetheless a very well-done movie . 
  the scene with the masked night vision fighters was also crazy . 
  really well done movie . 
  it was originally a korean movie right ? 
  then they put an american/english speaking cast ? 
  i would n't call putting your campaign on every single magazine a few days before the voting started fair . 
  i would n't call bribing the elderly with sandwiches/money ( for fucks 's sake , really ?! ), 
  fair . 
  i would n't call the suppression of free speech and showing of autocratic tendencies fair . 
  vu\u010di\u0107 is a piece of shit . 
  totally underrated movie imo . 
  i do n't think rehab is possible for these kinds of people . 
  they should be shunned from the rest of society because they simply are not compatible with the rest of europe . 
  imo , wherever they are in europe , they should get tossed out and shipped to saudi arabia or wherever the hell else so they can enjoy their sharia societies . 
  hicks/rednecks in bosnian . 
  these assholes are so small and insignificant , they pose no threat at all to bosnia . 
  not to mention sipa is/has been watching them very closely . 
  they 're just seljaci like any other kind . 
  idk , judging from how us balkan people are , we probably would have made our own problems later on . 
  idk about doner kebab but we have \u0107evapi , and \u0107evapi are incredible . 
  every time i have them , it 's like a spiritual experience . 
  yeah , at least the ottomans left * one * good thing behind . 
  and the expat stat like we see here :(, 
  there was a map posted not too long ago where bosnians were the highest percentage of people who washed their hands after leaving the bathroom . 
  the article did n't really specify very much , is there a shortage of skilled or unskilled workers ? 
  and regardless of which type of workers are needed , what fields are not being filled ? 
  stupid fucking title , i mean come on . 
  so a good chunk of debt gets erased ? 
  it 's not just people with high debts , it 's people with debts period . 
  [ vice did a piece on this last year . 
  people leave the us because debts are just too damn high . 
  ] ( https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/talking-to-american-debt-dodgers-who-moved-to-europe-to-avoid-paying-off-their-student-loans-111 ), 
  it 's on par with klix and b92 . 
  looks incredible . 
  you 'd think this was some kind of forest in south america , or maybe even a rainforest . 
  honestly , seselj is a meme at this point , lol . 
  hopefully beli can actually pull something off because afaik , people really do n't like vu\u010di\u0107 , and there are way too many alternatives , all who will get very tiny percentages . 
  but if they all get behind beli , he might actually have a chance , and people will see that they can make a difference . 
  in a way he reminds me of bernie sanders , because both of the movements are very grassroots in nature . 
  oh ok , so if beli has the highest percentage as the second place candidate , 3rd , 4th , etc. 
  place candidates have to support him ? 
  yeah but that 's a huge gap between him and pi\u010dkousti though .
