  ultimately , i would like to see dissolution of both the rs and federation and establishment of a unitary bih but that 's a long way away . 
  the war is still fresh in many people 's minds . 
  that 's different though . 
  north korea is totally isolated from the rest of the world , and yugoslavia was doing trade with the east and west . 
  yugoslavia was fairly active as an economy . 
  no it would n't . 
  serbia wants nothing to do with them other than ensure that serbs are `` not harmed '' in their entity where they are the majority . 
  oh ok yeah , for sure . 
  serbia was already surrounded . 
  i ca n't seem to find it but i know i saw it on reddit and it was from some kind of economic site . 
  ( shitty explanation , i know , but the source is definitely out there . ), 
  billion * which is still not entirely terrible or difficult to manage . 
  this is interesting , i did n't know this existed , thank you . 
  anyway , afaik russian army is not on the ground ( correct me if i 'm wrong , i was never really following that situation closely ) and it 's more or less a civil war of ukrainians vs ukrainian separatists correct ? 
  regardless , your `` republic of srpska '' could never be its own country . 
  you simply do n't have the means , capability or resources to do so . 
  yes , due to poor management of the economy . 
  kpj was pretty bad at that but at least they did n't go full retard by using a planned economy ie ussr . 
  also : the economies of all countries were better in 91 ( with the exception of slovenia ) than they are now . 
  agreed . 
  they should form their own opinions when they grow up and are old enough to better understand these types of things . 
  economy then ? 
  at least people had jobs back then . 
  [ map of yugoslavia with all its companies . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/serbia/comments/59ocl8/mapa_preduze%c4%87a_u_sfrj/?st=iz9rg6zy&amp;sh=19cf805e ), 
  never . 
  serbia and croatia are obligated by the dayton accords to preserve the territorial integrity of bosnia . 
   self-determination  serbs did not allow croatia or slovenia to have it or exercise it without bloodshed  serbs did not allow bosniaks to have it and exercise it without bloodshed what makes you think you deserve self-determination when you serbs were always denying it to others ? 
  you ca n't be guilty of those things and then try to act like the champions of democracy . 
   while the majority of the population continues to suffer under islamic oppression what on * earth * are you talking about ? 
  is n't there already a us base in croatia ? 
  i was watching 11 hours ( or whatever the movie was called ) and i 'm pretty sure it showed a us base in croatia from where soldiers were supposed to travel to libya as backup at the us embassy there . 
   implying there is only one military base of the us in europe also , there are not really many strong ties between russia and serbia . 
  big misconception . 
  jobs are not plenty anywhere in ex-yu, 
  4th military in europe according to a tito interview . 
  jna was pretty big and fairly capable . 
  slovenia was let go due to the fact that were an extremely small number of serbs there . 
  it 's nice to see people having normal conversations . 
  no , the exact same thing is here too , it 's just called snuff . 
  it comes in little packets , right ? 
  those are so fucking gross . 
  they 're used decently here in the south . 
  i second the motion, 
  if that 's the case , why do you choose to keep engaging ? 
  bosnia and herzegovina is a very nice country . 
  people do tend to say `` france is nice '' when someone posts a picture of a city in france . 
  i was just saying bosnia and herzegovina is really nice . 
  because it is . 
  lol they can try , we stopped them pretty easily in 93 , we can stop them again , 
  actually kolinda just denounced efforts to create a third state in bosnia , sorry burazeru :(, 
  that shit does n't exist, 
  when people stop voting for nationalist assholes things will get better . 
  god damn it, 
  the true balkan way . 
  * provocation intensifies *, 
  i never did that . 
  i did n't join discord until after i made my post . 
  so yeah . 
  it does n't matter . 
  they are bosnians in the republika srpska entity of the republic of bosnia and herzegovina . 
  you could argue this post was childish as well . 
  but he 's a serb and so are you , so that 's probably why it is n't . 
  the republika srpska is an entity in the republic of bosnia and herzegovina and its citizens are bosnians . 
   have fun beating your head against the wall i 'm chilling . 
  an entity , nonetheless . 
  it also lacks its own money and army . 
  it does not fulfill the requirements of a country . 
  people need to understand it 's an entity . 
  you do n't seem to realize their society teaches them that their `` republic of srpska '' is its own country . 
  you ca n't tell people you 're from the `` republic of srpska '' that holds zero weight . 
  you 're not a `` republic of srpskian '' or some dumb shit , you are a bosnian . 
  and yes , but guess what new york happens to be a part of ? 
  the united states . 
  the republika srpska is an entity in bosnia and herzegovina , nothing more . 
  this is not hating on serbs , this is logic . 
  also serbia and russia are not some kind of `` brothers . '', 
  big misconception . 
  proof : find pictures of milorad dodik meeting vladimir putin and look at putin 's facial expressions/body language while meeting him . 
  the rs is a joke . 
  terribly ignorant , you 're right . 
  what 's discord ? 
  allahami i took a nap after i made my post, 
  od biha\u0106aaaa do petrovca selllla , do petrovca selllaaaaa lol, 
  bosnia is a really nice country . 
  no , i 'm just really * that * petty . 
  all of them because they fail to mention that the `` republic of srpska '' is an entity . 
  there 's a difference between butthurt and petty . 
  read through blackhand 's descriptions again . 
  legal entity \u2260 state . 
  triggered, 
  totally different , bro . 
  right , and i would properly include the city of banja luka as `` banja luka , bosnia and herzegovina '' and do the same with `` vi\u0161egrad , bosnia and herzegovina . '', 
  and the republic of bosnia and herzegovina has even more power than an entity . 
  saying slavonia in the way i mentioned would suggest that slavonia is some kind of country . 
  it 's not . 
  this post is suggesting that the `` republic of srpska '' is its own country . 
  it 's not , and never could be . 
  the `` rs '' is not a region . 
  slavonia is a region , as is vojvodina .
