shit . 
  that 's a lot . 
  ok , north europe , we get it . 
  it 's snowing . 
  croatia , bosnia , and serbia burek best burek, 
  interesting , it 's completely different down here . 
  `` klati '' means kill/slaughter, 
  kusturica , it 's got ta be, 
  getting a job at google is pretty tough , though right ? 
  it 's only the real eggheads who get in as recent grads . 
  if you worked at google , how was it ? 
  well , i hope you mean old detroit and not current detroit , because they 're not doing too hot right now , lol . 
  but is there already an industry there for car manufacturing or would this be more of a newer thing , especially when you take into consideration it 's electric so the technology is different . 
  and i get what you mean , but if you were a business owner , would you want 10 uni students and recent grads or 10 people who are experienced ? 
  i think experienced workers would come first , followed by people with less experience so that then the more experienced can train them . 
  well you also have to consider which location would have the most qualified and experienced workers . 
  you ca n't put the factory in spain or romania just cuz , you have to find out what country and what city in that country has a history of producing these type of things . 
  oh , come on , tell us lol . 
  is it klatiturkovi\u0107 ? 
  that 's great, 
  [ seriously ] ( http://mrwgifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/oh-my-god-who-the-hell-cares-gif-on-family-guy.gif ) edit : incoming serb downvotes, 
  well it was originally a croatian site that posted it , and sarajevo times just translates various ex-yu sites into english . 
  dumbest shit ever . 
  this sounds really ... #fishy, 
  did you forget we 're in the balkans ? 
  not really , erdogan wo n't last much longer if he keeps this up . 
  dps is not `` eastern european . '', 
  this is south europe you 're talking . 
  and no , it is not unusual considering yugoslavia was non-aligned and did n't really have the best relations with the ussr . 
  if anything , we were much more open to the west than the east . 
  turkey is n't necessarily a shithole when you compare her neighbors, 
  iran , iraq , and saudi arabia are not directly comparable to turkey . 
  agree 100 %, 
  probably however erdogan sees fit . 
  which is not a democratic turkey . 
  turkey is actually becoming a regional power . 
  it 's just the way erdogan does things that is shitty . 
  [ any headline that ends in a question mark can be answered by the word `` no '' ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge%27s_law_of_headlines ), 
  aw , fuck , here we go, 
  then jan\u0161a and tu\u0111man somehow took slovenia 's government from ku\u010dan ? 
  or who was actually the president of sr slovenia ? 
  pretty sure your ku\u010dan had some involvement too . 
  i 'm a bosniak by the way , i could n't care any less about tu\u0111man . 
  or izetbegovi\u0107 for that matter . 
  but i ca n't ever understand you guys , like i saw a macedonian on zvezde grande and it was a physical strain trying to understand him , lol . 
  no i knew the word \u010coban i just never knew what it mean and for some reason never bothered to look it up lol . 
  the war should have never happened . 
  that 's so crazy , it 's like our inner pan-slav awakening . 
  * slav intensifies *, 
  do n't forget the killer keyboard player . 
  what on earth is `` cobanski ? '', 
  lol, 
  i watched a slovenian documentary on the war and events leading up to it and could hardly understand a full sentence , lol . 
  where do you live ? 
  i was actually watching the video for that song the other night . 
  the guy playing the accordion gets me everytime . 
  he looks like a video game character that did n't render properly . 
  hdz confirmed, 
  and the earth is a serb , and the solar system is a serb , and the galaxy , and even the whole universe is a serb, 
  yeah , them too , very low mutual intelligibility with us in the south , macedonia and bulgaria included . 
  b92 is such a fucking joke . 
  serbians , bosnians , croatians , and montenegrins can all understand each other with no problem . 
  in central croatia the kajkavian dialect is spoken , and the slovenian language is very similar to it . 
  those particular croatians can understand slovenian ( as far as i know , but not 100 % sure , i speak ijekavian dialect ) . 
  croatians who do n't speak the kajkavian dialect , bosnians , and serbians can not understand slovenian . 
  bulgarians and the 4 i mentioned in my first part can not understand each other fully . 
  same goes for macedonians . 
  however , i believe macedonians and bulgarians can understand each other fairly well . 
  as for russian , we can understand just few words out of sentences due to russian being an older slavic language and bcs being newer . 
  well , shit . 
  so our ancestors were actually illiterate , drunk , storytellers then . 
  i 'll take it . 
  no , no , it 's serbia , everything is serbia . 
  we 're actually speaking serbian right now , little do we know . 
  agreed , and not even just for the eastern bloc , but so many other countries around the world . 
  no matter where you went with that red yugoslavian passport , everyone already knew who and what you were . 
  it used to really mean something to be a yugoslavian . 
  now , we 're all just insignificant , small , and poor countries . 
  i 've told people that i 'm from croatia and my parents are from bosnia and they ask `` is n't bosnia in africa ? '', 
  i really wish we could have all stayed together . 
  yeah , the communists were always good at their purges , no matter in what country . 
  really awful stuff . 
  bulgaria was definitely strategically important to stalin , if you joined yugo , we would have taken up almost all the balkans . 
  i do n't remember if it was because of him or if it was because your leader did n't want to be under control of belgrade , seeing as to how you and the serbs were n't exactly friends throughout history . 
  not to mention bulgaria being axis during ww2 and being used as a staging point for the bombing of belgrade . 
  however , croatia and serbia were definitely not on good terms either , yet we all went into yugo together , so that leads me to think that the situation with bulgaria not joining was deeper than the aforementioned . 
  but it could definitely be because of stalin , we almost went to war with him as yugoslavia because of some border tensions along occupied hungary . 
  i can also see why he would 've put pressure on your government to not ally with us . 
  honestly though , it turned out to be better that you guys did n't join yugoslavia due to the absolute shitshow that was 1991-1995 . 
  but yeah . 
  fuck stalin . 
  i never figured it out either until i started figuring out about perun , da\u017ebog , stribog , etc. 
  then i started getting into the mythology more just because of witcher 3 , and it was crazy how much there is to read , and how much mythology our predecessors were responsible for . 
  yugo = ju\u017eno = south/southern slavia = land of slavs yugoslavia = land of south slavs , so not all slavs , but just us idiots in south europe . 
  little known fact : bulgaria almost joined yugoslavia . 
  we 're not doing all too bad !, 
  they should tax the shit out of all soda , earlier this year they passed a `` soda tax '' in philadelphia in the u.s. of all places . 
  i personally feel like that 's one thing europe should follow suit in . 
  i never said it should be banned , just taxed a lot more . 
  that should help people reconsider since we all obviously know it 's not healthy .
