  we 're europeans for fuck 's sake, 
  you 're either stupid or pretending to be . 
  ask r/croatia how they feel about bosnian croats . 
  they do n't want them . 
  also , nothing is stopping them from leaving bih and getting croatian citizenship , and therefore , access to the rest of the eu . 
  the croats did n't get their state during the war , what the fuck makes you think they 'll get one now ? 
   bosnia is a tangled dysfunctional mess and the only way to solve it is by cutting the gordian knot this can be done by abolishing both the `` republika srpska '' and `` federation '' and creating a unitary , single , bosnia and herzegovina . 
  both are relics that prevent the country from moving forward . 
  interesting , so it 's less shitty over in czech republic than most of the horror stories i 've heard about europe . 
  ah ok , thanks . 
  now , is that to own or concealed carry ? 
  not cool , dude, 
  can citizens in the czech republic even get guns in a timely and reasonable matter ? 
  why the fuck are we so good at kidney transplants ? 
  wow , it 's like there 's some sort of connection between all of our people !, 
  no , there are also croatian serbs and croatian bosniaks . 
   is there really a distinction between ethnicities ? 
  it depends on who you ask . 
  to me , it does n't matter much , i just identify as a croatian bosniak just like how there are bosnian serbs and bosnian croats . 
  at the end of the day , we are more similar to each other than different . 
  serbs from serbia however , are genetically more similar to bulgarians . 
  culturally however , serbs , bosniaks , and croats are all very similar . 
  we are all south slavs , but we 're picky assholes too . 
  i 'm from croatia , but i 'm ethnically bosniak . 
  my parents are both from bosnia , my mom was a refugee who went to croatia and my dad had to serve in the croatian army after completing college in croatia . 
  to answer your question , when people ask me i tell them i 'm croatian . 
  if they ask more questions i tell them my ethnicity . 
  yeah , and even though i 'm in the us ( came here when i was 2 ) the thought of it makes my blood boil and fills me with an irrational anger . 
  arabs walking down a street in sarajevo fully covered and wearing their long , white clothing really does not sit well with me . 
  it was n't even like that during ottoman times . 
  how the fuck can they come into someone else 's country and then act like they own the motherfucker ? 
  what also bothers me is not enough people ther are taking action . 
  i do n't think this is going to see much success in bosnia at all . 
  but thanks anyway . 
  hope all is well over in turkey , too , i had wanted to visit but all the shit going down is really deterring me . 
  yes , bosnia fits the bill , i 'm not saying you are incorrect . 
  kuwaitis and qataris are funding mosques where radical preachers openly talk a bunch of garbage . 
  thankfully though , most people ignore these fuckers . 
  however , the small , small , few who do n't , well ... 
  the arabs are quite literally giving money to izetbegovi\u0107 ( the bosniak leader ) and to others in the federation in order to continue doing what they 're doing . 
  their `` businesses '' are really nothing more than an excuse to introduce a foreign presence into bosnia ( as if they have n't had enough of that ) and are buying entire street fronts with real estate signs in arabic . 
  these kinds of things bother me . 
  not only that , but they 're building all these swanky resorts and malls that bosnians could never afford in the present . 
  western europeans , sure . 
  arabs , sure . 
  these arabs are exploiting us , and many people are actually truly against this thing . 
  i 'm personally not against arabs owning businesses there . 
  i 'm against their influence there . 
  i say we are immune because we are . 
  this kind of shit is n't going to last . 
  our identity is the bosniak identity and it can not and will not ever switch to muslim like arabs . 
  part of the war was the establishment of the bosniak identity because during yugoslavia , there was no `` bosniak '' identity , only `` muslim . '', 
  i can guarantee this shit wo n't last . 
  i 've never heard that before . 
  that 's odd . 
  did i say suspending class was secular ? 
  bosnia still is largely secular , but is becoming less secular . 
  i do n't think we will ever be anything close to what there is in the east . 
  islam is at war with itself in the east , not in bosnia . 
  i really do n't see what you 're getting at here . 
  we are a completely different story compared to muslims in the east . 
  we 're europeans . 
  bosnia has always been largely secular . 
  all religious groups , not just muslims . 
  the problem is the leadership , not so much the people . 
  the muslim leader of the federation in bosnia is * allowing * arabs to come in and make their * own * neighborhoods where bosnians are not allowed to go . 
  in their own country . 
  this is all done for the sake of `` business . '', 
  when did these arabs ever give a fuck about us prior to the war ? 
  now , after everything , they want to come in and `` invest , '' or what it really is , take advantage of a weak , emerging nation . 
  now we have college classes being canceled because of the maybe 20 students who are religious enough to go pray because they 're from some redneck shithole in the northern part of the country . 
  yeah but it 's nothing like in the middle east at all . 
  bosniaks are about as muslim as the average american is christian . 
  as a bosniak , i do n't like this . 
  we were always moderate , and now things like this are happening . 
  what an odd pair . 
  yeah but '' \u0161vabo '' is more of a derogatory term . 
  `` njemci '' is the the proper way . 
  third world , lovely , really . 
  top kek, 
  best car in yurop is clearly zastava yugo, 
  thus causing a hole to open in the space-time continuum , appearing over sweden and pouring out more golfs than volkswagen themselves knew they produced . 
  golfs are now seemingly gaining self awareness and taking over the driveways of swedes all over the country . 
  the swedish people must reclaim their driveways . 
  the agolfalypse is here . 
  still strange that it was slovenia . 
  but why slovenia of all places ? 
  it does n't make sense . 
  does n't america own kosovo , not slovenia ? 
  that was a good watch , but what does it have to do with europe ? 
  you ca n't compare something like that and say `` oh look they killed less , they 're clearly better . '', 
  it does n't work like that . 
  the \u010detniks were just as bad as the usta\u0161e . 
  nothing but genocide anywhere they went . 
  i 'm also assuming your `` 1000 times more '' number is still suggesting the usta\u0161e killed over a million serbs . 
  they did n't . 
  get over it . 
  i 'm in no way defending what they did , i 'm just trying to stick to facts . 
  lol is that all you can say now ? 
  have a nice day in your shithole .
