  do u even fukin reddit m8, 
  get out . 
  how the fuck do you not know remove kebab in 2017 ? 
  [ remove kebab remove kebab ] ( https://youtu.be/ficxqvrlewi ), 
  quality shit right there, 
  remove kebab remove kebab you are worst turk . 
  you are the turk idiot you are the turk smell . 
  return to croatioa . 
  to our croatia cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , bosnia we will never forgeve you . 
  cetnik rascal fuck but fuck asshole turk stink bosnia sqhipere shqipare . . turk genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead turk . . ahahahahahbosnia we will get you !!, 
  do not forget ww2 . albiania we kill the king , albania return to your precious mongolia ... . hahahahaha idiot turk and bosnian smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove kebab from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  russia + usa + croatia + slovak = kill bosnia ... you will ww2 / tupac alive in serbia , tupac making album of serbia . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink turk ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt tupac alive numbr one # 1 in serbia ... . fuck the croatia , . . fuckk ashol turks no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the turk farm aminal with rap magic now we the serba rule . ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and bosnia wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  serbia greattst countrey, 
  just googled him and that 's odd . 
  libya was a much better place under ghaddafi than it is now . 
  right , but the croatian army was not directly involved in bosnia , to the best of my knowledge . 
  they were busy in east croatia and south-central croatia with their serb separatists . 
  naturally , croatia wanted to help them , so they sent money which was then used to buy the necessary supplies . 
  croatia directly did n't . 
  they did fund the bosnian croats , however . 
  yeah , let 's not give arms to the people who need them most and want to defend themselves against genocide , ethnic cleansing , and one of the longest sieges in modern history . 
  that ought to do it . 
  btw : arming arbih probably would have meant none of those asshole mujahideen fucktards coming in because it would have been pointless . 
  granted , there really were n't many and they did n't really help much except for serving as propaganda fuel . 
  russia would be surrounded by nato . 
  and turkey , well ... not even bosnia really has great ties with turkey . 
  turkey sends more foreign aid to * serbia * ( think history between serbs and turks , not really too great ) and is creating jobs there , meanwhile bosnia does n't get shit , lol . 
  not sure about relations between croatia and russia/turkey . 
  tl ; dr : do n't waste your time with this nonsense , guys . 
  jesus , i meant * all * balkan people not just croatia . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  yeah , i really meant each and every single last one . 
  my earlier comment said `` some sided with them , some fought them , like in any war . '', 
  i 'm sure france had nazi supporters as well . 
  though ndh was actually full on , plenty of countries had their supporters . 
  more or less . 
  croatian and serbian do not use ( they are currently being phased out ) turkish loan words like bosnian does . 
  croatian linguists began to replace the standardized serbo-croatian that was brought in by the yugoslavian government , and the same goes for serbian linguists . 
  very messy , i know . 
  serbo-croatian includes all the slavic languages spoken in the balkans except macedonian , bulgarian , and slovenian . 
  so bosnian , croatian , and serbian all fall under serbo-croatian . 
  no such thing as `` serbo-croats '' as a group . 
  not in terms of ethnicity at least . 
  and bosniaks are a subset of slavs . 
  like serbs , croats , slovenes , poles , etc. 
  but they 're not . 
  they 're austrians . 
  could be , idk . 
  it does n't really concern me , it was hundreds of years ago . 
  they also did it largely by choice , not `` coersion . '', 
  are n't austrians just germans ? 
  are n't australians just brits ? 
  still , all south slavs were fighting the nazis . 
   balkan nazis  the entire balkans were fighting the nazis  some sided with them , some fought them , like in any war  found a country whose slogan is `` death to fascism , freedom to the people ''  [ mfw ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/3f/40/31/3f403155f450c14baa5c4c7a2bd6c996.jpg ), 
  not fucking cool, 
  implying erdogan gives a shit about bosniaks, 
  well damn . 
  how the hell was croatia even capable of spending $ 607 million on defense ? 
  remove kebab remove kebab you are worst turk . 
  you are the turk idiot you are the turk smell . 
  return to croatioa . 
  to our croatia cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , bosnia we will never forgeve you . 
  cetnik rascal fuck but fuck asshole turk stink bosnia sqhipere shqipare . . turk genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead turk . . ahahahahahbosnia we will get you !!, 
  do not forget ww2 . albiania we kill the king , albania return to your precious mongolia ... . hahahahaha idiot turk and bosnian smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove kebab from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  russia + usa + croatia + slovak = kill bosnia ... you will ww2 / tupac alive in serbia , tupac making album of serbia . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink turk ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt tupac alive numbr one # 1 in serbia ... . fuck the croatia , . . fuckk ashol turks no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the turk farm aminal with rap magic now we the serba rule . ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and bosnia wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  serbia greattst countrey, 
  i want to visit mostar soooo bad . 
  the problem is , tickets are just so damn expensive from the us to bosnia :( maybe someday . 
  i 'd definitely like to get a view from the same spot where this was taken . 
  hahaha that was gold, 
  that 's genius lol, 
  the national motto is `` oca ti jebem ! '', 
  trampu srbine you are the catholic serb , worst catholic , you are the catholic smell . 
  you live in a yurt . 
  croatia rightful serb clay give back . 
  cccc, 
  slovenia borders italy , but who cares , amirite ? 
  he 's an idiot , i love that guy . 
  americans used to visit sr croatia a lot . 
  croatia was reliant on tourism even then . 
  there 's a yugoslavian tourism promo video out there with even an english guy being interviewed on a croatian beach . 
  people could freely come and go to yugoslavia , something that was unheard of then for a socialist country . 
  yugos could go anywhere ( huge foreign workforce in germany ) and foreigners could go to yugo . 
  most of the propaganda was directed at the ussr , but you 're right it was all `` hurr socialist global take over durr '' and many were under the impression it was some kind of evil empire . 
  thank you . 
  life partnership = / = marriage though .
