  or they left because they simply did n't want to be in a warzone . 
  again , you simply ca n't compare the * scale * of what both armies did . 
  yeah it was really annoying imo . 
  my school had a lady , though . 
  are you talking the pacer test ? 
  because i hated that . 
  ok , now we have no choice . 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  we got earthquakes n sheeit, 
  * eugoslavia intensifies *, 
  i prefer futball lol . 
  wait . 
  hungary has an actual * normal * word for once ? 
  all hdz cares about is independence war memorials and veterans . 
  and their own pockets , naturally . 
  also stealing from taxpayers . 
  shame we ca n't have the same mentality back home :(, 
  and they 're literally the ones built in austro-hungarian times . 
  no modernization done . 
  i find it incredible that an intelligence agency across an ocean was able to tell the uk that one of their citizens is planning an attack . 
  huh , that 's pretty cool . 
  did n't know you guys had it too . 
  yes , it 's a turkish type of headwear . 
  why is montenegro wearing a fez ? 
  lol, 
  can someone give me an eli5 on what the sandwich fuck is going on ? 
   ~ ~ multiculturalism ~ ~ fear-mongering ftfy, 
  reeeeeeee recognize slavbros reeeeeeeeee, 
  ca n't say i 've ever seen them use that before . 
  well , i recognize that flag , and it 's macedonia 's flag . 
  macedonia is clearly a country as evidenced by this chart , and also apparently a region in greece , there we go . 
  so his macedonia is a different one than the one we 're actually talking about , which is in the chart ? 
  but macedonia is a country that was part of yugoslavia . 
  in a way , yes . 
   macedonia  greece pick one . 
  you 're obviously delusional , because your flair says greece . 
  all you greeks ever do is complain when you see macedonia . 
  you complained here . 
  you probably complain every other time you see macedonia . 
  reeeeeeee, 
  waaah , waaahh , let me call the wahmbulance . 
  absolutely , i was just going to mention that . 
  many of them are coming from rural areas where it 's just damn near impossible to survive . 
  so a person telling them to go wage jihad for money is going to be sending over a decent amount of recruits . 
  i would also wager that those who go are not even fully absorbed into the wahabi ideology . 
  they probably fake it around others to keep the image up , but on the inside they 're only doing it to make some kind of income . 
  it 's honestly just awful . 
  i forgot to mention them , yeah . 
  not really all that much going on in kosovo either , op is a nationalist diaspora troll . 
  of course we should n't ignore saudi influence , but it 's also nothing extreme . 
  remove saudi arabia . 
  wow, 
  such cooperate, 
  you 've gone too far, 
  no such thing as burek with cheese reeeeeee, 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  not to mention the `` influence '' in bosnia is miniscule . 
  took it waaaaaay too serious , lol, 
  i mean germans are very by-the-book type of people . 
  you know what i mean ? 
  like the whole joke of always being on time , very structured , organized , etc. 
  even though they lost track of a handful of rifles , they 're probably treating it very seriously . 
  germany does not fuck around . 
  portugal on the other hand apparently ... lol, 
  knowing the germans , that 's 12 guns too many . 
  you must not know what life is like in the balkans . 
  i would say this is very accurate , especially for back home and our neighboring countries . 
  revive tito revive tito you were best dictator you were the dictator genius you were the dictator scent . 
  yugoslavia + india + egypt = form non-aligned movement / s but in all seriousness , yes , yugoslavia was `` better '' than today 's successors . 
  with the exception of slovenia . 
   what 's the actual eastern european perspective on him and yugoslavia i would n't know , i 'm not eastern european  i 'm not sure really , it depends entirely on who you ask . 
  older people generally liked him , his funeral was one of the biggest in history , and people were sobbing over him . 
  naturally , others celebrated , and those who did likely participated in the events of the 90 's or contributed to the events . 
  my parents tell me `` yugoslavia was n't perfect , but it was the closest thing we had to perfect . '', 
  as for eastern europeans , i 'm not quite sure . 
  we had a pretty nasty split with the ussr that could have easily led to conflict . 
  i also know there were plans to include bulgaria into yugoslavia in the 1950 's but those talks failed because belgrade would have had too much control over bulgaria , and serbs are not on very good historical terms with bulgarians . 
  it 's the balkans , the entire existence is a shitstorm . 
  i 'm 21 , actually . 
  zeljanica is gross by itself , but i like it mixed with cheese . 
  sorry for the late reply . 
  hahaha no worries man , it 's the internet . 
  i 'm not gon na get mad over that , lol . 
  nothing wrong with fat . 
  contrary to popular opinion , it does n't make people fat . 
  ok , this whole comment is a bunch of noise . 
  i live in the us south and food is fucking incredible here . 
  you have clearly never had zaxby 's or cookout . 
  we are * not * uncultured when it comes to food . 
  burek is a prime example , but sarma , sud\u017euk , suho meso , \u0107evapi , ra\u017enji\u0107i , and so much more , and you have the audacity to say they 're uncultured swine ? 
  good one . 
  it 's just a meat-heavy diet , and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  no no no no no reeeeeeeeee cheese burek does not exist . 
  that is sirnica . 
  it 's still gross . 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee an abomination , that 's what it is . 
   burek with meat is redundant . 
  burek has beef inside . 
   burek with spinach is gross . 
  idk what it 's called .
