  the fact is that nato just made it easier . 
  arbih could manufacture its own weapons and ammo and was a capable fighting force . 
  hvo was probably even better off than arbih . 
  i 'm not saying it would have been easy for us , i 'm just saying we were capable . 
  sure , maybe you 're content with the war . 
  but are you content with living in the shithole you live in ? 
  ( assuming you live in bih ) did you assholes expect to fight for as long as you did against people who started with little to nothing ? 
  are you aware of how pointless the war was ? 
  are you aware people died in vain on the serb , croat , and bosniak sides ? 
  regardless . 
  arbih and hvo were well-equipped enough to handle things on their own . 
  nato just made it easier . 
  oh , poor you . 
  it must have been rough having communications issues when you had the advantage in all ways for the years leading up to ' 95 . 
  and yes , you got me on the no fly zone , i forgot about that . 
  you realize that hvo and arbih were conducting joint operations in north bosnia , correct ? 
  they outgunned and outmanned the serbs that late in the war ( 1995 ) , and the serbs were no longer the superior force . 
  the simple truth is that the arbih was ready to take banja luka and was stopped by nato . 
  also please tell me where nato was bombing anywhere close to banja luka or anywhere near that particular city . 
  how the hell was the airforce grounded for most of the war ? 
  it 's a failed concept because he continues to instigate with secessionist politics . 
  he 's looking for trouble and wants to see how far he can push the envelope . 
  he poses a danger to the entire order in bih , but he 's the biggest danger to serbs . 
  he also continues to stir up ethnic tensions with his fucking secessionist , instigating , bullshit . 
  i personally ca n't stand him , he ca n't even speak a fucking complete sentence without mumbling or making grunt sounds . 
  fuck this piece of shit . 
  there most certainly are serbs in the federation . 
  are you a western european ? 
  if so , please stop acting as if you 're an expert on our corner of the world . 
  thanks . 
  nobody won the war . 
  it was a stalemate . 
  nato stopped arbih from advancing towards banja luka because a unified bosnia without a federation and without a republic that can actually function is a problem . 
  also , not everyone in the rs wants him , particularly younger people . 
  the voter turnout was not amazing recently , and i can guarantee that they exaggerated it . 
  it was mostly old farts collecting whatever poor pension they get . 
  yeah , it 's important to go vote for some bullshit holiday , but your fridge is empty aside from expired milk and you just forgot your grandchild 's name because you do n't have money for your medications . 
  not to mention dodik is building a villa in a very high-end part of belgrade using serb taxpayer money , while his supporters continue to label him a `` serb hero '' , lol . 
  i read montenegro is the best developing country from yugoslavia , their industries are really picking up especially in the maritime field . 
  they do lots of shipping for all types of companies . 
  i can definitely see that , it 's very childish . 
  this man is the leader of turkey , and regardless of how you view them , they are a regional power . 
  it was erdogan who lowered their foreign debt and boosted their economy , and also helped turkey become a major player in the world . 
  he needs to grow the fuck up and focus on more important things like how i just mentioned . 
  i mean , i personally do n't think it 's that serious , but he just seems like a whiny little bitch . 
  i mean really , the dude is asking for legal action to be taken against a fucking talk show host in another country , yet he is the leader of a centuries old country that has been historically very powerful . 
  he just needs to grow a pair , lol . 
  that makes sense , lol . 
  why is erdogan such a damn crybaby ? 
  biased af , but there are some things that are legit , particularly the privatization aka theft of our domestic companies . 
  i just wanted to say this : i 'm from croatia , but i am not ethnically croat . 
  i 'm a bosniak , and i love my croat and serb people , but i have mixed feelings about croatia today . 
  i personally believe that after everything we ( croatia ) have been through , it was at least somewhat worth it . 
  the economy is getting better since we 're in the eu . 
  that 's great . 
  foreign debt has been paid off to the point where it sits at $ 42 billion as of about a week ago ( i believe by the time we joined it was something like 60-70 but correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  that 's great too . 
  jobs are starting to pick up , and people now have access to more opportunity in the workforce not just here , but across the eu . 
  that 's also great . 
  when it comes to these things , i think our independence and joining the eu is great . 
  however , the way i see it , we still have n't done much to change socially . 
  a lot of croatian youth are still leaving the country after graduating college , and the money they make is , of course , not helping croatia as a country . 
  many of our elderly have little to no pension money because of poor management and corruption in our government , and these last two things i mentioned are very common in our neighbor countries of bosnia and serbia too . 
  do n't even get me started on our christian/nationalist leadership that has ruled since ' 91 . 
  in addition to that , there is still also one of the biggest social problems , which is racism . 
  i 'm sure everyone has seen the video of the soccer fans at the croatia-kosovo match saying things like `` srbe na vrbe '' ( meaning `` hang the serbs '' ) and i was very embarrased and even ashamed to see something like that . 
  as i recall , most of them were fairly young ( late teens to early 20 's ) so they have absolutely zero reason to be saying awful things about serbs , because they were n't even alive during the war . 
  it 's up to us young people to work together and make a better country for all of us , and our children need to follow our example . 
  when it comes to social matters like that , we were better off as yugoslavia . 
  but , for what it 's worth , sretan dan nezavisnosti . 
  the situation in 80 's yugoslavia was blown greatly out of proportion . 
  i wonder how much longer us in the balkans are going to keep this kind of shit up . 
  i honestly felt embarrased after watching this . 
  fake . 
  a real nokia would have ricocheted the bullet off without even a scratch . 
  have you seen the influx of arabs in sarajevo ? 
  seeing them in burqas and seeing the men dressed how they dress fills me with an illogical fury . 
  not to mention that shops and other businesses have their signs and advertisements in arabic and not in bosnian . 
  personally , as a bosniak , i support what bulgaria has chosen to do . 
  no he did n't govern for 15 years but what i was trying to say was that he was for sure an ultranationalist . 
  he chose to send money/weapons/supplies to croats in bih instead of sending supplies to the defenders of vukovar who were severely underequipped and outmanned , yet they still held up against what was europe 's 4th army at the time for 3 months . 
  he abandoned his own country and a town that was under nearly stalingrad-like siege for three whole months , in order to pursue his nationalist dream of establishing a croat state in bosnia . 
  come on . 
  maybe the other user you mentioned did n't mean that nationalists were always in power in terms of presidency , since mesi\u0107 was n't a nationalist but i 'm pretty sure he served 2 consecutive 5 year terms , and a lot of people liked him since he was pretty much a ljudina . 
  however , we all know hdz is a nationalist party , and they have been the dominant party since 91 . 
  that 's just a fact . 
  so i think that 's what the other dude meant : hdz is a nationalist party and they 've been promoting their agenda for the last 2 decades or so . 
  it 's only now that things are starting to simmer down , especially with plenkovi\u0107 saying he wants to rid hdz of `` extremists . '', 
  but better late than never , amirite ? 
  ( btw i 'm a croatian bosniak ) edit : looks like a bunch of hdz assholes keep downvoting me . 
  lol . 
  soooo franjo tu\u0111man never happened ? 
  i also said they were bogomils prior to invasion in a different comment, 
  it 's a completely different situation this time around . 
  not at all . 
  i said the only connection they have to him is ethnicity . 
  meaning tesla was a serb . 
  you can also still be a serb and be born in croatia , i never said he was n't a serb . 
  tesla was clearly a serb . 
  just like how i 'm a bosniak but i 'm from croatia .
