  croatia has ina . 
  there is no revenue in venezuela right now . 
  they are in a downward spiral very similar to yugoslavia . 
  i do n't know why i 'm wasting my time with you . 
  you have negative karma on your account . 
  i 'm sure venezuelans would kill to live in croatia . 
  it actually is better there . 
  [ do n't forget this one . 
  spread awareness . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/lfnyhja6r0u ), 
  exactly how is russia going to establish a presence in montenegro when they are * surrounded * by nato ? 
  italy , greece , croatia , etc. 
  kosovo too ( even though they are n't nato , there is still heavy us presence ) . 
  it was a joke because of how bad things are there . 
  there 's people whose monthly pay ca n't even buy a bag of dog food . 
  passports ca n't be issued for the next few months due to plastic or paper shortages . 
  things like that . 
  they also ration electricity . 
  edit : welp, 
  people should learn how to take a joke lol . 
  if a screenshot from a vrs war song offends them , they should experience the real world some more . 
  ehh not as good as the other one . 
  so juggars must have a stellar reputation up there , right ? 
  i love this and more people need to know about it . 
  it 's just as good as the original . 
  also , how do you even have internet in venezuela ? 
  it 's just a joke bro . 
  remove kebab remove kebab you are worst turk . 
  you are the turk idiot you are the turk smell . 
  return to croatioa . 
  to our croatia cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , bosnia we will never forgeve you . 
  cetnik rascal fuck but fuck asshole turk stink bosnia sqhipere shqipare . . turk genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead turk . . ahahahahahbosnia we will get you !!, 
  do not forget ww2 . albiania we kill the king , albania return to your precious mongolia ... . hahahahaha idiot turk and bosnian smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove kebab from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  russia + usa + croatia + slovak = kill bosnia ... you will ww2 / tupac alive in serbia , tupac making album of serbia . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink turk ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt tupac alive numbr one # 1 in serbia ... . fuck the croatia , . . fuckk ashol turks no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the turk farm aminal with rap magic now we the serba rule . ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and bosnia wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  serbia greattst countrey, 
  do people really think the russians think montenegro is * that * important ? 
  this is one of the greatest things i 've ever read . 
  just that name is incredible . 
  absolutely but how often do you see people acting uncivilized ? 
  it was just cool to see you guys talking about this stuff normally . 
  looks beautiful . 
  like it came out of a work of fiction . 
  but ask yourself : `` what will they truly * gain * from secession ? '', 
  i see them becoming the next kosovo if it happens , except it will be even worse because no one will prop them up ( like how the us is doing . ), 
  * lack of recognition as an independent state * embargoes , leading to no trade * virtually no economy * further polarizing the balkans these things will lead to a downward spiral . 
  it will just turn a poor people into an even poorer people . 
  it should also be noted their president was a staunch opponent of karad\u017ei\u0107 in the 90 's yet now all of a sudden he is playing the nationalist card . 
  i think he just wants to exploit his people and rob them to use the money for his villa in belgrad . 
  the problem is this , however : serbs were always denying everyone their right to self-determination , which is why it 's bullshit to me . 
  slovenia wanted independence , they had a small conflict . 
  croatia wanted independence , they had a war . 
  bosnia wanted independence ( or at least bosniaks did ) and there was a war . 
  this is because serbia was the strongman at the time . 
  they ca n't be the force that was denying self determination and then all of a sudden cry `` our right to self-determination is being violated , '' that 's not how it works . 
  you reap what you sow . 
  yeah for a second i thought there would be that smelly smell . 
  that smelly smell that smells ... smelly . 
  the smell of bullshit of course . 
  the rs is founded and built upon genocide and their government regularly celebrates convicted war criminals . 
  these are facts . 
  giving them an independent state would essentially be a reward and approval of said events . 
  they are now currently federally part of the republic of bih , so secession now would be the same as slovenia , croatia or bosnia seceding from yugoslavia , and we all know how that turned out . 
  i am not in any way , shape , or form pro-war , but that is what they are looking for when they talk this independence in 2018 stuff . 
  come on , they had the choice to be yugoslav , serb , croat , croat muslim , serb muslim , etc. 
  it was just a matter of preference afaik . 
  i never said nor do i advocate that independence was the best option , it clearly was n't . 
  but yugoslavia unfortunately simply could n't work anymore , even if it was changed to a republic with a market economy . 
  we 'll have to see how things play out in the future . 
  it is well-known throughout the balkans that nationalism is shit . 
  yet people vote for the same political parties and the countries are stuck in an endless cycle . 
  many people willingly identified as yugoslavians . 
  well like i said , for the present , the two should at least cooperate better . 
  we should wait and see what happens in the future . 
  the croats have their own country already . 
  they 're entitled to immediate citizenship there and access to the rest of the eu . 
  most of them probably only know bosnia and have never even set foot in croatia . 
  they could n't hold their breakaway entity during the war , so they have zero claim to one now . 
  the serbs at least held their territory . 
  that 's how war works . 
  it does n't matter what their nationalist sentiment calls for , they ( croats ) * definitely * wo n't get it . 
  whoa , super helpful thank you . 
  something like that . 
  serbia 's burden is huge , i think it 's like $ 60 billion , then croatia then bosnia . 
  bosnia 's alone is the $ 20 billion yugoslavia had at the time of the dissolution . 
  yes , but independence will gain nothing . 
  in my opinion , at the minimum , there needs to be a change in political system that at least promotes cooperation for the two entities , because right now it 's a clusterfuck . 
  snsd is constantly blocking moves the federation makes ( most notably eu accession vote , nsrs kept blocking the vote to give off the look of a `` failed state , '' which is very dirty and shallow in my opinion ) sda is allowing arabs to essentially have their way with the federation ( example being the arab gated neighborhood where bosnians are not allowed to come in and increased arabization of places , such as sarajevo . 
  seeing signs in arabic pisses me off and i 'm a bosniak . ), 
  hdzbih is calling recently for a third state ( lol ) but thankfully kolinda put them in their place and said there is no need for such a thing . 
  my point is this : independence of rs is not going to lead to good times for anybody . 
  our people need to cooperate better and i think the first step in that is fixing the political landscape . 
  people need to be better educated when they vote , because voting for people like dodik , izetbegovi\u0107 , etc. 
  is not getting anyone anywhere .
