  those look awesome . 
  i saw the b and k variant on wiki . 
  5.56 nato out of an ak , who would 've thought . 
   making fun of communist leadership i guess the guy had a deathwish or something ... 
  ah , ok , googled it . 
  thanks . 
  who in their right mind would protest 2 jars of nutella for almost the price of 1 ? 
  [ but he looks like a mushroom . 
  what the hell kind of head is that, 
  and for that fucking haircut, 
  costco is awesome , i 'm sure people in france will love it , all kinds of great deals on stuff . 
  crazy how the river formed naturally that way over hundreds of thousands , and probably millions of years . 
  beautiful scenery . 
  why are nato members still using the ak platform ? 
  i get that it 's a polandball meme , but still . 
  was wondering . 
  [ can confirm the transition from socialism to capitalism is a little messy sometimes ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslav_wars ), 
   british fish why not just ... britfish ? 
  i mean to be fair , do n't we already have a shit ton of coast ? 
  would it really be so tragic if we lost some ? 
  wow . 
  advanced govnoobjava, 
  we wuz illyrians / s all the albanians i know are really cool . 
  i 'd like to visit there someday . 
  i also really admire their strong sense of brotherhood and community . 
  they stick together and help each other out , wherever they are . 
  i really respect them for that . 
  at least they were nice about it . 
  omg so much fire in one place, 
  enhanced `` warning . '', 
  he 's * full * of ideas . 
  you could land a helicopter on it !, 
  when you look at his face , it looks disproportionate to the rest of his head . 
  shhh , your logic is showing, 
  when the pa system has an aux port and you plug in your phone, 
  that is some excellent weed you 're smoking . 
  the eu is trying to impede upon muh hurvatstvo, 
   join the eu  literally leave the eu to go to other parts of the eu, 
  waaaaah waaaaah , let me call the waambulance !, 
  ooooo , spicy, 
  oh shit , true . 
  well he did n't just copy them politically , he copied them culturally and socially as well , to my understanding . 
  islam and its influence was toned down , whereas erdogan is ramping it up . 
  they just recently decided to stop teaching evolution , i mean come on . 
  nah , chances are the people who at least know who he is absolutely hate the son of a bitch . 
  i mean , he was a secularist and made large pushes to modernize the country . 
  he looked at various western countries and more or less copied a lot of the things they did . 
  sharia was abolished and there were huge reforms , am i missing something ? 
  it 's my understanding he basically turned turkey around . 
  he even pushed for people to wear more modern european clothing , he wore badass top hats . 
  get you someone who looks at you the way orban looks at trump or erdo, 
  ataturk is spinning in his grave so fast , he could power all of istanbul . 
  is there anywhere in the balkans he is n't hated ? 
  let alone the rest of the world ? 
  one of the rarest . 
  his whole post history is kosovo this , bosnia that . 
  1 million people who potentially subscribe to dangerous secessionist ideology are a bigger concern , yes . 
  especially when they know what secession leads to . 
  we were talking about bosnia . 
  so because i came to the us when i was 2 i ca n't have an opinion ? 
  sorry , dad . 
  it does n't matter if i live there or not , it 's still my people in question , and still a country that matters to me , that 's why, 
  i 'm more worried about a certain half of the country that is constantly threatening secession . 
  hover your mouse over the flag, 
  erdo is n't doing shit . 
  turkey = / = ottoman empire . 
  turkey has better ties with serbia than bosnia , they give serbia more foreign aid and they create jobs in serbia . 
  they have n't done much for bosnia . 
  the turkey/bosnia thing is as much a meme as the russia/serbia thing . 
  it 's only nationalists who see it that way . 
  i can definitely tell you the turks hardly did shit in the 90 's . 
  no , i am not some turk ass kisser . 
  can you be sure that all 300 ( if that , but for the sake of the argument ) are hardcore islamists who pertain 100 % to is ideology ? 
  or maybe they 're just dirt poor and went because at least they could get paid ( which would absolutely not surprise me ) ? 
  or maybe some are dirt poor and maybe do conform to the ideology ? 
  it 's hard to tell . 
  regardless , sipa is doing a pretty alright job at monitoring certain trouble areas in bih . 
  also , what are they doing ? 
  why have n't they done anything yet ? 
  all these years and all this combat experience and they 're not committing any attacks ? 
  most sources say around 300 , maybe some more , maybe some less ( for bosnia ) . 
  300 fighters out of a bosniak population of around 1.4 million is almost not worth mentioning , pls stop . 
  edit : 1.7 million, 
  totally agree . 
  you 're reaching . 
  hard . 
  yes , arabs are most likely up to no good in bih , they are funding some radical/hardcore mosques here and there . 
  it 's not a huge problem , but it does exist . 
  what bothers me most is their buying of property and behaving like they run the place . 
  they have forbidden bosniaks from entering their neighborhoods during summertime . 
   both of which are the highest per capita contributers to isis from the balkans maybe because they 're the only countries with significant muslim populations in the balkans ? 
  surely that could n't have anything to do with it . 
  why do n't you give us the actual number of fighters who left ? 
  and why do n't you make any mention of western european countries ? 
  they have much higher numbers of fighters leaving . 
  this guy is fucking annoying man , get a life . 
  i 'm dying laughing hahaha `` kao u bazen '', 
  right in the partisan feels :(, 
  i was just gon na say , vardaria does sound pretty badass . 
  bosnia is failing because it is divided into two `` entities . '',
