  they can be together in a relationship , and through cohabitation after 3 years be considered a couple that is more or less `` married '' , but they can not achieve a full , legal , marriage . 
  [ see here . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_croatia ) life partnership is really just another [ civil union . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_union ), 
  agreed . 
  no , i think the west would have backed yugo . 
  yugo received a lot of money from the west after cutting ties with the ussr , and the allies supplied the partisans in the last few years of wwii . 
  there was an english officer who met with tito and spoke highly of partisan defense against the germans and italians and recommended back to his superiors that the allies should be supporting the partisans and not the chetniks ( serb royalist movement ) . 
  ok cool , gotcha . 
  thanks for the talk . 
   it makes no sense to me to put them in the eastern bloc if they had nothing to do with it from the first three years which is the point i was trying to make . 
  i 'm assuming that eastern bloc just generally means `` any socialist state in europe . '', 
  does n't germany sort of enable what erdogan is doing ? 
  by saying all these people want asylum , they 're essentially telling him `` hey , there 's x amount of people looking for asylum here , come get them . '', 
  they obviously are n't seeking asylum for no reason . 
  i thought cereal meant stuff like reese 's puffs and froot loops , lol . 
  i thought all cereal was was [ this kind of thing . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/2b/froot-loops-box-small.jpg ), 
  the constitution actually banned gay marriage in 2013 , hdz is extremely christian and would not allow that kind of thing . 
  gays can serve in the army however , which is kind of ironic , because they can potentially die in a war on behalf of the country but can not marry who they want . 
  i addressed another user and i think his point is that eastern bloc referred to socialist countries in europe . 
  eastern bloc also usually assumes close ties to/reliance on the ussr . 
  but imo , yugoslavia was not reliant on the ussr due to two things , the first being it was basically the center of the non-aligned movement because it was founded there , and the second being it received money over a long period of time from the us ( and other western countries ) and enjoyed fairly good relations with the west . 
  there were also few travel restrictions to and from yugo , unlike east bloc countries where you were questioned for wanting to leave the country for whatever reason . 
  if the point you 're making is `` east bloc = socialist country in europe '' then ok , i agree . 
  the thing is , eastern bloc countries were more or less dependent on the ussr and yugoslavia was not . 
  i do n't like the term because it makes it look like yugoslavia was tied to the ussr , which it was not , yugoslavia was closer to the west , if anything . 
  too many people seem to think yugoslavia was a kind of pawn of the ussr , yet our people were bold enough to actually stand against them , the second biggest power in the world . 
  yugoslavia was still , however , a buffer against the soviet union , and that 's why i do n't view it as eastern bloc . 
  yugo was a `` satellite '' for 3 years after wwii , which is more or less negligible . 
  [ yugo was pretty much done with the ussr after 1948 . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/tito\u2013stalin_split ) the ussr also attempted multiple assassinations against tito after this time , none of which were successful . 
  yugoslavia then went on to be a founder of the [ non-aligned movement , which is still fairly active today ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/non-aligned_movement ) and it was formally declared in 1961 in beograd . 
  i just do n't see how yugo could have been a satellite when things went sideways so bad . 
  but how does that make it cereal ? 
  slovenia was not eastern bloc either , it was non-aligned as part of yugoslavia . 
  but yes , they 're most likely the first in that general area to allow same-sex marriage . 
  that kind of thing will not gain much traction in , say , croatia or bosnia . 
  why is cereal so popular in bosnia ? 
  slovenia is not eastern europe . 
  fuck , good point . 
  you got me there . 
  i 'm not saying anyone should be thrown in jail , but to let it go seems shitty too . 
  why ? 
  i personally do n't think anyone should be burning anyone 's scriptures . 
  if you hate it so much , just ignore it . 
  going to the length of burning it says a lot about an individual . 
  and thank you , as long as the law applies to people who burn all books , i 'd say it 's fair . 
  i do n't see what makes the danes cowards . 
  can you provide me instances of bible burning going unpunished ? 
  would he get the same treatment if he burned a bible , torah , or other religious text ? 
  i thought i would at least ask a dane . 
  yes , muslims rule over denmark , a country where roughly half of the people have no religion but believe there is some kind of higher power . 
  they run a shadow government from a series of underground mosques located under copenhagen . 
  yeah , sure . 
   no bosnian in the slavic group  ree, 
  it 's so cool how slavic languages share words but are still different lol, 
  yurop mast stay stronk against populist swine . 
  populist swine create false narrative like `` swedistan '' to undermine integrity of yurop union . 
  populist pig can only reee as yurop become more stronk . 
  not sure i follow . 
  and in my opinion , that 's the way it should be . 
  i believe in integrating and i also believe in retaining the native tongue/culture . 
  but there should be a balance , and it should definitely not be pushed onto others . 
  you 're right , iran is not as bad as places like iraq . 
  their women dress in jeans and t-shirts but i think they still wear hijabs . 
  afaik they have a toned down sharia as well . 
  it 's also worth noting how iranian diaspora is . 
  in my area , all the girls were very ... `` open '' and both the men and women drink * a lot . 
  * what i 've also noticed , especially among the younger diaspora , is that they almost have a `` shame '' of their identity . 
  so they drop it , and they act like westerners , some of them even completely drop their native farsi and adopt their new country 's language , whereas some keep both . 
  i do n't agree with every part of his policy . 
  banning entry of people who are legally allowed to come in with green cards or visas or what have you is unreasonable . 
  you may be familiar with the yale student who i believe was from iran ( i think it was iran ) not being able to go back and continue his education . 
  he was visiting family there while the executive order was placed , and was then not able to come back . 
  this is something i 'm * very * against . 
  however , had europe practiced a policy like this , people would not be complaining about the things they are currently complaining about . 
  i firmly believe and understand that there are people who genuinely want to move to other countries from these regions , but at the same time , there are `` plants '' coming from the middle east who are causing trouble in europe . 
  it 's a shitty situation , and so far , no one 's solution has been great . 
  islam is the majority in kosovo , albania , and bosnia . 
  their cultures are all very secular . 
  i ca n't speak on kosovars or albanians , but i know the bosnian diaspora in germany for example is well adapted and respected . 
  generally speaking , we ( bosniaks , and south slavic people ) adapt fully to the cultures of the countries we inhabit . 
  we 're not retarded , we are europeans after all . 
  the problem with muslims from the middle east is that they are not wanting to adapt to the countries they are living in . 
  there is a huge `` disconnect '' if you will . 
  they intentionally do not want to adapt . 
  for example , it 's my understanding that the nordic countries offer courses for foreigners to learn the languages , yet they do not want to learn the languages and somehow insist on speaking arabic . 
  why is this ? 
  they 're very odd people imo . 
  if it were a muslim ban in america , indonesia would have been number 1 on that list . 
  obama also did something similar , targeting specifically iraq , i believe , and no one said shit . 
  his particular ban lasted 6 months . 
  this is also coming from a muslim , even though i am not particularly religious . 
  or maybe it 's just middle eastern people . 
  muslims from south europe do n't cause much of the same trouble that middle easterners cause . 
  wi pipo are a genetic mutation n sheit, 
  ugh , i do n't do n't have a youtube account so it wants me to sign out . 
  can you tell me what the song name is ? 
  chances are , i already know it lol .
