  if russia invades , it could be days before we can fight back . 
  if a terrorist had been located , it would require a public debate before their house could be raided . 
  i do n't think a un system could function in this situation , as the unsc military system was designed to be used as reinforcements after troops are already fighting . 
   i actually do , even if only because we ( in general ) glorify militarism far less . 
  it 's far more difficult to get europeans to agree to military intervention , and that 's a good thing . 
  i do agree with you on that . 
  i did n't think you meant militarism . 
  sorry , i think i phrased it poorly . 
  currently under nato , there is the secretary-general who is over ( for example ) the french president , but everyone past that is french and can communicate effectively . 
  if the eu was federalised , the military would be like that of one country , so people of all parts of europe would be mixed into units while being commanded by people from other countries . 
  they would speak different languages , and if you 'd require them all to speak a single language it would be unfair to people from countries where they do n't speak that language . 
  you could potentially get past this by having segregated military units , but that is discrimination on the basis of nationality and there would be many grey areas ( where would we put bilingual dual citizens ? ) . 
  actually , now i 'm curious how the belgian and swiss militaries function . 
  we might be able to do it their way . 
  i 'm undecided but this is what i think :  i 've never liked the idea that , just for being born in a place , i have more or less rights than another person living in a different place . 
  being born a spaniard is n't a merit on my part , nor i did anything to deserve it , so drawing a line in the sand and saying `` people out of this circle ca n't have what i have '' sounds like theft to me - i ca n't justify having that right !, 
  but we already have the right within the eu , so the only thing that would change is national voting rights and military eligibility in other areas , right ? 
  unless you would be willing to add all countries that want to join . 
   lastly , there is matter of security : the world has been living a reasonably good time for the last decades thanks to the us ' role as world police . 
  but i do n't really trust the shitshow that american politics is becoming anymore , nor the ideas that they defend , and other superpowers are n't up to the task either i think - so i would like to see a superpower that supports the causes i think should be defended . 
  in my view , the eu is too diverse for a united military to function . 
  do you really think that us french will take any orders from the english ? 
  i think the french , german , spanish etc. 
  militaries would be more effective cooperating than one eu military being mixed together , but i 'm not an expert on this so i 'm not sure . 
  also , do you really think our politics are much better ? 
  my advice is for you to finish your degree , and come for a master 's . 
  many master 's programs are taught in english . 
  english undergrad programs are selective and expensive . 
  and after you 've chosen the country , start to learn the language as soon as possible . 
   any services or websites that can help ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/iwantout/comments/wqzw3/websites_to_browse_for_bachelormasterphd/  uk , france , norway , denmark , the netherlands , or switzerland uk may seem like it 's the easiest , but it 's very expensive to study there . 
  easiest of these would be norway and the netherlands . 
  english master 's programs are more common , there is less competition for jobs ( relative to france and the other countries ) , and you can get around speaking english . 
  i would n't recommend france unless you really want to live here after . 
  the french education system is different from the rest of europe and you may have difficulties transferring your credits , and employers outside of france would prefer a degree from the other countries . 
  we are also in a bad economic situation , so living here might not even be a good idea ( this might change under macron but it most likely wo n't ) . 
  do n't be condescending . 
  they just want to learn about europe from europeans rather than the media , and we are happy to explain to them . 
  they are not ignorant . 
  european media also has myths about american life . 
  if i never interacted with anybody outside my continent , i 'd think you just got shot by a texan with an m16 and now you 're bankrupt from the medical bills . 
  so it would be perfectly reasonable for me to ask `` how easy is it to get an m16 in america ? '', 
  or `` what is texas like ? '', 
  or `` how much do you spend on healthcare in america ? '', 
  and i would not be ignorant for doing so . 
  do we get brussels ? 
   you do n't want our ( us ) constitution . 
  i do like the idea of protecting your important freedoms in a document that ca n't be changed . 
  but what if those rights become outdated ? 
  for example , i heard that someone has the right to a jury in the us over an amount over $ 20 . 
   is the fact that you 've been through several republics the reason you 're collectively just fine with burning it down ? 
  i guess it might be that . 
  if we 'd had one very stable government for 250 years we might be more reluctant to change it . 
  in german syria , crime commits you . 
  okay op , are you happy with the answers you have gotten ? 
  germany lot crime of commit in a germans do ? 
  well , the southwest of france is [ very different ] ( https://www.thelocal.fr/userdata/images/1475842613_44424914_565bb9ac54_z%20 ( 1 \\ ) . jpg ) in many cases . 
  i 'd feel better if they were a separate country . 
  do criminals germany a lot of commitment in german ? 
  would you include northern cyprus ? 
  i would say a big country like us or china so we 'd be powerful , but their voters would outnumber us and they would just control us . 
  it 's probably an unpopular opinion here but i choose belgium . 
  they are a strong economy with less people , and half of them already speak our language . 
  i do n't know as much as i should about this , sorry . 
  i would guess macron is , because he is more of a globalist in general . 
  probably the least amicable is m\u00e9lenchon or le pen . 
  you mean in the polls ? 
  it 's close between le pen and macron . 
  i do n't remember which one is ahead by 1-2 % , but it does n't matter because macron will probably win the second round . 
  i 'm happy . 
  i 'm not super enthusiastic because my first choice has no chance of winning , but personally i 'd be happier with macron than with le pen or fillon . 
  i 'm interested in how my fellow french redditors will be voting . 
  i plan on voting for my first choice ( hamon ) , but my family is doing `` strategic voting '' and voting for fillon since he is the lesser of three evils for them . 
  most of northern europe fits your description , except for `` us vs them politics '' which is a problem in every country due to the refugees and euroscepticism . 
  you should be more specific if you want a specific country . 
  the language would make uk and ireland ( and belgium + northern france ? ), 
  easiest to move to , so i recommend those countries if these are your only criteria . 
   none at all no dental care at all , or none covered by public insurance ? 
  does this extend to stuff like toothbrush and toothpaste at home ? 
  well , if i stay in the democracy , i risk the rising chance of my countrymen elevating sultan le pen , and i 'd still have no dental care . 
  i would rather live with the dental care . 
  and surely erdogan ca n't be as bad as sarkozy or fillon , right ? 
   will be kicked out from the club for not fulfilling commitments . 
  til that this is possible . 
  has it ever happened before ? 
    us  / r/askanamerican i think that the reason why he asked here was for a european perspective . 
  obviously we ca n't be sure . 
  i can give you my thoughts but i have no experience in politics , history , economics , or anything like that . 
   will the eu survive ? 
  yes . 
  the uk left and many people in other countries want to leave , but most europeans do support it . 
  worst case is we lose the euro currency , but that would n't be so bad . 
   the migrants this is a controversial subject on european subreddits and it brings out the worst in everybody . 
  i wo n't touch it , sorry . 
   russia they are declining . 
  they will have less influence , losing it to the china , eu , and us . 
   nato did n't the us president change his mind on it recently ? 
  now he 's in favour of it , along with most other american and european politicians , so it will probably last . 
  i think europe would survive even if it was disbanded . 
   the us what specifically are you asking about ?
