ugh , this . 
  that and `` pay your road tax '' ... 
  it 's amazing how many people think vauxhall is still a british car company ... 
  [ and buildings ... ] ( http://i.guim.co.uk/static/w-620/h--/q-95/sys-images/guardian/pix/audio/video/2011/8/7/1312718209368/building-on-fire-during-t-007.jpg ) : /, 
  surely a government with the capacity to kill you in the street with no forward planning and no questions asked would be worse ? 
  there was a huge public debate and inquiry about the death of jean charles de menezes during the london terrorist attacks , when police accidentally shot him instead of the terror suspect . 
  we take gun controls very seriously , including limits on the use of guns by police . 
  in contrast , it seems odd to me that no one in the us is suggesting a solution to the problem of innocent people getting killed by police . 
  i think there 's certainly some truth in the reasons you give : here 's my rambling half-formed thoughts in response . 
  :d much of britain 's recent history has been as a global superpower , with a huge military and a huge number of colonies under british control . 
  it was only a couple of decades ago that the uk finally gave up hong kong ( 1997 ) , and the british raj in india and many african and caribbean colonies are still within living memory for a lot of people . 
  british colonialism lasted for hundreds of years , and only fully ended in the last few decades , so i think it still informs our culture is many subtle ways . 
  i think a few people in the uk still have that image in the back of their mind of britain as a colonial power , rather than as it is today - just another country among many . 
  it does n't sit right with some people to think that we 're simply not in charge anymore : when the uk engages in diplomacy and negotiation on an equal footing with other countries in the eu , it creates a cognitive dissonance with their outdated view of britain 's international status . 
  many brits like the idea of the uk being ` in control of its own destiny ' ( which has historically meant being in control of other people 's destiny too , and is no longer practical for us ) , but see the eu as being a threat to that , as it 's a forum where the uk does n't have total control of the outcomes - something we 're still getting used to . 
  this could be a reflection on the uk 's foreign policy - as far as i know , we have engaged in the most foreign military interventions of any european country . 
  we ca n't help it !, 
  as for your point about language , there may be something in that . 
  for instance , scotland and ireland do have distinct languages and dialects , whereas england does n't to such an extent . 
  i do n't know what the views are in first language welsh-speaking areas . 
  the language barrier may be an important one though - the british colonies were generally administered using english , with british culture becoming the dominant one among the colonies ' ruling classes , which helped english become the most popular lingua franca in the world . 
  there 's a certain amount of cultural imperialism , which the uk still benefits from in many ways . 
  however , we may feel a bit at sea with our european neighbours , as we 're not used to the need to learn other languages and , to be frank , the need to learn about and accept other people 's cultural traditions . 
  apart from lots of investment in redevelopment projects , increased european trade , ... https://youtu.be/exwfh6sgyso, 
  personally , i 'd be in favour of that , coupled with regional devolution throughout england ... 
  that has some similarities with the old english word ` overmorrow ' , which was used to refer to the day after tomorrow . 
  it 's such a common concept , i 'm amazed that the word fell from regular usage . 
  it 's at times like this i 'm glad english has managed to shed or avoid most of these rules !, 
  but then i remember that english relies on word order and random auxiliary words to convey meaning , and still manages to be horribly imprecise , which leads to comic misunderstandings !, 
  this is correct - i had n't thought of this as odd before now !, 
  in practice , it 's usually clear from context , so you 're unlikely to hear people asking for ' a loaf of white bread ' - as white is the default , i 'd just ask for a ` plain loaf ' , or ` one granary ' and no meaning would be lost . 
  it 's still a bit of a mouthful though ... 
  wow . 
  i thought that the uk was oddly distributed , with around 1/6 in london . 
  yes - this !, 
  i did n't think it was any worse than lazy stereotypes that get trotted out on second rate uk comedy shows . 
  the most opinionated people on that subreddit are ukip supporters as far as i can tell . 
  the majority of brits are n't ukip supporters , luckily . 
  brit here !, 
  currently have : house of commons ( lower house ) : 650 mps elected using first past the post , one per constituency . 
  house of lords ( upper house ) : ~ 779 lords , appointed by the incumbent government when space becomes available . 
  this is clearly massively flawed , and it allows huge swings of power from labour to conservative and back again . 
  usually , one party has total control of government , policy and budgets . 
  it also means that each time the government changes hands , the party in power appoints as many new lords as possible , aiming to get overall support from the upper house . 
  it means we have more unelected members in the upper house than elected members in the lower house , which makes no sense !, 
  i would prefer : house of commons ( lower house ) : 500-600 mps elected using stv , ~ 5 per constituency , ~ 12 constituencies . 
  house of lords ( upper house ) : 300-400 lords elected using stv , ~ 30 per region , 12 regions ( eu constituencies ) . 
  i can dream !, 
  thanks !, 
  i did a quick look before , but missed it !, 
  it 's a pretty sad story . 
  it was built as a cheap holiday village in the 1930s , made of small timber-built cottages which , when the tourist industry died , gradually became permanent residences because they were going dirt cheap . 
  the roads are also unadopted , which means they 're not owned by the county council , so they do n't have permission to upgrade anything . 
  there are also absentee landlords who own a large percentage of the housing . 
  it 's a huge administrative mess . 
  socially , it 's pretty bad too - lots of drug abuse and sky high unemployment rate . 
  oh , and it 's at very high risk of flooding again because it 's just above sea level . 
  and the only access road is even closer to sea level , so it would become impassable if there was a flood . 
  that first photo ... 
  it 's aggressively - dramatically - ugly . 
  it almost looks like a scale model that 's been made for a film set . 
  to me , he seems like a man of about average intelligence but with a huge ego who thinks that he 's much smarter than he actually is , but also believes that adopting the persona of a complete buffoon makes him look like a ` man of the people ' and stops shit sticking to him . 
  and [ yes minister ] ( https://youtu.be/rvyuowyk8iu?t=1m20s ) ... 
  here 's another one for you . 
  revolutions seem to have some of the best songs ... 
  the carnation revolution of 1974 was begun with the broadcast of two songs on portuguese station r\u00e1dio renascen\u00e7a , signalling the beginning of the revolution to overthrow the authoritarian dictatorship : [ e depois do adeus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjrtnwd_r_0 ) is a ballad by well-known anti-establishment pop and fado singer paulo de carvalho about a man who is faced with the end of a relationship - and was portual 's eurovision song contest entry that year . 
  it signalled the rebels to begin preparing for the coup . 
  [ gr\u00e2ndola , vila morena ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=galwqy4e7ls ) , a hauntingly beautiful song written by left wing folk musician zeca afonso , is about a small town in alentejo where , according to the song , there was fraternity , equality and the people who lead together . 
  it was banned by the corporatist conservative government for promoting communism and could n't be broadcast on the radio without breaking the law . 
  it was this song that signalled the revolutionaries within the military to finally march on lisbon and other strategic sites to overthrow the government . 
  the government were caught unawares , and had significant portions of the military occupied with colonial disputes . 
  they were n't really expecting a full blown revolution , until it was literally at their gates . 
  as armed conflict was beginning with the forceful takeover of radio and tv stations , and other institutions , the revolutionary forces broadcast warnings , telling civilians to stay in their homes so they did n't get caught in the crossfire . 
  instead , thousands of people took to the streets , stood with members of the military resistance in the main squares of lisbon and gave them food , drink and cigarettes . 
  many stalls in the city were selling carnations , which were in season , and the revolutionaries placed them in their gun barrels to show they wanted to avoid violence where possible , while demanding the resignation of the president by holding him under siege in central lisbon . 
  less than a day after the song was broadcast , the regime collapsed . 
  it took from 20 past midnight when the song was played , until 19:30 that evening for the president to be driven out of lisbon in an armoured car , having resigned . 
  portuguese people seem to really like this song , for some reason . 
  yeah , the mail is quite remarkable in its hypocrisy regarding certain historical events in the 1930s ... 
  the express , metro and sun are all lowlights of british culture today , in my view . 
  the express and metro are bad for the same reasons as the mail , and the sun is known for fabricating news stories - including ` the truth ' about the hillsborough incident . 
  the mirror is n't quite as bad for making blatantly making shit up , but they have a penchant for sensationalism and were found to have hacked the voicemails of the dead teenager milly dowler looking for a story - which disrupted the police investigation . 
  yeah , there 's lots of unethical journalism happening ... 
  and the express would be secondhand toilet paper . 
  it 's basically just the daily mail , but a day later ... 
  and [ an alphabetised list ] ( http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/euromyths-a-z-index/ ) of everything they 've ever issued corrections on ... 
  i broadly agree with your point about giving votes to 16 year olds . 
  if you 're allowed to die for your country in the military 2 years before you can vote , that seems off to me . 
  your ` generation snowflake ' rubbish is n't useful . 
  i suspect it 's aimed at people like me : i 'm in the 18-25 bracket and voted remain , but i 'm not belittling any other group just because i disagree with them on this issue . 
  you 're totally ( perhaps wilfully ) missing the reasons that the turnout for 18-25 year olds was lower than the rest of the population . 
  around half attend college or university . 
  they move around more than any other age group , as you 'd expect . 
  they 're moving house , in different accommodation each year during term time , or staying with parents for the summer . 
  the majority of those leaving home for the first time are in this age bracket . 
  this is inevitable , and how it should be , but raises a number of difficulties . 
  it 's very easy to miss the annual electoral commission letter if ( like many students ) your address changes every year , and even easier if you 're in student halls where they do n't get delivered at all . 
  yes , students can register to vote at their parents ' address , but that 's not a whole lot of use for those stuck elsewhere during the may exam season , when most elections are held . 
  they can apply for a postal vote at their parents ' address and get it sent on , or maybe get parents to fill it in on their behalf , but that 's hardly ideal and legally dodgy . 
  this referendum was trickier for students than usual .
