agreed . 
  there is a difference since this video is mainly about accepting economic migrants not war refugees . 
  however the idea to tackle the root of the problem rather to try and just minimize it still applies . 
  the idea that some european leaders have that just by accepting all of this refugees together with economic migrants we will somehow help people is simply flawed . 
  it was posted three days ago by someone else and got deleted , so i do n't expect this post will be treated differently . 
  i see slovenia very rarely considered a southern europe country , because we have a very short coastline and only a small part of the country actually has mediterranean weather . 
  usually slovenia is placed among central european or southeastern european countries . 
  he did actually do some modeling while he was a student . 
  i could n't find exactly how many people daily enter slovenia , but in several articles it was said that austria accepts approximately 2000 refugees daily . 
  so i think it is pretty safe to say about 1000 to 2000 people enter slovenia and austria daily . 
  in slovenia , those refugees that are rejected by another country are taken to the [ aliens centre ] ( http://www.policija.si/eng/index.php/generalpolicedirectorate/82-centre-for-foreigners-presentation ) where they undergo additional interviews to determine where they are from and based on the facts discovered authorities decide what to do with this people . 
  i imagine countries such as croatia and austria have similar systems as slovenia regarding rejected immigrants . 
  sorry it took me some time to answer , i was n't able to do it sooner . 
  [ well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiptvxsdpqy ) ... , not a politician but still . 
  true , not to mention that majority of slovenians like croatians . 
  the only reason the government is transporting them is because austria is still accepting migrants . 
  i am fairly certain that if austria closes its border , slovenia will take similar actions . 
  do n't forget that there is a [ greater slovenia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hgtskrq.jpg ) too !, 
  austria will accept 37,500 asylum seekers this year , until july 2019 they plan to accept altogether 127,500 asylum seekers . 
  due to these decisions slovenia will tomorrow reconsider new measures . 
  this decision was made on today 's refugee vienna summit by representatives of the austrian government , the provinces and municipalities . 
  according to the agreement reached today , austria will accept this year around 37,500 asylum seekers , next year 35,000 and in 2018 30,000 . 
  by mid-2019 , it is expected only 25,000 asylum seekers will come to austria . 
  total number of asylum seekers austria plans to accept is therefore 127,500 , which is about 1.5 percent of the total austrian population . 
  this number does not involved 90,000 migrants who applied for asylum in austria last year . 
  for now , it is not clear what will happen if that limit is exceeded . 
  the austrian government has announced that it will order two legal opinions . 
  austrian chancellor werner faymann says asylum seekers limit is an `` emergency plan '' to be used also to `` shock '' the eu . 
  `` in austria , we can not accept all asylum seekers , '' said the chancellor . 
  vice chancellor reinhold mitterlehner announced that a large number of migrants is overloading the austrian system . 
  therefore , in his words , they will also tighten border controls , which will include a rigorous review and registration , in order to prepare for a possible rejection of migrants at the border in the future . 
  `` in the case of the restrictions on admission of immigrants to austria we plan the same action on our external schengen border , '' the slovenian police in the press release . 
  slovenian foreign minister karl erjavec announced that the government will decide about the measures slovenia will take , because of decisions made by austria , on thursday . 
  he said one of the options is limiting the accepted number of immigrants . 
  slovenia does not have austria 's formal message regarding the measures in relation to immigrants erjavec said . 
  but erjavecre said they received a message in the beginning of the week that the austrian government might take certain measures . 
  slovenia will have to adapt to this restrictions said the minister and confirmed one of the options is to limit the number of migrants slovenia will accept . 
  more will be known after the government session on thursday . 
  according to the minister slovenia needs to adjust according to how many immigrants european countries are willing to accept . 
  slovenia at the moment has no problems in the sense that immigrants want to stay in our country - so far only 150 immigrants requsted for asylum in slovenia . 
  `` but of course , we must not allow for slovenia to become a pocket for migrants , '' said erjavec . 
  he assured that the slovenian government is preparing measures for all scenarios . 
  he also answered the question whether measures are already prepared for in case if austria would return to slovenia a greater number of immigrants . 
  `` should this happen , we will respond in time . 
  but do not expect a few thousand of immigrants would be stuck in slovenia until sessions of the government will be completed '' says erjavec . 
  he assured that at this moment , there are significantly lower number of migrants entering slovenia . 
  austrian newspaper kronen zeitung writes today 's summit in vienna has agreed to deal faster with migrants from safe countries by accelerating the relevant procedures . 
  they will also implement temporary asylum , as well as make family reunification applications more strict . 
  in the future asylum seekers will receive more material aid and less cash and if they will discover abuse of the system by those who will be receiving this aid , they will react harsher . 
  in \u0160pilj the new system is already being used . 
  just after noon first group of migrants was released from slovenia to austria who were subjected to tighter controls . 
  this system is intil the end of the month still on a trial , in february the system is planned to be fully operational . 
  to enforce the new verification system , which includes a personal inspection , verification and registration of the baggage , 500 additional austrian soldiers will be used . 
  the austrian authorities at the first station check their id and inspect their baggage , and ask for information like where they 're going and where they plan to apply for asylum . 
  `` then comes the actual border , where they review documents and check identity . 
  there will also be decided whether they can continue with their voyage or if they will have to go back '' , said police spokesman fritz grundnig . 
  they will check the identity with documents migrants were issued with from other countries , including slovenia , but also with the help of interpreters to verify the identity of a refugee . 
  `` if a person presents a security risk if they give false information about their identity or nationality or if that person is already in the investigation , '' they will return them back to slovenian authorities . 
  refugees how will be found with forged documents will be returned aswell . 
  sending migrants back to slovenia will be done in cooperation with slovenian authorities . 
  with the news system used in \u0160pilj they will be able to process 6000 immigrants per day , but if necessary this number could be increase to 11000 . 
  in short slovenian interior minister is afraid such policies could lead to creation of `` hot spots '' in slovenia . 
  there are already foreign police officers in slovenia who help the slovenian police with border control and migrants registrations . 
  at the moment all of the migrants who enter slovenia at out border are registered by our police and i dont think that is going to change . 
  i think that the main problem here is the fact , that our politicians dont trust austrian and german officials enough . 
  austrian interior ministry partially confirmed the allegations by the newspaper kronen zeitung , which says that the common project of austria , germany and slovenia consisted of rigorous border controls on the slovenian-croatian border . 
  mia also confirmed the talks . 
  according to a customer service representative for public relations at the austrian ministry of the interior karl-heinz grundb\u00f6cka there have been concrete discussions on joint collaboration of the german , austrian and slovenian police in controlling the slovenian-croatian border . 
  the talk took place on wednesday between the managing directors of the austrian and slovenian police , marjan fankom and konrad kogler . 
  they met on the austrian side of the border crossing \u0160entilj . 
  however , a political decision at the top has n't yet been made , therefore there are no concrete details of the plan yet . 
  for example how many officers would work where , he explained . 
  `` we do not want just to limit the number of immigrants in such a manner as germany , but the main objective of austria is to preserve the schengen agreement in the schengen states and at the same time strengthen controls at the external schengen borders , '' he said grundb\u00f6ck . 
  stricter control tomorrow ? 
  `` we have had good conversations with slovenian and german governments about our plans for more effective border controls , '' said austrian interior minister johanna mikl-leitner for krone-zeitung and added that it will be followed by measures to curb illegal crossing of austrian border and refusal of economic migrants . 
  the austrian government will launch on friday a new system of border controls in \u0160pilj on the border with slovenia , which will be much more strict on checking immigrants . 
  in a short while , the slovenian , german and austrian border guards will start to tighten up controls at the border with croatia . 
  all three governments to this joint project has already concluded an agreement in principle . 
  the plan was supposedly discussed today by slovenian pm miro cerar and german chancellor angela merkel , but the cabinet of slovenian pm denies any such talks . 
  austria is said to be planning a large-scale military intervention on its southern border , particularly to strengthen the military presence of the green border , writes the austrian newspaper . 
  similar information was also given by german spiegel . 
  the slovenian ministry of the interior did not confirm this media reports . 
  they only stated there are ongoing discussions at various levels to seek appropriate solutions to the management of migratory flows . 
  `` the final arrangements have not yet taken place . 
  we stress that for now everything is running smoothly and without problems , '' they wrote in their message . 
  i dont really know exactly , but i imagine main reasons are higher taxes , more paperwork and also the fact that slovenia is a smaller market , so i think its more expensive to import such weapons here . 
  yes absolutely true , firearms are very expensive in slovenia , when compared with some other countries , because of all of the restrictions that we have . 
  but you know at least we have an option to buy them and not a complete ban on such weapons . 
  i feel sorry for you guys , in slovenia gun laws are tough but if you are willing to go through all that bureaucratic nonsense you can actually buy quite a lot of different weapons . 
  even something like this : http://www.rebec.si/si/puska-bushmaster-ba-50-50-bmg-30-i2007.shtml , 
  i went through the entire list and according to this data apparently we just dislike everyone . 
  ok , i am sorry that i did not check before for familiar submissions . 
  ok no problem , i am sorry that i did not check before if it was posted already . 
  the border between slovenia and croatia is approximately 667.8 km long . 
  if i understand you correctly you are wondering if you will be able to get by with english language ? 
  if that is the question the answers is yes , you should be able to communicate with locals in english . 
  it can be helpful to also know at least a bit of some other major european language , such as german or french , but even with just english you should be fine . 
  if you plan to mainly visit popular tourist destinations in countries you plan to travel through , people there will without a doubt understand english well enough . 
  in my case the cheapest country we crossed was poland . 
  before we left poland we bough a lot of food that does n't get spoiled quickly .
