  i 'd assume most people are born into a religion rather than choosing one . 
  does it cost much to get from finland to russia ? 
  sounds like they need to start arresting these polonium smugglers . 
  murdoch renounced his citizenship years ago . 
  stop sullying us with his bad name , he 's a full yank now . 
   it kind of supposes that the terrorists have very good intel about what the police are up to and capable of . 
  does it ? 
  i just assume they 've watched the tv . 
  and ? 
  that does n't change what he did . 
  would you want macron to crack down on whistleblowers or the press like obama did ? 
  obama was n't a saint being stopped by the republicans at every turn . 
  he has his own issues that he made himself . 
  obama looks like a gold nugget as he was in between two pieces of shit ( bush/trump ) , but he was n't all he was cracked up to be . 
  i feel sorry for france if they 've gotten a populist `` centre '' - right wing , politician that is more interested in maintaining the state status quo of quashing freedoms at the benefit of corporations . 
  so france will expect change but actually lose more freedoms and have greater press crackdowns ? 
  i hope for their sake they did n't elect a copy of an american politician . 
  this comment would be more understandable if it was in the lingua franca of english . 
  do you honestly believe hundreds of millions of muslim women all over the world suffer stockholm syndrome ? 
  i bloody well know what stockholm syndrome is , you can not apply it to hundreds of millions of people worldwide because you refuse to admit there are women who want to wear a hijab . 
  okay so you do n't want to deny just want to discriminate against personal choices . 
  glad we cleared that up . 
  how convenient for you to simply label it as stockholm syndrome and dismiss the people who actually want to wear it . 
  oh good , well in that case i suppose you support their right to wear it ? 
  now you 're just going off the deep end . 
  let me guess north korea is a democracy as well because that 's the official line ? 
  i guess that explains a lot though , mental health issues are important . 
  hope you get help man !, 
  thats a problem of iran and non-secular governments . 
  is this really all you have left to parrot ? 
  i feel sad for you , so little understanding that you ca n't even form valid arguments but so much anger that you must make them . 
  and many muslim * choose * to wear the hijab , how can you not fucking see that ? 
  it also is n't part of islamic culture for some women as well no , not aka hijabs or it 'd have said so . 
  *** you are literally the one wanting to enforce clothing on women , do you not see the bloody hypocrisy ? 
  it 's not at all like the yellow star , no one wanted to wear that . 
  your analogies are so badly forced it 's not funny . 
  sweet , is the swastika at all like a hijab ? 
  no it 's fucking not . 
  how far are you reaching now if this is the point you 're left with trying to make . 
  it is not a symbol of oppression , it 's a symbol of devotion . 
  we 've been living together in cities for how many thousands of years now ? 
  i 'd say it 's been holding pretty well overall . 
  yes as our means of fighting wars has increased , so have the casualties yet most of the world is n't at war because we are capable of coexisting . 
  such as the scientific basis of evolutionary psychology ? 
  why do we even have the entire field of psychology if there 's nothing we can do about ? 
  is it ? 
  look at africa , you can see the same sort of shit from developing christian nations as well . 
  or you can go see the buddhists setting muslims on fire in burma if you want a different part of the world . 
  the common theme among them is n't following a particular religion , it 's the socio-economic conditions that allow extremist views to propagate . 
  what about them ? 
   the specifics on what constitutes modesty is different all over the world and because they 're humans , individuals . 
  and muslim adults who choose to wear them ? 
  should my friend be forced to take hers off because you do n't want it when she chose to start wearing it herself ? 
  you 're the one trying to force women to dress or not dress a certain way here . 
  are you kidding ? 
  i look out my window , i do n't see my city at war . 
  it 's natural to form small groups , yet we overcome that nature and form even larger groups that coexist . 
  living together peacefully in large societies . 
  probably considered a form of protest ? 
  we 've already done a pretty good job at over coming basic instincts so far , there 'll always be individual exceptions but in general we are more than capable of it . 
  why do you assume i do n't understand their reasoning just because i 've listed mine ? 
  nintendo existing has nothing to do with nationalism . 
  modern nintendo formed out of the fact that the playing card industry was n't all that profitable and they branched out into other areas . 
  you can achieve protecting people without the negatives of nationalism however . 
  i do n't believe it has any place in the 21st century , it 's a legacy of the 19th and 20th . 
  and the other 1.7 billion ? 
  there is no requirement in the quran that forces women to wear a hijab . 
  the requirement is to dress modestly and it applies to both men and women , the specifics on what constitutes modesty is different all over the world and because they 're humans , individuals . 
  i bet nuns in habits must drive you nuts as well . 
  [ australia has/had the little boy from manly ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rvp9lki.jpg ), 
  it 's built-in , but that does n't mean we can not over come it . 
  how many people resist the urge to hit someone when they really piss them off ? 
  if you honestly believe that , you are * literally * ignorant on the subject . 
  they 're well off because the u.s. built them up into prosperous puppets after ww2/korea so they could exert more influence in asia-pacific . 
  i do n't think you need nationalism to want self rule either . 
  i do n't have a patriotic bone in my body for my country , but i 'd defend everyone here just the same if it came to it . 
  when it comes down to it you 'll fuck over the others for your family if need be . 
  nationalism leads to targeting `` others '' during less prosperous times . 
  it 's a form of tribalism and we need to over come that base human instinct not embrace it . 
   however , if the nation in question is smaller with less favorable resources and global impact it can yet provide a net positive influence despite nationalistic views , see s.korea / japan/taiwan . 
  how is it a positive for those countries ? 
  they are extremely xenophobic in private and at best distrusting of foreigners . 
  no it 's not . 
  i 'll give you a hint about what they 're talking about ; they post in t_d . 
  why would n't it be ? 
  two different governments are n't going to have the same policies just because they 're both fascist . 
  strong statesmen and weak * civilisations * . 
  he 's not comparing leadership when he talks about their weakness as a nation , he 's talking about the nation as a whole and britain certainly was n't weak compared to italy at the time . 
  the statement has to be about poland . 
  i knew nsw/qld were the only states to recognise it , did n't know they went the full length to a memorial , that 's really nice to hear . 
  fair call . 
  still wish we did more , i mailed my state representative about getting our state to recognise it a few weeks ago and never heard back :(, 
  i thought so at first but i could n't see him calling other first world countries ` weak ' unless he was talking about their political climates . 
  france possibly but britain and their navy at the time ? 
   our strength consists in our speed and in our brutality . 
  genghis khan led millions of women and children to slaughter -- with premeditation and a happy heart . 
  history sees in him solely the founder of a state . 
  it 's a matter of indifference to me what a weak ** western european civilization ** will say about me . 
  i can only assume he 's talking about poland and what they 'll think of him after being conquered for a thousand years . 
  i think they were more referring to why it is n't on the news here .
