the biggest blow goes to ukraine . 
  russia will have achieved something at least and been given no real negatives . 
  a ukrainian cossack . 
  same time / r/worldnews did . 
  i only ever really notice it coming from europeans . 
  there 's a difference between calling out issues some groups can cause and thinking immigration is the problem . 
  seeing shit like this get upvoted really makes me think less of europeans , i hope it 's just a vocal minority opinion though . 
  you should just all speak english , it 'd solve your problem . 
  this looks more like rioting than protesting . 
  alright i guess i 'd have more luck explaining this concept to a brick wall . 
  i do n't know the specifics for ukraine but i assume like many other countries they did prepare , by paying taxes towards which also went covered pensions which they would also end up using later in life . 
  that 's easy to say until it 's your parents suffering . 
  i 'd be curious to see how that has changed from before and after these countries joined the e.u. 
  so you either have young people propping them up or old people unable to support themselves , being propped up by their younger family members or dying from poverty . 
  either way a low population growth is n't a good outcome . 
  pretty much every nation who encountered them during the war feels that way . 
  that may be so but i 've never proposed any of that . 
  my point is simple : people wanting to be paid for their time working is not even remotely similar to rich people complaining about a luxury , it 's the bare basics . 
  what point were you trying to make by bringing up breadlines and socialism ? 
  not wanting to get fucked over by corporate greed means i want to live in the soviet union to you ? 
  gee , imagine some sort of middle ground where we could allow companies to continue existing but putting laws and regulations in place to keep them in check . 
  maybe even rulings such as this article could become a reality . 
  do you strive to be this pedantic and miss the point or does it just come naturally ? 
  more like someone wanting some protein to go with their bread and water . 
  not wanting to get fucked over by corporate greed is n't something fancy . 
  being paid for your hours worked has everything to do with capitalism . 
  yeah how dare they want to better themselves !, 
  do you not have weather stations over there ? 
  what 's so difficult about preparing for a hot day when it 's still cold in the morning . 
  mate . 
  that 's not what a persecution complex is . 
  so politicians ca n't step down over there ? 
  that links to one of my new favourite wiki pages . 
  why could n't she resign though ? 
  is n't that a bulldog ? 
   as it is they are n't eligible for asylum , they have reached a safe country they are not running from a warzone they are running from france . 
  that 's not at all how asylum claims/laws work , you can pass through 50 different safe countries and only claim at the last one as long the conditions that you left your home country for still pose a risk to your life . 
  the un convention makes no claim that they have to stop in any country . 
  as long as their home country that they fled is unsafe for them that is literally all the matters . 
  no the first port of call is not asylum . 
  asylum is protection granted by a state . 
  yes the uk is leaving and will no longer have the cooperation of europe to help them . 
  i get it your the typical far right `` economic migrants '' bla blah brexit blah type so i wo n't bother convincing you otherwise . 
  you ca n't solve the problem by only dealing with the end . 
  people will continue to come as long as conditions in their homes are making them leave . 
  if you stop them at the ferries , they 'll find another way across . 
  they 've come so far and you think the english channel is going to stop them ? 
  all moving the border from france will do is move the border to britain , they will be even more your problem unless you want to back out of the un refugee convention as well as the dublin regulations/eu . 
  alright mate , i feel like you guys have n't really thought this whole thing through enough but if you think france is going to just take care of it all for you , well good luck with it all . 
  does it send us citizens back or anyone ? 
  because i find it unlikely the us is just accepting plane loads of stateless people into their country , which many refugees are . 
  good luck with that . 
  we tried sending some asylum seekers back to indonesia and that failed spectacularly , i 'd love to see you try with a wealthy , developed nation . 
  but it 's the dublin regulation that would make them accept them back if you tried to . 
  if you 're not an eu member state and they do n't let you back into the dublin regulation , what are you going to ? 
  there 's no international law forcing a country to take them back . 
  using your international airport analogy , they would all be stuck in your terminal if france does n't stop them leaving theirs . 
  under eu laws though , right ? 
  that 's an eu law though right ? 
  why would france take them back if you try and force them on them ? 
  you can selectively present facts to favour your opinion . 
   from what i understand , norway has serious issues with nepotism , only they call it `` nettverk '' and think it 's completely normal . 
  how exactly is that different from networking ? 
  hahaha good luck with that . 
  stalin supported [ lysenkoism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lysenkoism ) among countless soviet agricultural fuck-ups . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was just an inept leader and not out to cause the genocide of the ukrainian people . 
  if the u.k. kills all indians ( because they stole all their food ) , that 's not genocide . 
  it does n't matter how many or who , it matters why . 
  if it 's not happening because you want to get rid of them , it 's not genocide . 
  if we agree they do n't need it , why are you operating off the idea that it would happen in the future ? 
  do you spend money as if you 've already won the lottery ? 
  why does what could happen even matter ? 
  also still i do n't get your point ? 
  who the ethnicity is n't as important as why it 's happening ( e.g. 
  was it an attempt to remove a culture or just bad governance causing a famine etc ), 
  ... everyone has a bloody ethnicity . 
  also what does mass murder have to do with genocide ? 
  you do n't need to kill people to destroy their culture . 
  genocide has to be intentional . 
  who is killed is n't as important as why they were killed . 
  ah well in that case , a written proposal allows it to be shared among others in the office . 
  i 'd assume the person they send it to , is n't the same person who gets the lucky job of looking through all the paperwork and doing the legal work . 
  i 'd like to hope politics is a bit more formal and procedural than rock up at the front door and air your grievances . 
  i do believe you will find [ 42 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australian_antarctic_territory ) of it has a different [ anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pusr0fthyl0 ) . 
  ever wonder what the knives are for ? 
  oi , keep your 3rd world hands off my bloody language !, 
  i 've gotten into just looking at the covers and moving onto the next issue . 
  i 've found i can fit hundreds more in this way . 
  err , what about the concept of the occidental and oriental ? 
  you know this is n't a competition . 
  iirc rubio or someone said he had small hands/dick , trump said he has huge hands . 
  now it 's used to mock him like the drumpf thing . 
  personally i think both are pretty petty and hurtful for society ( promoting ideas of shaming foreigness/penis size ) compared to more serious criticisms that can be directed to him . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to judge people for being ignorant . 
  if they learn of something and still hold those views , sure judge away . 
  you can only really develop based on what you 're exposed to though . 
  if you grew up in a religious household , in a religious community , went to a religious school , etc you 'd be hard pressed to find much differing opinions to challenge yourself . 
  would n't it depend on the reporting method ? 
  i 'd think people would feel more comfortable answering controversially if they were doing it in an anonymous paper slip compared to a phone conversation . 
   ( though i 'd like to mention this is not at all limited to germany but occurring all over europe and the us ) , it 's not even that , you wo n't find any country on the planet without racists .
