you appear to see ghosts , friend . 
  and now fuck off . 
  this is exactly the shit flinging i 'm bored of, 
   whatever floats their boat ... 
  i catch your drift but you ca n't relativize and apologize forever . 
   and we as normal people can only do so much wrong . 
  but i 'm not here to educate you . 
  stop projecting , kiddo, 
   but nobody else is allowed . 
  who said that ? 
  you ? 
   `` i like what she does , what she looks like and what she stands for , and that 's beautiful '' . 
  why exactly though ? 
  tell me . 
  what is so extraordinary about it ? 
  why is it `` beautiful '' ? 
  why do people cheer for someone who tries to be as provocative as possible ? 
   you can - as the host - say what you want how unpolitical your event is supposed to be , people will always express their feelings and opinions . 
  and these russian girls were ( like somebody said in this thread ) the literal embodiment of russia that evening , and im sure people were n't booing at the girls per se , but for what they stand for . 
  in this case , russia . 
  and russia dun goofed , imo . 
  i know . 
  and those are shit people , as i already stated . 
  as simple as that . 
   maybe it was just a great performance , too . 
  dubious  but europe 's people made clear that they do n't agree with what russia does wow , and now ? 
  if you have a problem with russia the go do something . 
  found a party or some shit but do n't insult innocent people . 
  that just shows that you have no dignity . 
  period . 
   just keep your mouth shut i will voice my fucking opinion and objections whenever and wherever i want, 
  weak argument . 
   why when two good things are combined does it mean bad ? 
  nutella and a tasty salad . 
  both are good . 
  put it together and it tastes like shit . 
  rule is not generally appliable . 
  also if you want to cry during a song it 's your fucking thing . 
  i do n't care . 
  i might think it 's pussy-like to cry because of that song but whatever floats your boat , mate . 
  but what you just did is arguing purely on an emotional level . 
  you ca n't have a debate on that base . 
  also you completely ignored all the important points i mentioned . 
  all in all - not a very good post . 
  cheers, 
  edit : see ? 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  people downvoting me not because my post is of low quality but because they do n't agree with me . 
  ca n't say i did n't told you so . 
  well okay . 
  it 's two things mainly . 
  first the simpler reason : that `` conchita '' person is just repulsive and i can not understand people who actually try to tell me that she/he is beautiful or looks good or some shit because he/she clearly does n't . 
  hell it 's the fucking concept of that person to be as provocative and controversial as possible . 
  that 's another reason why i am disgusted by the person . 
  provocating just because you want to provoke is only acceptable for kids and teenagers . 
  adults doing it is simply a desperate and disgraceful ( in german i 'd say `` w\u00fcrdelos '' ) try tio gain attention . 
  and i do n't really have respect for people who do it in such a cheap way . 
  if you now want to try to explain me how `` intolerant '' i am or other bullshit , i 'd like to remind you that the word `` tolerance '' stems from the latin `` tolerare '' which means : * bear , endure , tolerate * . 
  being tolerant does n't mean i somehow have to force myself to like something but simply accepting it 's existence - always keep that in mind . 
  but that 's just a side note . 
  now let 's cut to the second and more important point . 
  the political aspect . 
  the esc should be - much like the olympic games - free from any political judgements . 
  and this problem goes in both directions . 
  first , booing at those poor russian girls which have nothing to do * at all * with the current situation . 
  this shows what `` unworthy '' people the audience was and that in return - you guessed it - disgusts me . 
  then , voting conchita also happened purely/mostly for political reasons . 
  either to prove how `` progressive '' we are here in europe ( which by the way would n't be a neccessary act if the people who did that _ really _ believed in that `` progressiveness '' , but that 's another topic and i simply assume you to be smart enough to understand the implication with this ) or as * another * act against russia because we all know that the russian regime does n't really like homosexual and transgender probably even less . 
  which is not only another useless provocation but also completely pointless . 
  what exactly do the people think is achieved by this ? 
  that putin suddenly pulls out of crimea ? 
  that he maybe the russian people will suddenly turn around 180 \u00b0 with their opinion and accept europe as bringer of light and civilization to their dirty shithole of a country ? 
  of fucking course not . 
  putin will not give a flying fuck and the masses will only take it as another hint at the depravity and decadence of the west . 
  it 's as useful as running with a white pride t-shirt through the bronx to show those guys who the boss . 
  and that 's pretty much it . 
  you can agree or you ca n't , i do n't really care . 
  of course i could , but nobody would even try to stay objective so i wo n't . 
  which tears ? 
  stay mad, 
  disgusting edit : -73 ? 
  nice one guys - but can we get below -100 ? 
  do n't ask me . 
  ask the people who always sperg out about racism in migration debates . 
  i think we can now agree that this referendum was n't racist , ca n't we ? 
   in the long run , no-one can balk at immigration from other parts of the world , especially from africa . 
  i do n't see how you get that impression , but fine . 
   and in my eyes it 's anti-democratic and racist not to grant admission for immigrants . 
  how exactly ? 
  when immigrants do n't have a voice in this it is not anti-democratic to vote against them because they are not part of that democracy . 
  and racist , son you what ? 
  this goes mostly against germans and austrians and the last time i looked it up even hitler considered those to be from the same race . 
  hardly racist . 
  where 's the problem ? 
  that people disagree with you ? 
  if you criticize democracy for accepting the opinions of people that do n't agree with you then i have bad news for you : you might not be a democrat after all . 
  it 's only a double-edged sword when you have double-standards . 
  that 's democracy friends . 
  you should n't complain because this is exactly what you always advertise . 
  uncompromising , direct democracy .
