  brainwashed by who ? 
   we now have planned forest fires ( which is good btw , every forest need a good fire every now and then ) . 
  seriously ? 
  with all the forests burning each year , should n't they run out of forests ? 
  downvote me , but i laughed pretty hard as i read that . 
  not saying , i support it , but it 's still pretty funny . 
  i also liked her response . 
  rage faces . 
  how funny and original . 
  there are really people reading dw unironically ? 
  the thing is , people like to shit on nazis while celebrating the exact same forces ( leftists ) on the other site of the spectrum . 
  i thought you were one of them . 
  my apologies . 
  i thought you would be one of those people . 
  once again , i apologize . 
  antifa still hate you for who you are - a neonazi . 
  or an alleged nazi . 
  you ca n't just take people out of that equation . 
  like the raf . 
  they are part of the antifa , like the nsu are part of the nazis . 
  they are just part of an extremeist group . 
  you ca n't take them out of an equation . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  the world is complex . 
  maybe more complex like one may think . 
  sorry i 'm drunk . 
  but the words of a drunk still borrow the most truth , do n't you say ? 
  he joined them long before . 
  he was an antifa . 
  the antifa is an extremely aggressive extremist leftist group and as prone to violence as those neo-nazis were . 
  they defame people on a base of hearsay and do n't care if they destroy the lives of innocent people . 
  just because they do n't like nazis , it does n't mean they are some kind of saints . 
  that 's a dangerous and undifferentiated worldview . 
  edit : tell me , where 's the problem ? 
  look up frontex . 
  nothing with trying to not hurt peoples feelings . 
   to have more children would be seen as akin to resurrecting hitler . 
  merkel tries that without getting called the new hitler ( at least inside germany ) . 
  we learn about that problem at school and it regularly makes news . 
  still does n't help, 
  bunch of neonazis went around and killed a tons of turks and greeks ( ? ), 
  over the years . 
  they also committed a series of bomb attacks . 
  the problem is that our intelligence services could have prevented it if they worked closer together/knew of it/even supported them ( i do n't know the facts here ) . 
  the turkish media used that to do what they do best : stirring up hatred against germany ; but that was really the only major response from foreign countries aside from the usual `` germany is still nazi '' concerns from medium important politicans . 
  we saw them at several train stations and patrolling around the city, 
  did you know that we even talk about this issue in school ? 
  this does n't add any worth to the discussion itself but i thought you might find it interesting . 
  what 's so extreme about sd ? 
  i do n't know shit about swedish parties, 
  i just had a conversation today about how being a german abroad is not exactly the worst position to be in . 
  well , as long as voting is limited to single ip 's and proxies are banned it would be like every other vote irl . 
  everyone has one voice and if you waste your 's it 's your own fault . 
  well i think every voice should be heard and every opinion considered . 
  it is dangerous to deal only with comfortable opinions as much of the spectrum is lost . 
  but this is completely subjective , so , whatever floats your boat , mate . 
  it 's not wrong when it serves your cause , huh ? 
  ad hominem is one if the lowest methods of arguing in any context . 
  well okay , but that 's what this argument is ultimately about . 
  absolutely relevant . 
  you implied it and when it is popular it has a reason why it 's popular and should therefore be discussed and not censored . 
   i do n't like it so it must be changed freedom of speech works in both directions, 
  hey said islamists not muslims, 
  i see you carrying all these big words around but i think they made you lose the connection to reality . 
  see , i do n't give a fuck about your spouting because i know one thing . 
  that we have a ticking time bomb right under our asses and if we do n't act now , it will blow up with really bad consequences . 
  you can keep denying it , but in the end you only fuel the fire you try to fight . 
  you did n't answer my question and you do n't know shit about what i want to . 
  of course your environment has an influence in your choices and your behavior and i am certainly not claiming that an aids ridden child from africa should just man the fuck up if it wants to be the next ceo of goldman & sachs . 
  and that is not the point here . 
  the point is that these people come from their shit home countries because they seek a better life , get provided with this better life for free . 
  get everything they want , get all the possibilities , especially in a country like sweden and do nothing in return . 
  even worse , they still behave like they fucking rule the country and if it are n't the parents , it are the children and their children 's children . 
  i know you people are fast with the racism claims . 
  because it 's easy , it avoids difficult discussions , but let me tell you . 
  i am not . 
  more precisely , i am a descendant of immigrants . 
  my grandfathers family came here from italy with the first great wave of gastarbeiter in the 60 's . 
  and yes , they were poor , they lived in a `` ghetto '' and society looked down on them . 
  my grandfather worked half his life in the coal mines . 
  do you know what that means ? 
  coal mines ? 
  it means one hell of a workplace , one of the worst you can work on in western countries , but he still had respect for this country and it 's people . 
  he still stuck to it 's culture and his roots but he always told my mother to respect the magnificent country she is allowed to live in and to give it something back , what she did . 
  nowadays she considers herself german , not italian and she did always worked hard in her life . 
  now what i want to say is , that it is not racist to call for consequences - at least not more racist than telling some people could n't help it , just because they are immigrants - of unacceptable behavior . 
  these people had their chance , for far more than only a few years and they blew it . 
  we hardly can deport them now , especially of your country is acting after ius soli but we can close our borders . 
  we can only let people in , which our countries receive benefits from rather than suffering . 
   who are not the ones responsible for this violence who else is ? 
  society ? 
  i thought humans are defined by being able to contemplate and taking their own actions accordingly . 
  by passing on the problem to `` society '' you are denying those people exactly these abilities , you rob them of their humanity . 
  you basically range them on a level with animals . 
  and if you ask me , that is far worse than any open racism . 
  who fucking cares ? 
  really ? 
  i thought it would paint them as - excuse my diction - pussies . 
  i 'm just waiting for some swedes to relativise it . 
  yes .
