  the government can not drive every aspect of the country either . 
  the last time a big country tried to do it , it became ussr , the biggest faillure of the 20th century . 
  but its also too small to actually matter on global scale . 
  australia used to do 20 % of its trade wih the uk , prior uk 's accession to the eu . 
  after that , lots of australian farmers went out business and slowly but surely they re-directed their production for asian countries , which made more sense anyways . 
  do you think that australia is going to completely change their habits and production for a 66 millions people country that can not be further away when they have over 3 billions people at their door step ? 
  it 's just not going to happens , period . 
  i 'm trying to explain you that scales change depending on the point of view . 
  it 's a very simple concept but you do n't seam to be able to understand it . 
  let me try again , you might not be very clever but you could probably pass as a wise man in front of a junkie about to od on heroin . 
  yeah , how about you ? 
  scared a bit about the whole thing ? 
  i mean you are mid-air right now , your country jumped off the cliff and have no idea where it leads , water or concrete ? 
  the world is huge and yet the earth is a speck of dust in the universe . 
  it 's kind of sad to have to explain scales and perspective to somebody over politics . 
  i feel like i 'm bullying a 5yo . 
  i never said it increased productivity , i said the briton were catching up their lack of productivity by working more . 
  it 's not very difficult to understand , let me give you an exemple . 
  let 's say 10 frenchs working 8 hours make a car . 
  now in the uk , 10 lads make the same car , they are paid the same so all in all , one could think that france and the uk are equals and indeed they both create the same wealth that day . 
  the only difference is that the britons worked 10 hours . 
  for the same wage which means that they are indeed almost 20 % cheaper than their french counterparts . 
  cheap labor does n't impact productivity ? 
  lol . 
  my point was the only reason the uk manage to compete with france or germany , as far as wealth creation is concern , gdp and the like , is by working more than continental counterparts . 
  working more equals cheaper labor . 
  france and germany are at 65 $ per hour worked when [ the uk is at 52 . 
  ] ( http://time.com/4621185/worker-productivity-countries/ ) you are at spain and italy level . 
  yeah comparing a huge country with 60 millions people to tiny city-state is very relevant . 
  explain that to the banksters of the city and to the chavs of liverpool , i 'm sure they 'll be happy to stop what they currently do to do something completely different . 
  you think it 's a good news to see a rise in export when your pound devaluated 15 % ? 
  i guess it 's good if you want to become china or india v2 . 
  if you want to have a strong economy with high end industry that sells goods with a lot of added values , you want a srong currency , not a cheap one . 
  besides , it 's easy to see a rise when you 're starting from the bottom . 
  let 's see some numbers , as you can see here , [ the uk ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/ ) export for 425 billions usd when [ germany ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/deu/ ) is three times over that at 1,24 trillions usd . 
  two interesting facts about uk 's export : a huge part of it is from stuff that have basically no added value on them or not much anyways . 
  minerals , metals , chemicals . 
  secondly , the uk has the second worst trade deficit in the world , that 's 181 billions usd annually . 
  for the record that 's about the greek debt when their crisis started . 
  annualy . 
  currently the uk is importing 3 pounds for every 2 pound it sells abroad . 
  so what will happens if there is a hard brexit , tarrifs all around and the pound keep tanking with that kind of deficit ? 
  what happens is that the pound lose its reserve statut and has the less value to the world than toilet papper ( at least its comfy ) . 
  that 's when your country ca n't import what it did and industries and shops close down because they ca n't produce anything anymore and that 's when mayhem begins . 
  you want my honest opinion ? 
  this whole brexit is the best soap your country ever produced . 
  it 's hilarous and it 's just getting better and better . 
  because i do n't understand why anyone would upvote or downvote anyone when people are talking about politics . 
  it 's not to change a thing about anything , you do n't get a better deal because your fellows citizens upvote you . 
  it 's just ridiculous . 
  what a bunch of cry babies . 
  every.single.thread about the uk on / r/europe is spamed by britons complaining about downvotes . 
  and oddly enough , every single of these kind of comments gets a nifty sum of karma . 
  maybe i should try to get some too , switch my flair to the union jack and start moaning about those europeans bastards always downvoting our great nation and shit . 
  grow a pair and bring arguments to the table , stop with this karma non-sense . 
  karma is n't getting you anywhere , anytime . 
  considering that the uk has been trashing its industry and agriculture for the last 50 years , i do n't see it happening . 
  you do n't have the tools , the men , the knowledge anymore , it 's as simple as that . 
  as i said , there is a way tho , for the uk to become an inustrious country and compete with the world : trash your pound and your wages to oblivion , become europe 's new poland or even better : * make the uk indian again * . 
  but the britons do n't care because they wo n't buy prosecco now . 
  take that italy !, 
   if we pivot to a manufacturing economy this is going to be a serious disadvantage . 
  i love how britons think they can just `` pivot '' their economy . 
  usually it 's brexiter claiming the uk can just `` pivot '' its economy from the eu to the commonwealth . 
  you ca n't just `` pivot '' your economy , the demand from australia is n't going to change suddenly because a tiny country on the other side of the planet decided to change its habits . 
  and you ca n't just `` pivot '' your economy from a service based to an industrious economy . 
  your banksters are n't going to wake up one day and become genious engineers over night . 
  the british pound lost 15 % since the brexit referundum . 
  british goods are 15 % cheaper for the rest of world . 
  it 's not a surprise to see a growth in export . 
  now the real question is this : is the uk richer or poorer right now ? 
  idk , what i know tho , is that the only way britons manage to catch up with france or germany 's productivity is by working more hours and for cheaper . 
  keep going like that and you 'll compete with poland . 
  yeah the marshall plan helped but still , de gaulle and the communists created our own kind of welfare state which allowed france to haul ass back to its feet . 
  france got its first nuclear power plant in 1950 , nuke in 1960 , nuclear sub in 1970 for exemple . 
  15 years to become independent in energy and security . 
  can you name one thing the uk accomplished the last 50 years besides a bankster hub ? 
  you are right , which explains why they should n't follow the rest of the eu on everything . 
  there is no need for the west to lagg because of the east and no need for the east to follow too fast when they are not ready for more integration . 
  in other words , a geared union is good for everyone , but it seams the east is somewhat jealous of something they should n't want to beguin with . 
  mybe we should remind everyone that the purpose of the eu is to help the east to catch up with the west , not the other way around . 
  what about them ? 
  the `` big 4 '' represent over 50 % of the eu 's population and the eu is a democracy lead by the numbers . 
  the benelux is pretty much aligned with the big 4 on all matters as well . 
  so all in all , not only do they represent most of the europeans but also most of the money allowing the whole thing to exist . 
  it 's kind of amazing to see small countries of 5-10 millions people , which is about 1-2 % of the group , sucking eu 's money like crazy and who joined less than 15 years ago , wondering why they are not leading the whole thing . 
  what i am saying is that because there are europeans regulation , it does n't prevent each country to have their own as well . 
  on a lot of matters , french 's regulations are a lot stricter than eu 's . 
  as it been stated by many here already , the only way to have the same laws everywhere is federalization and the center and eastern countries are defenetely agains ' t it . 
  you ca n't have the cake and eat it , if each `` tiny '' ( in population ) state in central europe want to be independent and have its own laws on all matters , then do n't complain that brussels is n't interfering with your daily affairs . 
  actually if brussels was forcing laws on all matters , you would be complaining as well . 
  long story short : stop blaming others for problems that are obviously only related to your country . 
  what 's happening in czech republic is n't what is happening in hungary or in poland . 
  that 's kind of the main issue right there . 
  eastern europeans want to cherry pick what they want from the eu . 
  lots of regulation if it can increase their food quality and none at all if that bother them one way or another . 
  if your government allows food maker to sell you crap , blame yourself to let it happens and your parliament members and not people a thousands km aways who are n't concerned one way or another by that . 
  the eu is n't a kindergarten and junker is n't your personal babysitter . 
  this whole geared eu does include italy and spain , it is pushed by the `` big 4 '' . 
  the problem with american companies is that they screw europeans social policies and do everything they can to avoid paying taxes .
