  in short they behave here as they behave in the usa which we should n't accept nor allow . 
  the [ usa represent 13 % of uk 's export ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/ ) while the eu is a bit over 45 % . 
  there wo n't be any market to lose anyways if the country crash , its trade balance is already 181 billions usd in deficit annually , before anything related to the brexit . 
  over hungary and poland ? 
  they were n't even member 15 years ago . 
  they 'll be outcasted until they pull themself out . 
  the big 4 are already working on that with the geared eu . 
  i said that russia would n't invade turkey because it has too many people . 
  they would just destroy their infrastructures and force a peace treaty in their favor . 
   almost every single country on earth would go for turkey 's aid you have literally zero understanding of realpolitik if you honestly believe on what you said . 
  as a french i can garantee you that france would n't go to war with russia for turkey . 
  that 's a 100 % certainty . 
  russia always been france 's ally , prior the soviet union and it 's still seen in a better way than turkey . 
   there is a reason why countries like suadi arabia get away with their shit and keep being allied to west . 
  yes , oil . 
  the same reason europe still has somewhat decent relation with russia even after crimea 's invasion . 
   lol all of them except east would join in day one . 
  you are completely out of your mind and really do not understand how your country is viewed in europe or in the arab league : not in a good way at all . 
   for arab league turkey is a massive asset since russia is with iran and shias they would absolutely not allow turkey to fall . 
  turkey , arabia saoudi , iran and egypt all are fighting for the muslim world leadership . 
  one less on the map would be a good thing for all the others . 
  you have no friend in the arab world either . 
  because i think the uk has the worst way of life of western europe ? 
  at least you can downvote me , i guess . 
  username checks out . 
  yeah i 'm only talking about my experience there . 
  about a dozen times , pretty much everywhere in the country , london , southampton , carlisle , newcastle and their suburbs etc. 
  everywhere the weather sucks , the food is disgusting , the people are pretty ugly in average and the dudes have serious problem of alcoholism . 
  fighting in the street on match days is a national sport . 
  most cities are pretty fugly too , all houses looking the same is creepy when they are not concrete jungle . 
  so yeah , a shithole seams about fair really . 
  london is alright tho and so is scotland . 
  all i 'm saying is that turkey is no match agai n't russia and no , i do not believe one bit that anyone in the west would enter into war agains ' t russia to protect turkey . 
  nobody would bulge a muscle to protect turkey , nobody in the west , nobody in the east , nobody in the arab league . 
  migrants did n't start to enter europe 2 years ago . 
  [ according to this ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/interactives/migration-tables/ ) , there are more migrant in the uk than in france but less than in germany . 
  and yeah , your comments and stance is racist af , scared by those brownies much it seams . 
  probably disliking poles too right ? 
  most of the uk is indeed a shithole but the britons are n't a race or anything like it . 
  just white europeans like there are so many . 
  the uk always been a shithole outside london so idk what you 're talking about . 
  if you think that migrant are what makes a country a shithole , then think again , you have more migrant in the uk than france or germany . 
  anyways , your racist comment just prove my point , this is racist propaganda from a populist briton trying to justify the brexit . 
  this story was probably invented by some dude on facebook and is now going worldwide in the alt-right sphere . 
  the whole thread should be removed by the mods and ban the source from / r/europe while you 're at it . 
  two more bs websites full of racist propaganda . 
  it 's in the uk papers because the anglo-sphere is full of horseshit , fake news and propaganda . 
  trump election and the brexit are the result of this btw . 
  how do you dare to bring those two websites is mind boggling . 
  you really need to stop believing everything you read on the internet . 
  smarten up britons , you 're becoming the laughing-stock of the western world . 
  i just do n't believe that they are signs in austria that are in several languages and not in german . 
  the whole article looks like the usual racist bs we see in british tabloid all the time , that try to justify their brexit . 
  i actually tried google search picture engine to see if it would lead to a serious newspapers and all i 've seen are conspirationist / openly racist french website . 
  the whole thing scream racist propaganda fake news . 
  prove me otherwise . 
  there are sign in austria that are in english , french and arabic but not in german ? 
  seams like fake news from a shitty english tabloid to me . 
  bad idea , that would allow erdogan to push millions of refugee in europe . 
  statu-quo is a good thing for the eu , let erdogan keep dreaming , they wo n't ever met the criterias anyways . 
  russia has over a thousand nukes ready to turn anatolia into dust . 
  they already have all the weapon they need . 
  and they have the minerals , the oil and the technology to build more . 
  russia would crush turkey if it wanted to , but why would it do somethng like that ? 
  unless he 's willing to slaughter millions of turks , there is no point into that . 
  as a french i would say it always been acceptable but i think you are pretending to be shocked by the puppet thing . 
  it 's kind of lame to pretend to be shocked about something as insignificant as this thing which is obviously made as a joke . 
  grow a pair of balls and stop being a drama queen . 
  i do n't understand why they beg like this knowing it 's never going to happens . 
  surely there is a reason i can not see . 
  also , it 's almost a threat as it is , are they stupid enough to think this will get them anywhere ? 
  so the swedes are so americanised that they even use americans childish jokes in their daily life ? 
  sad ! ^ tm, 
  sure , let 's not care about the world second market and their first customers for over 50 % of their export . 
  that 's the best scenario for the eu . 
  give them a transitional deal until they are properly out of the eu . 
  then cherry pick what we want when they are a third party state desesperate for an deal . 
  they would be pretty stupid to accept that but they might wo n't have a choice . 
  yep it looks like opioid are the # 1 killer . 
  i wonder why the difference between france and sweeden tho . 
  maybe our war agains ' t heroin in the 80s was successful after all . 
  i thought tsipouro makes you mad ? 
  it 's cheap and dangerous af . 
  which drugs kill ? 
  not in france . 
  i 've never seen spice and i do n't know anyone who would smoke that shit . 
  you ' v got to be very young or very stupid to do that . 
  crack cocaine is even cheaper afaik . 
  in paris , france , it cost about 5 euros a rock . 
  it makes people zombie . 
  i 'm curious about which drug kill in sweden or ireland tho . 
  portugal stopped banning all drugs 15 years ago , no drugs gets you to jail there , afaik . 
  it 's amazing to see them that low . 
  if a portuguese read this please share your country 's stance on the matter . 
  i did n't know merkel campaigned agains ' t gay marriage . 
  it 's noteworthy because it just show that theresa may would do anything to have the power . 
  work agains ' t her beliefs or pay a 1 billion pound to northern ireland , you name it , she 's willing to do it . 
  it 's also noteworthy because it show how unprepared and how a huge joke was the referundum as the brexiter whom won the election had to elect a remainer to actually pull the uk out of the eu . 
  this article is pure rubbish . 
  it 's author does n't even understand the difference between the single-market and a free-trade agreement .
