  that being said , if a french president were to become insane and do crazy shit , sending him to the hague and pretend the dude is n't ours would be a pretty good way to pull ourself out of responsabilities , as far as history is concerned . 
  been there , done that already . 
  britons are way to proud to admit a mistake , it 's not going to happens . 
  besides , a huge part of the plebs there do not care about the economic outcome of the brexit as they feel it cant get worse that where they are now , so they may has well try to change things one way or another , and throw out those pesky migrants while at it . 
  the brexit is happening and unless the uk bend , it 's going to be a hard brexit , with tarrifs , borders and shit . 
  the eu is way to complex to accomodate to the uk specific needs , they should have understand that by now . 
  flexibility will come from the britons or wo n't happens . 
  perfect . 
  french president have immunity over anything they do during their mandate . 
  he could have nuke a couple countries for the giggles and would n't worry about anything . 
  us federal prosecutor may be able to force third world countries to do shit but this wo n't work we france . 
  france does n't extradite its citizens anyways . 
  but they wo n't buy prosseco anymore and pivot their economy so it 's okay they 'll be fine because they are strong and stable and anyways , brexit means brexit so whatever they 'll jump that cliff like lemmings . 
   again , as if rethoric shapes reality . 
  that pretty much sum up britons stance here on reddit , trying to win arguments as if it would change any outcome . 
  pretty much sum up briton 's politicians as well . 
  lots of empty words * brexit means brexit * , * strong and stable * , * we 'll stop buying prosecco * but in the end , it 's brussels that is deciding the pace and the scredules of the negociation and it 's not london that will refuse a bad deal but brussels that will decide if they are even offered one . 
  well done britons , you really made fools of yourself . 
  you have no idea where you are going but you are going there full steam . 
  that 's the whole purpose of the brexit . 
  canada is a medium sized fish tho . 
  china and the usa will be another story tho . 
  the usa already made a move to force the uk to pro prize it 's healthcare . 
  china will probably demand full access to dump it 's subsidized af steel . 
  i would n't say liability , france has arguably the strongest army in the eu . 
  that said , if russia invaded poland tommorow i sure do hope that our army wo n't move an inch . 
  first because it could turn nuclear pretty fast and secondly because most french feels closer to russia than ever with poland . 
  we are allowed because of nato and the eu . 
  france already left nato commedment once , is n't always aligned with washington as the oral war showed and the uk is proving right now that one can leave the eu . 
  ca n't wait to see how poland reacts to eus sanctions . 
  actually you did and a lot worse , a lot of concentration camps were in poland and held by poles . 
   canada has said it will sign the exact same trade deal with the uk it signed with the eu . 
  japan has hinted that it will do the same . 
  many of the smaller country 's that make up the bulk of eu trade deals have said they would do the same to ensure trade with the uk is n't interupted . 
  yeah sure , and do n't forget the teeth under the pillow . 
  you might get a gift in the morning . 
   none have said they want more concessions because the uk is n't part of the eu any more . 
  the uk does n't have the same priority has the eu , it wo n't have the same deal . 
  actually the uk seams to want fta without restriction with most of the world , this will never happen in the eu . 
  the eu protect its farmers , some of its industry ( chineese steel is banned ) , some of its medicine ( most of it will move out of the uk and back to the continent ) and subsidize whatever it want , if it 's in its own interest . 
  the uk doesnt care much about its agriculture and industry . 
  what the uk will probably try is to trade fta of goods for services . 
  the eu does n't need to do that . 
   the uk will also find it much easyer to deepen those agreements now it does n't have to look out for the industrys of 27 other country 's when it has the time to renegoatiate them . 
  sure , you do that . 
  g'luck and * bon voyage * . 
   but it has n't done well it went from a continent in ruin into the second biggest market of the world , often being way more efficient than the usa , which has had over 150 years of growth without a war on its ground . 
  who cares about making trade deals one after another if they are badly done . 
  besides , it 's wrong , the eu secured a shitload of trade deals all over the world , not all of them are fta tho . 
  fta is n't necessary a good thing . 
  not without exceptions . 
  anyways , you brits will have all the time in the world to secure all the deal you want . 
  but you wo n't have anywhere near the weight the eu has because of its size . 
  actually , you 're going to witness first hand the true benefit of the eu : it cherry picky how it trade with the rest of the world . 
  and not the other way around . 
   look at history expert . 
  what kind of bs argument is that ? 
  under the wing , as in , if prussian or russian would attack then france would ripost . 
  actually france , poland and russia worked together for a while to contain the german . 
  an effective french help ? 
  idk , napoleon invasion probably helped your farmers out of their king or whatever was ruling this peones land back then . 
  today it would n't have happened , half of poland would have joined the third reich in a heartbeat . 
  we 've got a keyboard napoleon here . 
  i did n't say they did n't fight , i said that since time immemorial poland has been under the wing of somebody , for the longuest time it was france , now it 's nato . 
  and if it was n't for such alliance , germans and russian would have annexed their land centuries ago . 
  actually they want change , as long as it send those pesky migrant ( who have been coocking their meal , emptying their trash , wiping their asses and healing their diseases ) out of * their * country . 
  what they do n't care about are the consequences of the brexit , as they wo n't be their to pay the bill . 
  basically it 's two fingers for everyone before the grave . 
  well said , sad to see it seams common to everyone in europe . 
  yeah well , france has been protecting poland for century for what ? 
  to contain germany ? 
  well that did n't work much , did it ? 
  i 'm always amazed to see poles bring that up , it 's amazing that your country got that far tbh , you never could defend yourself agains ' t anyone . 
  your point ? 
  france lost several millions people during wwi and parts of the country is still destroyed to this day . 
  unfit for anything . 
  actually france called it `` the last of the last ( war ) . 
  nobody was in any rush to attack germany when the defense was good ( supposely , nobody expected hitler would invade everybody ) . 
  again , everybody is a genius 70 years after the war . 
  btw , it would happen again tommorow . 
  if tomorrow russia invaded the balkans or poland , nobody would move here . 
  look at what is happening in ukraine . 
  everybody is a military genius 70 years after the war . 
  i bet you do . 
  like everybody on this planet really . 
   48 % of us voted for the eu yeah that sucks considering what we know now , britons were n't properly informed . 
   why you 're conflating the actions of the british government and murdoch owned tabloids with the actions of the british people i do n't know . 
  i 'm not , they are two different matters . 
  bojo going to ankara to support turkey 's admission to the eu while his own country is pulling out is just an insult . 
  so was the prosecco comments and all the other things he did since he was appointed your foreign minister . 
  theresa may 's threat to make the uk a corporate taxes haven and stop internationnal security unles she gets what she wants was just a very bad move as well . 
  it pissed off everyone on the continent , before the negociation even started , and might explain in part why she llost her snap election . 
  that woman is n't fit for the job . 
  i was n't talking about gsm but internal phones the people use all the time in brussel institutions . 
  they found wired tape everywhere . 
  not helping what , both the uk and france declared war on germany the day after it invaded poland ? 
   everything does n't have to change so drastically . 
  actually it has to . 
  the uk will be a third party state and considered as such . 
  at some point you britons will have to accept that fact .
