  if the eu did so well in the past was because it always made its trade deal as a block , the union is our strength . 
  the uk will have to negociate as any other country on this planet , there is no reason to do otherwise . 
  also , usually ftas force countries to align their economies and the brexit is the exact opposite of that , it creates division and splits where they were none . 
  it 's not going to be a walk in the park . 
  the main problem of the negociation will be the `` exit bill '' but you do n't let in your restaurant a customer who already ran away once without paying . 
  what kind of trust and relation will the eu have with the uk if the uk just decide to not commit to what it signed while being a member of the eu ? 
  the uk should have waited the end of the current 10 years eu 's commitments , which ends in 2020 to pull a proper and clean brexit . 
  instead of what it decided to get out asap , insulting and threatening the continent for months . 
  the `` hard brexit '' wo n't be `` forced '' upon you , the outcome of the whole thing will be 100 % your own doing . 
  cameron threat of a referundum in brussels and actually doing it , theresa may 's threats and behaviors , tabloids and their bs , davis who does n't seams to be nowhere as ready as barnier ... 
  it 's on you , period . 
  i think that belgium is too small and does n't have the proper counter-intelligence to handle it . 
  all the phones in the parliament were tapped . 
  nobody to this day know exactly who did it but it is said that it was done by the israelis for the americans . 
  i tend to believe that would n't have happened in france and/or germany . 
  half the institution could have been in strasbourg and the other half in stuttgart for exemple . 
   britain had the most soft power of any nation until 2016 for a very long time because of one direction and the premier league ? 
  gtfo this thing is a joke . 
  nobody come even close to murican soft power , period . 
  and that has been true since the end of wwii . 
   we have a close relationship but other than that what are you talking about ? 
  please explain ?? 
  if the usa did n't exist , the world would n't speack english , at least not has it does . 
  if the usa did n't exist , maybe we would all speack german or russian in europe . 
  if the usa did n't exist , the uk may have never voted to get out of the eu . 
  i mean the first thing theresa may did was to run grab trump 's leg and claim out loud that `` special relationship '' . 
  the only reason a lot of britons believed in the brexit was because they thought and some still thinks that they can revive the commonwealth . 
  it might be your true downfall tbh because my guess is that murica 's first demands on your future fta with them will be to privatise your healthcare . 
  350 millions a week for nhs they said , it might not exist anymore in 15 years . 
  i guess you got a point there , did n't think about it . 
  does n't make it any less morally questionable . 
  why should this generation of german pay for what their great-grandparents did ? 
  why should this generation of poles gets a massive check for the death of their great-grandparents ? 
  i could keep going on like that for quite a while . 
  germany needs to keep using its trade balance surplus into developing the eu , a strong eu is the best way to be sure war never hit this continent ever again . 
  which means spend money all over europe , not just in poland . 
  but right now , it seams poland see the eu and germany as its free atm . 
  tell them to fuck off . 
  i 'm not complaining about the brexit , i think it 's a good thing . 
  i admit i kind of enjoy mocking britons for it here , tho . 
  britons here are scared af about the outcome of the whole thing and post on / r/europe any slice of paper saying a good thing about the uk right now . 
  imagine germans did that as well , this would become de facto / r/germany . v. 2.0 also , british brigading is pretty strong on this sub . 
  there are a few remainers but most britons are brexiters more or less convinced by this choice but end up upvoting / downvoting massively as needed . 
  i never , ever downvote or upvote anyone when chatting about politics , the purpose is to win an argument not bury a comment using reddit 's mechanics . 
   we have the chance to give strasbourg the ema , in exchange the courts could move to brussels , and stop this ridiculous musical chairs every few months i think everyone agree with that . 
  tbh considering how belgium handled the eu institutions buildings , all of them were wired tapped , there are spies everywhere , maybe we should n't have let a `` small '' country handle this . 
   and have an inflated sense of your country 's importance . 
  yup , it 's pretty obvious here on reddit . 
  half of them still wet dream of their lost empire , claiming that they ruled the world and were the biggest empire ever * wank wank * and the other half consider all modern american accomplishment as their own , because you know , the usa is their child and all . 
  also , everyone learnt english thanks to the murican 's soft power so they really think that they are still the center of the world , or at least of europe . 
  if the usa did n't existed , they would be very , very different . 
  how do they value the cost of human life ? 
  does a pole 's life has a fixed price or something ? 
  and who is getting that money ? 
  and why ask now ? 
  so many questons . 
  more like the uk got plenty of what it wanted , the single market , the enlargement to the east and managed to stall everything it did n't like , like european security or financial regulation . 
  but it did n't get its last , of a long list , of special snowflake demand . 
  cameron never wanted the brexit but threatened brussels with it , like he was pulling a gun over their heads . 
  but this time the threat did n't work , and he had to deliver . 
  the brexit is your last temper tantrum , enjoy it while it last , after that we wo n't give 2 shits about your wishes . 
  good riddance . 
  i meant outside of the `` metropole '' , like far away . 
  i think tom are a bit different than the rest of france . 
  poland has been given 10 billions euros a years since they joined the eu . 
  these people really want to be kicked out or something . 
  the brexit is actually a good thing for the eu , it was a slap in the face of those bureaucrats in brussels who are now actively working to make things change . 
  the uk was stalling too many matters , it free us from that too . 
  army , integration , everything is moving forward again . 
  probably not , france spend a lot of money there as in all its foreign ground . 
  i guess it will depend on how well their tourism is doing . 
  considering that germany has been paying for everything in the eu since the beginning and is going to keep doing so to make a good use of their surplus , considering that germany actually needs those migrants for their economy to work properly , they can pretty much do whatever they want . 
  are you romanian ? 
  with a federalize europe flair ? 
  so you want germany 's money and power and dictate its policy ? 
  we really need a geared eu , to remind you eastern folks your place in this union . 
  eu is , always was and always will be an union between france and germany , anything else is bonus . 
  and this is not charity work , nobody owe anything to anyone , we dont `` have to '' do anything and let 90 millions turks or 144 millions russian join and led the club is just never going to happens . 
  there is a huge problem with russia in the eu , it would dictate anything it want because it would have a majority of mps in brussels . 
  so no , russia will never become an eu member . 
  same reason turkey never will either . 
  you do n't get to join a club and become its president . 
   it 's not a measure of how hard you work i never claimed that , wtf are you talking about ? 
  ofc productivity has a shitload of factors involved . 
  putting words in my mouth and then claim i 'm ignorant , now i 've seen it all . 
   sadly these things are expensive investments that other countries are too often willing to make , but is a scary concept to the british for some reason . 
  it 's not scary , it 's just a stupid ultra-liberal and protestant ideology . 
  british 's railroad privatisation just completely destroyed it . 
  it 's just a joke if you compare it to the rest of western europe . 
  and you 're a bit pointless . 
   and not some external frame of reference . 
  actually that 's exactly what i am doing . 
  the uk is tiny if you compare it on a global scale , it 's less than 1 % of the world landmass and less than 1 % of the world population . 
  it 's tiny , no country on the other side of the planet will change their economy because of what is happening there . 
  but the uk is huge if you compare it to city-states as you did . 
  lots of those city states are completely state driven , some are oil kingdoms , others are tax havens , some are gambling paradises etc. 
  some of them , like singapore , have all their housing owned by the government . 
  others like monaco , are just populated by very rich people . 
  the uk is way to big to become `` just '' a tax haven or `` just '' a financial hub . 
  it needs agriculture , industry etc.
