and yet turkey is applying to the european union and if we look at its history , anatolia being the home of many greeks who invented our western civilization , they belong as much if not more to our little `` european '' club than eastern country such poland , ukraine and the like . 
  op is pole and decided to remove turkey from his view of europe . 
  if i had to make a map and chose which country actually mattered , in history and to this day to the european continent , i would put turkey and not poland . 
  poland never mattered , not in the west anyhow . 
  how about that ? 
  i guess you are right ... 
  i find it odd to cut a country in piece tho . 
  i think most of the people living in far east russia where moved from `` european russia '' . 
  like i said , i find those post annoying as they have no other purpose that to piss off some people for no reason . 
  this post right there is targetted agains ' t turkey for exemple . 
  there are plenty of atheist israelis . 
  ftfy . 
  there is no such thing as a jew ethnicity no matter how hard they believe it . 
  there are black ethiopians jews and fair hair europeans jews , just as in any religion really . 
  if you are refering to the first jews who lived in ancient israel , well there are just mediterranean people , just like everybody living in that area . 
  i 've been to israel , i 've seen the people there . 
  unless people start to speack , nobody could tell appart a jew , a palestinian or me , french with mediteranean origins . 
  and yet , in his exemple , he did n't chose `` a muslim '' or `` a religious muslim '' he chose `` a fanatical muslim about to murder everybody '' . 
  one could ask , would you be comfortable to see your daughter becoming the third wife of a christian mormon ? 
  i would n't . 
  * yawn * those `` how whoever see europe posts '' are boring . 
  europe is a continent , its borders are n't up for debate . 
  you 're missing russia and turkey here . 
   if you marry a muslim men , you have to become muslim yourself too , which means leaving the religion in the future is a death penalty . 
  `` funny '' how you had to bring islam but not judaism . 
  i do n't think it 's mandatory for anyone to convert to islam to marry a muslim , there are a lot of mixted couple everywhere in europe and defenetely in france . 
  jews on the other hand , do not like mixted couple very much and any man marrying a jew woman has to convert . 
  he wo n't ever really be treated as a `` real '' jew anyways . 
  if a man jew marry a woman not jew , i do n't think their children will be considered jew either . 
  source : i got jewish familly in law and my bro had to convert while he does n't even believe in god . 
  and btw , not all muslims are crazy fanatics , we do n't get to see a murder everytime a couple breaks up . 
  that said , muslims men are , in average , a lot more sexist than the rest of the europeans population . 
  that would be my concern , if any . 
  again you 've got muslims that are crazy wackos from the projects while some others are genius with phd degrees . 
  since when did we accept again to judge people based solely on their religion . 
  just stfu , you obviously know as much about french politics as i do about ukrainian one . 
  about nada . 
  canada is next to the biggest market in the planet and has a fta with it . 
  the canada is less populated and has ton of natural ressources they are exporting , the uk has none of those assets . 
  the uk will probably try to sign ftas with as much country as it can which will create even more pressure on britishs made goods . 
  long story short , the reason why the britons voted for the brexit , inequalities through the roof with very rich banksters and poors everything else , will get worse . 
  the uk will probably try to become somewhat of eu 's taxes haven and the richest will be richer while the poorest even poorer . 
  right now , the britons are making up for their lame productivity by working more hours than their germans or frenchs counterparts . 
  you can expect this to worsen . 
  it would n't surprise anyone to see the usa manage to force the uk to privitize its health care , theresa may already said she was n't agains ' t it . 
  your wages will drop , your workers protection will drop , your national healthcare might disappear . 
  for the average british jack , it 's going to be a straight loss , period . 
   it 's not going to be more of a good thing for either side . 
  it will be balanced . 
  the eu will manage to keep selling its goods in the uk while the uk will lose its banking passport . 
  it 's going to be a loss for everybody but the uk will take , by far , the worse of it . 
   paris is not liked by finance . 
  probably not as much as frankfurt but the hsbc , london 's biggest bank is moving there . 
  it 's over a thousand jobs and several hundreds of millions euros of taxes for france , on one bank alone . 
  every single major bank in the city will move on the continent . 
   the ema will be replaced with our own agency filled with ema staff because they do n't want to move . 
  whatever happens in the uk after the brexit , is n't our concern anymore . 
  the ema will move on the continent and it will be filled by eu 's staff . 
   drugs will still be exported . 
  defenetely not as it used to . 
  they already said that they will not allow a third party state to provide most of eu 's drugs as the eu needs to control how they are done . 
  it 's a matter of health security . 
   esa and cern are small beer , but we 'll still take part today i learnt that the biggest sattelite launcher in the world is small beer . 
  anyways , the uk never took too much part of either of those so it wo n't be a problem . 
  italy is much more important than the uk and it 's already a league under france and germany . 
   as for airbus ? 
  well it 's always been designed to benefit the french most , but we 'll still be part of it . 
  to do otherwise out of spite would simply benefit boeing . 
  nah , airbus already said it will change its supply coming from the uk after the brexit and is already looking for new companies to work with within the single-market . 
  some parts of their planes needs to cross borders a few times to be completed , you ca n't do that with a country with a hard border , tarrifs , customs , etc. 
  airbus is the tip of the iceberg , tons of companies accross the eu are doing the same . 
  reddit is free and so are google services with the proper ad-blockers . 
  i do n't use or give a cent to the others . 
  if everybody would boycott all these companies cheating taxes , they would stop cheating taxes , it 's as simple as that . 
   the more people like you say the uk has nothing to offer the world , the more we 'll prove you wrong . 
  there is one thing you have plenty to trade for , are bold comments without any substance . 
  * brexit means brexit * , * strong and stable * , we wo n't buy * prosseco anymore * , etc. 
  unfortunately those wo n't bring food on your table . 
  as long as the uk lose its banking passport , which it will , any fta is actually a good thing for the eu . 
  everyone want to keep access to the british market while getting back some of the city 's banks , the medicinal agency and the packaged medicament production ( which they announced as well , it 's uk 's third export and the eu wo n't let such a thing to a third party state ) and uk 's part in eu 's joint ventures : airbus , esa , cern , etc. 
  which is why they put that scheme with the luxembourg , which barely do not taxes profits . 
  when you buy from amazon in europe , you are actually buying to amazon luxembourg , which then at almost full price cost at amazon-your-country . 
  that way all the profit stay in the luxembourg . 
  just do like i do , boycott all americans companies whenever you can , they are destroying our economy , do n't give them a cent . 
   we will not accept when you 'll be a third party state , that the world is trying to split as a huge cake , you 'll stop with the egomaniac comments . 
  the eu , the usa , china , india , russia are all going to make you * take it or leave it * deals . 
  they will chose what , how and when and not the other way around . 
  the only thing the uk has to offer are services and financial support and this is n't part of any fta ever , anywhere . 
   a big trade deficit is a sign of strong currency and is not necessarily bad a big trade deficit is a sign of trust ... until the trust is gone . 
  the uk is worse than the us as far as deficit goes , but is no where as important as far as world business goes . 
  there is a risk that the uk lose its money 's reserve statut . 
  if that happens , if the pound worth less than toilet papper , then the uk is doomed and the eu will live another crisis . 
  the eu still rely on london for much of its loans , the sooner it 's out of there , the better we will all be . 
  yeah dude , let 's quote somebody to avoid the arguments : `` that 's pretty ez , that 's pretty petty '' . 
   if this is actually true , has politics ever been at a more petty level in modern history ? 
  it 's not true and any trump tweet is pettier than anything we ever saw in europe . 
  telegraph.co.uk , `` anonymous official '' , yeah right . 
  as if the eu needed to pull this kind of bs . 
   both sides will cherry pick that 's what a trade deal is . 
   nah , the uk will accept whatever the eu chose , and that 's that .
