  britons like rebates a lot and are n't too smart , that could work . 
  how does that sound ? 
  i do n't understand , because your great-grand father may or may not have fought during wwii in 1945 ( for all i know you could be a recent migrant from jamaica ) that would allow you , in 2017 , to be an utter moron ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
  besides , france pretty much invented freedom of speech and defenetely spread it worldwide with its revolution and its declaration of human rights ( speech is one of them ) and its rampage accross europe that followed . 
  now you be carefull where you browse next , your government is spying your history and if you are around 10 years old , which i suspect , you can not go to porn site alright ? 
  no wanking for you my british friend . 
  you know i like to piss off brits here , really i do . 
  but damn you guys sucks , at some point you give up and start sounding like angry teenagers or , in your case , as a 6 grader . 
  my 9yo lil bro has more come back than you do mate . 
   when you go to a restaurant and finish the meal , the restaurant does not ask you how much you think you owe . 
  you are presented with a bill . 
  the eu must do the same . 
  do n't worry they will . 
  it 's somewhere in the 60-100 billions euros for what we know but since they plan to make the uk pay for all the costs related to the brexit , the numbers wo n't be flat , it 's gon na be variable . 
   but in reality the uk owes the eu nothing so which is it ? 
  do you want to pay your tab or run like a thief ? 
   more than we have received back yeah and that 's how the eu works , the richer help the poorer to develop themself and what the uk agreed when it joined it . 
   this nonsensical negotiating position from the eu must end nah , we will do exactly has it should be done . 
  pay what you were supposed to or leave without a deal . 
  you do n't like it ? 
  it 's ok , we do n't care . 
  sooner than later you 'll beg for any deal . 
   , the uk wants to talk about important issues but instead the eu is squabbling about an utterly irrelevant issue trying to stall time . 
  what are those `` important issues '' and how 75 billions euros could be described as `` utterly irrelevant '' ? 
  you are right on stalling time tho . 
  time is on eu 's side , the closer to march 2019 without a deal , the better will be the banking / industry exodus on the continent . 
  yeah sure , the world will collapse because the uk gets wto tarrifs . 
  lmao . 
  you 're just a caricature of the brexiter plebs : bitter , ignorant and with an inflated sense of your country 's importance . 
   the only people that think french food is renown are french people . 
  lol . 
  the whole world praise the french food . 
  but you probably dont speack or read another language than english and might never left that shithole you call your neighbor so how could you know ? 
  i hope you really like marmitte and greasy fish & chips because soone enough all the good stuff from the continent will be expensive af , 
  a british mocking french food , now i 've seen it all lmao . 
  reddit is really a troll nest . 
  that said bitching about continental food is tarrifs free , i guess you got that now . 
  you hate eu 's pac that protect eu 's farmer and yet you have nothing to say about australian 's or american 's subsidize that will destroy british 's agriculture when the fta kicks in . 
  who 's brainwashed really ? 
  / u/how2999 you wrote and deleted this :  did you even go to school ? 
  jersey could be more efficient farmers than france , but it 's never going to produce as much because of the fucking size difference you donut . 
   cap is a disgusting policy that should never have existed . 
  so we 're exactly back to what i said , the uk does n't have enough fertile land . 
  maybe you should re-read yourself before insulting people . 
  and for the record , the cap is great , it is what allow the eu to be self-sufficient in food which is as important as security or energy . 
  without that we would be at the mercy of the usa ( which do exactly the same thing btw , i never hear any brits bitch about that ) and/or russia . 
  you dislike eu 's agricultural subsidize that protected your farmer but you welcome american subsidize that will destroy the competition and put your farmers out of jobs . 
  you donut . 
  yeah well if you outsource all your job , do n't be surprise to have a herd of pissed of plebs voting like dumbass after that . 
  our agriculture is n't inefficient , france is one of the biggest exporter in the world and its food quality is reknown worldwide . 
  the cap was a very smart move indeed . 
  besides , france always wanted to be self-sufficent on all things , with is a national security matters . 
  what happens to the uk is tomorrow there is a pandemy of a virus and all country decide to shut down their borders and world trade come to an halt ? 
  you starve , that 's what happens . 
  france tries to protect its smaller farms , they usually do higher quality crops and goods . 
  when you anglo-saxons are only interested by quantities . 
  so you might be right , if we compare at a country level . 
  but if your farm are more efficient but you can only feed 60 % of your population when france is a net exporter , then it mean you do not have enough rich land . 
  this problem is as old as agriculture . 
  you start by using the best land and once you need to expand you use land of lesser quality ... until it 's not worth it and it 's just smarter to import the food from elsewhere . 
  so , unless the uk start subsidizing its agriculture as the eu is currently doing with the cap , which the uk has fought for years btw , you will keep importing what you needs . 
  the most likely outcome is that the uk sign ftas with a lot of nations and that without eu 's protection and money , a lot of british farmers will have to close shop and stop producing . 
  i 'm sure it 's very easy to do and the british farmers have just been slacking big time all those years and you 'll catch up with the best in no time !, 
  it 's like `` we 'll just pivot our economy toward the commonwealth '' ... yeah right , walk in the park , the commonwealth was dying and could n't wait the uk to get out of eu to live again !, 
  here 's my guess , british farmers use the same tools than their foreign counterparts , it 's just that they do n't have enough land to make bulk saving and the land is n't as rich as the one on the continent . 
  just like the `` pivot '' thing . 
  the uk , as any eu member , currently have very low tarrifs with the commonwealth ( including the usa \u00b0 and other major economy . 
  several sectors are protected tho but in the end , ftas wo n't change things that much . 
  you britons are like trump : - one day you want to protect your agriculture and the next you claim to want to become the `` champion of worldwide fta '' . 
  - one day you pull yourself out of the huge free-trade market of your continent and the next you claim to want everything to stay the same . 
  - one day you are threatening of corporate taxs wars and insulting everyone ( bojo in ankara or about the prosecco ) and the next you want a strong partnership with the eu . 
  you lot have n't the slightest idea about what you want . 
  you want the cake and eat it and you 're going to get neither . 
  and btw that would be pretty hilarious to see the uk tries to revive its agriculture after it tried for so long to dynamite the common agricultural policy . 
  there is a reason the uk can not feed its population . 
  1 ) not enough rich land 2 ) not competitive on the world market either because productivity in british farm is bad or wages and costs to run the farms are too high . 
  probably all of that . 
  the uk could , indeed , produce more food but that would create inflation across the whole country . 
  cheap food is the key to any first world economy . 
  i should cry because i can school you in your own language ? 
  with genius like you , the brexit actually make a lot of sense . 
  is your sister also your cousin or something ? 
  i heard it happens a lot on islands . 
  you sound like a bitter teenager . 
  with if and maybe , looking back 50 years in the back , everything is possible . 
  the usa could have cracked the enigma at some point or the usa could have sent its ressources to the usa from the pacific instead of the atlantic . 
  anyways , no matter how you look at it , ussr won the war with the help of american ressources . 
  deflate your ego . 
  you do n't eat snails and frog legs outside classic restaurants , period . 
  meat pies are all over the place in the uk , it 's like our sandwich-baguette , only a lot more greasy and gross . 
  when you 're dead drunk it does n't matter which probably explain why most british food is like that . 
  getting salty there mate . 
   if your nations so great ... wby are your road signs ... like ` stop ' in english and not french ? 
  bwahahaha that has the be the most ridiculous argument i 've ever seen on reddit . 
  you , my friend , are a tool . 
  btw , half you language comes from french and the other half from german . 
  go back to school , kid . 
  i 'm not a troll , i 'm amazed to see how your vision of history is biased . 
  it 's crazy to read britons actually believing that they are most important country of this war and the reason of the allies victory .
