  it 's already happening . 
  1 year ago , before the referundum , british politicians claimed the uk would stay in the single market . 
  6 months ago , they knew it was n't happening and they claimed they would manage to get a free trade agreement or else they would go without a deal . 
  nobody got scared over here . 
  now they are accepting eu 's scredules , exit bill and transitional deal , which was eu 's favorite option since day # 1 as it will allow them to work a trade agreement for as long as needed once the uk is out and cant do shit anymore from the inside . 
  negociate when the uk is a third party , that 's the whole point of the transitional deal . 
  make it last 3 years , half what is usually takes to make a fta to force them take it or leave it . 
  the eu 's # 1 strength is it 's bargaining power as the second market in the world . 
  the uk is about to re-discover that first hand . 
  actually a fta with the uk would be good for the eu so you might get it , the eu will keep flooding the uk with goods while uk 's service wo n't get their passport to operate on the continent . 
  same goes for medecine , which is a huge part of british export . 
  the uk will probably also lose its place on most huge european partnerships ( airbus , esa , cern ) as well , you do n't invest on an unreliable and third party country with a currency ready to drop at any given time . 
  and every single eu country will gladly take their spot . 
  that 's after the us puppet dictator was thrown out and the usa started an embargo on them . 
  the usa needs to gtfo middle-east , period . 
  that will allow the eu to negociate the future trade agreement while the uk is no longer an eu member , do not have any leverage in brussels anymore and a deal is n't mandatory . 
  in other words , the eu will be able to cherry pick what it wants , not the other way around . 
   you should scale that down too i did . 
  8 billions #  10.5 billion $ . 
  or maybe that means that the britons would rather import food rather than starve to death ? 
  maybe the new tarrifs will do the opposite of what you are saying : the uk will keep importing what it needs while it wo n't export as much as it did . 
  maybe the uk will just import as much but from elsewhere , which wo n't change a thing as far as the british deficit goes , it just will be from elsewhere . 
  that 's a lot of maybe . 
  nobody knows what will happens right now , in part because nobody knows what the uk want , not even their government . 
  the only thing that is pretty much a certainty , is that the british economy will shrink . 
  putting economic barriers with your # 1 trading partner is n't good for business , we know that much . 
  thanks captain obvious for your inputs . 
  what i am saying is that devaluation is n't an answer for a country which import as much as the uk do . 
  what the uk needs is gain in productivity and protect its agriculture and industry . 
  the brexit will do the exact opposite of that . 
  do n't be surprised to see your economy tank if you outsource everything . 
  pretty simple really . 
  because i converted it to compare it with british gdp , which was given in us dollars , does n't mean that it 's paid in us dollars . 
  the uk has the second worst trade balance in the world , it 's a [ 181 billions dollar deficit annually ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/ ) . 
  it 's a third of usa 's own deficit while being 5 times less populated . 
  the uk import half of its food and most of everything else as british industry after decades of under-investment , is almost dead . 
  all things being equals , which they wo n't , a 15 % devaluation of the pound cost 90 billions us dollars to the uk annually . 
  ( 606 billions of export x1 .15 ) which would make uk 's deficit at 270 billions us annually . 
  this is over half of british total export . 
  this over the whole greek debt , each year . 
  for every pound the uk export , it import 2 . 
  i wonder how long or how deep the devaluation has to become to see the british pound lose its reserve statut . 
  if that happens we will have to close our borders because they are all going to flee on the continent . 
  so they 'll keep paying their membership without representation in brussels ? 
  if they get the same deal as norway , they 'll end up paying twice what they used to as a member . 
  they wo n't be able to keep stalling further european political integration and they are going to finance it . 
  smart move lads . 
  uk annual budget to the eu : 8 billons # . 
  british pound devaluation since the referundum : 15 % ( from 1.3 to 1.1 euro ) . 
  british gdp in 2016 : [ 2618.89 billion us dollars ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/gdp ) . 
  15 % of 2618 billions = 392 billions us dollars . 
  divide that by 8 billions annually : 49 . 
  the devaluation of the british pound already cost 49 years of eu membership to the uk . 
  * fund the nhs * they said . 
   germany and france have much less in common than germany and the uk bollocks . 
  look at the number [ here if you like ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/rankings/country/neci/ ) , there are a lot more trade between france and germany than with the uk . 
  and when it comes to politics , the eu always been an germano-french thing with the uk first trying to sabotage it from outside then from inside . 
   odd that just a few years before that was when the uk and france `` shared the same values '' . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  i 'm not a mind reader . 
   the rest of that post sounds ridiculous and completely counter to what the eu should stand for . 
  bold claim without any substance . 
  i do n't mind arguing with people here , but give me something to chew . 
  there are no quotas on cheese , but the names are protected afaik . 
  like a lot of food . 
  do you actually think that the usa is going to make a fta with the uk and will not try to force you to buy their goods ? 
  g'luck with that . 
  the uk need to import food and the usa is a net exporter , tarrifs free trade on food will be the easiest thing to agree for both . 
  it will destroy whatever the uk has left of agriculture , unless the uk subsidize them af , as the usa or the eu do . 
  if the uk want a trade deal with the eu it will pay . 
  if the uk does n't pay , then the eu has no obligation to have any relation whatsoever with the uk . 
  pretty simple really . 
  the whole project was in a much better shape before both country got in . 
  the whole eastern enlargement was a mistake . 
  and so was the uk admission . 
  there is no point of a huge union if people do not share the same values hence goal . 
  no matter how you put it , half a dozen countries in eu pay for everyone and poland gets 10 billions annually , that 's over 50 % of all the money given to all the members . 
  i 'd rather see the eu help spain and greece that keep sending money to poles who obviously do n't give 2 shits about anything but themself . 
  i hope the eu will put heavy sanction on poland and that poland will remove itself . 
  bring hungary with you while you 're at it . 
  the whole point of ftas is to remove tariffs . 
  why should i be ashamed of something that happened 40 years before i was born ? 
  why should you take credit for something you did n't do ? 
  you 're just a angry keyboard brit , nothing more . 
  besides , 40 000 frenchs died during the battle of france , that 's how many graves you are pissing on , just to insult somebody on the internet . 
  you should be ashamed , for what you are doing right here and right now . 
  i do n't care much about over sized balls , i 've got an oversized penis and it 's all what matter . 
  make love , not war . 
  peace out . 
  lol yeah not that long , only 70 years . 
  your uncles must be around 90-95 years old then like your father or mother i guess . 
  which makes you around 70 years old . 
  you 're not very young and stupid , you 're very old and losing your mind . 
  in any case , whatever your imaginary uncles did does n't allow you to claim bs after bs . 
  i suggest fish for all your next meal , it 's good for the brain . 
  there may be more than one briton but in your democracy , only one briton over 50 % set the course of the country . 
  maybe it 's going to be easy as surrendering because maybe , in the end , after all the fake drama , theresa may will surrender and accept all eu 's condition . 
  first they asked 50 billions euros . 
  now they are asking 100 billions . 
  we could settled for 75 billions and let theresa may pretend she gots a 25 billions euros rebate .
