  on an american sub , muricans would claim the same thing . 
  both would be as wrong . 
  i know , in the uk the easiest way to eat decently is in an indian restaurant . 
  now i like indian food , times to time , but not everyday . 
  meat pies are disguting as far as i 'm concerned . 
  it 's greasy and it 's gross . 
  claiming that the uk was `` the only nation standing '' is another attempt to rub yourself in your pride . 
  the uk played hide and seeks with germans planes and uboats to secure american help while the population was living underground . 
  it was barely survival . 
  every single occupied country had resistance within their country and free troops abroads . 
  the real comeback on the west started when the usa officially declared war on germany . 
  the uk played a major part of this war but , once again , the war was won by russia with the support of the usa . 
  if the uk did n't exist , the d-day would have happened from elsewhere , probably from north africa or something . 
  lol what a load of bullshit . 
  all of it , the part where the usa needed the uk to enter the war and the part where russia would have lost without the usa . 
  lol , [ check all those countries ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/rankings/country/neci/ ) , german out perform all these countries as far as internationnal trade are concerned . 
  germany export almost as much as the usa for 4 times less people and a country 8 times smaller . 
  it depends on when you look at it . 
  greece freed itself for exemple . 
  and before the massive intervention of the usa , the uk was n't as much standing as hiding in its caves and subway station hoping its airforces contain the germans , which it did . 
  had gb not been an island , it would probably been steamrolled has the rest of europe . 
  here 's the list of the [ allies of wwii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allies_of_world_war_ii ) . 
  yeah they were many . 
  lol since when michelin stars means jack about a country 's food ? 
  i bet not a single of these restaurant are cooking british food and 99 % of the people here never ate in a restaurant with a star anyways . 
  shitty food , as in food people eat in their home and/or buy in the street . 
  you know like fish and ships , meat pies , boiled meat or vinegar on pizza . 
  out of all the critics i made , it 's the food that triggered you . 
  quite smart to avoir the real issues i guess . 
  i do n't . 
  i just deny you the right to claim the uk was the most important country of that attack , of the war , of the freedom of france , of the victory and whatever of the like . 
  the uk did major things during that time tho : invented the radar , decoded german enigma , defeated the german in the sky and defended their island . 
  that credit is due . 
  good riddance , we 're free to do whatever we want now , you brits wo n't be missed . 
  i hope they 'll put nasty visas on your ass , so we do n't get to see too many of yous on the continent  1984 , children of men , v for vendetta , shitty weather , disgusting food , violdent people and now an economic crash coupled with isolationism ... 
  it 's gon na be great to live in the uk in the 2020s . 
  not really . 
  i know the usa have union / non-union work . 
  and france will probably have something different soon . 
  differents wages depending of each business ... 
  when a football team win a match , you do n't congratulate only one player and if that player pretend to have won the match by himself , he 's just an arrogant asshole . 
  no , ** britain is defenetely not the most important country to thank for d-day ** . 
  it 's like saying dubai was the most most important country of the first gulf war because american planes flought from there . 
  and ** no , britain did n't `` save '' france . 
  ** britain fought nazism just like the usa and ussr did and as far as each other 's weight on that victory , if we have rank each nation , i guess britain would be # 3 . 
  stop over-inflating your role in that war . 
  i do n't understand why you would think the world would close shop for a couple nukes tho . 
  the usa did nuke a country twice and nobody happened there . 
  france colonised half the world and trade never been better than back then . 
  russia is currently invading ukraine and nuking syria and business is as good as usual ( not exactly has good , there are a few sanctions ) . 
  it 's all about power and alliance . 
  la hague , the un , all this stuff only apply to peones , the bigger fish do n't care . 
  uranium mine in france were close because of their price , because it 's dangerous af and also because , as the american did for the longest time with their oil , it 's better to buy it abroad and keep our reserve for later . 
  there is still plenty of [ uranium to be exacted in france ] ( https://www.populationdata.net/wp-content/uploads/france-uranium-mines-stockage.gif ) ( the blue squares and dots ) . 
  are you hitting on me then ? 
  if you are trying to make a point , maybe start with an argument . 
  just saying . 
  you are one lazy dude . 
  bad faith much huh ? 
   britain is the most important country to thank for d-day do you actually believe what you write ? 
   hence saving your country our country was saved by the capitulation of germany , which lost the war on its eastern front , agains ' t the russian . 
  some historian have claimed if the usa never entered the war agains ' t germany , the war would have lastest 2 years more with the same outcome : a russian victory . 
  probably millions of more death and who knows what would have happened to the rest of europe . 
  anyways , no matter how you put it , britain did n't save france during wwii . 
  just like france did n't save anybody during wwi . 
  idk where you got that napoleonesque idea , this little fantasy escalated quickly . 
  but for the record , metropolitan france has plenty of uranium mines not exploited atm and reserve through the roof . 
  so nuclear fuel is n't an issue . 
  bottom line is this : france has 300 nukes under the sea and can blow any place on the planet , so nobody is going to make a move agains ' t it , period . 
  we 've got plenty of uranium mine in the metropolitan area , and have plenty of stock anyways . 
  idk about metals , rares ones are in africa that 's for sure and we still have half a foot there . 
  it 's just a fantasy anyways . 
   ( amongst others ) that 's the main thing here . 
  it was a world war between allies and axis , bunch of nations in both camp . 
  by themself , the british did n't `` save the day '' . 
  there were one nation amongst many . 
   globalization is over , it 's very 1990s . 
  lmao . 
  you brits are going back to the 19th century or something ? 
  last i checked , theresa may wanted to make the uk `` a champion of worldwide free-trade '' . 
  and why is that ? 
  because their country is winning that globalization game that your country invented and lost ? 
   we did save the day . 
  russians won the war , supported by the americans . 
  british were just harbor # 1 . 
  i 'm not trying anything , i 'm just saying : you 're a 3 days old alt attacking anyone not british on / r/europe . 
  people not starving to death for starter . 
  people with a roof over their heads , lights and heat in their homes . 
  all basics needs would be covered and all the rest would lag behind probably . 
  we 've got a typical british pleb here , half of his post are the usual * merkel is a dictator * , * the uk was and will be better outside the eu * * british saved the day during wwii * , * all slaves are russians * . 
  the dude is on a rampage , he hates everybody equally . 
  i bet he drinks to much and fight in the streets on match day . 
   other countries cutting ties to france which will cripple you so much and so fast you end up begging for other countries to intervene and prosecute him . 
  frenchs people begging for other countries to intervene ? 
  lol , you do n't know much about french history do you ? 
  frenchs people will prosecute him if they wish to and/or behead him but it would be something decided by frenchs and nobody else . 
  and nobody in the world could force anything else . 
  france is the only country in europe to be self-sufficent in the 3 most important things for a country : food production , energy production and security . 
  france could tell the whole world to fuck off and go close itself to everyone and pull a north korea and would still be able to somewhat function as a country . 
  it would be terrible but it could work .
