they usually only show that we produce lots of co2 and that the earth is growing warmer  that 's actually the evidence for man made climate change ... 
  if i showed you that child abuse is currently going down and snickers production is going up , would you agree that we should take police funds and use them to produce more snickers ? 
    there is pretty decent evidence , you just have to search for it . 
   provide it . 
  because i have seen lots of evidence pointing out climate change as fake . 
  could you provide that evidence ? 
  there is pretty decent evidence , you just have to search for it . 
  i used to be a `` climate change denier '' too , because the top 10 google results very carefully avoid providing any actual evidence ( they usually only show that we produce lots of co2 and that the earth is growing warmer ) . 
  another thing that threw me off were all the stretched and cut graphs - fair enough , a lot of people do that , but imo it 's very close to outright lying . 
  all negotiations should obviously be held in esperanto . 
  i 'm sorry , but do you have a better ( final ) solution ? 
  oh god , i agree . 
  you look at the graph : `` oh dear , a 200 % increase in whatever . '', 
  then you look at the numbers and as it turns out it 's actually barely 10 % . 
  it 's done all the time , but it 's extremely unprofessional , in my opinion . 
   as though the turks living there all 14 million , magically were no longer there . 
  ca n't we just send them to `` magic '' camps ? 
  oh , you mean brd-ddr . 
  at first i thought you were talking about east prussia and did n't believe that you were ~ 100 years old . 
  i mean , was n't that basically the plan for the cold war ? 
  russia marches in , us nukes us . 
   make pangea great again ftfy, 
  same thing , we 'll revert charles v stupid decision . 
  we do n't have a capital , and christianization makes it sound like eastern orthodox heretics will be tolerated , which they will not . 
  i feel like a lot of people in this thread do n't understand that they are not at war . 
   [ citation needed ] [ citation needed ], 
  eu flag and no country specified , and yet i 'm sure nobody had to check your flare-text . 
  who does n't ? 
  would n't you agree that it 's better to decrease the cost , and the risk of them repeating their crime at all , than increasing the time before they repeat ? 
  edit : word, 
  neither is the uk . 
  if the majority wants to remain , why should n't they be allowed to ? 
  well , you 're right , the chart de facto presents a real life example of the trolley problem , without giving any answer or explanation . 
  but i would n't really call it dishonest or misleading because of that . 
  and at what point do you stop occupying a country and become a part of it ? 
  would you support a terrorist group in the usa demanding the deportation of everybody with european roots ? 
  maybe disputes can be settled without car bombs and minorities can exist peacefully and unoppressed . 
  and there are 5.7 million catholics in the united kingdom and they have 72 catholic mps . 
  imo that * is * the statement of the chart . 
  everybody knows about the public perception , this picture is supposed to show the numbers behind it . 
  you mean the way unionists would be living in the irish republic ? 
  the german people were there first , so surely they had every right to remove the jewish colonists . 
  well , germany was n't a jewish country either \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  victim complex , i guess he must be a muslim ... 
  but how does that make this chart misleading ? 
  the people killed by the ira are just as dead , even if it was a bit less intentional . 
  what do you mean ? 
  story : 7/10 story with mission impossible theme : 11/10, 
  would n't that be japan ? 
  i 'm not forcing anybody to do anything . 
  and i do n't remember anything from the first 1-2 years of my life . 
  babies do n't immediately become conscious after birth , they already kinda are before , and still kinda are n't after . 
  sorry for the late response : if i want to kill my child it 's safe to say it 's unwanted , does n't matter if it 's before or after birth . 
  they only get to decide if the chance of recovery is extremely small , you ca n't just tell the paramedic to stop giving your family member a cpr . 
  does that mean you stop being a person if you 're put on life support ? 
  what is that , a david cameron quote ? 
  and why does that make them people ? 
  then why do babies become people at birth ? 
  why not earlier , or later ? 
  but do you agree with that ? 
  and if so , why ? 
  what about killing the baby once it 's born ? 
  well , you only pay more if you choose to . 
  it 's not like the imitations are banned , they 're just not allowed to use the same name . 
  well what is there to do if you 're an overweight men with tattoos , shaved head and bad teeth , the women are ugly and the food is bad ? 
  nice try , but you should change your flair next time you try to seize control of the eu . 
  another example :  nazis : we invade poland for these following reasons that we 'll lay out clearly . 
   rest of the world : that 's bullshit , i know the real reason you 're doing it in spite of you telling me exactly why you 're doing it . 
  maybe not you , but a lot of people definitely feel the way imagineallthekarma decribed , and this is the reason for it . 
  people do n't care about karma , but they do care about attention . 
  you 're not playing , colony . 
  nothing but lies !, 
  if you watch [ this video ] ( https://youtu.be/v2icc-go9dy ) , you can clearly hear them shouting `` geht heim ! '', 
  at the top of their lungs . 
  well , that was before our lord and saviour dollfu\u00df led us back to the right path . 
  this is what i was expecting . 
  and that 's why soviet spy van der bellen assassinated him . 
  that sounds painful, 
  it looks a little more extreme than it actually is , because the colour scale jumps straight from bright green to pink . 
  somebody linked the source , which indeed includes that question . 
  the answers range from 80 % upwards , but most of them are above 90 % . 
  please stop caring whether the people your children are in a relationship with are attractive to you . 
  no , you would n't . 
  or maybe you just make up your facts, 
  to clarify , what i was so trying to say is that , to most people , his song was just their favourite piece of disposable music this year , not a different category . 
  i 'm not the same guy . 
  it always annoys me when people say there 's no good music anymore . 
  you have n't even listened to * one * single song of every * genre * that 's played by at least a dozen or so decent bands . 
  but sure , let 's keep masochistically listening to our least liked examples of our least liked genres and complain about kids these days . 
  edit : to clarify , this is n't directed at you , just adding to your comment . 
  there 's always a winner , no matter how bad or similar all of the songs are . 
  a song about love ? 
  r e v o l u t i o n a r y, 
  it was a joke about listening to spain 's song being as painful as being beaten with hot iron sticks . 
  not too frequently . 
  source : am austrian . 
  yes . 
  and bavaria is a part of germany . 
  if the german identity includes all the different parts of germany , it already comes very close to including austria as well . 
  `` everyone not complaining about his speech should be beaten with red hot iron sticks . '',
