   you are a pedantic . 
  pedant would be the noun no ? 
  you are a pedant ? 
  i should add i 'm from england and i 'm unsure - that 's how uncommon it is :p or i just suck at my native language ... 
  ah sorry , no all my posts refer to england . 
  the people 's republic of scotland have a better deal as they actually have a government which gives a shit about education . 
  yeah , our ` national dish ' is tikka masala right ? 
  but it 's really a british meal as a large amount of indian food is vegetarian . 
  the bbc has a pretty good recipe site , and goodrecipes etc. 
  as well , i made a flatbread stuffed with dhal as it was convenient to eat ( a bit like a cornish pasty really ) and it was awesome . 
  also making a lentil bake with roast vegetables is pretty awesome too for non-indian lentil food . 
  maybe they 've changed it - i started 4 years ago ( it 's one of the 4-year science courses , nearly done :d ) and all grants were income-assessed , even the loan limits were income assessed . 
  the grants are quite rare ( although i suppose my university mostly has wealthy students so i could be biased there ) but the vast , vast majority of people are solely on loans . 
  but they changed it loads recently with the coalition etc. 
  so maybe it 's totally different now . 
  ah , if your combined parental income is below a certain amount you can get grants yeah . . unfortunately for me the threshold is pretty low and it does n't take into account siblings and debts of the parents etc. 
  very well . 
  neet means `` not in education , employment or training '' - it 's just a term i saw in the newspaper that sums up those who end up on the scrapheap as it were . 
   everyone who does n't go to uni usually gets a trade which lets you earn # 20-40k / yr once you 're 20 . 
  i dunno , loads become neets as well , but then i did n't go to the best school i guess . 
  also , i get # 3.5 k in loans for living costs and # 3.5 k in loans for fees . 
  leaving me with a total of # 28k debt for a 4-year physics course . 
  charged with interest of ( rate of inflation ) +3 % so it 's not as great as you make out . 
  fortunately i was awarded a private scholarship for good a-level grades and a science degree that pays # 3k a year so i do n't have to work part-time ( that 'd be tough with physics , although some do it , most have wealthy parents ) that said the situation sounds better than it is in other places - i wish i 'd applied to netherlands or sweden though . 
  lentils are awesome . 
  i eat them at uni , originally because they were cheap , but now just because they are healthy . 
  also one of the benefits to the uk is that there are lots of indian stores with the weird indian spices so you can make dhal etc. 
  when i was working in berlin i missed being able to get such a range of spices so easily . 
  ( but the kebabs made up for it :p ), 
  [ their foreign policy plans :p ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2p3fjk6.png ), 
   [ cecil rhodes ] said that he wanted to breed an american elite of philosopher-kings who would have the united states rejoin the british empire . 
  as rhodes also respected the germans and admired the kaiser , he allowed german students to be included in the rhodes scholarships . 
  he believed that eventually the united kingdom ( including ireland ) , the usa , and germany together would dominate the world and ensure peace . 
  perhaps his dream will come to pass . 
  haha , yeah that 's a good point , i did think that as i typed it . 
   it only works for a few items . 
  nobody is going to be happy self serving a weeks shopping . 
  i did , because i preferred using the machines for some reason : / but now i just order online and get it delivered because it 's way easier to compare prices and far more convenient . 
  efficiency is progress . 
  huh ? 
  i recognise you from / r/unitedkingdom so i 'm pretty sure you are a brit . 
  if you go into retail more and more shops have self-service checkouts , so what would previously have taken 5 attendants now takes 1 supervisor . 
  do n't forget you do n't need to completely automate everything - partial automation will still result in massive reduction of jobs . 
  can you give an example of service sector jobs that ca n't be automated or outsourced ? 
  even software development itself becomes less secure as it is true that it is hard to outsource difficult and challenging programming , but very few companies require that , most programming can essentially be reduced to sticking widgets together and the millions of indian students can do that for far lower wages . 
  note : i say this as someone who is just about to graduate in physics and considering software dev as a career , but i might get a phd in bioinformatics or something similar so i learn more advanced skills that make me less replaceable by the armies of mediocre software engineers from abroad . 
  but who is going to buy the media when it 's a recession and people have little disposable income - the system has to change or we risk killing the mass-market entirely . 
  [ eu-27 average spending on r&d is only 2.03 % ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/rdit1/gross-domestic-expenditure-on-research-and-development/2011/stb-gerd-2011.html ) . 
  we have a lot of room for improvement . 
  imo it should be at least 10 % , i mean we used to manage that for the bloody church tithes . 
  nah - we just need to continue to create more and more subdivisions so we all have someone to look down on !, 
  true - but the couple should be free to decide that themselves rather than the woman being forced to take more leave . 
  yeah - there is a cost , but at some point we have to say that some things are more valuable to society in the long run ( like providing a decent upbringing for children and allowing for equality of opportunity between the sexes ) than just going for short-term profit all the time . 
  the economy will survive and adapt - it always has done and nowadays we have abundance and most services are n't vital anyway , these arguments just remind me of the victorians who argued that outlawing child labour or moving to a 10-hour day would wreck the economy ... 
  why ? 
  the father and mother should have equal rights to leave as it provides the child with a balanced upbringing and takes away a perverse incentive for employers to avoid hiring women . 
  `` issues with romanian immigrants '' ! = `` racism '' yeah , it sucks that you ca n't travel and find a better place to work , but to be fair , the citizens of these countries have paid taxes for generations to support their nation which would be placed under a large strain from an influx of immigrants which lower wages and erode working conditions and possibly strain welfare systems as well . 
  in the end the whole idea of nation states and borders could be considered ` racist ' but ultimately the people living there have contributed and they do n't want to see their living standards fall . 
  it 's weird the divide is only so large in western cultures , i have friends from iran , china etc. 
  and there it is less divided in the sciences . 
  yeah - i just like to point out that even to the extent that it did benefit britain , it benefitted the ruling elite , the average labourer was worse off as the growth of textile mills and industry encouraged the enclosure acts and so on that left people without land or income . 
  they should really teach about peterloo etc. 
  in school . 
  yeah - it seems retarded when they make out that the empire was some vast thing that every briton benefitted from at the expense of the african slave etc. 
  to be honest given the choice between being an uncivilised indonesian native , or being [ driven to feed upon crushed bones in a workhouse ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andover_workhouse_scandal ) i know which i 'd choose ... 
  but middle class does n't mean middle-income - traditionally it meant you owned a business or whatever - so your lifestyle and income was also very secure . 
  if you 've seen the amount of offshoring etc. 
  in the it industry i can understand why he would n't necessarily feel that way . 
  it 's a shame as it 's undoubtedly a tiny minority of muslims , but it still ca n't be tolerated . 
  especially the overt aggression . 
  it 's really neo-liberal - the free movement of labour has allowed them to depress wages and conditions in many countries after massive migrations from the newer , poorer member states . 
  and do n't forget acta etc. 
  which whilst they did n't sign in the end it could come back . 
  i agree with you in general , but pragmatically in this case it 'd be a disaster as the populace is n't informed enough to make a balanced decision so they are essentially a proxy vote for murdoch and his ilk . 
  i agree , to be honest i just hope it never goes to a referendum . 
  it sounds terrible but to be honest i just do n't trust the electorate to make an informed decision - leaving the eu could be our barabbas . 
   in order that we can remain in the european union , the eu must change . 
  leaving would be utter madness - and half the problem is that given a referendum the people would choose it too !, 
  i hope this can be resolved . 
  germany definitely , berlin is awesome , but i 'd like to live in the south , i loved munich too or one of the towns/cities by the neckar like heidelberg . 
  it 's actually a credit system rather than barter , but it shows how desperate it has become . 
  it 's quite interesting to watch though , michael graber 's [ debt : the first 5000 years ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6617037-debt ) makes the interesting proposal that we go through cycles of credit and monetary systems and that credit systems . 
  i studied with rise ( part of the daad ) , not erasmus , but it was an awesome experience ( albeit i did it over two summers rather than one year ) so it 's good that the similar and far larger erasmus program has been saved . 
  yes , rand , maybe he is . 
  they did n't use executions and siberia in east germany , but i guess it was n't technically the soviets , just soviet influence . 
  jesus , i just mentioned it because it 's true . 
  i 'm not religious at all and dislike all of them , but i dislike / r/atheism as it just seems so self-satisfied . 
  in my opinion the soviets had the right idea of how to deal with religion , when i was in germany i talked to friends from the old east and religion is much less prevalent there . 
  also here in the uk we still have some christian nutjobs trying to ban restrict abortion , gay marriage , teach creationism etc. 
  and you only have to look to ireland and the usa to see how powerful they can become . 
   muslim opposition highlights growing influence of creationism and literalist interpretations of the koran it seems a problem that the religious are becoming more and more extreme , in the us it is predominately right-wing christian groups whereas here we seem to have a larger problem with islam . 
  reverting to violence and intimidation over scientific facts can not be accepted in modern society . 
  and the americans wonder why they have such a bad reputation ? 
   the nationalist boycott contributed to a turnout of only 58.7 % of the electorate . 
  in addition to taking a majority of votes cast , the uk option received the support of 57.5 % of the total electorate . 
  even if every single person who did n't vote voted to leave the uk , they still would n't have got the majority vote . 
  it was something like 55 % - so pretty strong in terms of a referendum ( the quebec ones have been _ much _ closer ) but still far from a sure thing . 
  i was living in edinburgh at the time and it really really did n't feel like a sure thing at all i can assure you . 
  i do n't really know what excuse there is not to give a referendum ? 
  it is against the principles of self-determination to continue to deny one .
