  but when they are putting their caravans down the road and making the place a shithole - yeahhh ... 
  the south-east . 
  and pikey can be used in that way but it is a secondary use as it refers to the fact that pikeys often possess/sell cheap goods of poor quality . 
  the primary use is a slightly derogatory term for gypsies - [ used famously in the movie _ snatch _ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghrbmek18ui ), 
  yeah , in the uk we have irish gypsies ( or travellers or pikeys ) too . 
  they are scum . 
  there are many more roma in the uk now as well we did n't really see them much before - i also see them here in spain and when i lived in germany . 
  the gypsy lifestyle is just completely irresponsible they often commit crimes , cause property damage , engage in scams and avoid taxes/fees . 
  [ of polonium , mostly . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_litvinenko#poisoning_and_death ), 
  apparently an old git on here . 
  being good at my job . 
  settling into my new country ( spain ) . 
  yeah , and in the uk we have ex-ira associates in the northern irish parliament . 
  at some point you just have to put it behind you . 
  ( and the ira were still bombing the mainland to shit during the 90 's ), 
  temporal -  temporary using temporal to mean not permanent , or not perpetual is very poetic and usually religious etc. 
  in nature in english . 
  still your english is very good , mi espa\u00f1ol esta mal y no entiendo el subjuntivo :(, 
  i do n't really understand it though as spain holds a huge amount of the greek debt , so a decent deal for greece could wreck spain . 
  i just started working in spain and my salary is in euros so i just want spain to do really , really well out of this whatever happens . 
  perhaps . 
  but that is n't going to happen and meanwhile we have boat after boat heading for italy . 
  i think it 's unfair the way that the other european countries cry about how much of a crisis it is and yet refuse to take the migrants and just leave italy to deal with it . 
  we just need to make the hard decisions - we can not accept these people . 
  therefore we need to stop them crossing , and destroying the boats in port is the only humane way of doing that as sinking them at sea is horrific . 
  why ? 
  it 's an experiment and if it goes to shit it 'll be awful . 
  i mean podemos are seen as very close to syriza and will suffer immensely should their plan completely fail . 
  haha , edinburgh is really nice , if i move back to the uk i 'd consider living there as i can actually afford a house but i 'd really love to live in devon ( but there are so few jobs there : / ) i went to undergrad in devon though and it is so beautiful and awesome . 
  best place in uk imo !, 
  i lived in edinburgh for a year actually :p and my name is scottish due to family heritage so it was funny when people would expect me to be scottish and i would speak and then the facade would crumble . 
  although tbh in edinburgh it 's a fair bet that most of the people are english or american ... 
  i moved to barcelona a few days ago , i guess i should change my flair or something :p, 
  i agree , but i think it is unsustainable for the eu to accept these people . 
  we should just blockade the ports they leave from and sink the boats in the harbours before they can embark . 
  thus saving their lives and preventing an immigration crisis . 
  but yeah if it were up to me i 'd also bomb isis out of existence and enforce a secular , democratic government . 
  people can call it imperialism , but i doubt those getting slaughtered by isis care for such semantics . 
  yeah , it 's 30 here atm , it was 35 last week though and obv . 
  it 's really humid because of the coast . 
  i saw people complain about mosquitoes but i have n't seen any yet . 
  but yeah i guess miami would be bad too :p, 
  i went to university in devon ( south-west uk ) , i 'm ready for rain :p, 
  hahaha , that video is funny . 
  but that snow is insane i lived in scotland and never saw snow like that - although i was in the lowlands to be fair . 
  haha , it 's so hot at the moment it 's unimaginable . 
  i just moved to barcelona , i presume it does n't snow here except in the pyrenees etc. 
  i just moved to barcelona , what other spanish food is there ( i 've tried paella and the jam\u00f3n ) ? 
  also i had some rabbit dish when i was in salamanca that was awesome but i ca n't remember the name . 
  is that snow ? 
  does it snow in southern spain ? 
  i think for repeat offenders it should . 
  i mean if you get convicted of killing someone then yeah it 's dodgy . 
  if you get convicted of killing someone when you have a history of violent crime then maybe not so much . 
  well if you spend shitloads on a huge military you need to use it for something !, 
  that 's actually a major problem with some asylum seekers though - some have grown up in warzones and are used to violence making them a danger to the societies they emigrate to . 
  also the same tribal clashes often continue in the countries that they move to - so you see somali machete gangs attacking one another in european cities etc. 
  the uk does n't hand out ` free welfare ' - but funnily enough the migrants are n't that well informed on the details of the social welfare policies of the united kingdom and the traffickers tell them whatever will make them pay up . 
  the solution is simply a naval blockade in the med . 
  we can not and should not accept these people . 
  we ca n't accept the migrants - and we ca n't send them back ( where to ?! ), 
  either - honestly it seems the only solutions are gunboats in the med and trying to stop the boats from launching the boats in the first place ( perhaps with special forces a la ` rainbow warrior ' ), 
  but with no papers where is ` home ' ? 
  yeah i was joking :p but i wonder if the imbalance will get as bad as china etc. 
  i am a young eu male who just moved to spain . 
  with multinational companies it can be good to live here . 
  shame all the women are leaving though ... am i supposed to date an african man ? 
  yeah , that was weird in scotland too - they also wanted to remain under the queen . 
  i am english but republican and i was living in scotland at the time of the referendum - i did n't vote in it as i felt it was n't really my right even though i was eligible , but if they had broken from the royalty i would definitely have voted yes . 
  funnily enough i live in barcelona now :p so i might get to see the whole separatism thing all over again !, 
  what is ` risky cousin ' ? 
  is that a spanish phrase ? 
  yeah , the cult of personality around him was stupid . 
  pfftt ... it 's all about the miasmas man - i mean have you ever actually _ felt _ a germ ? 
  haha , devon is awesome . 
  i hope i can live there when i am old . 
  yeah , i was in salamanca and people seemed to think that as well . 
  i mean obviously having a low body temperature does n't help the immune system , but i hoped the germ theory of disease would be better known after so many centuries . 
  yeah , but to be fair those people could be benefiting from exploiting the venezuelan people - it 'd be like judging castro on the opinions of the people that ran to florida when batista fell . 
  i mean it seems like a shithole now , but i thought he improved literacy and stuff for the peasant-like people . 
  but to be honest i do n't know enough about it . 
  yeah , corruption is just untenable regardless of the political ideology . 
  it will ultimately destroy the economy because it encourages borrowing for populism ( to win elections ) and tax cuts ( to help their friends ) while the government spending itself is poorly invested as they are getting paid off . 
  corruption is a problem in many countries though - [ the recent honours list in britain shows that :( ] ( http://www.private-eye.co.uk/sections.php?section_link=news ), 
  i do n't know much about venezuela , but it 's not like the country was a paradise pre-chavez . 
  haha , i was living in edinburgh at the time of the referendum too . 
  i seem to go from separatist region to separatist region :p, 
  yeah , i just moved from england to barcelona for my job . 
  there are quite a few catalan flags around and the only people i know from barcelona support independence , but that is a sample size of two , and they are sisters :p pero es dificil para mi porque solo puedo hablar un poco espa\u00f1ol y no puedo hablar nada catalan , lamentablemente :( pero puedo aprender porque estoy aqui por siempre ... 
  i do n't understand it to be honest - is n't the right to self-determination one of the main things of the un etc. 
  it gets trickier for the uk in places like northern ireland where they vote to remain british , but the place is a bit of a money sink and incredibly politically unstable ( although _ far _ better now ) but what are we meant to do ? 
  tell the people that voted to stay in the union that we wo n't have them ? 
  and then you get the americans acting like britain is somehow the big bad guy clinging onto northern ireland while they give money to the ira - i mean christ , we did n't have collections in pubs for al qaeda ... 
  yeah . 
  west germany was pumped full of money because it was like a showcase against the ddr . 
  it _ had _ to be a miracle to be proof that capitalism was better than the soviet way ( and it is , but it was a wee bit unfair ) . 
  lol , the gibraltar referendum and ( lack of ) a catalan one is even more insane . 
  it 's pretty funny to see a turk saying that we are denying genocide ... 
  the empire lost money - read `` mammon and the pursuit of empire '' which is largely agreed to be the historical authority on economic analysis of the empire .
