  the shareholders in the trading companies won , 99 % of the people did n't . 
  remember the uk had child labour , workhouses for the poor and political massacres ( peterloo ) at the time . 
  yeah , i bet the guys literally eating bones in andover workhouse etc. 
  were benefiting so much . 
  or the guys massacred at ` peterloo ' etc. 
  it 's literally the same logic given by the nsa etc. 
  we ca n't tell you how we use our powers but trust us that it keeps you safe . 
  canada has the oil sands . 
  australia has a mining boom . 
  our resources are depleted . 
  maybe we can frack - but it might not be profitable . 
  yeah - ultimately we need to decide if we want the eu to be like the usa or if we want to dismantle it and be exploited by the other superpowers . 
  yeah it 's ridiculous . 
  and if you say maybe having aristocrats is a bad idea they post that fucking cgpgrey video that just assumes they have a natural right to their incomes and properties . 
  europe as a whole should cast off the yoke of aristocracy - we should be a modern superpower not an open air museum for american tourists . 
  it is simply how economics works - attempting to block it would just make things worse as it makes the global market less efficient . 
  we should move forward with federalising the eu to help bring areas up to the same standards faster but the resistance is strong . 
  i fear we may end up needing a new alexander to fully unite the eu and cast aside petty nationalism . 
  but blocking the freedom of movement - of goods or labour - is just madness . 
  cobden wrote of it in the victorian era with respect to england and was proven correct with the rise of china post-ww2 :  it is solely from the promptings of self-interest that the merchants of europe , as of the rest of the world , send their ships to our ports to be freighted with the products of our labour . 
   the self-same impulse drew all nations , at different periods of history , to tyre , to venice , and to amsterdam ; and if , in the revolution of time and events , a country should be found ( which is probable ) whose cottons and woollens shall be cheaper than those of england and the rest of the world , then to that spot -- even should it , by supposition , be buried in the remotest nook of the globe -- will all the traders of the earth flock ; and no human power , no fleets or armies , will prevent manchester , liverpool , and leeds , from sharing the fate of their once proud predecessors in holland , italy , and ph\u0153nicia . 
  yeah - it 's shitty that actually creating a valuable service is destroyed by rentier leeches . 
  it is for an american . 
  the 80 's were good in finance due to the deregulation . 
  there is no single ` britain ' just different groups of people with different ( and contradictory ) interests living in one nation . 
  i do n't understand how an englishman can come to that conclusion - i 'm english as well and it 's obvious that most people do n't give a shit . 
  also some of the concerns are justified . 
  but to be honest i 'd go wherever the economy is best - it 's pretty shitty everywhere . 
  most people do n't give a shit . 
  especially if you speak english well and from your comment i presume you are a native speaker or extremely well studied . 
  i mean with my eastern european friends i do n't even have to speak in a ` simplified english ' or slower or anything - they just speak it perfectly . 
  most of the complaints against immigrants are against the indian/pakistani areas and islam since the rape gangs . 
  or gypsies , because of the way they live , causing more crime etc. 
  hahaha , wtf ? 
  i 'm english and have lived in scotland and slightly struggled to understand the people with a _ really _ strong accent but it 's not really a problem at all . 
  i lived in germany too and people are generally really helpful when you are trying to learn the language . 
  my job is in spain so i 'm currently living in spain and learning spanish to help me settle in better even though i work in english . 
  it 's just not _ that _ big a problem . 
  yeah , america is the richest country in the world by some margin . 
  so long as you are n't in the ghetto and have a decent-ish job you are fine . 
  the tech salaries in the usa are insane . 
  and your houses are n't overpriced rabbit hutches that you leave to crawl your way through the underground to a job in london because the rest of the country is neglected ... 
  yeah , but you are american i presume ? 
  then you can move around the states ( which is as large as the eu ) whereas it is almost impossible for us to get a ` green card ' . 
  do n't get me wrong - i wish we had freedom of movement between the developed world as well but it 's not like it only goes one way . 
  as someone about to move from london to barcelona ( i have a tech job there ) - it 's pretty grim reading :( i 'm in spain at the moment practicing spanish and it 's strange how the country still functions despite such a bad crisis - i ca n't imagine how the uk would cope i guess there 'd be riots again . 
   spain will enter the war as a co-belligerent . 
  aww yiss ... 
  yeah , the situation is complicated . 
  i mean i do n't like the way the palestinians are treated but on the other hand those opposing the israeli 's are often theocratic zealots whilst israel is generally more liberal and progressive . 
  well the first jews that went to israel were often socialists and communists too . 
  i mean look at the traditional kibbutzim structure . 
  i do n't know how the left has gone from `` no gods , no masters '' to `` long live the intifada '' - it 's shameful . 
  we must listen to the music approved by supreme leader !, 
  the degenerate anglophone music must be purged !, 
  a large part of it is due to demographics and increased populations placing strains on things like housing ( which is by far the largest expense ) but also the problem that we have deprived areas with very poor employment prospects etc. 
  and then mega-cities with many more jobs but this causes the housing prices to sky rocket and living standards to deteriorate . 
  also there is the accumulation of wealth and income in the higher end of the distribution as described so well by piketty . 
  the 1 % etc. , although it is a complex issue without an easy target to blame . 
  it certainly is n't the fault of the people nor the fault of the migrants - but pragmatically it makes the current eu policies towards migrants unpopular and that makes the eu unpopular at a time when its future is not guaranteed . 
  do n't all countries have them on at night ? 
  i mean are you going to put them on during the day ? 
  yeah , but you are probably arguing with some edgy student . 
  the fact of the matter is that regardless of why the migrants are coming or the morals of some hypothetical situation as it stands many areas of the eu are struggling with their current situation . 
  in the uk for example we have a housing crisis and few young people can expect to be able to get a house and raise a family even with a reasonable job - i live in spain at the moment and here it is also a problem , my housing costs are lower but the salaries are lower and again few people feel financially secure enough to raise families and live a ` normal ' life - just look at the declining native birth rate across europe . 
  given these issues it makes little sense to accept unskilled migrants ( i believe we should accept skilled one subject to the same standards that an american or so on would be ) with a vastly different culture to our own and many of whom are suffering the consequences of war . 
  the eu is weak after the eurozone crises and the spectre of terrorism and this will be the final straw that destroys it . 
  obviously it is bad to have to turn these people away , but the eu must stand for the interests of its european citizens because no-one else will . 
  i used to live in germany and i live in spain now . 
  spanish is a million times easier than german . 
  the three genders are n't weird , but the cases ... and the pronunciation is harder than spanish too . 
  and iberia by the moors . 
  yeah i 'll probably do sedgwick 's coursera stuff , brush up my algorithms and data structures at the same time, 
  haha well my physics masters project was in fortran ( 90 ) and my brothers supervisor made him do his in fortran 77 ... 
  i 'm not used to the whole java thing with these massive ide 's and deployment frameworks etc. 
  i 'm just used to writing scripts and so on, 
  i looked at the edx stuff for spark but really we do n't use it much . 
  to be honest 90 % of the work is sql and pandas - and sci-kit learn . 
  i learned awk to write custom reducers in hive as well but it 's not strictly necessary . 
  i wish i knew java properly as it comes up a lot and i still do n't know it . 
  most of the data science work is more bi stuff so obv . 
  knowing bash etc. 
  to be able to automate stuff is important - i mean it 's helpful to know the maths too and obv . 
  as i did my masters in it i still remember some and i 'm going through mcmc stuff atm but like i think in a standard salaried role it is unlikely that you will be doing crazy ml stuff every day unless you are a consultant or something . 
  i need to learn more stats too - especially time series forecasting methods . 
  basically coursera and edx are your friends and i 'd try out kaggle as well . 
  the bayesian methods for hackers ipython notebook on github is decent too . 
  ( me and the other junior guys are doing a chapter or two a week and then plan to do gaussian processes etc. 
  afterward ) also you should decide if you want to do data science or data engineering - i like the programming and scripting more so than the business side so i 'm tempted towards data engineering ( my brother just switched to it from data science with quite a big salary increase ... ) but when you can get away from the business bs and do some proper nice maths and stats its nice ... 
  seriously though your english is very good and you know spreadsheets . 
  learn sql ( seriously it takes like a day or so to learn the basics ) and maybe a little unix/linux in case you have to ssh files to and from a server etc. 
  and there are plenty of data analysis jobs you can do . 
  or learn programming and go that route ( which is probably more interesting ) i studied machine learning after doing physics and do data science which is basically analytics most of the time and maybe the grass is always greener but i enjoy programming a lot . 
  are you willing to move though ? 
  i moved from the uk to spain to work for a multinational and it can be tough but i think it can really help your career . 
  he 's much better than cruz ( who is truly terrifying ) and could be better than clinton - at least the establishment do n't get their candidate that way . 
  especially as it seems clinton is going to beat sanders because of the superdelegates ( yay , democracy at work ! ), 
  i guess there will be downtime and i can play windowed ( it should run okay as i have a r9 290 and i5-4590 ) so i can look at the wiki and stuff so i do n't suck too hard . 
  i 've always been more of a ck2 guy though . 
  although i loved the pops system in vicky so i am extremely excited for stellaris .
