  it 's just people who have never had to deal with them . 
  living in england i 've seen the irish travellers ( they used to camp near my school which was n't the greatest school in the area ) and their kids would occasionally briefly attend . 
  they were just criminal scum , and during their stay many of my friends who were unfortunate enough to live nearer the gypsy camp were mugged etc. 
  then when i lived in germany i saw the roma gypsies , and it was just the same shit - except they also begged as well as committing crime . 
  the americans do n't have to deal with them so they romanticise them and then like to look down on the racist ways of the ` old world ' that they have so progressively left behind and likewise many privileged bleeding-heart types who have no experience with them but live in europe feel the same way . 
  you also have some of the ` alternative lifestyle ' and fashionable anarchist lot sympathising with them - but they 'll jump at any chance to cry fascism . 
  once again the american media wants to pretend that europe is really racist towards gypsies and so invents various racist reasons for their predicament rather than just accepting the fact that the gypsies make their own problems by refusing to contribute to society and making a living via crime and other shady activities . 
  huh ? 
  i live in england and most shops are open quite late , many 24/7 nowadays especially asda and the like . 
  i spent some summers in germany and the contrast is huge . 
  england is nothing like it really - we still have some restricted hours but over there it really is dead . 
  i was n't part of erasmus but i had two internships in germany with the daad . 
  they were pretty awesome and it was nice to see europe as being from the uk we do n't get much exposure to european culture etc. 
  as we have so much from america . 
  that said all the european youth are really american :p it made me much more confident about working abroad too , i 'd definitely consider moving to germany for work and a more mobile workforce helps us all in the end . 
  i hope europe can stay together through the crises we face - i want to have my dream of retiring in the sunshine by the neckar :p, 
  more narrow i presume , it 's not like we have many alien races to compare humanity with :p, 
  you should read debt : the first 5000 years by david graeber , it 's pretty awesome . 
  the last zeitgeist film is pretty good , zeitgeist : moving forward , only the last one mind - the others are n't so good . 
  i did that one without emphasis . 
  [ my results . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aqmkx.png ) that test seems less biased and more details . 
  i 'm much more left but not as fascist :p, 
  join us for your re-education , comrade :p, 
  anarchist spain ? 
  but currently , probably not :p, 
  on the website they say it 's because when they tried it with that people would just use neutral for loads of them and it was made it difficult to determine positions so they 'd rather force people into making a decision one way or another . 
  i can kind of see their point but yeah it does seem stupid for some questions and makes it difficult for centrists . 
  yeah , i was joking because you are still obviously fairly left-wing , yet you have one of the most right-wing and not the most authoritarian , but one of the more authoritarian views so far . 
  which demonstrates how skewed it is :p, 
  fascist !, 
  :p yeah , the compass does seem somewhat skewed ... 
  yeah , that was the same for me , i thought i 'd be left-authoritarian , but then i oppose things like the war on drugs , religion , pro-life etc. 
  which i guess more than compensates . 
  i do n't see why cultural relativism is a ` liberal ' position though ? 
  as if i hold the rights of the individual to be supreme then surely a woman should be free to dress as she pleases regardless of where she happened to be born and so forth . 
  as mlk said , to allow injustice anywhere is to allow injustice everywhere . 
  so yeah to me cultural relativism does n't seem like a liberal/conservative or left/right position . 
  just a retarded one . 
  but then i 'm not a cultural relativist . 
  yeah , we were aware that it was n't perfect :p, 
  i do n't know the consensus on / r/unitedkingdom was that if anything it was biased the other way , it would make people seem more left-wing than they thought . 
  which would require the centre to be quite neoconservative . 
  i do n't think anyone would argue that we are in a situation at the moment where there is a global neoconservative/neoliberal hegemony . 
  indeed the almost uniform response to the financial crisis seems to demonstrate such . 
  there is a huge wealth inequality between the american states as well , compare the gdp of new york , or california with that of mississippi for example , and yet they do n't mount civil war . 
  but the eurozone makes a good market for germany 's products . 
  i study physics not economics so i 'm not an expert but i thought that the fact that the eurozone was fixed to the euro made it more advantageous for them to import from germany than it would otherwise be . 
  ( but i could be wrong ), 
   that 's what they told us when we were forced to give up the dm , and look where it has led us . 
  to being one of the most successful export economies in the world ? 
  there are problems with the eu , mainly with the lack of accountability , and the extreme power of the ecb and the imf to dictate policies to a democratic state . 
  but these problems can be solved in a federal europe - if we turn away from federalism then we will become little more than second-world nations competing for business with increasingly generous tax regimes and labour regulations . 
  nationalism will bring us only poverty . 
  i do n't think anyone worth listening to seriously still blames the german people for the actions of a brutal military dictatorship eighty years ago which did n't represent the people then and certainly does n't now . 
  european federalism , and improving infrastructure across europe so that all of europe can be productive is the only way to continue to improve our standard of living and increase prosperity and compete with such large superpowers as the usa and china and india and the south american states ( who are also increasing unifying ) . 
  the initial investment might be painful but it is for the best . 
  indeed - nowadays we are all americans !, 
  umm ... what ? 
  the uk has a large number of immigrants from all over the commonwealth since the 1950 's - we have n't ethnically cleansed any of them yet seem to get along fine . 
  he lied about his income though - i 'd have had him imprisoned for perjury . 
  ( not a long sentence , but enough to serve as an example for others - you do n't want people thinking they can lie in court and get off lightly ), 
  american trolls aside - what is to be done ? 
  in the uk we have problems both with roma , but more commonly with irish gypsies . 
  yeah true - i wish we had proportional fines in the uk . 
  but i would n't want people to be able to be prosecuted for off-hand insults . 
  yeah true , he was wealthy , and he misled the judge but at the end of the day he just called someone an arsehole . 
  is that really deserving of such a punishment ? 
  although he should really count himself lucky he is n't imprisoned for perjury . 
  i was n't aware germany had such strict laws about speech ? 
  well he 's left of sarkozy sure , but that 's what i mean , the whole thing is relative so it makes no sense to decry someone for being ` leftist ' . 
  how do you decide the scale for leftist ? 
  obama is left of the republicans but they are so far right-wing he could still be considered right of centre . 
  equally , i 'd say m\u00e9lenchon was the leftist , not hollande . 
  because there can often be a larger genetic variation between people geographically near each other ( i.e. 
  countrymen ) than between people further away ( i.e. 
  foreigners ) furthermore , most social science research ( which whilst i admit is nowhere near as scientifically rigorous as my own subject of physics is still the best approximation we have ) points towards ` nurture ' having a greater effect than genetics , and then there is the field of epigenetics etc. 
  too . 
  but there is more genetic diversity within africa than there is between all human groups which left africa as one would expect from the recent african origin theory . 
  the science just does n't support such xenophobic conclusions . 
  indeed , it seems the financiers have succeeded where even the fascists failed . 
  the ratings agencies scaremonger entire nation states into acting as they dictate , and if they refuse then the imf and the world bank/ecb are parachuted in , the government replaced and the desired neo-liberal policies enacted anyway . 
  i disagree , as einstein ( himself an avowed socialist ) said , `` we ca n't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them . '', 
  look at the uk where all three main candidates are virtually identical when it comes to economic issues ( which are ultimately what really matter , i mean i 'm more worried about being able to get a job and have decent healthcare , education etc. 
  than whether we call it civil partnership or marriage ) . 
  perhaps if we had real choice and an electoral system where that choice can be recognised rather than the fptp nightmare where our policies are dictated by a few swing voters in marginal constituencies then we could actually try to solve some of the crises that we face rather than pretending they do n't exist whilst groups like the edl grow stronger from people 's desperation . 
  actually , [ to each according to his contribution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/to_each_according_to_his_contribution ) . 
  people are just fed up of exploitative landlords , irresponsible bankers and greedy executives ( voting each others salaries up via incestuous remuneration committees ) feeding on the livelihoods of hard-working citizens . 
  there are of course a very small minority of people who just sit on welfare etc. 
  but such lumpen-proletariat should be just as forced to work as everyone else . 
  it 's not quite as simple as this as sarkozy also has the disadvantage of being the incumbent so he ca n't claim to enact some radical change as people will just assume if he was going to do so he would have done it and expect more of the same . 
  furthermore , sarkozy has a reputation of being extremely cozy with the rich which some of the right-wingers also dislike ( although not as much as the left ) so they still might not support him . 
  whilst they probably would n't vote for hollande , they might just not vote and then hollande stands more of a chance . 
  maybe that 's because that is what the people actually want ? 
  also economics is hardly an exact science like physics so attacking everyone who is n't another neo-liberal lapdog as economically naive simply because you disagree with them is n't a strong stance to take . 
  but i do n't even understand why banning the nazis from tv would help . 
  if they are actually popular then people will join them regardless until the causes of their popularity are addressed and things like banning them and stuff like this might just enhance their popularity . 
  if they are n't popular then it will just expose them for the hateful nutjobs they are and there is nothing to fear . 
  yeah - that makes a lot of sense to be honest . 
  but it 's still fun to claim it 's the vast extravagance of the capitalist pig-dogs :p,
