  i do n't understand ... you realise that islamic fundamentalism is a major power and the jihadis act around the world in support of one another from al-qaeda/taliban in waziristan and the arab peninsula to al-shabaab in somalia and africa . 
  it 's less of a threat to europe than russian expansionism or the chinese as they do n't have nuclear weapons , but the chinese seem peaceful at the moment , and other than the blip with the crimea which seems resolved the russians are okay as well ( unless they invade ukraine next week and i look like an idiot ) . 
  pakistan was at the top of the economist 's political instability index at one point , previous holders include libya etc. 
  if pakistan 's nuclear weapons fall into the hands of fundamentalists the damage could be unthinkable . 
  the resistance forces in iraq are n't pro-saddam . 
  they are islamic jihadis similar to al-qaeda and the taliban . 
  i do n't know their exact groupings but it 's not as bad a confusions as you are implying . 
  ouch that 's crazy . 
  and each lost region becomes another waziristan or somalia . 
  but we ca n't keep fighting - that 's why we need to fight smarter , not harder . 
  i just do n't see how we can lose - we can use modern surveillance satellites to identify their logistics and destroy them - how can they keep fighting ? 
  i think it 's important to hold baghdad and actually turn it into a viable city so people see the benefits of abandoning the taliban . 
  otherwise they may feel that a better future awaits them as a rogue state . 
  in vietnam they took saigon . 
  iraq is still pro-west . 
  besides iran is more moderate now . 
  you just use the carrot and the stick offering opportunities and punishing otherwise - most of the time the carrot is more important - military action should be the last resort . 
  but drones are interesting as they can be used to stop insurgency tactics as well . 
  also it 's worth noting that most of the us military ` failures ' in afghanistan and somalia etc. 
  have been due to the strict rules of engagement that require extremely surgical military operations . 
  if we just used the predators to destroy any suspected enemies we would n't have half the trouble but obviously that 's not acceptable in modern warfare . 
  the us did n't lose . 
  you can just bomb them into the mountains and starve them out . 
  at the moment it 's a resistance movement . 
  the taliban are running scared in the mountains . 
  the afghani government is pro-west as is the iraqi won . 
  even resistance movements do n't stand a chance against drones that can hunt them indefinitely and modern surveillance methods that can prevent arms shipments . 
  the us lost vietnam . 
  they did n't lose iraq or afghanistan . 
  this is the completely wrong direction to move towards . 
  we want to invest in drone technology and satellites etc. 
  that allow us to fight more efficiently and effectively with minimal war exhaustion . 
  our ` pax americana ' in the west has been founded upon [ perpetual warfare ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_united_states_military_operations ) . 
  as the usa is becoming increasingly isolationist we must be able to defend european interests . 
  therefore the development of a federal european military force founded on the latest technologies to make it cheap and politically popular ( conscription is the opposite of this ) is the best way forward . 
  i agree - i do n't like that system . 
  but that 's the reality of the situation at the moment so it 's kind of irritating to see people complain about immigrants who are just trying to get on with their lives and often benefit a lot . 
  but the economy is always getting more and more efficient , and as it does so more and more people are ` surplus to requirement ' so it 'll eventually force us to change the system - hopefully for the better . 
   and even the economic ones are mostly debates about immigrants who do n't work , not complaints about immigrants who do work . 
  do n't worry - here in the uk they complain about both . 
  the uncomfortable fact is that if we lived in a truly globalised world many native citizens of developed nations are simply not productive enough to afford to live there . 
  in a truly level playing field they would be in the sweatshops of malaysia or breaking ships in india . 
  even the pitiful existence such economically unviable people lead ( often on welfare or poorly paid work ) is far better than what they would face in a world where men were free to choose where they lived and worked . 
  and so they attack immigrants to maintain their privileged position without thinking that maybe if they grow up in one of the most developed nations in the world and yet can be out-competed by those from some of the worst - perhaps the problem lies with them ? 
  well , it 's good for danish employers , bad for the employees if the surplus workforce drives your wages down , good if you are in a sector that is n't affected so your economy prospers more without the massive individual hit . 
   if you did n't find your one true love during your college years , getting involved in a serious relationship is suddenly much less likely to happen . 
  i guess i should get used to solitude then :(, 
  it 's just more convenient as well though , i moved from near london to edinburgh , and now for most flights to europe etc. 
  to see my brother or go on holiday - i have to go via london . 
  having large population centres is easier for transport hubs and is just plain more efficient . 
  i just do n't get it - i can understand concern about coercion by pimps but legalisation and regulation is the way to stop that !, 
  but then i really do n't understand why some people seem to long to control the lives of others even when it does n't affect them . 
  my philosophy can basically be summed up as :  ` i 'm the one that 's got to die when it 's time for me to die , so let me live my life the way i want to . ', 
  this is true - i was offered a phd place in plasma physics working on mast and jet ( to help for iter ) but decided to switch to computational neuroscience as after talking with the researchers it is essentially an engineering problem . 
  an interesting thing would be if they switch from the tokamak design to the stellarator ( which the germans are fond of , given their continuing work on wendelstein ) given that the plasma current is obsolete nowadays due to modern injection heating methods and just makes unnecessary instability . 
  but the stellarator would take it even more into the realm of engineering ... china and korea etc. 
  build tokamaks much faster than we do in europe and are members of the iter project . 
  someone will fund it somewhere . 
  it will get done . 
  yeah - early morning on the weekends is the best , it 's the only time it 's really quiet in january . 
  it 's weird i 've never seen this ... 
  i guess i should count myself lucky , but it 's such a meme that i assume it must be common . 
  yeah , but as the community is smaller it is more close knit and there are events and stuff . 
  it 's a nice size between so large that no-one cares and so small it 's like a dozen dudes ... 
  haha , how different is swiss-german to hochdeutsch ? 
  but yeah , i mumble so much i can barely speak english and i do n't speak any other languages really ... hopefully we can communicate purely by eeg waves one day :p, 
  i want to master german so i can read remarque 's im westen nichts neues auf deutsch . 
  but spanish would be nice to learn as it makes for better holidays :p, 
  i can speak a little esperanto so i 'm biased - but it has more of a community than many other constructed languages . 
  lojban strikes me as completely ridiculous for example . 
  i 'd just get everyone to learn english and possibly mandarin realistically though . 
  what is ido ? 
  why not esperanto ( which is similar to native european languages ) ? 
  nah , the un will come back inconclusive and then the us will ready themselves to go in anyway saying they have strong evidence ( perhaps even producing some ? 
  remember the kuwaiti girl before the first gulf war ? ), 
  and then miliband will say that the recent developments have made the case for liberal intervention and we 'll be off to war . 
  the arms companies will make a fortune and we 'll be dealing with the political repercussions and budget burden for years . 
  as for the syrians it means there 'll be a few more bombs going off and maybe they 'll get the fun of living under al-qaeda 's mates ... 
  not to be confused with '50 first dates ' ... 
  germany often seems to be used as an example of a brilliant economy , but this shows it might not be so brilliant after all . 
  why should we subsidise practices which are technologically obsolete just to keep the unskilled in work ? 
  they all had opportunities to get an education and learn a skill - germany has one of the greatest educational systems in the world . 
  and they refused to do so . 
  should we ban refrigerators so the men who deliver ice are n't put out of work as well ? 
  this is simply luddites defending the feckless ... 
  you may call him a dreamer , but he 's not the only one ... 
  young people normally hold extreme political views though - the libertarian or communist student is a trope . 
  i think real life will wear most of them down . 
  health insurance is covered by the nhs . 
  transportation would come out of the 40 quid but you 'd be insane to run a car on that ... 
  it 's worrying that someone smart enough to develop on c++ can end up in that scenario . 
  no , the number out of work is actually far higher as : unemployment ! = ( 1-employment rate ), 
  perhaps - but then is it right that so much land lies unused , or is used merely for the benefit of a tiny few whilst so many go without ? 
  i have far more sympathy for the tech billionaires who worked for their wealth than for landlords who simply rely on the brutality of the state to enforce their property rights over vast amounts of the world 's resources . 
  true - but surely there is a distinction between personal property that is used - like someones house , their possessions etc. 
  and owning vast tracts of land , mineral rights , utilities etc. 
  and just deriving income from them without labour . 
  it 's worth noting that smith and ricardo were not fond of such rentier capitalists either . 
  but by what right do people own huge amounts of land ? 
  the mondragon corporation is pretty interesting too to see that there is a real alternative to having a wealthy elite benefit from the work of others and using the unemployed as a weapon to keep them in line .
