the septemberprogramm of wwi called for the `` creation of a mitteleuropa economic association dominated by germany but ostensibly egalitarian '' upon the success of the schlieffen plan . 
  it looks like a century later they finally got it . 
  theresa may really ? 
  holy shit that would be awful . 
  i 'd really want to vote lib dem next election but if may was leader i 'd vote tactically to keep the tories out . 
  we did n't have enough money left over for advertising :p, 
  i did n't say we were better , just that it makes me wary of drifting more towards european rather than american policies ,, 
  shit like this makes me worried about the eu . 
  as in general i support greater integration with europe but it seems on the whole privacy and freedom of speech debate , germany and france are really weird . 
  i much prefer the views of larry page and our american friends there . 
  why is it illegal to write a bad review ? 
  let alone only illegal because it becomes popular ? 
  huh ? 
  what does the king do then ? 
  if they are involved in government it 's not democratic - if they are n't , then they are an expensive figurehead of privilege . 
  yeah , being able to speak foreign languages is good . 
  but that is n't what you said . 
   hell , at least felipe speaks english to any degree __ ( actually has a proper uk public school accent you would expect from that level of society ) __ . 
  which implies that there is some superior ' _ level of society _ ' entitled to rule over the rest of us rather than represent us . 
  exactly - are we a nation or an open air museum ? 
  yes . 
  because for one versailles makes more money - people travel to visit the buildings - it 's not like you get to see the royals anyway . 
  and two he makes the assumption that under a british republic they would keep all of the crown estate ( which is somewhat similar to the land owned by the federal government in the usa ) which is complete nonsense . 
  essentially his whole argument assumes that they have a legitimate right to the properties they hold , which almost all republicans dispute - and so by making that a foundational assumption to his argument makes the whole thing pointless . 
   proper uk public school accent you would expect from that level of society as a brit , this makes me sad ( i 'm from the home counties too , so my accent probably is n't too dissimilar ) but this is the kind of class-based shit we want to get rid of in europe , not celebrate . 
  i hope it 's a troll . 
  or just some 14 year old who thinks monarchy is all traditional and cool and being anti-democracy is so edgy and unique . 
  wait until he 's paying taxes to pay for some entitled fuckwit who happened to crawl out of the right birth canal . 
   but really doe , why do you guys continue to have kings ? 
  are you celebrating the fact that their ancestors used to oppress yours ? 
  fuck knows , most brits seem to love it as well though . 
  i think it 's just modern celebrity worship given the popularity of the royals in the states too . 
  but celebrating archaic hereditary privilege is pretty retarded yeah . 
  so - just because they are wealthy does n't mean we should continue to celebrate hereditary privilege - they have bugger all to do with the economy anyway . 
  yeah , but that 's because the monarchies do fuck all in those countries - we just have them there to celebrate the ` noble tradition ' of hereditary privilege . 
  yeah , i find it so bizarre that the royal family has such support in britain . 
  i do n't give a shit about the tourism - we are a modern nation not an open air museum . 
  i agree with you . 
  protectionism in the labour market will be as damaging as protectionism was in the capital markets - it will harm the economy as a whole . 
  also the workers that move here still have to live and so on - there is no reason why natives ca n't compete , they should even be at an advantage . 
  it is just selfish entitled people placing their own short-term gain above the economic health of the society and the basic freedoms of their fellow man . 
  i mean judges - basically the people that made the decision . 
  they obviously had little understanding of the technology . 
  so it 's defending a dodgy politician , a bad doctor and a child abuser ? 
  good job guys . 
  the judges should have been made to study the pagerank algorithm before voting - i mean how can google even be held responsible - it 's not like they hand-craft the results for each query . 
  i was just offering an alternative explanation i 'd heard elsewhere . 
  i have n't been to spain so i have no idea although i might have to visit a spanish lab soon - it 's a shame youth unemployment is stalking europe so much , especially spain as it 's such a beautiful country . 
   moves back to mom that 's not always a possibility . 
   finds another boyfriend in a few months . 
  this seems to be massively simplifying a complex problem . 
  are they actually jobless ? 
  is n't there a big problem of people claiming to be unemployed and then working cash in hand to avoid tax ? 
   then there is the world of law and order where nations leave each other be and just trade . 
  why do you think they let each other be ? 
  what enforces the law and order ? 
  _ si vis pacem , para bellum _ - let him who desires peace prepare for war . 
  we can not rely on the usa to be the world police force and if the eu does n't build a competent military force then it will be bullied by other superpowers who will . 
  singapore only exists because of the usa - if china wanted to it could just take it over and the growing conflicts in the east china sea are showing this . 
  the problem is that the usa does n't want to play world police anymore and frankly with the rising superpowers it is becoming a more difficult role to play . 
  again sweden is defended by the usa . 
  it 's interests are defended by the usa as are most of europe - that defence is going away . 
  the eu must be able to stand on it 's own two feet and defend it 's own interests . 
  building a strong un would work just as well i agree - in fact i would prefer that , but that 's even more of a pipedream than a strong eu . 
  to build a un that has enough teeth to actually do anything is basically just as difficult a problem as we have with the eu except magnified across the entire planet . 
  the idea that we can retain our standard of living by ` just trading with others ' is hopelessly naive . 
  the world is one of conflict and we must simply ensure we are on the top of the pile - i do n't like it that way but that 's the way it is . 
  historically small isolationist nations just become backward or subjugated . 
  as i said previously many small western states could rely on us defence - going forward that is no longer the case . 
  [ who you should vote for . 
  ] ( https://www.myvote2014.eu/en/your-vote/cast-vote ), 
  haha , i live in scotland , but i am english . 
  i can see why scotland wants to leave but i 'm not convinced it will actually help scotland . 
  and with my family coming from northern ireland , scotland and england having a divided britain just seems strange . 
  because why not have the people vote directly for the meps who then vote for the president , rather than have it elected via heads of state who then elect them and the heads of state are often elected via different means . 
  it 's just weird . 
  i suppose we are still at the early stages of the union so there are some awkward things . 
  ah , well that 's good at least . 
  yeah - but we had a vote on av and rejected it . 
  the people choose barabbas . 
  given that the liberal democrats ( the only party that seems rational and not just greedy or populist ) will never win a majority my hope is simply that brussels can rule instead in a decent manner . 
  i can understand they do n't want to tread on the toes of nationalists . 
  but surely it makes sense to ensure that all the representatives are elected in the same manner ? 
  yeah - i just do n't know how the anti-federalists think this is going to end ? 
  i mean what in 20 years when there is n't a single european state in the g8 , america has become more isolationist and the world is dominated by russia , china , india , brazil and south africa . 
  nafta is moving towards a more unified north america ( and they are pretty unified already ) , likewise with the african congress and the union of south american nations . 
  and yet some persist in the delusion that merrie olde england etc. 
  are going to somehow be able to compete in that environment . 
  ` united we stand , divided we fall ' has never been more apt than in the increasingly uncertain world we face today . 
  true - but i think we need to make the eu less weak and more decisive . 
  american hegemony is declining and other world powers grow stronger . 
  the era of ` pax americana ' is drawing to a close and europe must be able to defend her interests . 
  in the age of globalisation the nation-state is as obsolete as the kingdom and the duchy were in the industrial era . 
  other regions have merged to form continental blocs and superpowers and if we are slow to do so due to internal bickering we will only weaken our position . 
  the eu must be willing and able to act on the new world stage or we will become a diminishing and squabbling old world . 
   this is utterly wrong , very wrong.each member state applies its own electoral process in europarl elections weird . 
  i know we use proportional representation here rather than fptp for european elections i guess i presumed this was an eu requirement . 
  it should be . 
  that sounds nice but does n't really work in the real world . 
  but they are ?
