  i got to meet the paradox ceo through my work and the stuff he said about their future plans was really cool !, 
  i tried playing a few weeks ago and got wrecked playing as the ottomans so i was like wtf they are meant to be the easiest nation ... 
  playing as a major nation is a bit weird as i worry i would n't be able to make all the sessions and then i would be letting everyone down :p, 
  are you also in spain ? 
  i 'm with movistar and the internet is pretty bad but i can play rocket league etc. 
  fine so hopefully it 'll work . 
  i ca n't believe they only have adsl in my part of barcelona - i 'm near the centre too !, 
  i will try to join but it 's been ages since i 've played and i may suck - any recommendations on how to suck less or who to play ( especially if stuff has changed due to dlc/patches ), 
  yeah , i agree with you that the eu is wrong here , they should n't tell turkey to open it 's borders . 
  madame merkel is quite happy to prostitute the people of europe for the sake of her ` legacy ' . 
  how can you know if they lie when they have no documentation etc. 
  though ? 
  see if most of turkey consisted of people like you then i would welcome them to the eu . 
  but erdogan shows that turkey could be an islamist state and we could expect massive migration levels upon acceptance into the eu and that is too much to risk . 
  obviously that sucks for the decent people in turkey . 
  undoubtedly we have a problem with the ` muslim rape gangs ' etc. 
  in the uk . 
  and it is being somewhat ignored . 
  however we also have a problem with chavs and hooligans and they are scum as well . 
  goddamn , i forgot about it again ... hopefully i 'll remember next week !, 
  yeah , it 's crazy . 
  * no gods , no masters . 
  i live in catalu\u00f1a atm , while i do n't know enough about the independence issue to have an opinion on it , the monarchy is clearly an archaic institution as it is in the uk . 
  this is a pretty good point i mean my grandparents grew up in english villages which do n't really exist anymore . 
  like the morris dancing and maypole type - and in the home counties at least the only people living in those villages are stockbrokers now . 
  it does rather appear to be one specific type of male though . 
  i used to live in edinburgh but every time i came down to see my family in england i had no issue using the scottish notes . 
  i live in spain now though and used to live in germany , i 'd much rather see a european superstate . 
   subsidising artists  funding choices have to be made about where to spend money . 
  france is n't immune to economics . 
  and art is a low priority and should be able to fund itself through sales and displays etc. 
  they should just cease funding all of them - if they are popular then they will survive , if not then people should n't be forced to pay for them . 
  if they produce art that people want then surely they can fund themselves ? 
  if they do n't produce art that people want then why should the people be forced to pay for them ? 
  do n't forget the kurds . 
  yeah , i mean in the cold war we had armed b52 's flying overhead etc. 
  that was honestly the first time i 'd heard the term ` new atheism ' . 
  i really ca n't be bothered to argue , it 's obvious that the religious will not change their views , but i do n't see why they should be so accommodated either . 
  there is a problem with islam and i 'd say a problem with religion in general ( i mean northern ireland is still held back by religion and southern ireland is n't much better , the same with many of the conservative continental european nations such as poland etc. ) . 
  but socialism is traditionally atheist - `` no gods , no masters '' after all . 
  what we have a problem with is not socialists , but people who wish to avoid confrontation and conflict at any cost going to great lengths sacrificing the freedom of others to avoid having to confront the religion question . 
  they are no better than the nazi appeasers of the 30 's but they pretend it 's okay because this time the fascists are in burkhas not brownshirts . 
  well actual socialism is about public ownership etc. 
  not tax rates but in any case the tax rates are not that high - in spain it 's around 24 % iirc and it was 20 % basic rate in the uk . 
  you get more benefits per child because you have more children to care for . 
  in the uk at least it actually declines per child ( although you still get more overall ) . 
  as i said unless the state plans on taking the children away and sterilising the parents i do n't really see what can be done - the children are innocent and allowing them to suffer for the actions of their parents is not acceptable . 
  europe is secular and religion should not be in education . 
  the sectarianism that religious schools have caused in ireland has done great harm and the jewish schools have also been very isolating and preached strange beliefs whilst some christian schools try not to teach evolution or teach against gay rights , abortion etc. 
  obviously as of right now the islamic schools are the largest problem but it makes little sense to just target one religion when all of them are problematic and targeting one in particular will allow them to claim victimhood . 
  new atheism ? 
  and yeah the cofe schools are still pretty bad - we should n't need them . 
  religion has no place in education , period . 
  people just like them in the uk because they are still selective so they can make sure their kids do n't have to meet any of the plebeians etc. 
  i mean it 's only recently gay people have been able to get married ( largely due to religious objections ) and abortion in northern ireland is still insane . 
  i do n't see how it 's ` new atheism ' - atheism is atheism and it means the same now as it did in the enlightenment . 
  to be honest i 'm fed up of the anti-atheism ` neckbeard ' shit . 
  europe is n't ` socialist ' . 
  living on welfare is miserable in almost all european countries ( perhaps it is more forgiving in scandinavia - i do n't know ? ) . 
  if we restricted welfare based on the number of children then more children would simply suffer and they are entirely innocent - the parents are essentially holding the state to ransom over the welfare of their children . 
  we should ban all religious schools and take a much stronger line against religion in general . 
  i wonder if we 'd include israel and australia . 
  productivity is an economic measure not a personal one - it is much more indicative of which sectors a country is active in ( i.e. 
  high tech services versus agriculture etc. ), 
  than the laziness of workers . 
  productivity in the economic sense has little to do with the everyday meaning of the term . 
  i have a friend who is from lebanon and living in paris . 
  it 's been a really shitty time for her . 
  no , but i have friends who are n't eu citizens and it is a lot harder . 
  it just feels like we gave up a load of opportunities because old people were scared about the bogeyman in the newspapers . 
  when i said i would n't live in ireland i meant it in the sense that i probably would n't live there because i 'm living on the continent . 
  not the sense that i do n't want to live there because it is bad or something . 
  yeah but i looked at the popular vote assuming everyone who did n't vote to stay would have voted to leave ( which is generous ) . 
  i hope sinn fein get their referendum it 'd be nice if it could be an actual secular socialist group like the original vision too . 
  `` freedom 's just another word for nothing left to lose . '', 
  yeah , i lived in edinburgh at the time of the indyref and remember reading about the referendum they had in northern ireland in the 70 's . 
  they thought it would be even less likely to succeed today because although the catholic population has increased , the number of nationalists has decreased and sectarianism is n't as rife . 
  however , as you say now with the clear economic case being on the side of reunification as you say the pragmatic vote is for one ireland . 
  i mean if you 've seen what westminster did to cornwall and wales and most of scotland you 'd be suicidal to vote to stay in the uk . 
  well , yesterday i could work and live wherever i pleased in an entire continent . 
  today that is unclear . 
  that does n't feel like freedom . 
  yeah . 
  honestly as a british person with family from protestant ulster i hope you get it . 
  i live in spain and the vote now means i have to apply for an irish passport to ensure i 'll still be able to work here and possibly in germany etc. 
  in the future . 
  from the plough to the stars . 
  i 'm british with irish grandparents and will definitely get a passport because i live in spain and lived in germany before and want to be able to continue working in europe . 
  i would n't be living in ireland but i 'd pay the citizenship and passport fees . 
  i live in spain now . 
  i 'm not going to get into that ... ) i do n't want to leave . 
  it is paradise here compared with se england . 
  hahaha , this was so perfect . 
  yeah - i used to use firefox , and firefox sync is useful , but given i use so many google services it 's so much easier to use chrome . 
  also chrome can sync with google account to store passwords , bookmarks etc. 
  - that 's the main reason i use it . 
   jesus , you could cook your tea with that hot water . 
  as a student , i once brewed tea using water from the hot tap ... never again . 
  tomorrow is n't just a date , it 's a state of mind , it 's a feeling within us all . 
  whenever a kitten tries to crawl into a box on youtube ... that 's tomorrow ...
