  ugh , yeah - perfidious albion that actually gave them a referendum . 
  and if it 's about the empire , well most of the trading company men were scots anyway - but i guess it 's more feels than facts . 
  well i live in barcelona now and funnily enough lived in edinburgh at the time of the referendum there . 
  i think regardless of your position on the matter - denying people the right to hold a referendum is pretty indefensible . 
  the uk was better than that and spain can be too . 
  yeah - i support a federalised eu with smaller regions than the nations we have at the moment , so scotland , north england , catalonia etc. 
  can all have more autonomy but we still work together via the eu . 
  it 's not , but even if it was i do n't understand why that is n't a valid position . 
  i mean why do n't you give all your public money to starving people in africa that obviously need it so much more than your own citizens ? 
  why ? 
  the uk gave scotland a referendum and gave northern ireland a referendum - both voted to stay . 
  we gave gibraltar a referendum too and the falklands and they too chose to remain in the uk . 
  i live in barcelona now and was there yesterday . 
  catalonia deserves a referendum . 
  let the people choose . 
  [ we 're gon na get one do n't worry ... ] ( http://crossfade.io/#!/4lrduvj81r ), 
  it does n't matter what the root cause is though . 
  the choice is either to let them in or stop them and letting them in is worse for european workers . 
  the west is simply the beacon of civilisation in our current age . 
  this was n't always the case during the dark ages the abbasid caliphate was undeniably more civilised . 
  and the chinese empire was the peak in its time as was the egyptian and ethiopian in their ancient times . 
  but the beacon of civilisation has a duty to not only push the frontier of progress but to spread it across the world . 
  yeah - and i 'm not even a nationalist either . 
  i mean christ , you ask the conservative nationalist types what they think about it and they 'd say it was a shame it ever went away and pretend it was awesome for everyone despite dickens etc. 
  clearly showing it was n't . 
  it 's actually believed the empire cost the average citizen more than it brought in - as maintaining the empire was incredibly costly but the benefits went mostly to shareholders of the trading companies . 
  it was examined in [ mammon and the pursuit of empire ] ( http://www.cambridge.org/us/academic/subjects/history/british-history-after-1450/mammon-and-pursuit-empire-political-economy-british-imperialism-18601912 ) but sadly such actual rigorous study is often disregarded in favour of a feeling that we should all feel guilty and perhaps even pay reparations when in actual fact my ancestors ( as working-class english catholics on one side and working-class protestant ulstermen on the other ) almost certainly did n't benefit , let alone me now . 
  yeah , it was like something from yes , prime minister !, 
  well , yeah . 
  the amerindians mostly died of disease and the real persecution began when the usa was a free state - the colonists had much stronger views on dealing with the natives than the policymakers in westminster . 
  and the aboriginals could have been treated better but i do n't know much about it to be honest . 
  generally the history of the empire focuses on india , the opium wars , napoleon etc. 
  but i think it 's pretty obvious that the world is a better place now than if the empire had n't existed . 
  i mean we spread our values of liberty and rationalism around the world - if you want to see the alternative look at isis etc. 
  huh ? 
  i mean the fee . 
  so it 's not refundable at all . 
  i just pay them for their ` work ' . 
  the deposit on the other hand was like two months - which seemed high , it 's usually a month in the uk but meh . 
  ah fair enough - i was n't sure if they were the same . 
  we do n't have it in the uk though so spain is n't alone in having the less-forgiving system . 
  at the moment interest rates are low in the uk but eventually they will rise and that could be crazy if lots of people are left in negative equity - but it seems unlikely as we have a major housing crisis in the uk so i doubt prices would fall significantly . 
  weird - in the uk the bank sell the house and if it does n't cover the mortgage then you still have to pay ( i.e. 
  negative equity ) or declare bankruptcy which is hard . 
  in the usa as far as i know they have the whole ` foreclosure ' thing where you can just hand the house to the bank and cancel the mortgage ( and the bank are left holding the bag if the value of the property has gone south ) and bankruptcy seems a lot easier over there . 
  also spanish property agents can die in a fire seriously like i just got a years rental contract on my flat in barcelona and the fee was a month 's rent . 
  in england they might ask for a week at most and in scotland it 's illegal to charge the tenant . 
  in the context of the time i think it was probably one of the better things though . 
  i think i would rather have been a subject of the british empire than elsewhere . 
  but of course for most people it did n't matter if you were a slave in the british workhouse or in the free american cotton-fields - your life was going to be pretty shit relative to today . 
  i think the british empire did more good than harm - but you are right that the overlords benefited more than anyone else , i mean the kids working to death in english factories and the workers starving in andover workhouse or slaughtered at peterloo did n't do so well ... 
  but it is important to remember that the british empire was chiefly an empire of commerce - truly a ` nation of shopkeepers ' - we simply did n't have the manpower to hold onto colonial possessions should they revolt and this can be seen in how we lost the usa and had to use indian soldiers to put down the indian mutiny . 
  ( indeed the indian forces made up the vast majority of the empire 's armies ) . 
  so really it was somewhat mutually beneficial to the people in the empire as they could trade freely with the rest of the empire ( in a world much less globalised than today ) and got infrastructure like the civil service , modern universities and technology like railroads and so on . 
  but as i said the british empire really was focused on commerce , not conquest which is n't surprising given it mostly grew out of the trading companies . 
  that makes it a very different beast to other empires that focused more on conquest like japan , russia ( what we know of as russia today was n't always inhabited by the rus people ) etc. 
  we had a referendum on the alternative vote system . 
  the opposition made posters like [ this ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-skjxglptoq0/tw6vxwrtyui/aaaaaaaadoq/zktt-bbalh4/s1600/say%2bno%2bto%2bthe%2balternative%2bvote%2bposter%2bhyde%2btameside.jpg ) . 
  and it failed to pass . 
  yeah , my housemate at uni used to write to them a bit . 
  you 'd get a pretty looking letter back , ca n't say it ever seemed to have much effect versus the party whip though . 
  i think maybe we should have one house using single transferable vote and another using party lists ( we should just accept that political parties are here to stay ) . 
  and maybe that worked in 1700 or whatever when they put in place . 
  but how many people really know their mp now ? 
  populations are such that it is n't possible or feasible for an mp to have such a relationship with their constituents . 
  the country has changed - populations are higher and people want more choice than just tory or labour without having to risk ` wasting ' their vote . 
  our electoral system must reflect these changes . 
  yeah , by far . 
  honestly this is probably _ the _ major issue in uk politics because without it we just do n't have a functioning political system . 
  the problem is the electoral system . 
  we need a form of pr like most of europe has but the problem is that in order to change it you have to win under fptp , and then you are unlikely to want to change it ... 
  i live like 50m away :(, 
  libya is barely a country though - i mean these countries are completely lawless thus why there is such a problem to begin with . 
  it 's not like they are gon na cruise missile any ships we put there . 
  christ , that 's crazy . 
  i do n't understand why we ca n't sink the boats in the ports - then they are empty ... as for the border fences it 's hard to know what to do as the people are pretty desperate so they will run against pretty much anything . 
  i thought it was mostly just for shipping magnates . 
  [ and they do n't seem like very nice chaps ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/19/world/stowaway-crime-scofflaw-ship.html ), 
  haha , i just moved to spain and when i opened my bank account my bank manager asked me if i have accounts in any tax haven countries ( apparently it 's like some legal question as it will be my main account - as a poor uni graduate i can only dream of that being a remote possibility ) ... now i wonder if i should have said yes :p, 
  this is awesome , i was just thinking `` man i wish there was a book on this stuff '' also i read [ a splendid exchange ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2413423.a_splendid_exchange?ac=1 ) about the history of trade ( which is very related with maritime history ) and it is one of the best books i 've ever read so i strongly recommend it . 
  i think that 's actually the greek tax system ;p, 
  he could have saved greece with a digital hat based economy , just sayin ', 
  they use the term ` brocialist ' as an insult ( if you dare bring up wealth inequality or class relations - because they are mostly privileged rich kids ) . 
  they are hardly left in the traditional sense . 
  i do n't think the iww had a safe space . 
  i can not believe this . 
  the man is a psychopathic terrorist and gets rewarded with a standard of living that most people in the world - hell , most people in europe , can only dream of . 
  if he really wanted to fight islam he should have gone to fight isis or something instead of slaughtering defenceless children . 
  hopefully the scum would destroy each other . 
  oh - i was n't sure if people abroad thought the snp was like hardcore leftists or something, 
  lol wtf - why would it be tried in scotland ? 
  he made a coup ( a legal one via the enabling act ) after being _ appointed _ not elected . 
  no he was n't . 
  he was appointed by hindenburg and von papen . 
  nsdap was actually losing ground to the kpd prior to his appointment and the fear of communist victory was one of the reasons they agreed to appoint him . 
  i did n't say it did . 
  but it is also wrong to imply that greece somehow did n't benefit from the bailout . 
  but greece still benefited from the investment of those banks and then did n't have to pay it back . 
  i did n't even know the romanichal existed . 
  honestly it 's not a prejudice that matters because it 's based on behaviour not race - i would struggle to distinguish a roma or an irish traveller from any number of other ethnicities .
