  it 's now practically a nationwide manhunt . . and i can tell you it 's been talked about everywhere . 
  mostly along not so nice lines about what should be done to him, 
  they are probably already being spied on, 
  on the authority of law, 
  why does n't he tell then to have a good wank and forget all that shit ? 
  what are you even talking about . 
  renzi lost against a coalition of all sides because he wanted practically dictatorial powers for the president , and then stupidly made his future depend on that referendum . 
  well they guys screaming `` throw everyone out who does n't have german ancestors 88 generations back '' probably are n't, 
  sure you are , pudding, 
  they literally did the same thing to ukraine first . 
  you 'd have to be mentally challenged to not get suspicious after they start doing what started that thing to other states , too . 
  and even if the end plan is not invasion but ` just ' destabilization and public unrest , this is fucking enough already . 
  a cyber-attack or propaganda-warfare through satellite groups could easily be seen as preparation for war . 
  and then a ` secretly ' raised defense budget ? 
  destabilizing other states and buying more weapons , what does that look like to you ? 
  a good neighbor ? 
  nice projection you got going there, 
  i do n't get my news from reddit either dude . 
  you might check up how well received russia is with its neighbors . 
  hint : the closer to russia a country is , the more they hate russia . 
  if you meet an asshole a day , it 's an asshole if you meet nothing but assholes all day ... 
  it might be you . 
  same thing here . 
  if everyone has a problem with russia , how about stopping for a bit and asking ... `` maybe it 's . . 
  them ? '', 
  eh , germany has pretty damn good satire already . 
  but why not, 
  i do n't even have a facebook account dude , social media can go die . 
  russia will encroach further and further . 
  they will try grabbing whatever they can . 
  finland is also not in nato , so i guess it 's okay if they grab it ? 
  russia invaded part of a sovereign nation after an information warfare and support of separatists - campaign , exactly the type of campaign they are waging in * all of europe * right now , and you expect others to ** not ** see this as preparing for an attack ? 
  jesus , either you 're blind , or do n't look on purpose, 
  well , russia is the side currently wagon an information and propaganda war . 
  i get that they want to destabilize their `` enemies '' , but they are really , really not thinking this through enough . 
  what would you rather have at your border - a unified eu that discusses things and works economically ? 
  or a europe `` unified '' by fascism , an ideology that ended up taking russia in its sights , even when it seemed unbelievable to them ? 
  in short , destabilizing a unified europe is at best a short term gain , and by supporting fascist parties it might end up as exactly what russia often accused its enemies of being ; a fascist dictatorship bent on destroying russia . 
  they will end up creating exactly what they fear the most, 
  it 's pretty cheap paying trolls , actually . 
  everyone does , but mostly for marketing . 
  which is n't * good * , but better than using it to destabilize states, 
  lmao , no i am paid 600 $ per post by ctr to shill for our new gottkanzler , get your tinfoil facts right !, 
  as russia , i wonder why they are re-activing thousands of old tanks and diverting not-so-secret funds to defense black budgets probably because they 're a fascist regime , and fascist regimes only have one course of attack to go once they consolidate power on the inside - the outside . 
  no , the racists , on purpose , starting campaigns to influence online discussions , paid by repressive outside governments to destabilize their own countries , that is the reason online discussion is where it is at the moment . 
  many of the alt right parties are basically paid to be a traitors to their own countries and then they have the * fucking gall * to call others traitors ? 
  despicable worms , either too blind , too stupid , or both , the whole lot of them, 
  dude , it 's all just code because he 's brown, 
  ah yes , feelings , not facts, 
  surely there is no threat when russian trolls stir shit and russia raises defense spending massively . 
  we all know that the best course of action in the face of threat is closing your eyes and singing loudly , not grabbing a stick to defend yourself, 
  if i am part of a family and contributed to that success , maybe . 
  exactly . 
  why be proud for something not of your own doing ? 
  i love the idea of europe , but i ca n't be proud of something i did n't do myself, 
  `` identit\u00e4re bewegung '' are 100 % nazis , only they look like hipsters to grab some `` cool kids '' they 're like the youth pastor pretending to play halo , or the imam pretending to know what the youth wants . 
  predators on youth, 
  they are `` identit\u00e4re bewegung '' , they are nothing but nazis that look like hipsters to get some `` cool points '' for the youth . 
  they are the pseudo cool youth pastors of the nazi world, 
  they are nazis . 
  nazis never lie . 
  the bribes are a lie thought up by the nazis to look better, 
  you 're literally quoting a nazi on what supposedly happened , dude . 
  it 's a lie, 
  her force field is up, 
  putin does n't give a shit about gays , he just uses them as a scapegoat to unify people under him more . 
  looks hole to me, 
  horrible . . 
  apparently old people , so they could n't get out fast . 
  yeah ... 
  if they tone down the internet fuckery a bit , i might even vote for them this time around . 
  and alive , contrary to north korean practice, 
  fucking fascists, 
  if it walks , talks and acts like a nazi , it is a nazi . 
  so do i , my nazi friend, 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's propagation of nazi ideas , disguised as protecting people/won ' t somebody think about the kids ! / they took our wimmin !, 
  typical english goalie , really, 
  do you mean an elected government ? 
  it 's not protection of '' a people '' you 're propagating - it 's protection of your idea of blut and boden . 
  if the people are fine , have perspectives and peace , no one gives a flying shit about nazi ideals . 
  but like a disease , fascism usually attacks weakened states and can overwhelm them, 
  ah yes , the so called `` guilt cult '' yet another nazispeak term , 
  do you think nazis started a war out of thin air ? 
  or was it a long way plastered with ever changing societal norms ? 
  he is using the same rhetoric as nazis . 
  and the only good nazi is where hitler is . 
   what core nazi policies ??? 
    you seriously think the protection of your people was some crazy idea that existed in the world only between 1933 and 1945 ? 
    were bismarck , napoleon , churchill or pretty much every significant military figure before the 19th-early 20th century a nazi ? 
   he says  however , the more and more i see this `` suicide '' , `` replacement '' or `` invasion '' in action the more i feel i 've been duped . 
  this is core nazi ideology , something current neo nazis like to call ' \u00dcberfremdung ' . 
  as if somehow you 're a worse human because your parents came from elsewhere , and do n't have the full potential of anyone else . 
  all , again , said with a fake account , so no one can see he was n't really ` changed ' , but like this for a long time . 
  classic strategy , act like you 're part of a group , in this case moderates , then say you 've changed to extremist positions , so they consider changing as well . 
  he 's literally using nazi ideology , i just gave it the proper term . 
  are you seriously saying advocating core nazi policies does n't make you a nazi ? 
  if so , ridiculous . 
  he 's not talking about protecting them . 
  he 's talking about preventing them from ever changing .
