  why did they stop posting for months after saying they would post damming information about russia and then never got back to that ? 
  because russia got to them, 
  go home , throwaway, 
  you guys really need to work on your timers . 
  responses to anything putin usually happen like clockwork , it 's too obvious, 
  go shill somewhere else , towarish, 
  trump is at least putin 's useful idiot . . additionally , he 's appointing people extremely friendly to russia or even investing billions in russia . 
  i 'm sorry , the thing could n't be more clear . 
  russia won the cold war in overtime, 
  lmao . 
  putin himself said that `` they helped a bit '' . 
  trump is basically parroting putin verbatim , too . 
  there could be a video of trump sucking putin off while going '' yes * slurp * my master * glorb * i 'll do as you want * swallow * '' and you guys would be saying how this demonstrates american strength, 
  '' \u00dcble nachrede '' is in german criminal code , dude . 
  if someone had called the guy a `` cop pig '' while he was active , he would have sued him the same . 
  so toughen up , weenies nothing to say of the fact that this is , again , the same shit you guys always try pulling `` a ) is bad bbbbut b ) is also bad !, 
  both sides are the same '' sod . 
  off . 
  nah , there was no proper dealing with fascism in eastern germany it was simply declared that they were on the side of the victors , and thus there was no possibility of fascism in glorious communism . 
  and the guy responsible is influencing the next american president gg america, 
  yeah ... you 're never going to stop all of it , only by draining the situation that causes it . 
  it was russian oligarchs who stole it all . 
  and you know who 's stealing the most right now ? 
  putin himself . 
  he 's supposed to have private accounts in the 200 billion dollar range , he 's been robbing the country for years, 
  god damn , saudi arabia is such a pest upon the world . 
  good, 
  i was talking about you the whole time , dude , 
  what second part ? 
  the one where you made up things i did n't say to attack me with things that are n't true ? 
  i love germany , i love german things , i have a flag ( several in multiple sizes even ) and i feel that germany is a net force for good in the world currently . 
  so , have any real points ? 
  no , i was n't talking about flag waving . 
  i was talking about cutting up news videos to make them look like something else and trying to force those cut up videos into discussion . 
  i was taking about ** you ** i like the german flag and wave it proudly on occasion . 
  do n't give me fucking godwin 's law . 
  fascism is fascism , and i will call it like that and fight against it wehret den anf\u00e4ngen, 
  yeah , watch the whole video you transparent demagogue, 
  lmfao that video cuts away mid-word as she is talking to someone and by chance has a strange facial expression . 
  that 's the lowest form of nazi chain mail , sorry dude, 
  lmao , that video is the new naziboner ? 
  weak . 
  a chancellor should n't be waving around tiny flags like at a fucking soccer game, 
  we just do n't get angry too easily . 
  just leave the truck at home !, 
  and again ... 
  this exact same thing was said about hitler and his nsdap . 
  that they would be tempered by responsibility . 
  that they would become `` normal '' after they had to work the system . 
  anyone that falls for this again has no excuse fascism does n't work the system . 
  it destroys it for its own ends - first , all `` inner enemies '' , then all `` outer enemies '' and neither of those will ever stop coming . 
  so it ends in war and mass murder through whatever means , like concentration camps, 
  lmao . 
  what a great site . 
  it 's satire , right ? 
  facebook is pretty unpopular in germany , compared . 
  and even the old flag change-a-roo got old fast . 
  weee , that 's a manhunt !, 
  `` a famous band '' ? 
  the best band in the world !, 
  the aim of terrorists is to cause terror , as in fear . 
  it 's kind of in the name, 
  it 's kinda true . . germany 's still racism world champion after all . 
  no one made it that much of a way of life as we did . 
  the love for hardware like cars and gadgets is still very alive in germany , as is the belief in . . harsh solutions to problems . 
  i 'm not afraid that a majority of germany is nazis or anything . 
  but i 'm pretty sure there 's a danger that we might taste of death and destruction and remember how much we like it . 
  edit : which is why the overwhelming reaction is ... stoic . 
  we all expected something to happen , maybe even something big . 
  if this is it , we got off easy . 
  current feeling in germany is a resounding `` meh '' i know someone who basically ran away from the truck ( exaggerated , they ran away because they saw people running away ) , and even that person is pretty calm again right now . 
  the more cynical ones are saying `` well , it was only a question if when , not if , but . . `` just '' 12 people ? 
  they 're weak, 
  lmao , bild could n't have failed in a more clich\u00e9d way if they tried, 
  and believe us germans , * because we tried *, 
  weee , we got ourselves a good old fashioned manhunt !, 
  edit : `` fackeln und mistgabeln '' for all our english friends, 
  i want to take all the shit heads . 
  all of them . 
  all the islamists , all the other religious extremists . 
  all the fascists , all the racists , all the people who are basically the same in that they want to force their way of life on everyone . 
  i want to take them all , put them together under a glass dome to fight it out , and then the victor gets to die alone cut off from the rest of humanity, 
  eh , i do n't agree , sorry . 
  the people in power have the interests of the people in mind , it 's just that there 's a few more than one or two opinions . 
  politics is finding the least shitty compromise . 
  and that 's not a bad thing . 
  there is a different solution than the final solution . 
  the shitty nazi tactic of calling their opponents ` too nice for their own good ' and then saying they are the only choice for the only solution is not even internally consistent . 
  life is mit binary and even in their own deranged and wrong example , there would be a million positions to take in between . 
  nazis and their russian helpers are doing more to destabilize the states of than a 12 year old with a shitty little ` bomb ' that would 've never worked, 
  maximum 1 brown person per hour of tv, 
  she 's beautiful as hell, 
  the neo-nazis ? 
  yep, 
  lmao . . was n't this what pretty much everyone sane was saying , all along ? 
  not enough police : `` bwah bwah , not enough police to protect its citizens '' more police : `` bwah bwah , too much police , why is it even necessary ?!? '', 
  to protect its citizens , duh, 
  `` kill all brown people '' probably, 
  go sod off , kindly . 
  if you call this shit hidden by now , you 're deluded , or lying,
