  i would n't trade it for amerika in a million years . 
  enjoy your freedom *, 
  i can do more than one thing at once . 
  ca n't you ? 
  nice job with `` your an idiot '' . 
  i worry about a huge orange tool at the red button , and i worry about someone ignoring his top secret agencies and ignoring security briefings . 
  face it , the guy 's an idiot, 
  burp, 
  wikileaks had files on trump and chose not to release them . 
  they say `` because they had nothing new '' , but as they chose to withhold information , well never know, 
  i wonder how much shit there was on trump and the rnc but for * some reason * , that never got released . 
  * wonder why *, 
  so , what did she destroy by following the current law and not ignoring it like a despot ? 
  or rather , someone who gets skeletons out of all closets , not just hers, 
  good luck with that . 
  cold does n't even begin to describe angie . 
  lmao . 
  yeah , the communists are the real fascists !, 
  there 's a reason soldiers are usually younger people . 
  indeed . 
  it would be so easy if the nazis were monsters . 
  but they were mostly just people living their lives , and that 's the real thing you need to take away it can happen anywhere , and it will happen anywhere if you 're not vigilant, 
  indeed . 
  britain was mostly a roadblock to european unity . 
  no they 're not . 
  but you ca n't just ignore the power differential either . 
  anonymous online forums are practically completely overrun by sock puppets you can check it by posting anything against a ) monsanto b ) russia c ) trump anywhere , and you 'll get like 5 replies all bashing you no matter the time of day, 
  sorry for following law , then ? 
  well , the final guy might be willing to die . 
  but with chemical attacks , you 'd need qualified people producing it , and even more people getting the material . 
  the more people you involve , the more likely it is someone is n't ready to die for it, 
  fascism is spreading though . 
  people in germany are pretty shocked that everyone is so blind to it, 
  it 's actually a german production , the original is from ndr, 
  i mean . . are you disputing that a minority is always very much more in danger than the minority ? 
  a few % of minority ca n't ever start up rounding up the 90 % majority . 
  the majority on the other hand can , and it has happened before . 
  so yeah , you do actually have to be more careful on one direction than the other . 
  that being said , no religion should have protection of any kind . 
  they 'd also need much more help , and anyone involved would know that their life would practically be ending after this, 
  getting rid of human rights so may can finally enact the constant air surveillance of everyone she 's been having wet dreams about for years now is grounds for ridicule, 
  i mean , right ? 
  the sentence is punishment for the crime . 
  and that 's it . 
  prisoners are still people . 
  and they still should have rights , and should become regular citizens as soon as their punishment is over , to reintegrate them asap, 
  why do you need to get rid of protection of guns rights other than to trample them ? 
  britain was mostly in the eu to slow it down anyways . 
  good riddance . 
  belgium is a very beautify country , have you never been there ? 
  it has great food , amazing beer , wonderful chocolate . 
  now the government is somewhat completely dysfunctional , but the country is so far from dreary . . 
  oh , just those pesky human rights . 
  do n't have to accept facts , either , as we live in a post truth world, 
  itt : americans that get to gobble up whatever rupert murdoch and some macedonian fake news fuckers spew talking about `` free press '' case in point : https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5kpiw1/nearly_50_of_donald_trump_voters_believe_hillary/, 
  go and link those sources , dude . 
  journalists are among the freest on earth in germany, 
  you mean the days that lead to the biggest change in german law since ww2 ? 
  the ones being talked about daily , everywhere ? 
  the ones where 1500 more police are now in place ? 
  those `` censored '' happenings , yeah , do you mean those ? 
  nah , calling nazis nazis is a-ok . we germans are allowed to do that, 
  there will be no authorization . 
  there will be at most be a legal process where you can get sued for fake news - and if it 's not fake news , you got no problems . 
  the god damn fake news companies in macedonia and the like can go die for all i care, 
  sweden ! = germany . 
  german policy is usually to not disclose much about suspects . 
  but they are doing just that right now so neo nazi fucks ca n't go `` oh the muslims are protected !, 
  ! 1 '' just because everyone is protected . 
  that 's was one of the news shows ( albeit a major one ) , and they got heavy criticism for it . 
  i trust german news and the german state more than i do russian propaganda made specifically to destabilize their regional adversary . 
  and you are calling me stupid for that ? 
  yeah , totally stupid not to trust your geopolitical adversary , and you 're no sock puppet , surely, 
  where does your family live that it 's supposedly so bad ? 
  i have family in pretty much all of germany but the deepest east germany, 
  i want reality to decide what facts are . 
  plus , there has clearly been an influx of deliberate fake news in the past few years , for whatever reason, 
  yeah , sorry , i do n't believe a word rt writes . 
  they follow party line directly . 
  ard , zdf and the other \u00f6ffentlich-rechtlichen are clearly even close to being as controlled , since they often enough disclose shit the german state does and lead to a ton of problems for it . 
  germany still has some investigative journalism , not just state propaganda or `` news '' companies that only live for clicks, 
  i actually live in germany and part of my family is in police , dude . 
  it 's not even nearly as bad as storm front , err , the neo-nazis , errr , the * alt right * want you to believe . 
  and what happened is talked about , it 's not censored , and there are solutions being sought to those problems recognized . 
  in short , as always the shit-stirring nazis are adding most of the shit themselves, 
  yeah , which is why germany has pretty independent public news stations that have the explicit job to inform the populace, 
  and this right here is an example of fake news influencing people . 
  tell me , do you `` know someone '' who told you that it 's totally happening ? 
  did that person `` hear it from a good friend in police '' ? 
  the facts decide what 's fake or not . 
  500k $ in $ texas, 
  good . 
  it 's completely true , and they even admitted it in their reddit ama , dude, 
  nope . 
  they had extensive files and emails on trump and the rnc and chose to not release them . 
  they admitted so , and they admitted to curating the things they released . 
  to convey the message they wanted . 
  go scream at someone else , dude . 
  fact is that wikileaks had tons of stuff about trump and the rnc and chose to not release it . 
  why ?
