  it 's about one side , out of nowhere , sabre tarleton rattling so hard putin 's erection reaches london, 
  your playbook is showing, 
  you mean other than massive financial help for ukip ? 
  lmao , yeah , like a colossus of mutually beneficial partnership . 
  horrible !, 
  better destroy it all and listen to moscow . 
  and the best , so many fucking retards even fell for that, 
  russia now extends over the uk and the us, 
  nice, 
  he 's still right . 
  either europe unites , or it will be left in the dust of history, 
  do you think they would ever release something like that about russia ? 
  or do you think they would n't , because russia would just kill them all ? 
  ` sex ' , as in rape, 
  lmao . 
  propaganda , meanwhile trump is paying underage whores to piss on him , and putin kills anyone who even looks at him funny because any criticism might make his strongman persons crumble . 
  merkel is ten times the person either of them are, 
  well at least germany has some connection to nazis . . 
  no one ` wins ' ww3 but the cockroaches, 
  he 's probably trying the old neofascist shtick of `` oh you took in foreigners who will take over the world because they are so strong although we are of course the master race ( ??? ), 
  and the only thing that can save us is the one ideology that is proven to lead to disaster and world war , fascism !, 
  russia should really remember what happened the last time fascism burnt through europe . 
  i think they call it `` the lost generation '', 
  well , yeah . 
  russia wants europe to fall apart , and at best fight each other , so they can gather the scraps . 
  collaborators like le pen want to help him with that . 
  nice , might buy it for the cover alone, 
  you have no clue that you 're tasking about, 
  shit , googled the wrong link, 
  ~ ~ http://www.rense.com/general37/char.htm~~ googled the wrong link from memory . . 
  here 's a better one http://www.nybooks.com/articles/1995/06/22/ur-fascism/, 
  not everyone is a nazi , but if you 're doing it 99.9 % like a nazi . . you might be one !, 
  so , you are arguing that `` national socialism '' as coined by the national socialist parties so far is not bad ? 
  despite all the evidence where it leads to ? 
  you do n't simply disagree , you call everything that truthfully supports him communism - which is usual nazis tactics , seriously . 
  do you have any education about hitler 's rise to power in school ? 
  lmao , dude . 
  you forgot the `` national '' part of the nationalsozialismus, 
  i never thought i 'd see a pole arguing for german fascism , but there it is . 
  germans are a bit resistant to right wing populism , like there was something . . maybe poland remembers it ? 
  like seriously , i thought it must be a joke, 
  well , the way , way , far off goal is , i hope , a united humanity . 
  so we need to stick up for each other, 
  she 's a literal , true fascist , and the party was founded by a fascist . 
  the front national is as close to honest to hitler fascism you can probably get , as you can trace their lineage to ww2, 
  to me he looks like nikolas tessler , famous german inventor of the beer pipeline, 
  it 's only at official functions of the ministry of ecology , so the whole pseudo outrage is pretty damn useless, 
  like ... 30 % of the people in the company i work at have immigrant roots , but it 's been a few decades , and . . 
  they 're about as german as they can get in all but looks and last name, 
  it 's only at gatherings by the ministry for ecology , chill, 
  this is a blueprint in how to combat propaganda like this . 
  drag it out in the open hard and fast . 
  not only will it not work , it might even have the opposite of the desired effect, 
  russia has a gdp lower than mexico . 
  they 're not winning . 
  they 're just trying to make everyone else lose , too, 
  and that 's the way to beat propaganda like that - if you drag it into the light hard and fast , it has the opposite effect, 
  what are you even saying ? 
  why would you not control for socioeconomic status ? 
  if you do , you see that the problem is n't that immigrants are `` more criminal '' , the problem is that they 're more poor than average . 
  and only if you see the problem you can solve it, 
  wtf are you on , dude, 
  back to vichy, 
  i 'm pretty sure they 're better informed about us politics than americans are about german politics, 
  typical trump fan - unwilling to see facts even if someone lists them up right there, 
  they 're falling , actually, 
  the afd is no opposition - they are literally a single issue `` protest '' vote for if you do n't care about anything else but brown people . 
  you 'd have to be literally mentally retarded to vote for them, 
  afd is a single issue fuckboy nazi party , no thanks, 
  honestly , the right wing parties colluding with opposing states are * traitors * and should be treated as such , with the full force of every law applicable to traitors . 
  and once you manage to stop their fearmongering , and stop russia & friends from adding more fuel to the fire with their propaganda campaings ( or `` fake news '' if you want to be modern ) , you can identify the problems and treat them, 
  no , people are running to the spd , which in no way has said anything about refugee policy - the far right parties are * also * losing to them . 
  we already tried the far right . 
  we tried it more thoroughly than most countries , on fact . 
  in the end , the results were impressively awful , if you remember that one phase ca . 
  1933-1945 we certainly do remember it . 
  as for metaphors , this one is pretty damn close . 
  far right parties across europe are sponsored and helped by external forces that want a weakened and divided europe . 
  i always wonder , did russia forget what happened last time they allied with nazis ? 
  look . 
  contrary to most many other countries , we germans already tried that whole fascism thing . 
  we tried it real , real good . 
  and in the end it sucked , for pretty much everyone involved or even just close to germany . 
  so maybe all those would be fascists should try listening to the only country to go full fascist , all the way through , instead of living in their teen fascist fantasia, 
  first of all , take your fear mongering numbers and shove them right up your butt . 
  wayy up there . 
  then , consider that refugee policy was on line with international and german law , plus , and this is something important right wing fuck faces often seem to ignore , the wishes of the german people . 
  after you rested for a while after all that hard thinking , remember that cdu is the conservative , business loving party in germany . 
  refugee policy was also influenced by a wish for cheap labor and an influx of more young people into an aging society . 
  spd , on the other hand , has a long history of fighting for social equality , something they were severely lacking during the times if the grand coalition - but this means that they also have an interest to help , although maybe for more idealistic reasons than cdu . 
  but all of this is influence by the wishes of the german people , as you can see from the change in refugee policy lately . 
  so all your fear mongering bullshit can go back to trumpland and putin , two actors who are trying to destabilize europe for their own , almost personal gain . 
  if we do n't like our current policy , we will adjust it . 
  if you want to burn your house down because a window might be broken , be my guest . 
  i 'd rather fix the window, 
  wikileaks , you used to be a champion . . 
  schulz is far more liberal than merkel , dude . 
  brown people, 
  yeah . . and adding fuel makes the fire much harder to control , and in real life would be a crime, 
  a fire stops burning once the fuel is gone,
