  `` when i get into power , i will exterminate you and everyone like you '' gets punched in the face `` omg oppression ! '', 
  everyone uses fb , dude , even those without an account . 
  their tracking is everywhere , and they build a profile of you even if you 're not logged in , for ad purposes . 
  lmao . . little kids can use maps with some training . 
  and google maps with satellite view is already incredibly detailed . 
  if there 's one thing balkan other than \u0107evape , it 's really taking in an insult and getting pissed over it to a ridiculous degree . 
  seriously . 
  i live there , and i die every day . 
  and it 's good the way it is, 
  antifascist fascists, 
  it should not be mandatory , but only if church marriage has no other legal consequences than a fancy party . 
  do i enjoy living one of the safest countries in earth ? 
  one of the countries with the best social safety net , great job opportunities , and great opportunities for personal expression and development ? 
  one of the countries on earth in which an individual can thrive and live a happy life ? 
  holy shit , yes . 
  german is seriously one of the best countries in earth right now , and just about paradise compared to like half of earth , too . 
  the nazi fantasy you have which does n't exist ? 
  yeah , would n't want to live in that . 
  edit : excuse me while i enjoy safe drinking water and no personal bankruptcy from an inflamed appendix, 
  the international neo nazi scene , or what is called ` alt right ' in the us , is working together across nations to burn everything down , selling the idea that the white phoenix will rise from the ashes , instead of there just being ashes . 
  if you want to have a chance of preventing this , you need international cooperation against this , and this starts with identifying and fighting them . 
  thus calling them by their name helps, 
  no , i did not . 
  take your alt-truth elsewhere  this tactic is transparent as hell . 
  also , how stupid do you have to be to vote for le pen ? 
  she 's bought by a foreign state . 
  meanwhile , that same state has only ` he 's gay ! ', 
  as attack against macron . 
  is this what i wrote ? 
  no , so stop your usual tactics . 
  but why even have them if you ignore them ? 
  why let france be a lackey of russia ? 
  i thought france was a proud nation with its own goals , not russian dog , like the us ? 
  `` totally not a nazi '' `` calling everyone leftist '' pick one, 
  ah yes . 
  let 's not believe what the intelligence agencies say . 
  let 's demand final proof always , no matter how much they say . 
  after all , they ca n't reveal all anyways , so it will never be enough proof worked for trump, 
  i do n't give a flying fuck what color , country of origin or non/belief someone has . 
  all i want is people that believe in free , open democracy . 
  but !, 
  in the same vein , this has to be true for * everyone * . 
  the isis loving immigrant needs to be treated dangerous , * but * , so does the fascist that wants to abolish democracy as well . 
  well , yo got ta understand : that 's what she 's paid to say . 
  ca n't really go off-script, 
  because he asked a question marine le trump did n't like, 
  a smart person learns from their own mistakes , a genius learns from the mistakes of others . 
  that 's facsism for you, 
  so are the worst . . 
  eh ... quite different here . 
  former east or former west ? 
  lmao . 
  go ahead , try mobbing her . 
  the absolute madman !, 
  they could also just shoot all the refugees instantly , would kill them faster than not helping . 
  or maybe keep bombing so that there 's less refugees , not more as it is now after american and russian bombing . 
  a whole load of final solutions , right there for the picking, 
  yeah , and most of it goes right back into the german economy , almost like a stimulus, 
  stop with that `` socialist '' shit . 
  we germans are actually proud of social democracy . 
  plus we kinda have out very own experience with socialism , too , with gdr and reunification . 
  so cut it the fuck out . 
  yeah , seriously . 
  the guy was in the gutter , totally lost , by his own words , and through the help of family and his own strength got out of it and worked hard to better himself . 
  it 's like the american dream , only real, 
  brings a happy tear to my eye, 
  exactly what i meant !, 
  does he have one ? 
  if he does n't , something 's wrong !, 
  that 's the real scandal here . 
  where 's his mistress ? 
  what is he hiding ? 
  lmao dude , did you work through trolling 101 and are just now trying it out ? 
  you 're hilarious, 
  i voted in every election since i became 18 and will do so until the day i die . 
  go troll somewhere else , child . 
  you have literally no idea what you are talking about . 
  schulz has real chances and is very talented . 
  that 's awesome . 
  i actually just heard him speak live for the first time and it was pretty damn good . 
  he vowed to fight the enemies of democracy and that the social democratic party needs to be a firewall against fascism , as it always was . 
  fake news was used to be called propaganda - it 's not a new phenomenon, 
  what are you going on about ? 
  it 's an ausbildungsberuf , something done when you forgo abitur for mittlere reife , to go into trades and similar . 
  it 's very very middle class . 
  eh , about ten per year on average is a respectable number, 
  please . 
  first of all , it makes perfect sense . 
  you take the professional for the job . 
  just about everywhere . 
  second , every reason against professionals in politics actually hits even harder against unprofessionals . 
  professionals can be corrupt ? 
  oh well , sure . 
  and unprofessionals are immune ? 
  please take a look at trump 's `` draining of the swamp '' and filling it with lobbyist and rich people as a prime example for what happens of you take outsiders into politics . 
  professionals are `` out of touch '' ? 
  what an asinine argument . 
  their very job is to be in touch with as much of their electorate as possible , but if course not every person ever , since this is the real world and you need compromise to get something done to satisfaction . 
  nothing to speak of the fact that unprofessionals never even had an idea of being in touch with anyone but their very own niche . 
  and this is especially stupid concerning martin schulz , who actually was working in a bookshop , pretty much right square in the middle of the people you want politician to be in touch with .
