her father was always a huge antisemite , and their `` falling out '' is just fake to get more votes, 
  oh totally fine , sure . 
  no need to care about civil rights when you do n't know how to feed yourself the next day . 
  they literally are , what else ? 
  that they had their jew hate by the fake `` falling out '' by marine and jean-marie is so damn transparent , too . 
  the millions russia pumps in is also a big clue they 're meant to disrupt europe so russia can pick up the scraps, 
  because we still remember where populism leads . 
  maybe because we were the ones to take it to its full conclusion . . learning by doing, 
  what fucking bullshit . 
  the jews in germany are decidedly * not * falling for the far right bullshit . 
  because they want to vote the one party whose ideology led to mass killings of gays in concentration camps on european soil ? 
  yeah , but voting for a party whose ancestors put guys in concentration camps sure is !, 
  please . 
  it 's the same shit as with the shitty `` guys for trump '' campaign . 
  ask them how nicely they 're currently treated by the administration, 
  uber can go fuck itself , and it 's social media ad campaign can do so , too, 
  ah , the great uber shill post, 
  ah yes . 
  much like germany looked perfect for the 1936 summer olympics , a fascist party will never show their face until it 's in power, 
  are you trolling ? 
  did you forget that little episode 1939-1945 where fascism showed where it leads to ? 
  this is the end result of all fascist regimes : first , they ` get rid ' your `` internal enemies '' , then they need to find other `` enemies '' to blame , usually external ones , which means : war, 
  well they 're worse in that today , you should know where fascism leads, 
  nice decade old meme, 
  it 's not what i think , it 's 100 % reality , it 's fact . 
  take your feel politics elsewhere, 
  your concern trolling does n't interest me in the least . 
  the front national is indistinguishable from any other nazi party in goals and belief . 
  if it walks , talks and quacks like a duck , it 's a duck , even if it 's not exactly the same duck, 
  dude . 
  with this party , we have extensive experience and the proof of 60 million dead through their ideology . 
  what more proof do you want ? 
  ooh , whataboutism !, 
  totally did n't expect this page of the playbook, 
  lmao . 
  other than the same goals , symbolism and ideology , they 're totally different !, 
  `` fn did n't do anything horrible yet ! '', 
  because they had no power yet , duh, 
  you mean other than the exact same ideology , symbolism and goals ? 
  no idea man !, 
  le putin is not a new candidate, 
  do you really want to know what is bad about a major country in europe being controlled by the literal nazi party ? 
  seriously ? 
  i 'll tell you : they 'll soon be broke from all the copyright lawsuits germany will have to file, 
  are you slow ? 
  it 's ging to be part of the brexit negotiations , because of brexit ? 
  what else ? 
  you mean luxembourg , which is still in the eu in two years time ? 
  britain wo n't be in the eu anymore . 
  was n't the second part missing, 
  utter nonsense , but great to rile up about the same people that voted for brexit, 
  honestly , our government would never talk war with any european ally . 
  it 's absolutely inconceivable, 
  because no one was talking war , and suddenly , it 's all `` spaniards , argentinians , all the same , let 's show then british steel '' in the more colorful parts of your press, 
  honestly , probably something much smarter, 
  russia is currently paying far right and fascist parties all around europe to divide it . 
  and we all know how it goes . . `` divide and conquer '' , not `` divide and let live '', 
  defence secretary michael fallon told the bbc 's andrew marr show , hosted this week by eddie mair , that the uk would go `` all the way '' to protect gibraltar and its people 's right to remain part of the united kingdom . 
  shit . 
  for one , no one wants to attack gibraltar, 
  `` of course we would defend gibraltar , but it is very clear no one will be attacking it anytime soon '' there . 
  less talk of actual war , while making the position clear, 
  like the secdef ? 
  it 's not even close ? 
  everything surrounding it and everything related to it is extremely different . 
  the only thing similar is `` it involves two countries '', 
  it 's obviously hyperbole . 
  a decent politician would defuse the situation instead of talking war with a european and nato ally . 
  unfortunately , those are nowhere to be seen in britain at the moment, 
  i 'm annoyed everything everyone said about brexit and the leavers will probably turn out to be true, 
  maybe you could fucking stop talking about it everywhere , then , if it 's such a non-issue https://mobile.twitter.com/garylineker/status/848851028745310208, 
  the situation is pretty fucking different , but leave it to a leaver to paint with strokes so broad , no one can see the picture, 
  yeah , nothing to see https://mobile.twitter.com/garylineker/status/848851028745310208, 
  `` if someone attacks you , will you defend yourself '' `` yes , i will thoroughly kill them with everything i have '' i though the stiff upper lip was supposed to be a british staple ? 
  why the stupid overreactions ? 
  whatever spain 's position was is not necessarily what it is right now , and in any case , spain did n't talk war , did they ? 
  i actually love the british , but the god damn sickness of the mind that is populism is grasping you guys so bad , we germans kind of go `` uh ... have you forgotten that things last century where we dabbled in populism too much ? '', 
  they chose not to condemn them , and in fact , chose no other comment to weaken the tone, 
  the uk government just chose not to condemn these words , and reiterated them . 
  thus , it is officially government talk right now, 
  well , economic negotiations are a thing , you know . 
  will the uk use military threat to push through a brexit like they want ? 
  will they nuke berlin if they ca n't sell their jams ? 
  there 's ways to defuse such a situation , or even to just not look like aggressive idiot . 
  but may knows that , as long as she 's playing the populist whistle , she 'll stay in power unopposed, 
  the wrong thing is sabre rattling when the other side is talking about ending that fucking tax haven status . 
  a sale politician would have told in unmistakable words `` of course we defend our land , but no one is talking war '' , but no , may the incompetent fool ca n't do such a thing, 
  it 's shit , sabre rattling like they 're direkt russian fucking stooges . 
  all spain wants is the tax haven gone, 
  so , where 's anything about war on that ? 
  it 's stupid , but it 's clearly talking about negotiations and making the uk pay for any concessions they want . 
  then suddenly `` war war war , remember argentina , remember the empire , for britannia , war war '', 
  was anyone taking about attacking or forcefully annexing gibraltar ? 
  the question was not !, 
  posed , though . 
  out of the blue , because they need the rabid populists , the uk is drumming up war . 
  no one was talking about attacking or annexing gibraltar . 
  but out of nowhere and because they need the fucking populism like the idiots they are , the uk are beating the war drums . 
  chill the fuck out, 
  it 's not about fucking sovereignity your buffoon .
