  with thinking like that , man would have never left the cradle if humanity, 
   stereotypical . 
  branding everyone with a `` blut und boden '' mentality a nazi . 
  make sure to call the korans , japanese and plenty plenty of other nations `` nazis '' because they want protect their kin . 
    is this a satirical post ? 
  ` blut und boden ' was literally what the policy was called in the third reich , dude . 
  does n't get any more nazi than that . 
  what guilt ? 
  he is trolling in that he 's saying ` oh i totally was n't about blut und boden , but this sudden a influx of nazi sperm into my ass has opened my eyes ' when he 's clearly using a new account , so no one can check out that he 's been wearing swastika on his assless chaps for years . 
  you 're nothing but a nazi afraid to use your real account . 
  maybe it is you who should fornicate thyself, 
  helmut did great work . . 
  on those who break the law . 
  ah , i long for the days when wsj was n't just another rupert murdoch shitrag, 
  it 's a troll account , dude, 
  you just described the ` pushers ' as people who follow the trend ... 
  ` some ' is a favorable way to say ` not all of them ', 
  he did , but his mind still seemed sound , even if he had problems talking . . and until the end , the european project was important to him . 
  i hope we can go on and achieve unified greatness and lasting peace in europe , together, 
  for some reason , i read `` britbongs '', 
  spiegel and spiegel online have the same crew for years now , do n't they ? 
  i think erdogan is the one using helium, 
  it 's just buzzword bingo with them , is n't it ? 
  thank you, 
  the perfect music to start , keep and stop drinking, 
  may : i 'll rip up human rights laws, 
  woehoet wrote :  it 's time to end the age of tollerance also the age of spelling , it seems, 
  this is what i think about when people call merkel meek , or something similar . 
  she had no problem to backstab her political father for power . 
  she 's not meek , she 's calculating , waiting for the right time . 
  this does n't say russia did n't do it . 
  it just says that whoever did it , did n't leave much to work on, 
  not only was n't it viewed positively , it was actually against the law i 'm germany, 
  nice !, 
  she already has . 
  you might ask theresa may , who cut the manchester police budged by half two years ago . 
  against warnings that this will lead to them being unable to do any predictive policing , meaning they could only react to what happens , not prevent much . 
  just you wait  trump is too much of a buffoon to not spill it all, 
  lmao . 
  he does what putin wants . 
  i 'd be a bit more scared of that , in estonia 's place . 
  wonder when trump will go against estonia . 
  a week ? 
  good, 
  more poor people more uneducated people more voters for populists, 
  true , i often do forget 3sat !, 
  absolutely . 
  on german tv there is a load of crap , but arte almost always has something interesting . 
  love it !, 
  he said europe , not britain . 
  yes , both nations have great history failing at doing so , and two negatives make a positive . 
  so it ca n't fail !, 
  some other stupid reason then, 
  go cry to someone who cares . 
  maybe try storming some ministry with your `` identitarian '' friends, 
  we found the nazi, 
  lol, 
  angemmanuel macrel, 
  it might be better for all , on the end . 
  britain wants to be america lite anyways . 
  d\u00f6ner without garlic ?!, 
  garlic is one of the best flavors in the whole world , especially with meat . 
  in all honesty , there 's probably no country in the world closer to germany than france right now . 
  that whole plan to make war between the two impossible after ww2 seems to have worked very nicely . 
  yeah , that too . 
  what i mean by that , if there 's a single country in earth where you should expect the common man to not just take it and shit up , it 's france . 
  the french invented the word revolution , and the word terror . 
  as a german , yes please !, 
  let 's do this , dear neighbor !, 
  this looks great !, 
  i hope his meeting with merkel on monday is good, 
  lmao . 
  yeah sure . 
  when was the last time someone really looked at you lovingly ? 
  britain , slowing down as always, 
  the brit has been left at the gas station , drive , mon ami, 
  and most of all , he 's a smart man, 
  it 's not like they 've been participating recently , anyways . . 
  longest period of peace since the pax romanum, 
  they did n't . 
  75 % of the people voted , so it 's more like 22,75 . 
  that 's lower than the crazification factor , so i can believe it, 
  nah , the prices are dropping by the second from the endless supply, 
  get rekt fascists , * no matter the flag * islamofascism can get fucked all the same . 
  * sexiest * , not sexist, 
  of there 's one lesson germany took to heart from ww2 , it 's ` you ca n't ignore fascism ', 
  there 's no storming beaches with mobility scooters anyways, 
  still , he 'd have no reason whatsoever to protect macron if he did n't think he 's a decent guy . 
  mmh yeah , sure . 
  which is why varoufakis is a fan of his ? 
  it might work . . 
  he 's anti austerity and quite popular with the south of europe . 
  if he and angie can work this to find a golden middle way , it might be glorious, 
  was it ? 
  isnt there meta data in the documents pretty much proving there are fake in it ? 
  the fact that the companies mentioned in the pdf do n't seem to exist is , though, 
  this is jaques complete lack of surprise, 
  le pen talked about supposed ` bahamas accounts ' in the last tv debate . 
  the leaks contained faked documents about those accounts , pdfs with the editing layers still intact , because whoever faked them forgot to merge layers as final step . 
  edit : http://www.numerama.com/politique/254983-compte-offshore-demmanuel-macron-une-intox-venue-de-4chan.html link talking about the fake .
