shitstorm is coming the starks saw it , we 're gon na taste it, 
  read again , i 'm not comparing for the sake of comparing and certainly not with notorious dangerous places . 
  i 'm just saying that many foreign medias are focusing on every piece of french news that can build up some dramatic flare of `` france is falling '' even if there 's just as many events happening right under their windows . 
  we got , like every country , some urban ghettos filled with poverty , drug dealers and pity criminals . 
  obviously , anything with a uniform is not safe there but everywhere else , they are just fine and got the respect they deserve . 
  those ghettos are very very very small part of the territory , most of the time few blocks near big cities . 
  pretty much like in us or any country in the world . 
  the problem right now is that we struggle to deal with terrorism + ghettos . 
  we lack manpower and money to cover everything and the government is in some `` results and numbers '' circlejerk , leading to some very poor decisions like static patrols ( sitting ducks target for criminals ) or pushing for more speeding tickets and less expensive arrests . 
  for example : even in a dangerous area , patrol cars means only two cops inside ; that way , you increase the numbers of patrols out there ( more blue in the streets as they say ) but in reality , it means that each patrol is less powerfull to deal with armed criminals . 
  it 's not a problem most of the time but when the patrol needs to go inside a well known ghetto at night ... well it does not end well . 
  anyway , the general population can be tired of seeing cops making speed tickets instead of arresting criminals but it 's not the fault of the police , it 's the government asking for that . 
  in the end , france , despite the media circlejerk of flashy dramatic news , is still one of the safest country you can find . 
  we got a rep of being jerks so most of the time , people will look for it and focus on that . 
  it 's like my trip to nyc , everybody told me `` you 'll see , everybody is nice and great ... '' . 
  i come across a few very unpolite or aggressive people but i was focused on the nice people i met and finally agreed : nice folks . 
  if you look for it , it 's all you can see . 
  plus , there 's a cultural thing . 
  we got some social codes and if you do n't even try to follow some of it , it 's like an insult to us and we will react . 
  what to avoid : speak english without even trying to say a french word . 
  asking something to someone you do n't know without starting with `` bonjour , excusez moi ... '' or something like that . 
  speaking very loud in public place like you 're alone . 
  and all that is just a few sample !, 
  french design for ghetto ... even the worse have to be at least functional . 
  but jokes aside , when the sun goes down , trust me you know ... 
  give me an old school spy movie baby !, 
  russian vilain is the best kind of vilain !, 
  i will wait until march 2017 to care again ... if there 's not a new interesting new stuff to watch ... my money is on a new cold war between us and russia , but we never know . 
  as a french , it 's like staring at someone who 's about to dive from a very hight cliff , waiting to see if he 's gon na make it or crash on the rocks ... after hours with absolutly nothing happening , you just get bored and move one . 
  well , i will always prefer a president making unpopular decisions but with good results in the end than a popular one making a mess . 
  i 'm conflicted with holland 's work but in the end , i do n't have much to complain ... 
  yes !, 
  and i 'm going tomorrow !, 
  that point is understood but you 'll have to admit , 10 countries with the common factor of bieng under islamic rule , having a death sentence for atheism is not random . 
  i do n't mean to put the blame on islam more than other religions but all those countries wish me dead and the common factor is their religion . 
  the reason could be more political and social than religious but in the end , it 's a bunch of very different civilizations following one common opinion concerning my right to be alive . 
  i know it 's a downvote kind of opinion but honestly , you ca n't blame me for seeing as pretty violent a religion when many countries under it 's rule would kill me for being atheist . 
  when someone claims that i need to be killed because his religion commands it , even with an open mind and considering the hadith vs qoran problem , how am i suppose to see it as a peaceful end open religion ? 
  it 's monday morning in france , the sky is blue and the sun is shinning . 
  the front page of `` le monde '' paper is about the new french government strategy concerning terrorism : [ front page - it 's in french ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/politique/article/2016/08/01/l-executif-face-a-la-repetition-infernale-du-terrorisme_4976846_823448.html ) . 
  the article does not bring major news other than the modification of government communication strategy . 
  another big event is the muslim tribute to the priest murdered in his own church by islamists . 
  lot 's of muslims went to church on sunday . 
  the new popular joke is : at least someone is using our churches now . 
  one of paris event `` le cinema \u00e0 la vilette '' , that was canceled after nice attacks , is back in busieness but with an improved security . 
  it 's an event concerning free movies projection in a park . 
  i hope everything will go without problems . 
  pokemon go is now available in france and like everywhere in the world , it 's crazy popular . 
  i saw at least 25 people gathered in the streets , chasing little monsters . 
  fun to watch . 
  saw in the news : rihanna was giving a show in `` le parc des princes '' this weekend . 
  she made a short tribute about the terrorists attacks . 
  according to the audience , the show was great . 
  that 's all for now . 
  like every monday , we hope that we 'll not have more important news to report . 
  thing is , there 's more than 10 muslim countries who would put you to death for being an atheist ... 
  so the actual content of the qoran is either violent or written so badly that it 's not relevant and lead to violence anyway . 
  in the end , i do n't blame muslim per say but i would never go in any country ruled by their religion . 
  come on !, 
  can we have 1 win this year ? 
  i wonder what % of this anti-west sentiment is actually triggered by real west doing and what % is triggered by local leader using us as a `` the bad guy '' . 
  we clearly are not innocent angels but i feel that we get blame for much more than our government actually did . 
  we even had a suicidal pilote who thougt it was a good idea to bring all the passengers with him . 
  i do n't get those guys ... 
  i 'm french and i would not be sad to see the guy who stabbed a 8 years old because he felt offended killed . 
  but in the other hand , i know that it 's anger and fear talking , i 'm not in favour of death penalty per say . 
  it 's what happen when your feelings are talking to your rational thinking , sometimes they do n't agree, 
  was watching `` shinning '' before falling asleep and had an intense sleepwalking crisis . 
  please , it never has been on the table anyway . 
  it 's a false hope we promoted for decades , just to make sure this border is safe . 
  too much population to let acess the eu and the secularism and democratic make up they put on is barely standing . 
  it 's was a weak attempt to convince eu but a few political decisions does n't make a population secular . 
  look at what 's happening : islam deeply rooted in the government , a purge , the return of death penalty , population screaming for blood !, 
  i know there 's no innocent country but we have to draw a line at some point . 
  i wish you safety and joy in the future but i fear for you guys . 
  well i 'm french so i do n't really care about any `` positive '' aspect the brexit may have , i 'm more concerned about how it could affect the rest of us ... and , i admit it , i also like to mock the all things ... but mainly it 's because of concerns ... like 70 %, 
  translation : `` click !, 
  come on !, 
  click on this !, 
  coooooooome on boy !, 
  just click !, 
  it 's juicy , it 's fresh , you 're gon na love it !, 
  hurry boy , click on this !, 
  goooooooood boy !, 
  that 's a good boy !, 
  now you can leave , it 's just random garbage , no need to read '', 
  they speak french but they eat like germans . 
  it 's a confusing place . 
  true ... i forgot that ... 
  boys , we need to discuss your langage . 
  i 'm afraid you need to change it ... 
  france as part of something with `` reich '' in it ... 
  i think we 'll have to rename the project or we 'll face a bit of resistance . 
  in any case , we love you german friends ... just stay on your side of the maginot line . 
  ok ... so turkey hate us ? 
  we 're waiting a little bit longer for the pound to drop and we start joining our saving to buy the windsor castle . 
  it 's gon na make a great holiday house !, 
  damn right !, 
  those horses were gentle creature and you used bows and arrows to kill them all with our brave soldiers !, 
  we will never forget or forgive !,
