  he 's free to say whatever he believe . 
  yeah we got a lot of dickheads here ... weird fact : they are burning cars in their own really poor suburb ... so in a way , it 's dumb youth making their own life even more miserable . 
  i 've never understood that kind of thinking . 
  they destroy cars , shops and urban stuff because they feel left out ... and they end up with a shittier place with no job ... so they feel left out ... so they destroy stuff . 
  damn !, 
  thank you man !, 
  i will use it wisely !, 
  too poor my friend ... too poor ... 
  i would super-upvote you if i could but i ca n't . 
  instead i will just press the upvote button very hard and say yes !!!!!!, 
  exactly !, 
  we can conclude that spain is stealing our sun !, 
  give us back the sun you damn spanish sun thieves !, 
  you mean he 's the chicken , not the egg ? 
  well ... he looks a bit like a chicken ... edit : i love this !, 
  people can make a trillion jokes involving the words `` surrender '' or `` monkeys '' but as soon as you make a tiny joke about trump , you got all the drama queens of the us gathering . 
   how about wait science fiction in our world ... 
  ok but what about my fridge ? 
  i do n't want the coolest ( pun intended ) version who can sing to me and make me orange juice , i just want a freakin fridge and i hate having to carry it on the stairs and pay a fortune every few years just because some dudes are cutting edge on the materials !, 
  leave my fridge alone !, 
  freedom for the fridge !, 
  let the fridge live longer !, 
  this was a message from the freedom fridge anti planned obsolescence movement = ffapom, 
  gorgeous goofy !, 
  old guns from ww2 can be found everywhere in the countryside . 
  my grandmother had two very old guns but i would not recommand firing it ... you 'll probably lose your hand . 
  yep , we got lot 's of junk guns from ww2 , hunting rifles and collections pieces . 
  on the contrary . 
  i value our core principles but i also know the price we have to pay to protect it against someone who has none . 
  i 'm parisian , i saw it . 
  someone willing to kill civilian , children , women , unarmed people , someone who does n't see you as human , someone who does n't even care about his own life . 
  there 's no coming back from this , there 's no rehabilitation for people who raped and killed on a daily basis . 
  there 's no way to make those people part of our society without putting everyone in danger . 
  i 'm not saying we should become monsters to fight monsters , i 'm just saying that sometimes , some of us have to deal with the darkness to give us the luxury of being human . 
  we are at war with isis , a terrorist group who organized terrorist activity in french soil . 
  the dgse , french secret service , is targetting specific french fighters , identified and well known for their actions . 
  i can guarantee you we do n't need facebook . 
  and do n't be scared for our honest travelers , legits one declare their travelling ( to warzone ) to benefit protection from our government . 
  yes , war is cruel , horrible and unfair for the innocents but everything we do has consequences and we have to take responsibility . 
  fighting againts your country , killing french soldiers and helping to recruit new followers is not a teenage mistake . 
  it 's an act of war . 
  fear for the weak , the innocent or the poor , not for the ones who choosed to kill . 
  and the ship is sinking faster and faster ... 
  this is war , they are enemy soldiers and traitors to the nation . 
  you do n't put on trial every soldier before shooting him . 
  the reason france is targetting them is because they are primary targets : they have a eu passeport and french nationality . 
  if we let them go home , we have to put them on trial and protect them but as long as they are on warzone , it 's fair game . 
  every country involved is doing the exact same thing , may they say it out loud or not . 
  yep , killing . 
  better , cheaper and faster this way . 
  we do n't want to deal with terorists coming back home and enjoying our civilized legal system . 
  and it 's a good training for our special forces . 
  big joke . 
  you scream for independance , you scream how awful eu is , you say that uk will be better off eu morrons , how eu is only alive because you 're in it , and now we have to help you , suit your needs and your feelings , give a more suitable deal to be sure you stay a strong ? 
  we need to help you slam the door on us ? 
  want the benefits of the eu but no disavantages ? 
  you know what big boy ? 
  does n't work like that !, 
  there 's tolerance and there 's stupidity, 
  so nice of her !, 
  she 's wishing peace and love to us !, 
  you too miss may , you too !, 
  unless she 's bragging about being able to count to 2 and in that case that 's a bit sad but we wish you get better !, 
  or she 's telling us how many time she had ... well let 's not get there , we do n't want to know . 
  anyway , maybe you should put a signe on this statue because we d'ont really get the message . 
  k now i 'm just sad ... 
  i understand then ... do you have some left ? 
  dude !, 
  what would you even reveal our plan on reddit ? 
  it 's full of americans !, 
  he said : i will make america great again . 
  he did : made europe great again . 
  he says : i will not save the planet from global warming . 
  what will he do ? 
  if man and woman can agree on something in this world , it 's lesbian porn !, 
  gives me hope !, 
  may the world unite on a glorious brotherhood around the greatest view : two beautiful girls doing some kinky stuff . 
  and i 'm glad to give you some answers : rioting : to remind our leaders that they have to keep us happy and give them something to focus on . 
  at least twice a year , go out , gather , scream a little , break something and go home . 
  the government will start debating and searching and writting laws . 
  it 's good for them , they have less time to spend on corruption when they have to work . 
  important : dress sharp , talk loudly , look smart and voil\u00e0 you look important . 
  confidence is key . 
  so popular : ladies , drink , food and landscape . 
  most of the time that 's enough to be popular . 
  called france : name given to an old germanic/scandinavic people who fought against the roman empire in the gaul area ( big part of today 's france ) . 
  two big frankish dynasties - the merovingian and carolingian are considered to be our origin . 
  now i 'm dropping an imaginary mic and walking away looking sharp and confident . 
  some people ( heretics ) use the word `` pain au chocolat '' instead of `` chocolatine '' . 
  we often do n't uderstand those weirdos but we love them anyway . 
  after five years of begging , pleading , warnings from several eu members , countless cases and files , police investigation and such , britain kept the `` do n't care '' attitude , letting a criminal organization use uk as an open door to flood the eu market . 
  let me guess , eu is all evil and uk is the poor member being bullied ... 
  dude , we know !, 
  why do you think you only encounter rude waiters and nasty people when visiting ? 
  we got special training camps for `` how to properly mistreat tourists '' . 
  we got teams walking around every major french city , spotting every tourist and setting up traps and verbal assault . 
  we even got a ranking system , allowing us to take revenge for every mockery in foreing medias . 
  if you 're spanish , you 're pretty safe but if you 're american !, 
  it 's open season - full spit on your dish and giving you false directions . 
  `` look at the muricans , one blowjob and half the country is freakin out like young impressionable virgins ... can you believe they 're worldwide leaders of porn ? '',
