  so yeah , uk is acting like it always did , like a prick ... and eu is not going to play nice this time . 
  came here to tell the exact same thing . 
  and i 'm french , i should enjoy and mock uk but honestly , there 's nothing good in what is happening right now . 
  well it 's a revolution song , a war song . 
  it 's brutal , extreme , violent , and dark . 
  but patriotic or not , even if we use to make fun of it , the day after the paris attacks , i had an opportunity to sing it with dozens of people in the streets . 
  it 's weird but that 's the only moment i understood why this song is so important and why the lyrics are so dark . 
  as a french , i feel the duty to make fun of the damn brits but frankly , i do n't have the skill to compete with your own self-trolling . 
  and it 's kind of not fair !, 
  you can not do that !, 
  it 's our job to make fun of you damn it !, 
  remove kebab = still have greek sandwich !, 
  checkmate ... i guess ... 
  the smile on fillon 's face is priceless !!, 
  the best part was when one of our less popular candidate started to openly talk about all the shady business of fillon and lepen , directly blaming them to `` steal our money '' . 
  i felt really good to see someone on national tv let go all the sugar coding and all the gentle manners for one straight hit in the crouch !, 
  maybe it was not a very enlightful moment but man !, 
  i would like to see that kind of debate more often . 
  the guy really has no chance but at least he did something i always dreamed of : just put our beloved corrupted politic 's nose into the poop . 
  who says we are confrontational and emotionally expressive ?!!, 
  whoooo ??? 
  wan na mess with me pal ? 
  wan na talk about how i 'm emotional ? 
  who are you to judge us , damn it !, 
  i 'm completly zen dude !, 
  zeeeeeennn !!, 
  i 'm telling you !, 
  look at you with your big boy chart , with all your dots and shit !, 
  that 's a shame !, 
  the french nation will not stand quiet while the world dare to call us emotional !, 
  we will rise !, 
  we will march into the darkness of the war to defend our land , our pride and our freedom !, 
  man !, 
  man !, 
  maaaaaaaaaaan !, 
  a motto in french !!, 
  ! for the brits !!, 
  ! i just ... i never knew ... it 's ... maaaaaaannnnn !!, 
  too many ... arggggg ... tooo many jokes in my head !, 
  ! need to ... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarg !, 
  i need to find a brit !!, 
  right now !, 
  must ... make ... fun ... 
  explode, 
  no limit on comedy with those funny little guys . 
  as a french atheist , i 'm pretty proud !, 
  and that 's how it begin . 
  wait fews month and pokemon will suffer the same fate !, 
  i still got hope and faith about our ability to stand for each others when the shit hits the fan . 
  we lived in peace for many years so it 's easy to get cocky but when international crisis start to blow , we are really greatfull to have the full union in our back . 
  broke is own law ( turkey forbid political campaing on foreign soil ) , broke the netherland 's law , lied about the emmissary 's agenda , broke the diplomatical rules , disturb public order of another country . 
  what dou you need more ? 
  it 's not because it 's a democracy that it mean they should accept being spit in the face repetedly . 
  not a bad advice in fact . 
  beautiful country, 
  i know we should be offended but i ca n't stop laughing at this . 
  consider me joyfully offended !, 
  le pen voters are ok with stealing and corruption if it can make their `` lady '' president . 
  the fact that it 's european money ( in their tiny little heads ) makes it even more ok . 
   i also like overcooked pasta . 
  freak !, 
  finrando , abba 's greatest hits !, 
   i still do n't get what the `` two speed eu '' is about . 
  it means not waiting for every member to agree with a new project before starting it and letting the others choose to get in or not . 
  it means that if a few members are willing to start a more political union or even a federal system , they can without having to wait for everyone to be ready . 
  all the others can just sit back and watch and jump in when they feel ready ... or not . 
  they will still be full member of the union but will not go further . 
  holy mother of thor !, 
  and you let the cook live ? 
  what 's wrong with you guys ? 
   far-better-than-the-french wine on them now you 're just talking crazy . 
  i 'm really tired of seeing her face on reddit . 
  for sure , maybe not , we can not be sure of anything , but we got a 2 rounds system and even if she can have enough voters to pass the first round , she will face the union of all the other voters on the second round ( despite everything , she still represent an edgy political family and not so much people would allow her to be elected ) . 
  winning would mean making a leap from 26 % to 70 % . 
  i know that le pen wo n't win but with the trump stuff , the brexit stuff , the russia / us stuff , how can we have so many people voting for her ? 
  due to ~ ~ anti-vaccination conspiracy theories ~ ~ stupid ignorant and gullible morrons , ~ ~ measles return to croatia ~ ~ people die all over the world . 
  let me see ... yeahs that 's better, 
  he gets us !, 
  we hate that we love ourselves so much but we also love hating almost as much as we love so in the end , we vote for germany , it seems easier . 
  sex-life of politics ? 
  we do n't really care here . 
  the fact that he 's gay may trouble some oldies but nothing like a good old `` fillion give our money to his wife '' story . 
  as a french , i 'm outraged !!!, 
  outraged how much you 're right ... 
  nobody with a bit of sanity would ever consider starting a nuclear war but desperate people makes desperate choices . 
  if a country is about to loose a war , he will use everything he got . 
  wow , this guy should be more carefull , we had war for less than this shit . 
  he 's openly attacking the union and it 's members , trying to divide us and make friends with russia , the most dangerous rival in the continent . 
  am i the only one thinking shitstorm is coming ? 
  eu is very pessimistic about uk 's future . 
  i 'm personnaly pessimistic about climate changes . 
  i love irish people . 
  my cat is black . 
  i 'm glad we could share those deep feelings . 
  carefully managing is next campaign . 
  now this is not a problem anymore . 
  the original name of this sub was : `` what some part of the american population believe the rest of the world is like '' ... but it was too long so they settled down with `` worldnews '' . 
  very accurate . 
  we now know that he wo n't run again in the next election . 
  that mean , he has nothing to loose , nobody to convince .
