  try to escape the `` leave '' rhetoric for 1 minut . 
  if you consider the massive rebate and all the financial benefits of the membership , includind access to one of the greatest market , way better deal with other countries , political and financial influence , it 's not a heavy price uk pay . 
  it 's not only a matter of numbers and money , it 's a all package . 
  what eu will loose in membership fee from uk , it will have it back from all the business relocating . 
  in the name of france , we 're sending you hundreds of hungry inmates to furfill that statement . 
  enjoy . 
  i 'm happy to announce that for repairing this terrible mistake , more than 4558 french guys have already offered their service . 
  for france !, 
  that 's how to be a true patriote !, 
  something something brexit something something france and uk something something betrayal sincerely , the rubbishman, 
  proof that everything has a subreddit, 
  so that 's how we do it !, 
  thanks / u/tacobenderz, 
  ca n't argue with that ... 
  true, 
  no a fan of turkey at all but that 's not really a matter of country , it 's a matter of people . 
  it cost nothing to pay some respect to innocents folks brutally murdered . 
  i wo n't cry for turkey , the day they provided help to islamic terrorism was the limit for me . 
  but i will mourn the innocent people dead in that airport . 
  no problem with that statement , eu is not a perfect organization and we got some work to do . 
  maybe it will be easier without the uk veto card always on the table , maybe not . 
  time will tell . 
  maybe i misinterprete here but i think they are a little bit mad at you uk . 
  we 're gon na steal it anyway . 
  thank you !, 
  i tried to understand ... i did not succeed . 
  i 'm french , i 'm driving on the sidewalk !, 
  them , i 'll guess in the middle of the road, 
  yeah !, 
  good for you !, 
  but can the land of `` hope and glory '' leave us alone ? 
  i mean , we 're doing our little business , free market and shit and you do n't want that , that 's a `` german empire '' stuff . 
  or maybe you just want to benefits from our little club and take whatever you can , no regards for us ... 
  in that case , well yeah , many people will hate you . 
  i suggest we call you the `` free people '' , rebuild the hadrian 's wall , shake hands one last time , and do n't see each other again !, 
  deal ? 
  even got an idea for `` protecting your freedom '' , like a bunch of guys dressed in black , taking care of the trespassers edit : `` britain is coming '' could be our new eu motto, 
  i did not get the meaning of that . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm not being sarcastic or else but i 'm not that good at english and you lost me here . 
  no , take freedom and sovereignty . 
  i will never deny you that , you can have it all !, 
  good for you !, 
  long live the united kingdom and the queen ... 
  but if eu members can benefits the single market and all the perks of being in the union , it 's because they pay the price for it . 
  if you want to have you freedom and sovereignty , fine , but do n't also ask for the perks other members have by giving up part of it !, 
  you know : having the cake and eating it ... uk want 's all that even if it means watching the bakery burn . 
  i do n't believe that 's the case but i do n't think uk gives a shit about the rest . 
  as a french , i will back your campaign, 
  could make a great movie !, 
  thanks for the edit , i did n't remember the reference at first !, 
  so uk is actually and actively trying to screw the eu - plan a they want all the benefits of membership without any little piece of conterparts . 
  it 's a glorious `` fuck you and let me make shitload of money with the eu market without having to deal with your sad citizens and regulation '' . 
  starting to remember why we hated you in the past . 
  reddit does n't mess with translation ... 
  if i understand correctly , eu is the devil that destroy uk so they do n't want to be part of it anymore ... except for all the perks provided , even if they have to pay again for it . 
  in the end , they put eu in danger but ask for more privileges than they already had before . 
  uk , i do n't get your plan . 
  i only see two options : a - it 's a devilish genious plan that we ca n't understand . 
  so well crafted that we can not grasp the complexity . 
  b - you do n't have any plan and you 're driving by night , blinded , backward and on the other side of the road . 
  what am i missing ? 
  ladies and gentlmen , that 's how you use truth , facts , proofs and rational thinking to litteraly spank some butts . 
  well done sir , well done . 
  french here . 
  was walking home ( in the streets of paris ) after a game and i saw at leat 25 irish fans singing and dancing . 
  i came home 5 hours later ... incredibly nice people with a very positive vibe . 
  real newspaper ? 
  looks like our fake humourous newspaper ( gorafi ) . 
  uk was a major reason why the eu expanded instead of going further in the political side . 
  uk wanted a big market to make money and certainly not a political annoyance . 
  uk used the veto card at every turn when the subject was not `` more money , less talking '', 
  those guy should read harry potter again , and see what happen when you go down that `` pure blood '' road . 
  i was wondering the same thing . 
  how can you let something that big happen without a proper majority !, 
  `` on ne peut pas avoir le beurre , l'argent du beurre et le cul de la cr\u00e9mi\u00e8re '' the soft version ends like `` un baiser de la cr\u00e9mi\u00e8re '' ( kiss instead of ass ), 
  it sounds really better in french !, 
   yeah that 's how you make things french i guess , even a saying . 
  i know you like this version !, 
  just admit it , we all got some french inside . 
  when your grandmother tell you this one , you can not forget the lesson !, 
  oh come on , do n't be innocent . 
  uk did n't come in the eu by kindness or to help the poor european fellows !, 
  they needed it maybe more than many members . 
  being in the eu allowed the uk to became the link between the eu and the rest of the world 's market . 
  like i said before , hsbc , jpmorgan chase , goldman sachs , bank of america , citigroup and morgan stanley ... they all have large operations employing tens of thousands of people in the uk . 
  they have historically set up their regulated businesses in britain and then used its right to `` passport '' into the rest of the 28-member bloc . 
  they made shitlaod of money because of eu . 
  it 's not a matter of spiteful behaviour , kindness , punishment , or anything like that . 
  it 's only a matter of interest . 
  an organization wo n't give more benefits to a leaving member than it gives to the remaining ones . 
  it 's simple , logical and normal . 
  nobody wants to make uk pay for wanting to move , we 're just taking back the keys !, 
  it 's never been about punishing ... 
  it 's only about not giving all the benefits of eu membership to uk without any of the obligations . 
  there 's a french expression that i will try to translate ; `` you can not have the butter , the money for the butter , and the ass of the creamer 's daughter '' . 
  if your roommate decide to quit the appartment , yes he can stop paying the rent or the food but it seems fair that he can not access the appartment freely anymore , invite buddies or eat whatever is in the fridge . 
  uk is basically saying , `` i ' m sick of your little club eu but the market is good and asking for a visa is a pain . 
  i want to go freely on your territory , sale my stuff without taxes and all . 
  of course , your citizens wo n't be allowed to come in my country freely , i hate that . 
  and i wo n't respect any obligations of eu ... do we have a deal ? '',
