  shopping centres, 
  probably muhammed and mohamad , not very creative people, 
  i do n't have a precious army , you misunderstand my objection, 
  nothing you just said contradicts me, 
  yep , and the last independent thing the scots did before joining the union was bankrupt themselves trying to start a colony in panama, 
  we joined when it was just a single market and were never given the choice to exit till cameron fucked up, 
  you know what , you 're right , lying about statistics and intentionally misinterpreting what people say is a great way to make the world a better place . 
  russia has gas and needs to start wars to keep it 's dictator in power due to how shit their economy is, 
  if you looked at my original comment you 'd see i said there is a gap but lying about it wo n't help, 
  you lot want a european super state , we do n't, 
  and an army of course, 
  this would be relevant if the e.u was to stay just a single market , brexit would n't of happened , but you federalists got greedy, 
  no he lies about those facts and figures , saying women are paid significantly less for the same job is a bare faced lie . 
  yes obama used that same lie , does n't make it ok . 
  it just means that one party in your country has such a shitty history of lying about statistics it ca n't call the other one out when it lies like that, 
  which worked so well for greece which has a smaller deficit than scotland, 
  yup well done genius `` we '' killed her because of her policies , good reasoning . 
  i assume using your powerful logic i also stopped the trans-atlantic slave trade and gave the world modern physics and biology , well done me . 
  excuse me while i argue with someone who is allowed to cross the street without an adult, 
  [ winstons hiccup ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winston%27s_hiccup ), 
  brietbart is banned but it 's lefty equivalent the guardian is the source for every other post ? 
  well done you have evidence of an arson attack good job , you 'll find jo cox is the same person as the one in the other articles so if you could find the other one that 'd be awesome, 
  so no sources at all , i see , shall i take from your obsession with alcohol you are n't legally allowed to drink it yet ? 
  because you sound like an angsty 14 year old , with the grammar of a 10 year old, 
  if you 're talking about the home nations i never said they were , one of my best friends is a welsh nationalist , though yes there are strains of anglophobia in all the nationalist parties , they need a scapegoat, 
  you clearly have a better news source of current events in my country then i do , i have n't heard of any poles being burnt or of another nutter killing a politician , if you could share your source that 'd be fantastic , i 'm sure you are n't talking out of your arse or anything, 
  facts do n't interfere with your bias do they , in your world are northern ireland and scotland net contributors to the u.k ? 
  oh and what colour is the sky ? 
  no , i 'm going to behave as if the actions of a few do n't speak for the actions of the majority , ofc the racists in the u.k voted leave , but suggesting that 's the only reason to of voted leave would imply 52 % of the country is racist or moronic . 
  is disingenuous to say the least , you 'll find since our declaration of intent to leave there have been discussions about finally getting an e.u army among other horrific things , how many of your countryman do you think would object to that idea ? 
  oh sorry , the first lie that irritated me was the gender wage gap , if we want to get pay parity we need to stop lying about the facts women are n't making 73 cents on the dollar because they are paid less for the same work , when hours worked and profession are taking into account the gap all but dissappears and we wo n't be able to work out how to make sure women end up in higher paying jobs till we stop lying about the issue, 
  thank you xx , hope they actually vote to leave our evil dictatorship next time they are given the option, 
  good point but i think they 'll have a hard time kicking glasgow out of scotland, 
  anecdotal evidence wo n't fly with me i 'm afraid, 
  you 'll find the anglophobic people from ex colonies also hate other ehtnic groups , mel gibson and jewish people for example or indian people hating ethnic minorities in their own country , so probably not people you should side with, 
  i love the way you people use the term little englanders without having the slightest idea of the origin of the term, 
  well losing parasitic constituent states is a gain in my book, 
  interestingly enough during the war the italians dropped propaganda telling the british soldiers they could feign tuberculosis using their smegma, 
  loved his show till i saw him take on issues i knew he was lying about , makes me wonder how much of his original episodes were bullshit, 
  is n't it mostly inner city gang shootings and suicides though ? 
  elderly women tripping epidemic !!!!, 
  do we blame trump or brexit ?!, 
  panic !!, 
  ^ violent ^ crime ^ has ^ been ^ dropping ^ significantly ^ since ^ the ^ 90s, 
  the irony with him being the fearmonger general , if you want to watch how pathetic the man is watch his scottish independence show followed by his brexit show , he contradicts every single one of his points in the 2nd . 
  `` the scottish vote in parliment but hardly ever get what they want and that 's wrong '' `` the uk vote in the e.u parliment and hardly ever get what they want and that 's good '' `` the scottish want to leave and that 's ok because they are putting their own interests first ( despite it 'll fuck them over big time economically ) '' `` the english and welsh want to leave and that makes them racist because they are putting their own interests first ( despite it 'll fuck them over short term economically ) '', 
  it seems when the position of teacher is n't a prized position and they pay peanuts for what should be one of the most important jobs in society the phrase `` those who ca n't teach '' is quite accurate . 
  some of us are lucky and had half a dozen fantastic teachers at school who do it because they love teaching despite being paid peanuts . 
  but then the rest of the positions are filled by people who were n't good enough to do what they teach professionally * and go on power trips over children particularly those with potential, 
  do n't worry i 'm sure you 'll be asked to vote on the matter ... and if you get it wrong first time you 'll get a 2nd try ... then be ignored, 
  i do n't know what you guys were told but the referendum was `` should we stay in the european union '' not `` do we hate europeans '' you can all pretend it 's racist to not be a fan of an undemocratic federalized e.u if you want , but it wo n't stick, 
  we are hated by some small minded people across the world , business people like trading with us however, 
  maybe ... just maybe ... the narrative that we are all racists that just wanted to stop immigration is false ... http://www.366living.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/the-matrix-neo-chooses-the-red-pill.jpg, 
  and escaping a federalized europe , the thing most of us care about , but keep pretending it 's all about immigration if it helps you sleep at night, 
  you make it sound like we 're the basket case of europe that would n't of survived without the e.u , rather then one of it 's biggest contributors . 
  but hey whatever, 
  how ? 
  got ta keep the plebs in order , ca n't lose any more money and power, 
  probably long enough to outlive the e.u, 
  thanks to all the englishmen in your team , 
  used to have to wear shorts year round , now trousers year round , schools enjoy the power trip of being stupid about petty shit, 
  in what way the 1940s ? 
  our football team would n't be shit if it were the 40s for a start, 
  if it is it makes it ok ... 
  good point these cunts can kill millions of innocent german citizens because of some kind of national karma ... moron, 
  indeed , but israel has a huge parasitic non-secular community i ca n't remember the name but they are a big problem for them, 
  the labour party let party members vote on the leader and you used to only have to pay # 2 to become a member , so loads of people joined to vote , but they voted for the wrong guy and now the labour party have challenged his leadership and hiked the price to vote up to # 25 to prevent poor people and the working class ( their voters ) from selecting him again, 
  well the labour party not letting their electorate chose the party leader is pretty smegging funny, 
  original ... 
  lemonade stand ? 
  do n't tempt the tories, 
  islam is n't a race , it 's a stone age ideology, 
  mother teresa summed it up well , it 's in this video somewhere https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65jxnuw7wk4, 
  they are a tiny minority because they want to deport non english people using a dulex colour chart for who goes first , they are a tiny minority of the 17 million that voted leave , i did n't lose i could n't bring myself to vote for remain , they were lying and using fear tactics just as much as the leave campaign, 
  since when does a tiny minority speak for the majority ? 
  and your more than welcome to stay mate , competent , hardworking and stunning girls , why would anyone hate the poles ? 
  i 'm in bum-fuck bucks , ca n't find a fucking dentist anywhere, 
  do you not understand what a strawman is or are the most deluded person in the history of the world ? 
  no i 'm making the point as horrible as whats going on in munich is its a dozen people in a continent of nearly a billion , people are being slaughtered en masse in countries no one cares about , saying 2016 is bad because dozens of europeans have been killed says so much about whats wrong with the west, 
  nonsense , it 'd be like the continent the usa is on being called america, 
  yup , unionists are the bad guys , everyone on your side are angels, 
  this is where isis are going wrong , mutilating children would be fine if they wrote some catchy tunes, 
  did you even glimpse the map op posted ? 
  drop in tourism ? . . 
  why ? 
  if their economy is as weak as you predict barcelona will be packed with tourists, 
  everything you mentioned pales into insignificance compared to the horrors is brought to iraq/syria in 2015 , people just like being over dramatic, 
  isis and cancer killing ziggy stardust and hans gruber oh and parkinsons killing muhammed ali, 
  did n't your top radio presenter get held hostage in norwich by a terrorist a few back ? 
  yeah heres the video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwvwuo9uw0u, 
  still far more likely to die in a car accident then by terrorists by a long long way, 
  well if we wait too long another european city will be attacked, 
  even if the rest of europe did it first ? 
  pretty sure it has been since the 50s, 
  ... have you ever even opened a history book ? 
  well the euphiles will have a tough time painting us as the bad guys , so yes, 
  a toff who pretended he liked football around election time, 
  deadly being the operative word, 
  i 'm sure the source you have for all newspapers in the u.k being anti-eu is reliable and all , but the guardian posted the pro-eu bullshit that stopped me voting remain, 
   take your shoddy excuse for an island yeah it 's weird it 's not like we have a reason to resent the mainland but hay-ho , btw the way the e.u is heading the yanks are less likely to go fascist than you guys are,
