  `` democracy is good when people agree with me '' - mcfluffybutt 2016, 
  tbh if it were n't for glasgow i 'd actually want them to stay in the u.k, 
  ... churchill ? 
  assuming the passage of time will lead to less skepticism rather than more , if the u.k does well outside there could be an exodus, 
  trump is n't as empty a vessel as bush , he 's a whole different kind of stupid, 
  i really ca n't see a scenario where we 'd side with the mainland over the states , we 'd probably offer to be an unsinkable carrier, 
   the eu is able to defend itself several times over , in fact , we could force a stalemate against the us itself . 
  really you have the french and the germans and you think you could hold off the states ? 
  according to this sub a month ago the only reason wwiii did n't kick off was the e.u. . . 
  as they should , it 's not the american taxpayers job to secure europe , bring on a european army , after neglecting to let the people of europe decide ofc , as is tradition, 
  both running at huge deficits i have to pay for ... 
  but no i 'm sure the fact a lot of you wasted money studying drama at uni means you are inherently better than england and wales, 
  good point , if your own government is n't democratic why not double the fun ? 
  well . . 
  yes ? 
  ! , do you think we want northern ireland ? ... 
  or scotland ... 
  it was totally clear douchenozzle, 
  good call , i do love a pie chart , not sure on the rules though she was born in italy, 
  diana ( [ overrated is an understatement ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xfnri-lvqu ) ) , elizabeth i ( to be fair she was born well ) , john lennon ( great musician ... but that 's it ) , cromwell !?!?!, 
  do you want the irish to start bombing us again ? 
  this list deserves more points , people throw in celebrities and it infuriates me , i 'd be tempted to throw in more writers ( tolkein , wodehouse and dickens ) but shakespeare kind of is the most important writer of the language so agree there , darwin led to modern biology , newton to physics , brunel to the industrial revolution , faraday watt and maxwell no where near enough credit given to them . 
  wilberforce great humanitarian ( check out amazing grace those of you who have n't seen it ) without churchill who knows how bad the world would be these days , think isis is bad ? 
  imagine a nazi party with only stalin to contend with . 
  i 'd maybe replace nelson ( great at what he did but i do n't know if being awesome at is always a good thing ) , maybe turing the 20th centuries babbage ? , freeman dyson , fleming , hawking , paine . 
  or maybe ida lovelace , it 's a bit of a meatfeast, 
   we should trust in the uk but you had the vote in the uk , just as we did in the e.u , sure nothing you voted for counted but apparently that 's not a problem the e.uphiles tell us, 
  nope on this sub 100 % of scots voted to stay and 100 % of the english are racist and tricked the poor welsh into voting 50.00001 % into leaving, 
  i 'm looking forward to all the germans that are having wet dreams about the english `` losing '' scotland over this , realising scotland are an economic shiteshow and they 'll have another country to bail out next recession, 
  well the fact housing prices are going to fall is going to help my generation a hell of a lot seeing none of us can afford housing and spend most of our cash renting, 
  right so the majority of the welsh and 38 % of scots are english nationalists ... fucking moron, 
  what planet are you living on ?!, 
  what english nationalism ? 
  st georges flag is no where to be seen , stop talking crap, 
  ask the bank of england, 
  `` after his appointment '' glad we 're leaving this union seeing a sexist is in charge ... 
  well this sub has spent the last few weeks implying everyone who voted leave is de facto a racist , so you can understand his reaction, 
  `` a country with half of it 's population worshiping morons like johnson and farage . '', 
  ... sauce ? 
  you do n't have to worship someone to agree with them on a single issue, 
  catholics breed like rabbits ( no offence ) , republicans will be the majority eventually, 
  how the hell do you know why people voted leave ? 
  i do n't know anyone who voted to keep eastern europeans out , mostly there are against the federalist direction the union is heading, 
  `` lose scotland '' in the same sense as losing a tumor ? 
  demeaning british logic on the www , europhile logic, 
  pulled from your arse, 
  we are n't going to the moon, 
  maybe we should arrest him ... 
  [ mayhem ] ( http://c8.alamy.com/comp/acbw2a/people-relaxing-in-st-james-park-on-a-sunny-spring-day-with-london-acbw2a.jpg ), 
  finland is nordic , finland is n't scandinavian, 
  thanks nato xx, 
  i 'm not an expert on the franco-prussian war but my understanding is the french wanted to stop a unified germany and ended up creating it by starting a war and losing it ? 
  so 1-0 , then wwi was a stalemate and france needed the uk to hold a draw and the americans to come in and claim victory , then wwii total german win followed by an allies `` win '' , how did france win any ? 
  least interesting data ever ? 
  welsh independence supporters + people who if given the choice between a non e.u uk or an `` independent '' e.u wales < 50 % by a long long way, 
  =p it 's almost as if we could find the best and worst examples to compare any area [ sudan ] ( https://c7.staticflickr.com/1/100/304982054_d60f58016f.jpg ) [ new york ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/660/media/images/81963000/jpg/_81963416_getty-hi026513622.jpg ), 
  asking the people how they want the e.u to govern them , in a democratic referendum is n't really compatible with the e.u, 
  nope , not just heads of state , else the queen would be involved . 
  heads of state or heads of government , which again depends on how democratic the individual countries are , david cameron only got 36.1 % of the vote , so people quite rightly do n't want people like him making laws in the dark behind 20 layers of bureaucracy, 
  and assassinated an mp last week , does n't mean they are numerous enough to be significant, 
  i think it 's a brand new expression , i believe it 's an american thing that 's catching on , basically just bitter/angry , unfortunate because salty was already an expression to describe coarse language, 
  but does the e.u want scotland ? 
  or does it want london ? 
  there are 650 seats in parliament , ukip has 1 of them, 
  what would a 3rd option be ? 
  oh fair play did n't see that at the time , spose my excuse for not voting for them next elections gone , thanks, 
  sure , but you 'll have another greece on your hands they feel entitled to everything under the sun, 
  why are you misusing it then ? 
  maybe we have different social circles , either way the narrative people on this sub are pushing that all 52 % voted entirely on that basis is bewildering, 
  oh my bad it 's our fault when you and the aussies do things , of course i shoulda known , with your trail of logic blaming current generations for the actions of others , should n't of been a shock to see you try to claim some ridiculous moral high ground like that, 
  and is spending their time shitting on them , that they always hated them and that they are inherently racist for dying, 
  no being told by the media it was a referendum on whether being racist was ok was the problem , i do n't know a single leave voter who voted on anything `` racial '' just economic and political, 
  then surely abusing this german woman is ok because what `` they '' did 70 years , or are we on a huge hypocritical anglophobic cicrlejerk ? 
  sorry to burst your bubble , but if anyone understands what the word karma means it 's the indians, 
  how 's that extermination of native americans coming along ? 
  racism : no longer includes saying ` others ' are bad people based on their cultural or ethnic origins , calling english people racist = fine , leaving a political union = racist, 
  yeah no chance her neighbours are nice people , some of them most of voted to leave a political union and are therefore racist ... can someone explain what the fuck you guys are talking about ? 
  was it racist when we voted for the wrong contender on xfactor too ? 
  -12 and counting , apparently not , democracy is overrated anyway . 
  long live the people 's democratic republic of europe , no wrongthink !, 
  well yeah , if the eu goes down the captain has to go down with the ship of course you care, 
  obama got to the back of the que in about 10 minutes , a few of the commonwealth countries came to our aid too , if anyone could afford to leave it was us, 
  they did retract their application process the other day though did n't they ? 
  aaaand you do n't understand european trade either ... 
  i 'll leave you to your bigotry , just so you know the dutch have a 2 % split on leaving , as i 'm not an arsehole , for the sake of your country i hope you guys get out before the ship sinks xx, 
  oh i remember that guy , got me to vote for him on the promise he would n't raise student tuition , then got into power and enabled the tories to triple tuition and set them up for a overall majority in 2015 and leading to the referendum ... 
  still waiting on an apology, 
  seriously ? 
  have you looked at scotland 's finances ? 
  are you deaf ? 
  we did n't vote on immigration , we voted on getting out of the union, 
  oh i see you are just ignorant , here you go have some statistics https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugees_of_the_syrian_civil_war probably also important to point out , by definition a civil war is started by people in that country . 
  and sorry to break reality to you but it 's not racist to leave a political union the only horrifically moronic racist distasteful comments , aimed at people of another nationality i see from brexit , are from people saying shit like `` i really wanted britain to stay in eu . 
  now i want them to leave as fast as possible and in the most humiliating way possible just to remind them how many lives were lost during ww2 fighting against dictators , nationalism and racism . '', 
  your welcome for the help in saving you from the spanish , means a lot to know you do n't hate us for anything petty, 
  shame you wo n't be able to read douglas adams anymore, 
  the mafia do n't break your bones because you were late on your payment , they do so because the other businesses on your street were starting to doubt their commitment, 
  we 've been wanting rid of the scottish for a loooong time , northern ireland cost us almost as much as scotland in pocket money and the republic of ireland ca n't afford to keep it afloat , gibraltar wo n't want to leave and we did n't want a say in a federalised united states of europe we just wanted a trade union, 
  the rest of the e.u need to demonise the uk and hope they fail else the e.u will come crashing down around them as there is a hell of a lot of people around europe that hate the e.u, 
  the tories can replace him at anytime with anyone currently an mp , problem is they won the election with a historically small percentage of the vote , so choosing someone no one voted for like boris would cause a lot of anger they would be brave/reckless to let him lead us out of the e.u without a mandate , so a general might be called where we can get rid of the tories , but as usual our useless first past the post system will hand the tories control again if people vote for the party they want rather then against the party they hate,
