not where the similarities end , 
  ah my bad , i read that as the bad kind of nationalism as in ukip/bnp thought you were just spouting the nonsense i usually see on this sub , carry on, 
  ... gunna be funny watching you burn, 
  really not sure is sarcy or not = s, 
  haha perfectly sums up the e.uphiles, 
  a dead weight that is a huge net contributor and stops you doing stupid shit like setting up an army, 
  really i have n't seen any , you getting confused with france ? 
  ... she was elected, 
  sure , if you study at oxbridge , but encouraging middle and lower class kids to get into huge debt to study a degree at a crap uni that wo n't make them more employable is sociopathic, 
  yes , it 'd be funny if we beat you in 2020, 
  then you know what to do , carry some rocks up it and build a pile 8 metres high, 
  if we can into nordic the estonians will go crazy, 
  far too many liberal arts degrees being pumped out of degree mills in the u.k , stem students do fine . 
  if you pay # 9k a year for a liberal arts degree you are n't intelligent enough for a real job , stem students on the other hand should have their course subsidized , they are actually useful to society, 
  in their minds the eu is perfect and the only reason to want to leave it is racism , the vast majority of the uk obviously want free trade , just not the whole impending disaster that is the e.u, 
   next we need to give funds to regions that had eu funds . 
  we already do, 
  were you dropped on your head as a child ? 
  i love it when the french call us racist because farage and his party have 1 seat out of 650 , and then look at the front nationale poll numbers ... 
  let it go, 
  he did n't call you stereotypicaly potato headed irish scum , he called you irish calm you tits, 
  it 's a bit complicated labour win towns and cities and the conservatives win more rural areas , then our 3rd party the lib dems get loads of votes but are spread out between built up areas and rural areas so they hardly ever win seats , if labour do as badly as predicted they 'll lose seats to the lib dems but the conservatives will hold down enough seats to win again , perhaps with another record low % of the vote . 
  long story short first past the post is a shitty system and fucks the middle class over in this country, 
  by train ? 
  ridiculous sub on some issues, 
  you have plenty of old money as well as middle class folk who have done zip but inherited a small loan from their father, 
  that family own some of the most expensive areas in london, 
  yup , i 'm the one dreaming of empire ... 
  * 2 golds , you missed my point entirely i 'm responding to the point that conquest = sporting success , but yeah we are better then you atm we 've got quite a few good gold medal hopes coming up , because we invested a lot of money and effort leading up to 2012 not because of conquest, 
  do n't pretend you do n't already http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_4uhevozjk3q/s0vd5bsbqfi/aaaaaaaaaic/2xt7thbs0uw/s400/hairy_beach_dude_for_jesus.jpg, 
  the catholic church is still controlling billions by banning condoms and keeping women in perpetual pregnancy and their countries 3rd world shitholes, 
  do you understand the term world peace or is it lost in translation ? 
  from bad to worse, 
  read some orwell, 
  there was a clear demand for world peace from the young population of the 60s , how 'd that turn out ? 
  people grow up and accept reality, 
  realising why people did vote to leave yet ? , if not give it a few more hours of abuse from the pro federalists, 
  south america take olympic football very seriously , europe less so , the uk does n't even send a team, 
  i wonder if the police have shiny new shoes on monday ... 
  meh silver is the first of the losers , should only count in case of a draw, 
  why are the nordics not at the top then ? 
  or the french , spanish and portuguese . 
  hell the city of rome should be top on it 's own, 
  it 's still technically winter, 
  did we have any doubts ? 
  she has done 0 on brexit so far all she 's done is go on a meet n greet tour of world leaders . 
  which is the opposite of an isolationist approach, 
  gothenburg has batmanburg though so at least the criminals face some justice, 
  clever of them to trick the e.u into doing stupid shit for the last 40 years to make half the people that hate farage vote to leave aswell, 
  you think it 's painful ? 
  it 's us that are going to have to dig a bigger trench and pull the islands off the continent ... oh hang on we are leaving the e.u not europe ... 
  i forgot, 
  is n't that usually when you are in a country you should n't of been and sweep the deaths under the carpet ? 
  yup your right , putin is really popular over here , we even have a mural of him and trump in bristol ... 
  our american neighbours , dishonour the language with their humourless behaviour removing the splendour of our forefathers labour in producing a vocabulary with colourful flavour, 
  do n't worry if he 's welsh by `` sex slaves '' he means a flock of woolly sex slaves, 
  yep because the u.k holds no intrinsic value ... we 'll be fine do n't worry about us, 
  not because we left , because countries using the euro will leave too, 
  lose some power ? 
  if the u.k does n't turn into a 3rd world country the euro is doomed, 
  ( you 're a moron ), 
  ( votes for neither because they are both shitty options but is realistic about the implications of leaving a huge unrepresentative bureaucracy when we can have a smaller one which has to be held accountable for the screwing over of the working class in england ), 
  you bally well are informed , jeeves !, 
  do you know everything ? 
  oh no those huge multi-nationals might have to pay a living wage, 
   all that glitters is n't gold not all those who are lost wander, 
  and if your currency is n't the euro, 
  who 's to say they were n't majority remain voters ? 
  it 's a historical fact before the e.u no brit ever left the island, 
  we wish , how 'd you feel about alabama leaving the u.s.a ? 
  besides they 've cottoned on to the fact they 'd be economically screwed if they left he english teat and polls show they would vote to stay in the u.k again . 
  most of us want to leave, 
  chileans love us for fighting the argentine 's , hang on we are fighting them in the 7s right now, 
  hope solo is a very shitty person anyway so that 's fair enough, 
  how creditable is that though ? 
  was it an independent poll ? 
  you can critise islam while the swedes and germans are distracted thinking of excuses for their sexual assult problems and get away with it, 
  but it 's always the minority that are the problem, 
  we did n't want anyone not english to be manager it 's something we had a problem with with sven and capello nothing xenophobic we just think an englishman would care more . 
  this is a federalist e.u sub , they are for this shit, 
  if he had said he 'd resign if we voted out it 'd be closer to 72 % than 52 %, 
  when the exit is particularly narrow sometimes i look at a fatty and think , `` you 'll kill us all '', 
  quite a few people thought one was emerging in brussels, 
  countries by alphabetical order ? 
  hairdressing should be paid the same as offshore oil riggers ? 
  they did ... 
  defying gravity is a symptom of the racist patriturkey, 
  name 1 country less racist, 
  how is that relevant ? 
  the vast majority of prisoners are men , is the country misandric ? 
  american influence bastardising the language , hatred of the poles is just xenophobia they whiter then us , but it 's part of the regressive left being too trigger happy with the word racist . 
  even then i think it 's mostly just old people complaining about poles, 
  you were n't arguing before , just spouting nonsense, 
  that 's a far more reasonable claim , though the soviet union did the most . 
  even satan on the panel was impressed, 
  best thing about this is graham norton does our commentary ... who does yours ? 
  we keep stealing irishmen to do it, 
  i wonder why they earn less, 
  i 'm impressed by your simple english, 
  they are protesting over the police killing a wannabe gangsta back in 2011 , the only actual case of our police shooting someone controversaly , i think we 've had this millennium is that brazilian guy , who looked pretty caucasian .
