  these people are pathetic , part of the new lefty culture of claiming oppression points where ever you can, 
  i do n't hate france just the absurdity that france won wwi , they were on the winning side , they did n't `` win it '', 
  wrong sub for reason , they ca n't quite comprehend there are large segments of the continent that agree with the stance the u.k took on huge issues like an e.u army and euro but we were the only country with a voice . 
  they 'll try and push through all the destructive policies we stopped and drive up anti-e . u polls continent wide . 
  to scotland , kill 2 birds with one stone, 
  fox `` news '' tactics , and yet people beleive the left are n't dishonest, 
  funnily enough norway and switzerland would be the highest seeing the people pretty much are the military, 
  true but i think it 's our lovely new arabic infused culture that is responsible for the real antisemitism , because apparently it 's liberal to tolerate intolerance if the perpetrator is n't white, 
  none ? 
  lost our empire and all our gold to grind down the nazis till the soviets got their act together . 
  but under no circumstances can the french claim they won wwi when they would of been screwed on their own , they held a draw with us and the yanks turned up late to push the balence, 
  bus simulator irl , awesome they should make a game of that, 
  in what possible way can you say france won wwi ? 
  ffs , people kill all the smegging time , terrorist or not this is n't peculiar enough to get hyped up about, 
  no room for common sense with giant bureaucracies , who needs local cultures when you can have a giant multi-national selling the same crap you get everywhere else in the world, 
  i sometimes get the feeling this sub is the embodiment of people who say they 've read animal farm and 1984 , but really hav n't, 
  moronic list , of course malta and monaco is among the least visited , they can only host a limited number of people . 
  they are however up there in terms of places people want to go . 
  maybe account for size of the resident population ? 
  scale , there 's like 50-60 games in a world cup spread out around the country , the olympics is a huuuuge project and it 's almost entirely in rio, 
  talking to women is illegal in nottingham too , so i assume men talking to women who are n't english counts as a hate crime, 
  democracy is over rated, 
  hard to sympathse with them , bout time they stopped scavenging off of shipwrecks and worked for a living, 
  it 's funny because one tit who was on the leave side said that and he therefore speaks for 52 % of the people , hahahahaha please some more of that stereo typically fantastic german humour please, 
  same arguments i hear from the welsh , as an englishman i just ca n't understand it , but then our language is pretty safe, 
  bristol , deepest darkest wales ( the middle not the built up areas ) and cambridge , or any of the shires in general on a nice day but we do n't have many of those, 
   i did n't call you anything i think . 
  i 'm criticising the sub not you, 
  and a `` good luck ! '', 
  paris, 
  wow , if you guys do n't want her we 'll have her , we do n't have a charismatic centrist atm, 
  about how we could improve europe without resorting to name calling people that disagree with the narrative, 
  yank is the english term for americans, 
  this sub is 50 % circle jerking about how awesome the e.u is and the other 50 % about how awesome norway is doing, 
  with obama being given a peace prize before he 'd done anything and kissinger being given one after doing a lot to avert peace , i think the value of a peace prize is muddied, 
  because the unions do a lot for scotland , what good does either of the unions do for the working class in england ? 
  we can always up it to 10p at some point , the amount of shit i had to put up with as a till monkey when it was introduced in wales , if it had been that high to begin with i 'd of been stabbed, 
  they 'll still chat a hell of a lot of shit about us in the mean time of course, 
  we 've also had that season we get every few decades , whats it called , sommor ? 
  you know the one when it is n't raining and it 's not cold . 
  sun has been shining since brexit, 
  obvious , yet so many people on the continent and this sub are yankophobes . 
  they are n't perfect but the worlds a far better place for having them . 
  maybe they are due a bit of respect, 
  good point , we should vote to kick you out and stop wasting money on you . 
  send our own kids to uni on the savings, 
  looking forward to when lazy incompetent people get our fair share of top jobs too , why should the qualified always got important jobs !, 
  the american states have official state , flowers , birds , dinosaurs , haircuts , they are crazy for that stuff, 
  frenemies for life < 3, 
  compared to coconuts falling on peoples heads it 's nothing , ( about 150 a year apparently , this year terrorists might beat them though ), 
  well no he 's a fantastic pope on many issues , he 's just shit on defending theism at all costs, 
  there were like 2 semi-intelligent people hi-jacking those planes , the others quite possibly did n't know it was a suicide mission . 
  and since then we have had people setting fire to their genitalia and sending girls with downs syndrome and suicide vests on missions , these retards are n't intelligent . 
  maybe the people who control them, 
  i think johnny is the guy from that satirical news show on youtube , the one with the genocide denying cink uyger and his co-host ana turksdidnothingwrongian, 
   indeed it is . 
  on two fronts . 
  one with islamist extremists and far-left apologists , second with our own , right wing ones . 
  and moderate middle is being crushed more and more ... and yeah , our deflated elites are unfortunately in fault here . 
  * fixed that for you, 
  good job not escalating the fear mongering old man in a dress, 
  surely you should be touting [ dragon sausages ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/wales/6159630.stm ), 
  i hear we eat european babies, 
  yeah the chinese may shit in the middle of the louve but the english have the audacity to expect politeness from parisian waiters !!!, 
  the barbarians !!, 
  being against homophobia long precedes defending people identifying as apache attack helicopters, 
  their independence from the uk polls are in the 20s too i think, 
  my money is on an independent catalonia joining before scotland, 
  well he was n't going to be a moderate pacifist was he, 
  and had it been a serious defense for the policy that 'd be a valid criticism, 
  thank you, 
  south america does apparently https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_christmas_dishes japan does n't have turkey so they pre-order the traditional kfc to make sure they are n't sold out, 
  how will they work now that the sky is falling, 
  on this issue it really is , this sub has been spouting that for weeks, 
  statisticians are scientific because they make it clear they do n't know what the outcome will be only that they have a hypothesis , sociologists will suggest they understand the mindset of groups of people because they read a book once, 
  several weeks sounds kinda consistent and therefore stable , no ? 
  you know the tories only got 37 % of the vote last time and offered a referendum on something incredibly important without a plan for one of the outcomes ? 
  they are n't popular over here, 
  define stable ? 
  i 'm very much in favour of a proportional system as i hate the labour party only slightly less then the tories , but it really is n't as bad as this sub likes to believe over here, 
  no one has the slightest idea and pretending you do is ridiculous, 
  ah fair enough, 
  was von brauns team not part of the air force , did he have his own section ? 
  ... they started it, 
  to be fair the only time we hear german is during wwii films , though i know luft has something to do with air thanks to nena , cracking tune, 
  western europe , north america , the commonwealth ... you do n't eat turkey at chrimbo ? 
  the fact they did n't notice 52 % of the population was n't keen on the e.u. . . and that is kind of what sociologists like to pretend they understand, 
  you 're on / europe , they do n't like maths, 
  you mean where they live ? 
  yes , yes i do . 
  it 's the old manufacturing regions that get screwed by the tories, 
  whenever i see one of your comments on this sub i ca n't help but imagine you 're into self flagellation http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get/i0000hfgxff0cdaq/s/880/880/ashura-2.jpg keep up the good albeit painful work, 
  yeah facts have no place here !, 
  we can choose our political party, 
  the tool or the beverage ? 
  they have n't got their army yet , maybe in a few years they 'll try to invade us, 
  farcical, 
  goes to show sociology is n't a science, 
  the spanish flag that has the pillars of hercules in ? ... 
  we subsidise them and get bile back in return , i 'd rather we spent more on the welsh their bigotry is better banter,
