  and a mentor mentors a mentee . 
  a mentee is the person receiving the mentoring . 
  daily ( nearly hourly ) player . 
  i 'm level 35 . 
  only got 3 friends at the moment . 
  so i 'd appreciate an add . 
  eh , i think you 're right to . 
  i 've seen race defined as a group of people with a common heritage or as a group of people with defining physical characteristics . 
  but there 's not really much use being pedantic over what group is ` different ' enough to be a race when , for example , there 's practically no difference between hating all muslims and hating all arabs . 
  just to let you know ; the google play link does n't work for me on my galaxy s5 . 
  well , when you consider that male homosexuality was illegal as recently as 1993 , i 'd be happy with it just passing . 
  might not show tolerance but that 's like the definition of progressive . 
  we 're doing something right if we 're pissing off the wbc . 
  you must n't code . 
  because it 's true . 
  he does n't like them . 
  so we should n't either . 
  us clowns down south have never wanted ye ? 
  christ . 
  i seem to remember a fairly bitter civil war that set brother against brother , countrymen against countrymen . 
  and an animosity between ireland and the uk over the status of the north . 
  and not to mention the fact that all major political parties in the south have a republican ideology . 
  do n't fool yourself . 
  edit : [ for the downvoters . 
  ] ( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hola-better-internet/gkojfkhlekighikafcpjkiklfbnlmeio?hl=en ), 
  i think people as a whole like to bitch . 
  great , thank you !, 
  might do it for scroll lock since i sometimes type in game . 
  thanks for the idea !, 
  and this fella was after a few . 
  yeah , we used it when we had the punt , and a fair bit still do . 
  not too sure about the younger crowd who grew up on the euro . 
  a yank cereal produced in minnesota by an american company . 
  and it is n't even sold in ireland except in those foreign food sections . 
  yep . 
  ca n't get more irish than that . 
  obligatory `` damn , i 'm old '' comment . 
  that 's all well and good . 
  but when do you put the weed in it ? 
  first thing i thought of when i saw the double r and could n't stop laughing . 
  atheists are literally stalin . 
  516 days `` check game for phrase , ` wall knock downery ' '', 
  oh yes !, 
  i 'm so excited for the new kinect sports title !, 
  for the yanks !, 
  haha . 
  ( i say not knowing where hops are produced and hoping this does n't affect europe ), 
  fireman cat , fireman cat , fireman cat and his black and white ca ... wait . 
  it 's a penguin with what i believe is a rubber glove on his head . 
  it 's been ages since i 've seen it . 
  sorry ` bout that . 
  i was exactly the same as you , op . 
  turns out i had add . 
  medication and cognitive behaviour therapy has helped me have the drive and motivation to read again instead of just giving in to the instant gratification of tv , gaming , or the internet . 
  it might be worth looking in to at least . 
  getting treatment for it was without a doubt the best thing i 've done and has improved every area of my life . 
  hope it all works out for you !, 
  that dank indica . 
  i 'm a god . 
  just like dota 2 copied lol too , am i right ? 
  edit : no , but seriously . 
  the format shown is used in a lot of older rts games like aoe2 , starcraft : brood war and dawn of war . 
  and ireland . 
  look at this fancy fuck with his stapling printers . 
  my people !, 
  yes, 
  hey . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.facebook.com/youredm/videos/vb.240577849383245/832387940202230/?type=2&amp;theater ) another video of him . 
  do you know the song name ? 
  no problem . 
  thanks for that !, 
   [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/indicioussoul/videos ) something for you . 
  true , but irrelevant to the point really . 
  reddit makes it a link without the preceding forward slash now ? 
  cool . 
  this is a simple fix . 
  fuck the bullshit circlejerk comments . 
  here 's a good guide . 
  it 's a bit dated but still good . 
  good idea , thanks !, 
  he edited his post , ya silly billy . 
   how many facts about [ insert animal here ] could there possibly be ? 
  ca n't you just sum them up in one post ? 
  how about ... 
   how many facts about humans could there possibly be ? 
  ca n't you just sum them up in one post ? 
  granted , i 'm sure we have a lot more research on our own species , but that does n't mean bats are n't extremely complex animals . 
  too late . 
  do you really expect everyone in the world to pay attention to us current events ? 
  and to be fair , ye guys do have a lot of shootings . 
  i did hear about this one , but it really is n't that crazy to have not done so . 
  you see , op does n't want to actually give tobi constructive criticism . 
  he just wants to call out tobi in front of as many people as he can over a minor mistake . 
  if he just told tobi that , he would n't get the satisfaction of growing his epeen . 
  you 're so damn good at your job . 
  they decide to do this during the whole money-grubbing and luke smith fiasco ? 
  good fucking job , bungie . 
  i never realised it was possible to fuck up this badly . 
  well , he got a new fan and follower . 
  that was a great idea by him .
