that 's [ shelta ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shelta ) . 
  that 's slesh . 
  that was sublime !, 
  are you ever afraid that you 'll choke on it in your sleep ? 
  it actually makes sense that there 's no apostrophe on the end , by the way . 
  no personal pronouns use an apostrophe . 
  his , hers , its , for example . 
  thank you for everything you 're doing . 
  mdma and lsd have had a profound and extremely beneficial affect on my mental illness , more-so than any legal recourses i 've taken . 
  i hope that one day i may be able to take them in sessions with mental health professionals . 
  tsm is an esports organisation with teams in counter strike : global offensive , league of legends , and hearthstone . 
  `` wonnered '' looks like a bastardisation of the past tense of `` win '' . 
  so `` did tsm wonnered ? '', 
  is probably `` did tsm win ? 
  your name ... 
  did n't you used to be on halo 2 tricks ? 
  really wish they had n't put the last ro4 on today . 
  haha . 
  i see . 
  i got time to pick 'em so i do n't mind . 
  this event has been great , if not badly organised . 
  looking forward to this finals . 
  feel bad for the americans with the badly chosen start time . 
  america = the world in this situation , presumably ? 
  but it can be for those with phimosis . 
  hence the circumcision . 
  i genuinely thought they were dank . 
  it helps when it 's actually funny . 
  seriously , what is your problem ? 
  would you be such a cunt to someone in person ? 
  act online as you would in person . 
  the person on the other side of the keyboard is another human being . 
  you can make anything seem stupid out of context . 
  remove from the equation the shite associated with rage comics and this was a fun video . 
  really , lad ? 
  i 'm genuinely sorry if that 's the case . 
  i take back my first comment . 
  i know how you might feel . 
  but while it may make you feel better , it does n't help others . 
  i do n't judge you anyway . 
  i was initially hostile because i thought you were just trolling . 
  same to you . 
  from my experience with hammer , that railing is now bangable , yeah ? 
  the left images are before . 
  the right are after . 
  bet that was confusing . 
  thanks , mate . 
  i love the idea !, 
  russia 's a far deal better than the soviet union . 
  for what reasons would you say it worse overall ? 
  ed case and sweetie irie refix edit ? 
  that song got me into gorillaz when i listened to it on now that 's what i call music !, 
  48 ( ireland and uk series ) . 
  love it . 
  german autocorrect ? 
  you could make the same point and be less vitriolic about it . 
  it 's comments like these that reflect badly on this sub and movement . 
  people who write articles like this really need to read code complete . 
  fantastic video . 
  thanks very much for taking the time to do this , c0tton . 
  we 've a similar expression `` backarse of nowhere '' here in ireland . 
  this is n't a way to look at mental disorders . 
  like with adhd , people can -- and most do -- have symptoms of a disorder . 
  it 's when it is prominent and debilitating in many aspects of life that it becomes a disorder or can began to be looked at as such . 
  then diagnosis and treatment should be sought . 
  this is as ocd as someone wanting to keep their house clean ( it 's not , in other words ) . 
  no worries though , lad . 
  great contribution . 
  will there be sexy statistics released after this is all over with the distribution of clicks overall and over time ? 
  i need me some graphs and spreadsheets . 
  and as always , thanks for enabling my procrastination . 
  because cultural ties between the 6 and 26 counties are so black and white . 
  i 'm sure they start putting farls in their full breakfast at the border . 
  you still have the ability to right a wrong in the case of mistrials . 
  even if years later . 
  as often happens . 
  you ca n't when they 're dead . 
  but yes , you 're correct . 
  rehabilitation and treatment are far better than punishment . 
  and obviously getting rid of for-profit prisons is a must . 
  the size of america 's prison population per capita and the state in which they 're run is shameful . 
  i 'm from cork . 
  i always have farls . 
  and you ca n't get much further south than cork . 
  he is , though . 
  and that does n't matter for most here . 
  i guess you could say i 'm jelly . 
   untapped, 
  oh , you . 
  thanks . 
  that means a lot coming from a meme expert like yourself ( going by your comment history ) . 
  3 weeks cs : go app, 
  far-fetched does n't seem like the right word here . 
  it 's a kid 's literal interpretation of a phrase that an adult would n't think of in any other way than what calvin 's mam meant `` why are you doing that ? '' . 
  btw , i did n't downvote you . 
  you just have a different opinion . 
  you must n't be black or take illicit drugs . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/2wxah1/dara_%c3%b3_briain_did_us_proud/couyj9s?context=3 ), 
  to call rira and the pira or oira the same thing shows a fundamental ignorance of the situation in the north . 
  a mentee is mentored by a mentor .
