  i 'm a programmer myself and it never occurred to me . 
  i ca n't even remember what that feels like . 
  are you american ? 
  * you 're, 
  as in ` you are ' . 
  well there you go . 
  but it is . 
  a black comedy . 
  many irish comedies are black comedies actually . 
  i used to be with it . 
  then they changed what ` it ' was . 
  fucking destroyed . 
  i hope he finds it . 
  it must be around there somewhere . 
  what is speech if not deliberately made decipherable sounds ? 
  oh right , yeah . 
  but i think he was referring to parrot-parrot communication . 
  my name is ****** \u00d3 ******* . 
  most systems ca n't handle it . 
  it 's would have or would 've , not would of . 
  leaving loose tea or tea bags in boiling water is called ` steeping ' . 
  does england technically have the troubles ? 
  the * united kingdom * technically * had * the troubles . 
  england is one part of the country . 
  the north of ireland is another part . 
  and the troubles are in the past . 
  was there a need for a ftfy ? 
  they 're constituent countries of the larger union , otherwise known as a `` country '' . 
  since he did n't know the difference between england and the uk , i gave a description which is n't entirely wrong but does n't get into the intricacies of the uk 's politics . 
  and the event known as the troubles is over . 
  significant time has passed that if troubles were to flare up again , it would be a different episode in the north of ireland 's history . 
  if you want to elaborate or respond , just do it . 
  fuck this ftfy shit . 
  dude , it 's a cartoon . 
  those are wind turbines , not wind mills . 
  * wind turbine . 
  i think they 're contractually not permitted to say . 
  have you ever been to europe ? 
  that 's not true at all . 
  of course they play better with adderall . 
  nobody 's claiming that 's not the case . 
  untreated adhd is terrible for concentration and focus . 
  i refuse to use that term , however . 
  i have add . 
  adhd-pi is a terrible descriptor and nobody besides medical professionals have a clue what it means . 
  so if i tell anyone that i have it , they wo n't know what it is . 
  and then i have to describe how i am not hyperactive . 
  so no , i wo n't use it . 
  the american sports world probably . 
  of course . 
  i 'm in ireland , and do non-prescribed drugs constantly . 
  but i 'm talking about adderall . 
  i assume his logic is that he released classified information regarding the us 's crimes publicly and by extension , to russia and china . 
  that america has major sway in most of the countries of the world whose leaders would n't have the balls to turn down an extradition ` request ' is irrelevant obviously . 
  and clearly because snowden fled to a country where he has no fear of extradition for his crimes , that 's an admission of guilt . 
  allu is n't swedish . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  marijuana . 
  not even once . 
  it was n't just a humble brag though . 
  it was a humble brag that adding fucking nothing to the conversation . 
  it was clear you commented just to state it . 
  `` honey '' . 
  haha , wow , you 're mad . 
  do n't bullshit and maybe people wo n't call you out on it in the future ? 
  ktnx, 
  how much less could you care ? 
  in america maybe . 
  by the way , ` county ' generally comes before the county name . 
  unless you 're trying to distinguish between a town/city and a county . 
  so cork city and cork county for example . 
  i 'm fairly certain that everywhere besides the us uses normal sugar . 
  it 's not nice to call him an ` it ' . 
  and what 's his ambiguous ? 
  his name was yugi . 
  have you ever got checked for add , mate ? 
  i always have the same issues . 
  the tv show is game of thrones . 
  the first book is a game of thrones . 
  yeah , i 'm nitpicking . 
  it means he 's butthurt . 
  because you 're clearly projecting . 
  because nicotine by itself is n't inherently harmful ? 
  it 's a stimulant . 
  it 's still massively addictive , sure . 
  but it 's not that harmful . 
  so why not , if you enjoy it ? 
  well , cyprus is a member state of the european union . 
  i mean , it 's a joke that there 's no country from south america , but it is n't like cyprus is some obscure country . 
  edit : spelling . 
  with friends like those , you do n't need enemies . 
  i 've no doubt he can understand english . 
  but being unsure of the situations where he can use irish is the problem . 
  signs like these inform speakers that they 're free to use irish . 
  because you ca n't preface every conversation by asking if they speak irish . 
  you ca n't metabolise weed by eating it straight . 
  not me . 
  i 've never made one . 
  i would n't be into that sort of thing . 
  haha .
