  i think the uk is missing on a huge potential market for employment by constantly looking inwards . 
  to have even considered outside the uk you are seen as `` different '' by a lot of people here . 
  unless it 's to retire , in a 100 % british community in spain , doing all of the things that your average ukip voter hates foreign people for . 
  i would much rather have much more with the eu than to do with the commonwealth on an international level . 
  a curse of britain 's history , people seem to want these nations much more than europe to be ingrained in our lives , yet europe is much more similar . 
  i 've travelled all over and culturally , a romanian is much more similar than say , a zimbabwean , but tell that to ukip who seem to think of the commonwealth as all exactly the same and all waiting to embrace the uk with open arms . 
  ca n't help but feel they often fell asleep in history classes if they think alliance with the uk would be wanted . 
  or that they would be happy once they have burned the bridges with the eu to replace them with commonwealth ones . 
  i agree with you entirely . 
  europeans are culturally pretty similar in broad terms . 
  what would sell here would sell in germany and france etc. 
  its a much better business opportunity than these ex-commonwealth nations . 
  we are all of a relatively similar standing politically , economically , socially , etc. 
  i do n't think that some people in this country , particularly older people , can accept that britain is not a mighty empire that controls the world . 
  it is a small country with a good amount of wealth surrounded by other small countries with good amounts of wealth . 
  france and germany seem to be able to put their pasts behind them , whilst britain ca n't let go . 
  the biggest problem in the uk with eu elections is voter apathy . 
  the majority who vote feel very strongly , normally in the direction of negative . 
  the eu election turnout was 35 % or so , and ukip could n't even get all of the seats then . 
  i expect farage will be elected , along with maybe 2 or 3 others . 
  they 've had so many `` isolated incidents '' already , with xenophobic , homophobic , sexist and downright racist comments . 
  one mep has been suspended this week for `` repatriating eu money to the uk '' through the use of expense fraud , for example , whilst farage has this week backed up another mep who called a councillor of asian descent `` abu hamza '' . 
  in addition , farage has also this week taken every basic eu right to citizens , such as education and healthcare , and promised to deny them to anyone who is n't british for a minimum of 5 years if he is prime minister . 
  their true racist colours are beginning to show , they 're peaking too early , and contrary to what the daily mail believes , a lot of people do n't like them . 
  i also think when push comes to shove , the majority will vote to stay in the eu ( it 's almost entirely people who were old enough to vote the first time around who hate it , along with some very specific professions who do n't like the fact that the market has changed and they ca n't charge what they used to ) , farage will be forced to resign and without him there to deflect the daily gaffes they will be consigned to a footnote of history . 
  if the country does accidentally vote itself out of the eu with farage at the helm ... 
  i 'm not sticking around to find out what happens . 
  i 'm too vested in other places . 
  bravo , la france !, 
  well , my parents , and extended family , are daily mail readers and for the most part very pro-ukip , despite the fact that they themselves are only second generation british for the most part ( irish and russian before ) . 
  it was always made to seem , growing up , that america is pretty similar and just across the water . 
  france however is ( culturally ) far away and nothing like us , but good for holidays in areas surrounded by other british people . 
  same goes for spain . 
  germany was made to seem like the very worst a country could be like . 
  they had been * nazis * after all . 
  ca n't have changed much , can it ? 
  then i went to uni . 
  albeit in about the most `` white british '' town you can think of . 
  still did n't really help on that front . 
  then , as a compulsory part of my degree . 
  i had to go abroad for one year . 
  america was an option , but we were told it was cheaper to go to the eu . 
  so i did . 
  i arrived in germany and pretty quickly fell in love with the place , and the people ( quite literally , in one instance ) . 
  they had our humour ( much more than americans , who were also present ) , they drank like we do ( much more than americans ) , they liked the same things , did the same stuff , wore the same clothes , everything just felt very `` at home . '', 
  america just did n't feel that similar in comparison when i visited again . 
  it was n't as much like home . 
  looking at working there showed it * really * was n't like home , in terms of workers rights and such . 
  and so the change had begun . 
  i have now learnt german , actually properly studied french , and go back to where i was in germany at least once a year . 
  the change really happened because we did n't want to be `` british '' and `` german '' - very `` us and them '' - we are however , both `` european '' . 
  i tend to call them `` ukipites '' rather than `` kippers '' or whatever name they 've chosen for themselves , because i see them as the single biggest threat to the thing that made it possible for me to have the life i have , that want to drive a wedge between the uk and everyone else . 
  ah yes , there was a lot of that . 
  now i really miss it . 
  excise duties on alcohol are also some of the highest in the world . 
  lets do it . 
  erasmus year . 
  before then i 'd been a good little ukipite who thought that the uk should be considered as being in the middle of the atlantic ; closer to america than france . 
  never felt that way since ; learned other languages , got friends from other countries , travelled , etc. 
  now i feel much more at home across europe than in america . 
  the daily mail loves to stir up anti-eu and anti-german sentiment on a daily basis . 
  i do n't think they can forgive hitler for not giving them their ideal united europe , or for making them look bad in the aftermath . 
  do n't treat anything they write as being based on facts . 
  likewise , would quite like to visit both . 
  i have some good friends from both cities who i studied abroad with ; they 've all offered a spare bed and vodka . 
  would be great to hang out with them again . 
  whilst britain is famous for its queuing mentality , tube stations during rush hour are level playing fields . 
  megabus gold in the uk are about the nicest i 've experienced , but they 're not as nice as that ; you can get a bed though on the night services . 
  other good companies are idbus in france , and flixbus & amp ; meinfernbus in germany . 
  once took idbus from paris to london after interrailing ; more comfortable than the eurolines alternative , seats that actually reclined , power sockets , wifi , and the driver was n't shouting in czech at the passengers in the station . 
  agreed . 
  in honesty i think it 's a shame , but who am i to tell an adult who is not in the school system he needs it . 
  it would probably help him but he does n't expressly need it unless his job states he does . 
  the people who wind me up the most are the ones who * do n't even try * when they are going on holiday , like some of my friends . 
  you would think , if you know you are spending 2 weeks in another country , you would learn some basic things like `` where is the toilet ? '', 
  or `` i 'm highly allergic to peanuts '' ; nope , `` everyone speaks english , do n't they ? 
  '' , followed by me getting to play translator . 
  * grumbling intensifies . 
  tea is used to calm down . 
  just like last time i said that i believe languages should be compulsory throughout school and learning should be encouraged ; there are british people saying they should n't have to learn any because `` there is no need '' . 
  since you also do n't believe that they should be learned for communication purposes , here 's the same list of reasons why it should be needed i provided in the other thread :  [ here 's a list of reasons why someone should learn a foreign language . 
  ] ( http://www.britishcouncil.org/blog/does-being-bilingual-make-you-smarter )  [ here 's a report from the eu ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/ebs/ebs_386_en.pdf ) . 
  you 're looking for page 62 on that one for reasons to learn another language . 
   even that most unbiased of sources on matters involving other cultures , [ the daily mail ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2907330/being-bilingual-really-does-boost-brain-power-learning-language-10-years-age-changes-mind-s-white-matter.html ) , agrees with this consensus . 
   you need the access permissions for this ; but here 's [ an academic source ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1540-4781.1965.tb00862.x/abstract ) . 
  if those do n't satisfy you , i do n't know what will . 
  i had hoped a fellow polyglot would understand the benefits and why these should be encouraged through the schools . 
  if not even polyglots can be convinced that speaking more than one language should be necessary , there is n't really much hope for britain in this . 
  that 's simple . 
  aside from some of the british and irish ; everyone who posts on this sub who is a european is a polyglot . 
  in contrast to the `` snooty attitude '' ; look from the other side and see the `` proudly lazy and/or ignorant attitude '' of some people who speak english is a first language who believe the whole world should have to learn their language , but they should n't have to do any work in return . 
  effectively telling them that they should do all the work , whilst you make no compromise , is not going to win hearts and minds around here . 
  i do n't think for a second that the situation will improve itself ; the british mentality is n't set up for that . 
  these are just the major reasons i think it should . 
  its a cultural problem that needs to be addressed . 
  i do n't think it will be though ; not with the rise of the eurosceptics . 
  case and point . 
  i specifically remember you being one of the people who said that there is no chance of ever needing one for communication , so this is the other reasons : [ here 's a list of reasons why someone should learn a foreign language . 
  ] ( http://www.britishcouncil.org/blog/does-being-bilingual-make-you-smarter ) [ here 's a report from the eu ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/ebs/ebs_386_en.pdf ) . 
  you 're looking for page 62 on that one for reasons to learn another language .
