  no wonder . 
   british cooks why would anyone do that to themselves ? 
  that 's what we have italians in this representation for !, 
  i had to read it aloud to get any of it , and even then not all of it . 
  what dialect is that ? 
  huh , never heard almost any of those . 
  in the south they are a `` roll '' , `` bap '' or `` buttie '' - the latter usually coming from a dodgy van on the side of the road , as part of a sandwich that 'll rip the rough your intestines like a hurricane , whilst a bap comes from a cafe and a roll from a supermarket or bakery . 
  who speaks hochdeutsch anyway ? 
  i havent met many sikhs , i live in a rural part of the uk and have only ever really lived in rural places . 
  i 've not really heard anything bad about them , when i have seen them they seem to be well assimilated into the local culture , i 've never heard anything negative about them and everyone from the greens to ukip seem to get along with them ( bnp probably hate them , but they hate everyone ) . 
  i 'm of a neutral opinion ( due to lack of real interaction with anyone from the sikh community ) but they are no detriment to the country . 
  do n't forget gema would n't be able to destroy youtube any more as well if there is a single eu version . 
  these tend to be economic migrants , hence why they have destroyed their id cards and ignore the fact they are supposed to claim asylum in the first safe country they reach . 
  i 'm sorry , when did we become responsible for their image ? 
  we 've done our part to guard our border , and made it much better . 
  we have done what should have been done to deter them . 
  specifically the bit about american companies being able to take over utilities , and letting them sue if the state tries to nationalise them . 
  this mostly comes from living in a country with a private rail infrastructure and partially-private government services . 
  long night on a megabus ( not gold ) does not a good debater make . 
  my bad . 
  i still wonder how skewed those figures are though . 
  off the books work and such like . 
  i 'll look into it once i feel human . 
  it 's a pity really , the most major thing the eu has come up with that would actually be fundamentally against what the british people want , and ukip are n't standing up to it . 
  it really is 5 shades of the same shit . 
  i blame the daily mail . 
  its a pity it seems that only the greens have had the nerve to say they would look at it rather than push on through to maintain that `` special relationship '' which is so special only british parties know about it . 
  i had at least hoped ukip would have seen some potential to rile up the middle classes over it and generate some press , what with the `` ukip appeasement program '' the conservatives have gone with . 
  it 's rare i side with the `` this is not in our national interests '' camp but i 'll make an exception . 
  as a brit ; if cameron is a highly active supporter of something in the eu , be afraid of it . 
  no good comes of him getting involved in something like that . 
  5.5 - not bad guys , although how much of ~ ~ that 94.5 % employed ~ ~ the number of employed people is zero-hours contracts i wonder ? 
  agreed . 
  you can make a survey say whatever you want . 
  not exactly a clear question is it ? 
  stay friends with russia ? 
  you or anyone else . 
  immigration or the eu are the scapegoats for everything . 
  we call it `` the nigel farage effect '', 
  the ability to hold a pint and a cigarette at the same time * to listen to him , you would think the british were a * master race * , the last bastion of civilisation , and his followers lap it up constantly . 
  if he is allowed near power , i will certainly pull forward my departure plans . 
  i agree with you entirely . 
  i think [ this gentleman had the best opinion i have ever heard in politics . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0m4hexu-tfg ) i love the applause that follows throughout , leaving nige there laughing like an idiot and whilst making the uk look like a bunch of assholes in front of the whole eu . 
  when he starts nodding and gawping at 0:57 like he 's saying `` aww diddums '' , i really begin to understand why some people can condone violence . 
  strangely enough , i do n't think this was * ever * shown on the british media . 
  especially not farage smugly nodding that `` nobody is going to hear this '' when he talks about how the british people will never know of how much money , power and reputation he cheats them out of . 
  edit : eurgh , the way he smiles , nods and says `` good ! '', 
  when they say `` we will do it together or if necessary without you mr farage '' . 
  i really hope that it was n't . 
  almost any explanation would be better than that . 
  i 'd say nowadays its getting there . 
  most things that its missing , such as specific channels for employees to go down to challenge employers , are missing because it was the uk government , of all governments , who vetoed them out . 
  the uk does n't seem to be able to accept its place as a reasonably small , very wealthy nation in europe which is not that powerful on its own , surrounded by other reasonably small , very wealthy nations in europe who are not that powerful on their own either . 
  even then , not all the conservatives want out . 
  a lot of my family are conservative ( we 're southern ... ) and they love the eu , mainly because of cheap wine from france , and cheap plumbers and electricians and whatever . 
  it 's not the ideal view of why the eu is a good thing , but it keeps them happy and on the eu 's side , so it 's good enough . 
  true . 
  they 'll have their noses locked back into farage 's backside the day after . 
  nah , in terms of how far to the right they are . 
  they 're the most respectable of that lot by far . 
  daily mail and bild could be translations of one another , with `` british '' and `` german '' switched around . 
  they are turning people more and more xenophobic though . 
  people see something , think it looks legit , share it , their friends think it must be true therefore , etc. 
  great use of viral marketing for a vile cause . 
  police protection is fine . 
  he is either the most loved or most hated man in the nation , depending on your views of the eu . 
  i would like that all of them got protection but i do n't see it happening . 
  to people like me , who like the eu and are not nativists . 
  he needs to actually launch into a tirade against britain first , like he does on anything and everything the eu does , if he wants to distance himself from them . 
   when it leaves the eu . 
  if * also , britain first are the most dangerous movement of the lot . 
  their facebook propaganda division is doing quite well after all , and they 've now supposedly organised their own paramilitary `` protection squadron '' for nigel farage out of their ex-servicemen contingent and a few surplus military vehicles . 
  as it was at first considered ok to call humza yousaf `` abu hamza '' one could turn around and use that logic call paul golding `` heinrich himmler '' although the name is probably a bit too german for his liking . 
  invoking godwin 's law yes , but not in my personal opinion ; rather to characterise the behaviour that the far right saw as acceptable until the massive backlash , by using the same level of exaggerations against them . 
  i know farage never asked for those `` protection squadrons '' before you say , but he needs to * very * publicly denounce them as the racists who make the country look bad that they are , rather than let them continue threatening anyone who does n't like ukip , or does like the eu . 
   personally i think that the moment that the uk is back in control of immigration , brits will become more relaxed about it . 
  i think currently the fact that we are not in control is the problem . 
  you have a more optimistic view of ukip , britain first , the bnp , edl and other eusceptic movements than i do . 
  its quite scary when ukip are the most left-leaning , sane bunch of the lot , and even they want to close the borders for a few years . 
   no , my point was not getting these people to come to the uk , but that just as those countries have high levels of inwards immigration , so would the uk . 
  you often mention them as sources of places you would like to see more of . 
   when did brits become so defeatest ? 
  as the open europe report indicates , this is very unlikely . 
  when it stopped trying to be an active member of the eu and started wanting to derail it , or at least itself , rather than work together with our reu counterparts . 
  you might be pro-immigration yourself , but have you looked at the people you 're sharing a platform with ? 
  you might get your australians , canadians , americans and new zealanders you often talk of , but i do n't see your south koreans , indians or others that you normally mention being so accepted by the majority of the ukip cause . 
  i personally do n't think the uk has it in it to be anywhere near as successful as it is at the moment without the eu . 
  it will lose a lot of trade because it wo n't sign any agreement which could lead to immigration ( due to the ukip majority , rather than yourself ) , it will have large trade barriers making british products expensive to the rest of the world , meaning it will become a second-world state unless it slashes all of those silly eu workers rights , like minimum wages , unions , maximum working hours and environmental legislations in order to continue to make it competitive despite the trade barriers it will impose on itself to keep out immigrants . 
  you know , like china or india or bangladesh are in order to make themselves competitive despite the distance . 
  14 hour days and very little pay at the end of it . 
  the good news is however , that if that were to happen , the immigration `` problem '' would solve itself . 
  people would after a few years be leaving in droves to get away from the beijing-esque pollution and the fact they are nothing more than a commodity to be exploited for profit . 
  well , at least you 're honest . 
  nothing in the world is perfect , but i do n't know when `` we ca n't make it perfect . 
  abandon it . '', 
  got into the british psyche . 
  if it 's not completely broken , which the eu is n't in my opinion , it should not be in the british mentality to want to ditch it . 
  unfortunately the right wing media have gotten so much nativism into people 's minds that they do n't look beyond `` we dont want immigrants '' . 
  there are plenty of rational arguments to not leave the eu .
