  i 'd agree with most of your views :  the welfare state will be drastically cut down you imply there will even be a welfare state ; i suppose it depends on how the eu referendum goes , but if the uk votes to leave , i see workhouses becoming a thing within the next 15 years . 
   we will adopt the euro and join the schengen area i can see scotland , wales and ni doing this , but not england . 
  there 's a reason the right-wing , anti-eu people are often called '' [ little englanders ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/little_englander ) '' ; i imagine england would hold out until it was at breaking point before doing such a thing . 
  i imagine a lot of the ukip voters wo n't be happy with any agreement that includes freedom of movement , sadly :(, 
  i think this feeling will get more and more common in the next 5 years ... 
  why cant it just be european union . 
  it sounds so much better than use . 
  across europe , the american police are the ones often used as a comparison whenever they want to make our own countries look better . 
  its not right that they do this , but it is the standard comparison due to the volume we hear about the us in our news . 
  personally i would say that our police , on average , should be a good barometer . 
  we can go years without police firing a single lethal shot . 
  that 's how it should be . 
  the metropolitan police and others still have issues , but its come a long way . 
  every country has them !, 
  that makes me feel slightly better about the comment sections of our own newspapers . 
  i might open a tea shop or greasy caf\u00e9 somewhere . 
  might as well use our years of experience !, 
  yup , exactly . 
  my main hope is that the federalised eu will allow an amnesty for those who want to be a part of it , but were born in britain . 
  a guy can dream . 
  the only one i see the `` little englanders '' accepting is the `` old commonwealth '' ; that is , canada , new zealand , and australia . 
  maybe the united states could be convinced into it at a push . 
  this however implies they would want anything to do with a country that cast them aside 50 years ago , are doing very well economically on their own , and also have some of the strictest immigration procedures in the world . 
  i would n't mind alliance with the bric nations , but i doubt many would want an alliance with . . well ... any of them , for various reasons . 
  economic power is n't everything , after all . 
  brazil has a lot of poverty as well as great business and innovation , an alliance with russia would piss off the americans ; not something any british government would be willing to do . 
  an alliance with just the united states would be heavily damaging to britain . 
  there 's the neo-liberalist attitudes of americans and their aggressive foreign policy to begin with , however both of these things are quite favourable to little englanders . 
  i think the uk could join a federal eu when the little englander generation has died out , however i doubt it would be able to play a relevant role by that point . 
  things would have changed too much , regarding language , governmental structure , etc. 
  i do n't imagine the new generation being willing to make such large challenges so rapidly . 
  i guess i 'm prepared for becoming part of neu-preu\u00dfen . 
  yes . 
  a federal system where individual states and counties are granted control of various matters , whilst big things like defense , currency , etc are handled by a federal government with elected representatives from each region , therefore allowing greater prosperity as money , labour and goods are even more free to be moved around , whilst maintaining peace , sharing costs and allowing for greater growth , all whilst keeping local cultures mostly intact due to regional decisions on things like taxation , drinking age , opening hours , etc. 
  sadly i come from the uk , and have to therefore accept i will unlikely be part of it . 
  there are too many `` little englanders '' like nigel farage around still , as shown by the recent election results , for the uk to be part of it at the moment . 
  these people see `` europe '' as a seperate entity from themselves , you hardly ever see the eu flag , and the media circus barely even mentions the positive benefits of the eu . 
  sadly i agree with you . 
  i 'd love to see a federal europe , but i know that the uk will * never * be a part of it , whilst the current older generation are around at least . 
  they just are n't interested in being anything other than british . 
  you can hear it in the way the speak , how `` european '' is a foreign thing to them that they want no part of , how nigel farage is one of the most popular men in the country , how ukip came third in the elections , how the sun is one of the most read newspapers , etc. 
  it all adds up that if there is to be a federal europe , which i hope to see , the uk will most certainly not be part of it for at least 40 years or so . 
  indeed , the purge of minority cultures in france was rather successful actually ; you do n't find many younger people who speak occitanian nowadays . 
  the bretons have resisted it though it seems . 
  you and i are of a rare breed in this country . 
  i was really surprised when i found out jeremy clarkson is one of us . 
  it 's the british way , 
  queen elizabeth ii, 
  not now , bayern . 
  this comes afterwards . 
  after centuries of peace , you 'd be a welcome addition to show everyone else how to maintain it !, 
  you ca n't help who you 're attracted to so who cares ? 
  my best friend is a gay guy , and i would n't change anything about him ; just because he 's gay does n't mean he 's automatically a nymphomaniac who 's attracted to me . 
  i woke up in front of the tv in germany more than once and found a nazi documentary playing . 
  i guess its the same as britain ; people are interested in the past . 
  i thought the same for britain . 
  only one i can see germany being able to have on their side that only needs one border redrawn , and its to the detriment of the french ; we 'll allow it . 
  they wo n't opt in . 
  david cameron is in charge and is trying to hold his slim-majority government together without the more right wing lot of his mps all jumping to ukip . 
  without expressing my own opinion , he 's damned if he opts in ( with a sudden surge of ukip support ) and damned if he does n't ( by everyone else , rightly or wrongly , thinking he 's a dick ) . 
  he 's more scared of ukip than what other national leaders think of him , though . 
  thanks germany for aldi , the cars , the beer , my best friend , and being so accepting of a foreigner like me . 
  thanks italy for the memories , the parties , and the amazing food . 
  thanks france for the education i had ; thanks for the wine as well . 
  thanks austria for the apfelstrudel and the friends . 
  thanks switzerland for the awesome roads . 
  thanks russia for the best housemate i ever had , the cheap vodka he always brought to university with him , and the dashboard camera videos . 
  not sure if they count as separate countries for these purposes ; but thank-you scotland for your amazing countryside , friendly people and beautiful capital , and thanks wales for your countryside and the nights out in cardiff . 
   thank you scotland for your english accent the rare statement that unites the scottish and english in rage . 
  i do wonder , considering the way bahar mustafa seems to have a real thing against white people and men , saying only those who are not white or male can be oppressed ; how would she react to being confronted with holocaust survivors ? 
  probably blame them for palestine whilst shouting `` check your privilege '' , now that i think of it . 
  people like her are the reason i refused to go into student politics . 
  it 's an incubator for these sorts of crazies . 
  goldsmith 's is further to the left than sweden will ever be . 
  also that title is editorialised . 
  they mention that they refuse to add these things on moral grounds , but nowhere does it state `` unlike the british '' ; all they mention is it added nearly 1 % to the gdp in britain by doing so . 
  le monde is n't the sun ; they do n't write titles to be cheap shots like that . 
  twinned with gary , in . 
  on a related note , whatever you 're smoking , can i have some ? 
  near me is [ salcombe ] ( https://nickrileyarchitect.files.wordpress.com/2012/08/p1010091.jpg ) , which normally rates pretty highly on these lists . 
  the uk is full of pretty villages and towns . 
  here 's an [ article by the telegraph with some nice ones . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/destinations/europe/uk/11254920/the-best-english-villages.html ), 
  english - native french - lived in france german - lived in germany terrible schw\u00e4bisch - lived in swabia, 
  the best example of it i have heard of is in mexico , where people are trying to give their children powerful-sounding names . 
  as such , some fisherman have named their children usnavy , having seen `` u. s. navy '' on the side of military patrol boats near the border . 
  it was london . 
  we serviced a fairly large area . 
  london , man . 
  haha . 
  that it was , you 're right . 
  however this one was most certainly named after the car . 
  i ca n't really explain why without photos or the documentation , which would not exactly be appropriate . 
  it had no accents for a start . 
  dunno for best , but i did interning at a family court once ; got a view of some of the worst . 
  some of the many i have had pass my desk are : princess , caesar , paris , calais , chardonnay , shaz , mercedes , porsche , bacardi , philip morris , destiny , chrystal , sapphire , shaniqua , latifa , hayden , jayden , kayden , leyden , and of course , adolf . 
  it was like working on the stage crew for jerry springer , remembering the names for conversations with clients . 
  edit : basically ; places , brands , objects and dictators , with a bit of ghetto thrown in . 
  nice . 
  i speak french and german , and am single , so am not too bothered about where i end up .
