  i 'm a bit of a drifter anyway ; it might be fun . 
  smoothly , the german government is a massive , slow-turning machine though , be prepared for bureaucracy like nothing before ( have your passport and utility bills ready ) . 
  baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ; the size of wales , accounting for 2 % of global trade . 
  if you can speak some german , it 's not too hard to get a job . 
  if you do n't , check out [ thelocal.de ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/jobs/ ) for jobs . 
  the cost of living is lower than the south of the uk , on average . 
  do n't go to munich or hamburg if cost of living is a major factor . 
  beyond that yeah it 's reasonable . 
  the culture is not too different from our own , and we are among the favoured groups of foreigners . 
  i never had any xenophobia . 
  i 'm currently back in the uk as i made a career change , but i 'm rapidly considering a reverse change since friday . 
  luckily , until dave gets his referendum ; you , i , and every other british citizen has a right to leave to somewhere else in the eu . 
  plenty of english speaking jobs out there . 
  i 've applied to a couple in germany , austria , france and italy today . 
  germans welcomed me with open arms , and i 'm one of those . 
  nice ; i wish we had things like that here . 
  why did we have to report that we had found oil ... this is of our own doing :(, 
  also changed mine . 
  nice ; i used to live in stuttgart , and before that normandy . 
  i had hoped that the uk would get a labour government and it would improve here ... now i 'm looking at a job in berlin . 
  can you imagine dmg realising what they 've done and being like `` our investors are threatening to pull out ; please ignore everything we 've said since 1977 '', 
  ohh , you want to * come * here . 
  best of luck !, 
  lithuanian beer is the same as british beer ? 
  good to know . 
  time to get your bags together to get there beforehand . 
  much harder to throw us out then . 
  come on , i 'll drive you to dover . 
   the management of pretty much every uk media organisation is pro eu membership . 
  what about news international and daily mail group ? 
  agreed . 
  fuck it , as a fellow non-tory i hope we can forget our differences and work on ending this shitty system . 
  i 'm afraid i used to live in the south ; there 's nothing i like more than a good hefeweizen on a summer morning . 
  bayern is a wonderful place . 
  oh , since these exit polls have been coming in with a conservative majority likely , `` englisch sprechen job in deutschland '' has been open on my laptop . 
  i have some more searching to do . 
  true ; i would n't envy you in your job doing that ... 
  i hardly envy me getting to work after this !, 
  if it makes anyone feel better , with the cost of 66 litres of beer in the uk , you could buy way more than 107 litres in germany . 
  also , you 've translated `` lieblingsnamen '' as `` favourite surnames '' ; it would be `` favourite names '' - ein `` surname '' ist ihren familiennamen :-), 
  i suggested these for my friends , you 're welcome to have the list : wine / pimms for a tory seat lager for a labour seat limoncello / amber ale for a lib dem seat creme de menthe / absinthe for a green seat english ale for a ukip seat bucky / scotch for an snp seat brains welsh beer for a plaid seat water ( to try not to die ) for any ni seats . 
  whatever you want for an independent . 
  double for any seat that does n't come back as predicted . 
  double of the corresponding drink if a party leader fails to get / hold a seat ( take salmond as head of snp for this ) . 
  double of whoever gets your home constituency . 
  finish every drink in the house if monster raving loony , fukp , or any other joke party gets a seat . 
  make other rules as well ; like `` last person to say `` ed balls '' after ed balls is mentioned must drink '', 
  i know what you mean ; i 'm part irish , so i prefer `` british '' . 
  eh , to someone as southern as me ; thatcher was a northerner . 
  my first thought was `` if you 're anti-ukip or anti-conservative , neither of those statements is exactly the best to say to someone who could quite very well be from a rural southern village like mine . 
  that would seal the deal for them . '', 
  having lived in both countries , they are indeed quite like the afd , although since we have no large-scale equivalent of the npd anymore snice the bnp vanished , they often get people who would be in an equivalent being attracted to them . 
  seems to have caused them a lot of headaches over the last year ; there 's been quite a lot of them being thrown out , although they are more afd than npd in nature . 
   seems unfair to strip citizenship from 49 % of the uk because the other 51 % do n't want theirs . 
  welcome to democracy !, 
  i 'm in a labour / ukip marginal ; i rather like the eu , have some vested interests in the eu , and the ukip woman is a climate change denier who does n't even live in the area , and never has done either . 
  it 's been labour for 20 years ish and the local candidate has done a reasonable amount for the area , despite being a front bencher . 
  i 'd honestly vote lib dem if it was a pr system though . 
  you get an upvote for honesty . 
  * i do not agree with what you have to say , but i shall defend to the death your right to say it . 
  and that is why i will be avoiding it . 
  the bbc will be going mad with it . 
  dave are running their show from south thanet of course , and i expect itv will also be going mad . 
  yep , best avoided in favour of netflix . 
  not like we can change it . 
  you ca n't help nostalgia , or badly dubbed comedies that were useful in stopping you from forgetting your second language . 
  i miss prosieben and sky bundesliga ; not to mention iplayer when i 'm out of the uk . 
  i have n't said i want them here , or in france or wherever . 
  i 'd rather we work on making their homelands safer . 
  besides , they would n't want to be in my back yard . 
  unemployment , economic depression , shit weather ; we have it all . 
  it seems [ he 's british by birth , with a french father and estonian mother . 
  texas is as big as germany . 
  plenty of space for them !, 
  i have a feeling it 's not . 
  i say we put them all in philippe legrain 's back yard . 
  there 's plenty of space that bayern or sussex or sicily do n't have . 
  they said it themselves that the economy will grow , so why deprive them of the opportunity to grow their own local one ? 
  there 's no lightning over berlin at the moment , though . 
  it 's all over belgium , netherlands , slovakia , ukraine , tirol and austria . 
  no idea who it is up there today . 
  i live in rural , southern england , so hot fuzz . 
  * for the greater good . 
  go to caf\u0117 delirium in brussels and pick one ; i 'll trust your judgement . 
  i have bad memories involving jupiler though . 
  as for switzerland ; wonderful !, 
  i need a fondu set anyway . 
  about as often as you wear clogs . 
  * jordskott * sounds like my kind of show . 
  is it available with english/german/french subtitles/dubbing anywhere online ? 
  it seems [ itv encore ] ( http://www.itv.com/presscentre/press-releases/itv-encore-acquires-swedish-drama-jordskott ) have it actually . 
  i might be able to get hold of a copy . 
  thanks for an interesting list !, 
  my time in a lyc\u00e9e still shows through , sometimes . 
  correct . 
  tory and labour would have 200 ish each . 
  green 30 . and the rest would be snp/dup/plaid / alliance / the other parties that are not found in england . 
  obviously i 'm rounding it here but you can see the difference between what it should be , and what it currently is . 
  i do n't think its fair that our shitty system cheats these parties out of seats they deserve ; whether i agree with them or not ; people do and democracy means they should have representation befitting their support . 
  do that in london , brighton , belfast or londonderry .
