  it just depends on which one you feel most at home with . 
  the rapid changes made me feel more at home . 
  however i seem to be very much the minority here , and a lot seem to want it to revert back to how it once was . 
  that 's their prerogative , but mine is to go somewhere that feels more like home . 
  belgium does pretty well on that . 
  so does southern germany . 
  european trade is my personal field of study and literal interest , like my interest in horror films or french wine . 
  i have no issue with people being interested in the former commonwealth or whatever , but do n't shoot yourselves in the foot to get to it . 
  i am being realistic by deciding that i want out of the uk before the uk gets out of europe . 
  i see it more of a `` when '' than an `` if '' on that matter . 
  farage is too charismatic and the distrust of anything foreign is too deep-seated in many brits . 
  once i 'm out , the uk can go do what it wants for all i care . 
  i 'm culturally a franco-germanic-celt , and feel more comfortable in europe . 
  personally i like the assimilation of cultures . 
  the british do the best pub culture in the world , its why its been so successful elsewhere . 
  i do n't however feel that the british culture is superior to any other , something that many people around here certainly believe it is . 
  i personally do n't feel british . 
  i 'm a european first , a celt second a brit third . 
  i personally also do n't feel that i have the traditional anglo-saxon mentality , give me a better quality of life over more money any day ; another reason why i do n't feel i belong here . 
  i just need cameron and farage to hold off for one year and i can be gone . 
  then the rest of the british can do what they want . 
  if you want to be more like them then that 's great . 
  my interest is european trade however . 
  i refuse to let myself be captured by the downfall of this country because that old bigot down the pub with very pronounced views on immigrants actually * went and did it * when he said he was going to run for prime minister . 
  that would involve using logic though . 
  i like the german model for healthcare and benefits , myself . 
  no , but its easier to blame everything on the eu , because the daily mail et al would be in trouble for openly stating that they do n't like immigrants . 
  the eu makes a nice scapegoat . 
  as for being `` not british '' - good . 
  every culture can benefit from stealing parts of other cultures . 
  my group of friends includes a german who loves fry-ups and makes them with german bratwurst , a frenchman who brews his own english ale , and a mexican who makes a fantastic roast chicken / mexican fusion dish . 
  the world gets better when we all combine our cultures . 
  its fantastic to see it changing so quickly . 
  as for me , i 'm wholeheartedly against any form of brexit . 
  look at switzerland . 
  ignore how wealthy they are in comparison , try going grocery shopping there . 
  same with norway . 
  cost of living will rise like crazy , and plenty of people would be trapped . 
  also , what really gets me is the ukip hypocrisy . 
  `` we do n't want foreign people coming here and stealing jobs '' , ignoring people like me who plan to go abroad , or kirsten farage , and `` immigrants ruin everything , they do n't integrate and make life shit for the local people '' whilst sat on the costa del sol reading the daily mail with a fry-up . 
  i think ukip is the greatest threat to this country in several generations . 
  i did love [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8ysjaojkto ) though . 
  incidentally , i think i heard the term `` people 's army '' and `` topple the establishment '' coming from an austrian chap once . 
  whilst i have the skills , and language abilities , etc , why would any german firm hire me if they can find someone who speaks the same languages * and * is an eu citizen ? 
  they would n't . 
  ukip gets what they want , and bollocks to everyone else . 
  i 'm just hoping cameron does n't screw it all up before i graduate in may . 
  it 's much harder to throw out someone who is already there , than it is to deny somebody coming in . 
  interestingly , if you have a problem with the eu and not with immigrants ; why not green party ? 
  or even conservative ? 
  i 've never heard of these things . 
  my father would be a b class , and my mother a c1 . 
  i 'm a student on an international-based degree with aims of actually putting the international part to use , combined with a large dislike of london . 
  that means i need out of here . 
  its rather worrying that ukip do so well with such a section of society . 
  their xenophobia could very well cost me my employment chances in other countries . 
  i agree with germany entirely . 
  a country can not expect to move forward on a global scale whilst trying to bar immigrants from the areas it wants to have free trade with . 
  sadly it seems many of my countrymen are so terrified of poles and latvians coming over they would sooner shoot themselves in the foot than see another plumber 's van on foreign number plates . 
  i really fear they will end up damaging the future chances of fellow brits with their xenophobia . 
  certain newspapers would be foaming at the mouth screaming `` think of the children '' the rest of us would probably not even notice . 
  people from the front bench would avoid the issue entirely for risk of accidentally offending someone , what with elections coming up . 
  down here it seems to be the lower middle class who love ukip . 
  it 's rather terrifying . 
  my own mother thinks `` every politician is a liar except nigel farage '' whilst my father believes `` foreign people do not deserve human rights '' - heavens help me , i come from a ukip household . 
  until you go to london , you have no idea of the meaning of `` tiny and overpriced '' [ there are some fine examples here ] ( http://www.worstroom.com/ ) . 
  for me ; germany , france , belgium , austria or netherlands . 
  i speak french fluently and good ( standard ) german , so those are my main options . 
  dutch would n't be too hard . 
  i just do n't want to become trapped in this country because nigel has an issue with foreigners and has managed to whip up the `` middle class xenophobe '' demographic . 
  i genuinely feel less and less british with each passing day . 
  i 'm ashamed to come from the same country as ukip . 
  to be honest , i ca n't blame her . 
  it feels like this country is getting more anti-eu by the day . 
  as someone who is planning to move abroad i need to get out before farage and cameron can * really * mess things up . 
  finland man , the hero the world is ... slightly confused by . 
  that 's exactly what he is . 
  everyone but his supporters can see it . 
  ouch , that 's quite bad . 
  what the ? 
  who did they think was german ? 
   his political stances might be damaging to those who wish to work together for common goals as it is intendent in eu . 
  that 's exactly his aim . 
  get elected to ep . 
  never turn up , unless to disrupt and vote against the consensus . 
  claim you and your country are ignored by everyone else . 
  increased support for ukip as people do n't bother to read into things here ( the majority of printed media hate the eu with a passion too ) , think it 's the ep 's fault and not ukips that they are ignored and shunned because `` farage seems like a normal guy '' . 
  he wants britain to stand alone . 
  this is how he cons people into it . 
  just to make it sweeter ; the one people often like is known to be austrian ; the one the world hates is often thought to be german . 
  i like this man . 
  glad to see even in 2012 someone was being honest to farage . 
  the people that actually voted for farage are probably quite happy that he 's as disruptive as possible and wastes as much money as he can . 
  as far as i can see , he 's doing exactly what those who voted for him want him to be ; as disruptive as physically possible . 
  i loathe the man , but he seems to be doing what that sort of person wants . 
  farage may represent * you * but he will * never * represent me . 
  poor norway . 
  looking good austria . 
  what 's going on with finland ? 
  sorry germans ; bayern will forever represent all of you in non-german minds .
