british : against , 100 % . 
  sick of this country getting involved in every single conflict . 
  this story is the worst as yet for those of us brits who actually believe in the european union . 
  ladies and gentlemen of the rest of the eu , please do n't think we are all like this . 
  farage and his cult are just rather loud . 
  the british authorities can only dream of being like them . 
  for me , not only my european neighbours , but russian , american , mexican , brazilian , argentine , and chinese friends too . 
  its a lot harder to be xenophobic when you can see they are just like you . 
  i 'm a european first , british second . 
  oh man , we had a swabian housemate when he was on his semester abroad living with us . 
  i miss sp\u00e4tzle ; got back a few weeks ago from `` wasen '' with him ; looking forward to going over again at fr\u00fchlingsfest ... 
  heeeeeeeere 's birmingham !, 
  historically ? 
  fending off the spanish , various explorers , and being the last port of call for the mayflower before america . 
  nowadays ... ummm ... 
  beyond a university with some ridiculous spending decisions , not a whole lot . 
  good old plymouth . 
  public servants and politicians put in charge of technology in this country always seem to come from the very lowest end of the bell curve of technological understanding . 
  it 's absolutely ludicrous , they 're still somewhere in the mid 1990s . 
  i mean that whilst they are hard workers , if something does n't go right they just say `` oh well , we we can try again '' rather than being angry . 
  it 's nice to have people who are so relaxed around . 
  have some italian friends at university ; best coffee , best pizza , and despite being hard workers , they have the most wonderfully relaxed outlook on life . 
  more italians please . 
  sadly . 
  when i go home from uni i get the joy of finding a copy of it on the coffee table each morning . 
  while i love that it 's so easy to check up on what the enemy are up to each day , it 's despairing that my family actually read it . 
  i would use it for toilet paper but even it 's physical quality is so low i would n't dare . 
  true , you can lead a horse to water but you can not make it drink . 
  the anglo-saxon mentality at it 's finest . 
  * we have a mentality in england ; if you speak very loudly and very slowly in english , everybody understands . 
  on behalf of my country i 'm very sorry . 
  ah yes , the ones who do n't know a word of spanish , sitting on their terraces in benidorm , eating fried breakfast or something disgusting with chips , watching the premier league , drinking carling , reading the daily mail , and spending their days talking about how the uk has gone to shit because of immigrants who refuse to integrate , and their love of ukip . 
  so it is , i had just read the guardian version of it before starting on the comments here . 
  the daily mail has managed to make it anti-eu . 
  i 'm actually impressed by that . 
  the undying loyalty to ukip over there is reminiscent of the nazis or the soviets . 
  trying to tell these morons that those issues do not come from eu immigrants . 
  good luck . 
  nope , they actually do . 
  i 'm on my phone so ca n't link easily though . 
  to be honest , i know of nightclubs with sound systems at the same wattage as these vacuum cleaners . 
  you dont need that level of power unless its industrial . 
  but that would n't sell tabloids . 
  how do you think i feel ? 
  my father , who is a reasonably-high-up official in a government department , believes that `` bloody foreigners just come here to rape , murder , steal benefits and take jobs away . 
  if i had my way i would have them all thrown out . 
  foreigners do n't deserve human rights . '', 
  my mother , who is also a government official in a different department , on the other hand , believes `` every politician is a liar , except nigel farage . 
  that man speaks the truth and is going to make the world a much better place . 
  everyone knows its only the bloody eu immigrants who make this country worse . '', 
  i 'm proud to say i feel like i must have been adopted . 
  yes , they are daily mail readers . 
  yes . 
  remember that the sun and the daily mail are two of the best selling newspapers . 
  `` benefit tourists '' `` stealing british jobs '' etc. 
  i believe that some of ukip may want to paint that sign on the white cliffs of dover . 
  ah , a ukip voter in the wild . 
  i apologise on behalf of the british people . 
  you should have just said `` very well . 
  we will take our business and money back to switzerland . 
  is that what you would prefer ? '', 
  we should play that on loudspeakers outside the stations whenever they find another inane reason to strike . 
  i personally loved when they went on strike against the automation of the trains , proving that automated trains would make everyone 's lives much easier . 
  it honestly feels like one of the most drab and depressing parts of the city ; hastily thrown up after the second world war and never maintained since . 
  cast your eyes on the stunning beauty of [ the station in the town i live in ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/8/7229/7288798878_68044dd9a5_b.jpg ) brutalism was not a good time for architecture . 
  they would cry but if it had the eu flag on it ... 
  i dont know a `` blue '' version of `` better dead than red '' , but you get the picture . 
  north west originally . 
  do n't want to narrow it down too much . 
  yeah there were immigrants , but it kindof all just blended together . 
  it was quite nice actually . 
  i 'm now in a part of the country where someone with an accent will cause hushed whispers . 
  i know of several people around here of the `` born in this house , live in this house , will die in this house '' variety . 
  even people my own age who think london is far away , and have never had a passport even . 
  we moved here because my father 's parents were getting sick , and a job offer came up in the area . 
  they 've settled into it much more and are actually becoming more and more like the local folks . 
  i 've seen both sides of the uk and i know which i prefer . 
  bloody foreigner , stealing our jobs and benefits !, 
  people are also scared of romanians , bulgarians , lithuanians , czechs , slovaks , croatians , and many more . 
  we 're an inclusive society like that . 
  i like the way you think . 
  uk , germany , everyone else ; we all have so much to offer the world if we could just start combining our ideas , practices , etc , rather than trying to keep everyone else out . 
  indeed . 
  i 'd love to see big ben lit up like that , but i think that would probably lead to a real-life version of [ the final scene of * v for vendetta * . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ut7w0byzgkk&amp;t=1m49s ) edit : forgot to add the link . 
  nah , we just want to come and try to drink all the beer and vodka in riga , 
  scotland is also amazing to see . 
  the british have a sense of humour ; if they ask where you 're from , just tell them latvia . 
  if they look a little worried or confused or whatever , just say `` do n't worry , i 'm just a tourist , i have a job back home '' and laugh it off . 
  go to london , nobody will care there . 
  you will love it . 
  it 's very expensive though . 
  from london originally ; then down to rural devon , just outside plymouth . 
  have also lived in lille , brussels and munich . 
  i would say brussels felt most like home ; for a number of reasons . 
  switzerland would have potential for me for work , but since they are not eu it is much harder to get in there . 
  i think you may be the most sane ukip voter i 've ever spoken to . 
  much better than my family ( they genuinely think that immigrants are the root of all evil , and should be denied even the most basic of human rights , at the whim of theresa may ; they then wonder why none of my ( mostly foreign ) friends feel comfortable around them ) . 
  i will still be likely making a break for it , though . 
  no culture can be measured on a scale .
