  ( ... ) give it a try . 
  hijacking the top comment , sorry . 
  i believe i have found the pepe pictured in this post . 
  [ nsfw/nsfl ] , at your own risk . 
  [ you ca n't always get what you want ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql4ydkakqva ) , hillary . 
  reminds of an incident where a teacher once `` removed '' my friend and me from the front seats in the bus on a school trip in a similar way ( but without the blood ) , because they were not intended for students and we refused to give them up . 
  but that was in high school and i did n't pay several hundred $ for the trip and the seat lol . 
  what is overbooking , exactly ? 
  i 've overheard on a radio some politicians discussing whether `` airlines overbooking should be legalized in russia '' , but did n't really bother to find out until i stumbled upon it now . 
  is it basically an airline letting people book seats and order tickets when they 're not actually available ? 
  why ? 
  austria-liechtenstein-switzerland and spain-andorra-france ( very narrowly - 20 km exactly ) trip would comply to the 20km requirement . 
  but yes , europe is one of the most culturally and ethnically diverse continents . 
  even without the imported muslims . 
  we have our own muslims in bosnia and albania . 
  they 're better than the imports , believe me . 
  maybe some of them spent a week in a hotel in dubai at a beach resort . 
  this is my experience with liberals . 
  `` but have you read the quran ? 
  how much it talks about mercy ? 
  terrorism has nothing to do with islam ! '', 
  yes , yes i did . 
  except i finished the sentence . 
  or , in this case , in reverse . 
  i read the beginning of the sentence , too , not just the end . 
   muhammad is the messenger of allah ; and those with him are *** forceful against the disbelievers , merciful among themselves . 
  *** you see them bowing and prostrating [ in prayer ] , seeking bounty from allah and [ his ] pleasure . 
  their mark is on their faces from the trace of prostration . 
  that is their description in the torah . 
  and their description in the gospel is as a plant which produces its offshoots and strengthens them so they grow firm and stand upon their stalks , delighting the sowers - so that allah may enrage by them the disbelievers . 
  allah has promised those who believe and do righteous deeds among them forgiveness and a great reward . 
  the assad family has been ruling syria since 1970s . 
  i would n't say they 're a puppet regime of ours . 
  unless a country becomes a `` puppet regime '' the moment they cooperate with russia , of course . 
  anyway i 'm really curious about the outcome of the meeting . 
  m u h, 
  r e d s k i n s, 
  i always want to go to sleep , i promise myself that i will go to sleep before 11 pm , then i keep doing something while periodically checking t_d , and it 's 1 am already , then it 's 3 am . 
  always . 
  somehow i do n't feel sleep deprived though . 
  must be the high energy . 
  that means we need more winning so we do n't develop tolerance . 
   this is what he wants . 
  what do you mean ? 
  trump wants to be called a warmonger ? 
  why would he want that ? 
  ( if i understood you incorrectly i 'm sorry ), 
  i know of the `` madman '' tactics of nixon ( though russia understood he 's not one from private meetings , from what i read about ) , yet ironically the accusation of trump being unpredictable and dangerous was exactly the argument the liberal media ( and clinton ) were employing , so i find it surprising , even puzzling , he would actually * want * to be accused of that , and allow them to say * see , we told you * . 
  clinton was openly and predictably a warmonger , which they ignored , but anyway ... it sounds strange . 
  well they 're on our border , but then they wo n't dare threaten us i assume because they would n't get anything from that kind of blackmail . 
  it 's different when it comes to south korea . 
  usa and china will hardly unite , i think . 
  against what , when usa sees china as the main competitor ? 
  but then russia will not unite against china , they 're closer to us than they 're to you lol , not worth the danger imho haha . 
  tfw i ca n't decide whether i should watch english in original and russian in translation or vice-versa . 
  chemical asians ? 
  the youtube chat ... how does anyone manage to use that ? 
  i have always wondered , * who * counts as the international community ? 
  and the one that will not accept that ? 
  china is fine with it , that 's already 1/7 of international community , or whom does that term include ? 
  imagine president rubio . 
  who would his sos be ? 
  would these talks be even taking place ? 
   the russians need him more than they need him . 
  i 'm a bit confused . 
  is the first * him * tillerson and the second * him * assad ? 
  no , no , you misread the comment , * he 's * getting murdered , he 's not the murderer . 
  american elections can not be hacked . 
  if trump doubts the results , he 's dangerous for democracy . 
  * november 9 *, 
  when will the us address the blatant hacking of the us election ? 
  - cnn, 
  * warning , joke . 
  the sentence you are about to read is sarcastic *, 
  the reporter is weird for asking the hacking question , if he believes the hacking conspiracy . 
  of course a russian puppet tillerson will say there was no hacking !, 
  i feel sorry for the christians , alawites , kurds , druze and jews if assad goes - or at least if the whole of syria is controlled by sunnis . 
  even splitting syria would be more acceptable , there was after all an alawite-christian state during the french mandate until they united with sunnis . 
  lol what . 
  why is the us insisting the we drop the alliance with syria which we 've had since 1970s , and suddenly have to drop it to fight isis ? 
  we 're not `` expanding '' into the region as clinton claimed , but maintaining the access to mediterranean that would definitely be lost if the `` moderate rebels '' win . 
  how does that benefit america anyway ? 
  edit : the use of chemical weapons * is * indeed disgusting . 
  but it 's still under review who actually committed the attack - even though the us intelligence claims they have an irrefutable proof ( maybe they actually do , and assad actually went nuts , i do n't know ) . 
  but the use of chemical weapons - on many scales - is not that much of an exception in wars . 
  even those conducted by the `` good guys '' - google `` mark 77 '' in iraq . 
  anyway , one needs to balance which is worse , assad or isis . 
  and i believe that indeed is the dichotomy there . 
  i should put the / s at the beginning so i do n't get banned , probably . 
  haha, 
  interestingly , this is the outcome and a final statement of * any * talks of any representatives of any country . 
  i am yet to learn about a final statement that did n't say something like that . 
  no offense but that 's some islam-style logic . 
  we wo n't be safe until the whole world is under islam . 
  we wo n't be safe until the whole world is in shards of warring tribes and no stable countries exist . 
  also : immigration crisis in europe . 
  but sure , that one does n't affect the us , and you did n't imply it did . 
  but it would have been better if the countries had been stable from european point of view . 
  and it would n't affect the us in any way : the powers are incomparable ( iraq against usa , for example ) . 
  i mean , really , the us is far more powerful than all of those middle eastern countries combined .
