  they 're just moving to the left . 
  ze does make a sound , but that sound is not relevant to anyone but ze . 
  and he was trolling since the 90s , first making a hyperbole , but then the left mistook that for recommendation . 
   boycott the snowflakes, 
  melt them !, 
   raise * your voters like bratty little children, 
  they should n't be their voters . 
  they should n't be anyone 's voters ... they are n't supposed to be voters at all !, 
  paid for by mexico . 
  i am wondering what was going on through the heads of the nk diplomats as they were listening . 
  really curious . 
  did they agree internally ? 
  or do they believe what trump was saying is n't actually true ? 
  of course , i did n't mean just kim himself , but the network of generals etc. 
  well , you probably could n't become a diplomat over there without proven personal loyalty . 
  all of this does n't matter because trump is controlled by russia !!!, 
  i am baffled they think it 's a conspiracy . 
  yes , calling it `` deep state '' does sound conspirational - but every , even the most democratic country , has permanent bureaucracy and unelected government positions , that 's what `` deep state '' is , not some secretive people pulling the strings in the background ( though there are some ) . 
  sova means ` owl ' in russian . 
  ( meaningless trivia lol ), 
  muh ` apartheid state ', 
  do n't members of congress have immunity against arrest/prosecution unless permitted by the congress vote ? 
  this is the case with legislature in many countries , not sure if it 's also in the us . 
  i am in russia and this is 0 % illegal , stop spreading fake news, 
  venezuela is not communist , it is socialist with almost complete control of the state over the economy . 
  not real communism , real communism would work !, 
  oh , have i told you that soviet union was not real communism yet ? 
  it was state capitalism , really . 
  i mean , the state-controlled companies still had profit and budget , those are capitalist words so i think it did n't classify as real socialism . 
  it 's as you 're getting closer , things get worse , but then you reach the blessed state of true socialism and you win !, 
   you ca n't pretend to be that happy . 
  how can actors cry so persuasively ? 
  d u b s, 
  my kind of rocketpeople . 
  trump : first person in history to have threatened to `` destroy a country '' while speaking to the un general assembly, 
  maduro : first world leader to go `` literally hitler '' on trump, 
  iranian foreign minister ( ca n't remember the name ) first person to have called someone 's unga speech `` hate speech '', 
  it 's been an interesting day . 
  he believes it 's american imperialism ruining venezuela . 
  ( i do n't think he does , no one is that stupid , but he pretends he believes that . ), 
   instead , hegelich and others point to an alliance of mostly anonymous online trolls and extremist agitators who are disseminating right-wing materials through youtube ; messaging board sites like 4chan and reddit ; and gab.ai , a texting service . 
  we are living in a world where telling your opinion on an online forum is counted as `` targeted propaganda '' and `` influencing elections '' . 
  you 're right , we do influence it , but by that definition , as a russian , i 've been meddling in the american , french , dutch elections here on t_d , and slovak , israeli , polish , hungarian , british eu referendum etc. 
  on facebook , twitter and elsewhere , for well over several years lol, 
  what ? 
  lol, 
  is n't it interesting how trump 's violent climate is hitting hispanic populated areas ? 
  this must be europe , right ? 
  because if it 's america , where 's the diversity you supremacist reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  i see you have internalized the t_d rule about not linking to other subreddits haha, 
  it 's not a person , it 's a kind of a leppo, 
  you 're right . 
  those against trump think it 's getting worse and we should be abandoning him . 
  but it 's getting better , in fact , because he 's beginning to fulfill his promises . 
  so it 's only worse if you did n't support him and believed most of what he campaigned on was nonsense he would n't try to implement . 
  i do n't get , i know there is probably some logical inconsistency somewhere in there but i ca n't find it , apparently . 
  if you remove the qualifiers , then you just get `` male is basically a male '' . 
  i think we have discovered a new , problematic , previously unknown area of patriarchal oppression . 
  history is a social construct . 
  if you try to ban pepe , he wins !, 
  this is an awesome description . 
  they 're too scared for `` damaging '' their image they are afraid of being genuine and spontaneous . 
  it 's like they give up their own personality for a manufactured one : an army of speechwriters , advisors , pr-relations , `` public image specialists '' and so on are making them . 
  trump , and a few others , are not doing that . 
  the ones not terrified of `` media reports damaging them '' , remember when bannon said that priebus was telling trump to drop out `` because of the media ratings '' . 
  they 're really scared of that . 
  it actually makes sense . 
  if you want to destroy vatican , western christianity , it makes sense to preserve the quran , a symbol of hate against christians . 
  was about to ask that . 
  probably should check him out , he 's probably posting something interesting lol, 
  reading his book `` zero to one '' now ... he 's , as trump would say , `` a smart cookie '' . 
   the first person of jewish heritage to serve as a united states senator . 
  so , confederacy had * more * diversity and less bigotry than the north ? 
  reeee, 
  the `` heart of africa '' was basically unknown to any europeans and other non-africans for the longest time . 
  the slaves shipped to america would have still been slaves - just in africa instead of america , if they had been sold locally instead of to the visiting slave traders . 
  leftwingers consider anything that is not ideologically left wing fascism , nazism , sexism , bigotry etc. 
  the definition of what is not any of those things is constantly shifting , and these days just not voting left or approved `` soft-right '' parties makes you a `` far-right '' . 
  american , most likely . 
  it 's an american website and most politics here is american . 
  everything to the left of breitbart is leftism . 
  source : i read breitbart and know a radical leftist when i see them . 
  everyone left of me is literally trotsky . 
  she should run !, 
   after the wall is built , i would n't be surprised at all if the lying msm creates a fake story, 
  and then , it would n't matter at all what story they make up . 
  yet trump is the `` mentally ill '' one . 
  i wish kim jong un had travelled there . 
  he 's never spoken at the un . 
  definitely wo n't get a job as fitness advisor, 
   also , it has a limited amount of energy and if you exercise , you are draining it , like battery . 
  i went to that website 's homepage , it 's crazy . 
  but no virus , it 's fine . 
  it 's a `` news '' website . 
  took the risk , it 's a really weird website . 
  it 's ok though . 
  they have [ stuff like this ] ( http://82.221.129.208/4captures.jpg ), 
  rocket man btfo, 
  it 's already pretty dark . 
  but the thing is that it 's going to be so ( even more ) for the nk people , the government will survive that : /,
