  anyway , charlie hebdo is idiotic , they thrive on provocation and making people angry , there 's no point in being mad at them or offended because they 'll simply laugh that off . 
  i am russian and was pretty offended when they mocked [ isis blowing up a russian ] ( http://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/78/590x/secondary/hebdo-384645.jpg ) passenger plane in egypt , but then i remembered : * hey , it 's charlie hebdo , that 's their whole point *, 
  exactly . 
  i found out about the magazine after the paris attack , but did n't find anything they made funny or witty , it 's just brute force distasteful offensiveness , but it 's not even all that shocking as they probably think it is , it just seems , i do n't know , really stupid , tasteless . 
  the real dreamers were ancestors of europeans coming to the american continent . 
  they were coming to build and create , not to just take advantage of what others have done and contribute very little . 
  r / jokes, 
  the place looks like it is in germany . 
  ( not that much ... ) [ http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-mldhdiptefw/ualit61chxi/aaaaaaaaaio/vb3ppaskkxs/s1600/totalitarian-systems-sennels-2011-small.jpg], 
  will he greet muslims with eid-al-adha ? 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee islamophobia , because he surely will not . 
  these are staged actors . 
  he hired them for that $ 1 million . 
  he 's only holding the girl not to appear a bigot . 
  heeeeey you 're voting against your own interest !, 
  ( dumb redneck , negro , woman , legal naturalized immigrant , hispanic guy ... ), 
  trump 's $ 1 million ` relief donation ' used to hire actors in an attempt to improve his image , sources familiar with the texas trip revealed, 
  trump supporters mocking safe spaces with coloring books at universities will not be happy to see this !, 
  -- huffpo or cnn, 
  in peach we trust, 
  portugal is beautiful , such a sad thing to hear . 
  it 's an utterly illogical thing to believe : immigrants who started coming in the 60s have `` formed '' the nation which has existed for over a millenium before , but they have managed to convince some people of precisely that , in defiance of all common sense . 
  i think we have become a part of it . 
  want some water filters ? 
  they outsourced the article from alternet . 
  warning : potentially nslf levels of leftism and cuckiness . 
  it 's a trap !, 
  ( i do n't believe their sincerity for a second : what is their `` progressive agenda '' if not continued destruction of traditional society and forced propagation of various groups at the expense of the majority ? ), 
  very articulate . 
  obama is truly the intellectual president . 
   it 's the only book they 've ever read, 
  no , i disagree . 
  they 've all read mein kampf , in original , because they know with certainty that trump is hitler . 
  every one of them is well-versed in george orwell , because trump is dystopian and totalitarian . 
  i also think most of them have read the quran , since it is the religion of peace , they claim . 
  in arabic , that 's the only proper way how you could understand the book , translations are all inaccurate and lead to terrorism . 
  they know marx , lenin , trotsky , as the very basis , and these were not real socialists . 
  in combination with all this , they can easily see how trumpism and conservatism is leading towards the world they have read about in the handmaid 's tale . 
  they 've , after all , also read all the books by trump , to see how fascist he in fact is . 
  the educated liberal meme is 100 % true . 
  really ? 
  i find it quite amusing . 
  it is basically temporary vandalism , but it does n't really enrage me all that much . 
  communist countries did have access to outside information , books , magazines etc. , it was n't a total information blockade , nor was it feasible , no matter how biased the media were and how much the government tried to impose censorship . 
  the censorship in practice was extreme bias and filtering out information , not totally blocking it . 
  it was n't literally orwell as many americans seem to imagine it -- this is talking about eastern bloc countries . 
  ( source : am from russia and currently live in another post-communist country in europe . ), 
  north korea is a peculiar case because over there , the government has almost managed to establish a total control of their ideology , and the leaders are deified and so on ( something not done in other communist countries ) . 
  north korea is not really communism as it used to exist , it is some new kind of ideology that communism morphed into which combines nationalism , socialism ( jucche ) and reverence to leaders-as-gods , but they do have access to outside information these days , via black market , smuggled magazines and movies from china and the south and so on . 
  #don ' t separate families !!!, 
  ^ ^ ^ deport the children too, 
  it 's the same , in red states they 're just afraid of speaking out because the fascists running them will send them to the concentration camp if they criticize dear leader drumpf / s, 
  stuff like this is really wtf . 
  there are people in america who openly support this and will think this guy is brave . 
  but as a naturalized immigrant to europe i should just stfu after seeing sjw girls with short hair , piercings and rainbow flag pins aggressively defend and welcome islamic rapefugees while dancing to some modernized arab music ... 
  the narrative did n't really change . 
  how will they make america into mexico if they 're not in america haha, 
  naturalized immigrants are americans . 
  are people on green cards/other forms of immigration visas americans ? 
  probably not yet as i understand it . 
  do chinese elites have better lives than the american ones ? 
  i would n't think so : american elites are also extremely wealthy and they are n't under such a great risk of losing their fortunes like the saudis ( religious/dynastic conflict ) , mexican ( crime , cartel conflicts , extortion ) or chinese ( violating party hierarchy , affiliation etc. ), 
  i 'd like to travel there but from what i read about all those highway pirates and violence , it 's kind of scaring me off . 
  hey , this sounds like common sense , you ca n't have this !, 
  `` everyone who lives in america is an american . '', 
  `` everyone who comes to europe , no matter whether on a boat yesterday , sneaked over the turkish border into the eu , or that they have no ancestry here or connection to here , becomes a full-fledged european '', 
  that 's how some people think it works . 
  96 % + black people voted clinton . 
  hard to imagine the treatment she must get indeed . 
  like after orlando . 
  i have information that proves that no russian hack took place . 
  i can confirm that the information was leaked and contains evidence that may lead to arrest of hillary clin -, 
  ^ ^ his name was seth rich, 
  sweden is becoming like those semi-muslim countries like lebanon , where this ad would be appropriate . 
  what ? 
  why do people suddenly think it is ok to physically assault someone ? 
   the land does n't make the country , the people do . 
  europeans built african countries to be like europe , in a few years after they left , the infrastructure , railroads , buildings , fell into complete disuse , and what left were the resources and minerals mines they were fighting over , only so they could sell them to others because they themselves have no clue what to do with all that stuff , but chinese , europeans , americans etc. 
  they ca n't . 
  * putin is invading korea !, 
  it 's possible . 
  if media did n't go over the top with their anti-trump negativity and using any epithet they could against trump voters , many people who were undecided possibly would n't have bothered to uncover `` how terrible he actually is '' and find out that what the media says is actually not all true . 
   better safe than sorry, 
  on t_d , definitely . 
  been banned once for something i though `` obviously this is sarcasm , ca n't be mistaken , do n't need / s '' haha, 
  the fact that way too many people are violating a certain law ( like immigration rules ) does not mean that the law should be abandoned or those people to receive exemptions . 
  it 's like cancelling subjects at a college because way too many people are failing them ... oh wait , that 's actually being done , and that 's wrong . 
  `` he is mentally unstable !!, 
  what kind of a person tweets while president ? 
  that 's a proof of psychopathy ! '', 
  [ meanwhile ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dxdu48rhlu ), 
  voted for trump , but when they see how terrible he is , they wo n't vote in 2020 . 
  better flood them out !, 
  is n't that borderline mental retardation ? 
  i had an older guy ( in his 60s ) tell me : `` who 's gon na work at the fields ? 
  you gon na do it ? '', 
  not necessarily me , there 's plenty of people who would , but the whole thing is a principle that you should n't be in a country illegally . 
  we 'll grow our own , organic , non-gmo , farmer crops . 
   this means conflating socialism with anything the government/state does , or suggesting that communism is anything other than a *** stateless , moneyless and classless system *** where the means of production are owned by the community . 
  oh , they still believe in the possibility * stateless * communism , like the original marxist utopia ... of course now it makes sense how nothing was real communism/socialism because even the ussr abandoned the idea of `` collective ownership '' for `` state ownership = collective ownership '' very quickly .
