australia is not in asia , it is separate continent . 
  again - there is only one `` asian race '' , just like one `` european race '' , still europeans would not mind this question . 
  like you said you 're `` a mix of kinds '' , those kinds are various nationalities and ethnicities . 
  the same is for asians : there are different `` kinds '' ( nationalities , ethnicities ) but it 's still one type of people . 
  basically , what i meant by this question is that i do n't really understand why it is offensive for people to be asked where they are from . 
  some argue that it is `` judging by how the person looks like '' - true , if you look differently than the majority of people ( or indigenous people of that area , when it is a multi-ethnic nation ) , or speak with an accent , or act in a different manner ( culturally ) , then it is quite normal for people to ask where you are from . 
  i have an accent , so people in germany were asking me where i was from ( plus i do n't look quite west-european ) , did not find that offensive at all . 
  hair length . 
  i am not sure what it is like in western europe , there were and are ( weakening ) attempts to impose political correctness in the eastern eu , yet as even the `` tolerant '' ones see the images of hundreds of thousands of immigrants attacking borders , they 're becoming not so enthusiastic about uncontrolled multiculturalism . 
  if you look at it , most germans , british , french and other people in europe are not pro-immigration , it is only that the official media and official ideology is controlled by the self-proclaimed `` intellectuals '' who are convinced that `` borders are outdated '' and hold the naive view that it is possible to integrate people from completely different cultures not through demanding respect for the european law , as it would be normal in every other place and we do not even think about not obeying the law of muslim countries when visiting them , but by `` tolerating '' whichever law ( sharia ) they bring with themselves . 
  i am convinced this situation will not continue for too long , and , honestly , thanks the immigrants for that -- if the limitations of freedom went by `` little chunks '' , then we would be gradually losing freedom and would in time find ourselves living in a totalitarian system . 
  fortunately , we 're not at this point - and this wave of immigration exposed everything that is wrong with the enforced ideology , so there is still possibility to deconstruct it and return freedom of speech and belief back . 
  edit : spelling, 
  no , majority of muslims are not arabic . 
  iranians , indonesians , bangladeshis and turks are not arabic . 
  it is only about religion , this is why it is called `` islamophobia '' , and no `` arabophobia '' or `` turkophobia '' , though it is certainly a possibility to be afraid of those nations , but it is not the case in europe -- no one is afraid of coptic christians , for example . 
  yes , everyone will have to be sad . 
  muslim refugees in europe . 
  does that mean they will no longer be able to crash or broken into ? 
  my friend named her dog william shakespeare , but thought it would be weird to call `` shakespeare , come ! '', 
  out loud on the street . 
  i feel like one of those goofy guys who know a lot of weird stuff , a misunderstood intellectual , a member of a secret society now . 
  come on . 
  are you really going to read the answers ? 
  our high school was a branch of a private educational company which encompassed schools on all levels of education from kindergarten to university . 
  the university was located in a building next door and they had a really good restaurant in there , so we all used to go there on lunch pause -- until a new director was appointed at our high school . 
  he announced we were no longer allowed to go lunch there without supervision of a teacher , this directive was later strictened so that we were not allowed to leave the building at all , and in the end it was forbidden to leave the floor our classroom was on . 
  naturally , we began to protest and sign petitions , the director then came to our class to explain what was going on and had a rant :, 
  `` what if you go out and get run over by a car , or fall from the stairs , or damage yourself using an elevator ?!, 
  what if you 're assaulted , mugged , attacked ? 
  i wo n't risk going to jail because of you , i like my life too much for that !, 
  i wo n't get arrested because you will hurt yourself , break a leg or something and then sue me in the court , there 's no way that is happening ! '', 
  we ignored the rule , so they started enforcing a `` record in the book '' system , whereby the names of those who broke the rules would be written into a diary book and more than ten records meant being expelled from the school . 
  the teachers soon realized how ridiculous it was , so after a while they stopped writing our names in . 
  the director was pleased with how efficiently his policies are enforced and how obedient and tame the students are . 
  one girl spilled coffee in class , so starbucks-style cups were forbidden . 
  several days later , one guy spilled orange juice , so everything other than water in a transparent bottle ( so that they could see it is not actually a juice ) was banned . 
  the rules were often violated and teachers were n't exactly enthusiastic about this , so they did n't report if we did bring something like that , so the school administration decided to put a guard consisting of the most loyal teachers at the school entrance , checking people 's drinks . 
  there was a large poster saying that `` mcdonald 's style cups are prohibited on school grouds '', 
  carried a bag full of screws into the subway . 
  god stopped by police , searched , had my documents checked and had to explain why would i carry that just like that in open . 
  the police told me that it could have been an explosive and the screws would have been used as projectiles . 
  honestly , i think they overreacted , but this was the first time in my life i was stopped by the police on suspicion i was a terrorist . 
  she asked me if i were the guy who worked as a bartender in some club , because had the same name ( just the first name , not surname ) . 
  weird . 
  slipped on a plastic bag and crashed head-first into the heating , but somehow i did n't feel anything until i saw blood dripping onto the floor . 
  i was six . 
  according to an experiment one guy conducted , 8000 rubles ( $ 250 when it was done , now would be around $ 120 ) is enough to survive in saint petersburg , russia , for a month , if you only have basic needs . 
  this is including taxes , housing expenses , proper ration . 
  are you from europe ? 
  edit : from my experience , most people understand that not all religions are n't the same , it is the ideology of political correctness , which , however , dominates in western europe that tries to obscure this simple reality of what is happening . 
  however , if you read the old testament , you will see that there is as much violence as in quran , and same commandments to subjugate those who believe in the `` wrong god '' or in a `` wrong way '' . 
  there are many countries where islam is peaceful -- so i would not look for the extremism in islam itself , but rather in how it was developing in different cultures and the reasons for why those violent passages are taken seriously in islam today , but not in judaism or christianity . 
  while christianity has gone through a transformation and the societies where it was dominant through gradual secularization , where the religion became a matter of culture and belief rather than an actual political ideology , in many muslim countries this never happened , the religion in `` islamic republics '' or emirates is still enforced as it would have been in 7th century , and belief in quran being the literal word of god which can not be amended adds to this state , therefore existence of secularism is impossible , as that would have meant the rejection or `` criticism '' of the god . 
  in europe today , these concerns are very relevant , as extremism and terrorism is a great threat due to proximity to the affected areas . 
  how would it have felt if i jumped onto the tracks as this train is approaching ? 
  i am really curious , what is it like to be falling down , knowing what will happen . 
  i do n't have the courage . 
  i am not going to do it . 
  but i am still curious . 
  not everyone who smokes weed is a horrible drug addict . 
  i am not in favor of smoking weed , i do n't do it myself , but it is not equal to being addicted to heroin or cocaine . 
  the word `` negotiate '' means something like to `` to see anything in a pessimistic , negative way , be unfoundedly critical of something '' , because `` negative '' =  `` negativize '' =  `` negotiate '' . 
  ( i am not a native speaker ), 
  was surprised to find out it is actually a good thing . 
  anything . 
  i have an anxiety disorder . 
  she will never cheat on me with a black guy . 
  it started three years ago for me . 
  i can hardly remember what it was like not to be anxious all the time . 
  i doubt it would . 
  marriage is no longer a necessary social prerequisite for intercourse these days . 
  saint petersburg , russia . 
  we exchange gifts on the new year 's eve . 
  my speakers are broken . 
  i am watching which keys he is pressing and constructing the music . 
  it 's awesome . 
  alright , debunked . 
  you are right , it 's more of a listening than watching . 
  but it would have been really cool to hear the music by just seeing the keys , it 's like the composers who were composing music being deaf . 
  wtf, 
  anyway it 's better to just be able to listen . 
  would have added a smiley ( colon capital d ) so as for it not to sound like a declaration , but it 's reddit . 
  no smiles seems to be an unspoken social rule here . 
  ( colon capital d ), 
  i was confused for a british . 
  donetsk people 's republic, 
  but then you 're not really procrastinating . 
  introduction to linear algebra from gilbert strang, 
  i could have told if there was n't the `` at work '' part . 
  i do n't have a job . 
  [ serious ], 
  stand in the corner and hope no one notices . 
  off topic : read the headline as `` step father on the date '', 
  moist , the officially most `` cringeworthy '' word in english language . 
  are you an anarchist ? 
  god . 
  sorry , i misread the title and that the presence of a `` beginning '' is a condition . 
  i read it as `` everything has a beginning and has an end , what does n't follow that '', 
  in germany , a homeless man walked into a train , went through the coupes and asked for several euros .
