  surely no one dropped bombs on india , did they ? 
  conversely , where are all the serbian and vietnamese and cambodian terrorists ? 
  or were bombs dropped on them less terrible than those iraq was attacked with ? 
  there 's over a million vietnamese in america . 
   american nazis , french nazis , arab nazis, 
  that 's my point . 
  ethnicity is irrelevant , ideology is , and it needs to be determined * which * ideology is the relevant one : there were nazi christians and non-nazi christians ; christianity , in this case , was a spurious cultural factor , not the determinant of behavior of the regime of nazi germany . 
  germany was christian long before nazis were a thing . 
  i have a reason to fear muslims . 
  i do n't hate them , i just do n't want to increase the risk of terrorism in my country and city , therefore i support reasonable immigration policy , not one based on emotions ( `` let 's take in refugees , that 's who we are , we 're europeans , we must be generous !, 
  oh sure there 's a lot of terrorism in that region and they hate the west and christians , and all non-muslims , but it 's insane to think any terrorists would take advantage of a refugee wave , only good people are coming in ! '' ), 
  i think we should cease all military operations in the middle east ( and muslim world in general ) and finally leave them alone so no one can justify terrorism with `` but you bombed them so you deserve it '' and immigration with `` you ruined their countries so you have to let them in '' . 
  they do n't want a change within society , they want a change * of * society . 
  the irreversible demographic replacement through immigration should not be an acceptable political position or option at all . 
  it needs to be de-normalized . 
  we know what he gender he assumes he is , as cisgender jewish conservative male who has said that christianity is a part of his american culture , he has given up his ability to determine his gender and has authorized us to determine his gender for him . 
  my friend once shared a prager u video on fb about two years ago , been subscribed ever since . 
   you would if you could, 
  you 're absolutely correct . 
   refugees from a war you and your kind cheered on, 
  i was against war in iraq , libya , against interventions in syria and supporting insurgents of uncertain backgrounds in all parts of the world . 
  trump supporters and classical `` hawkish '' conservatives are frequently different people , despite there being some overlap . 
  one of trump 's promises was to end the `` nation building '' , and hopefully he could follow on that but his threats of `` military options against venezuela '' and the potential to start something with nk are kind of disturbing to me . 
  crabs in a bucket !, 
  * ( frequent troll ) * haha, 
  as non-nazi non-fascist non-kkk non-terrorist non-far-right non-anti-semite non-misogynist , i agree with you . 
  he 's probably just adjusting his tie . 
  that 's islamophobic !, 
  exactly . 
  has anyone seen something on / pol / ? 
   his ` rhetoric ' caused it . 
  he should have been nicer to muslims !, 
  if he did n't criticize islam there would be no terrorism !, 
  -- counterfactual , had 9/11 happened these days, 
   should have the same connotation as gingers not having souls . 
  now this issue is something that should not be taken lightly and joked about . 
  we should listen more when gingers speak about the daily challenges they face / s, 
  on the other side , if people were `` over the divide '' , would it have really mattered what ethnicity the president would have been ? 
  sure , no way of testing that if you had never had a ( half - ) african american president , but normally it should be that a president represents all citizens/constituents ... with the importance that was given to obama 's roots as a `` historical victory '' for african americans , how hillary 's victory would have been a `` victory for women '' , it seems rather to be a testimony to the opposite : identity politics was well and strong already back then . 
  only those from portland , san fran , nyc and boston / s, 
  puberty blocker ? 
  what the ... how is this not child abuse ? 
  this question could be sadly asked about so , so many things these days . 
  why is society removing itself from standards that are natural , have existed since the beginning of humanity , and are accepted as completely normal in all cultures except the west ? 
  right . 
  who * has * children ? 
  le pen , orban , other patriotic leaders , those who have what to be worried about . 
  but even so , people with traditional families are more likely to be patriotic and naturally worried about the future ( or , rather , people who are traditional tend to have large families ) , but there are exceptions of people who think on a high , broad level , even when problems will not possibily concern them , like kaczynski ( polish patriotic politician , not married , no kids ) . 
  i have had american teachers here in europe who have graduated from us universities and reading about all this culture in the us education and extreme sjw activism , i am quite surprised i have n't experienced that from them . 
  they seemed like normal , rational people ( also taught business & hr ) even though they were in their 20s . 
  even had one with a degree in `` gender studies '' and she did try to smuggle some feminism into the lessons , but overall not too crazy . 
  perhaps the real crazies do n't leave the us , or realize the cultural difference . 
  i used to believe this , once they get into the `` real world '' they may change . 
  the questions is , why would they ? 
  they will be shaping how the culture will be , the university graduates , they will be the new businessmen , politicians ... 
  consider the google case . 
  many companies are adopting policies shaped by those people , where everything is harrassment , snitching is common and so on . 
  the rothschilds are just puppets of the rockefellers . 
  why constantly point out the `` color '' of someone 's skin ? 
  everyone has some appearance , but somehow being a light-skinned caucasian is a special identity , not a physical appearance , and you constantly need to be reminded of what you look like , and your beliefs , opinions , judged on that basis . 
  imagine if everything you did was countered with : `` but you have green eyes and hazel hair , you ca n't understand that , stop greeneyesplaining ! '', 
  no one is complaining about chinese people looking like chinese , or africans looking african , but european-descended people are constantly judged on superficial basis in america . 
  unless it 's fake, 
  i 'm quite interested in who she is . 
  interesting she 's not hating on trump for having `` fueled the hateful rhetorics '' as they frequently say in the first place . 
  they 've been trying it all the time . 
  now , there 's a clash between neo-nazis and antifa . 
  it 's something that happens frequently , these two radical groups are fighting each other , in the us , in western europe , but now it is somehow a `` definitive proof '' that trump supporters are , in fact , nazis , as they were claiming all along . 
   everyone just expects you to automatically integrate into mainstream american culture, 
  and that 's the `` privilege '' you are talking about ? 
  of course people who are more assimilated into the mainstream culture will have an easier time being a part of that culture than those who are not . 
  your `` being twice as mindful '' as others is because as you said you feel you are not `` as well assimilated '' . 
  it 's not some conspiracy against you , it 's naturally how society works . 
  but many people believe that in order to eliminate the `` privilege '' it is the culture that needs to be eliminated . 
  they think it needs to be destroyed rather than people being more conforming to its standards . 
  if some people do not regard education as important but its necessary to be successful in a certain culture , the solution would be to pursue education , not to destroy the culture of valuing education , for example . 
  just indicators like `` they are statistically less likely to go to college '' do not mean they are less likely to succeed because of `` discrimination '' , especially with colleges specifically preferring `` diversity candidates '' ( except asians/indians , they 're too successful for that , and the system is tilted against them to make admissions more difficult ) . 
  of course people who do n't pursue higher education will not have `` as many chances afforded to them later in life '' like those who do , but it does n't mean people do n't pursue education solely because someone else has some abstract , nebulous `` privilege '' that takes that option from them . 
  in other words , the talk about someone 's `` privilege '' is taking issues in a passive voice : opportunities are not * afforded * to them , when it could easily be `` they do n't make choices that lead to opportunities '' - and there are many reasons not to make that choice , culture , or modes of behavior , being one of them . 
  as you said , however , we should not `` feel bad about it '' . 
  i do n't feel like i have denied chances to someone simply because i exist . 
  but florida was a part of the confederacy !, 
  it will go like this :, 
  1 no , it has nothing to do with islam . 
  oh , the terrorist was muslim ? 
  he was not a true muslim . 
  2 `` the suspect was frequently attending the prayers at the local mosque '' , says imam who knew the terror suspect , `` he was a good muslim , i do n't know what happened . '', 
  he definitely got koran wrong , it 's a book of peace , you can only understand it in arabic . 
  3 the terror attack perpetrator was a second-generation immigrant from algeria . 
  in a video published on islamic extremist site , he can be heard reciting verses from the koran , then praising the islamic state and attacking the `` infidels '' in arabic, 
  so what ???!!!, 
  not all muslims are terrorist !!!, 
  refugees welcome, 
   they have credibility because of maga, 
  they do n't have credibility because of `` maga '' . 
  they do n't have a credibility at all . 
  neo-nazi and extreme left groups have been clashing for decades , not just in the us but also in europe , neither has credibility . 
  yeah , we on t_d are totally `` about genocide '' . 
  wtf ... 
  anything could encourage violence if you really extend what a `` cause '' means .
