  obligatory r/ooerintensifies, 
  a serbian film, 
  there was a lot of `` hype '' about how terrible it is but i did n't really find very horrifying , the acting was not very convincing and in general it was a bit boring , not as much suspense as i expected . 
  not even funny let alone hilarious, 
  muslims . 
  muslims are not american , or european , they 're ... muslims . 
  european immigrants . 
  it would have without a doubt been a very different country had it been founded by muslims and not westerners . 
  this `` it 's a country of immigrants so all immigrants are good and beneficial '' is demagoguery . 
  the millions of muslims who came to europe last year , getting welfare and committing a few terror attacks here and there are not beneficial in any way , and they will certainly not integrate . 
  if you want to frame it like this ... well yes , westerners , it 's not their fault they happen to look in a certain way you seem not to like . 
  or are you disputing the very fact that the us was founded by europeans ? 
  is it also `` bigoted '' to say that china was founded by chinese , spain by the spanish , turkey by turks etc ? 
  i assume he 's not a muslim . 
  askreddit does not ban politics . 
  this is correct . 
  most muslims , however , come from traditionally muslim countries . 
  if there are germans who converted to islam ( and there are ) , they should be banned as well . 
  it was supposed to be a muslim ban , not muslims who are from pakistan , sa , somalia but not german , irish or french muslims ban . 
  unfortunately that would be `` illegal '' and for many people formal legalisms take precedence over common sense , like the judges blocking trump 's travel ban for the most dangerous countries . 
  great muslims . 
  times change , these muslims coming now to the west are not so great . 
  do you know that us and russia were allied during ww2 but now most americans believe russian conspiracies and hate russians ? 
  strange , is n't it ? 
  you are, 
  2 . wrong, 
  okay , i will try to make it simpler : are you disputing that the us was founded by europeans ? 
  why is it `` bigoted '' to say that ? 
  in which ways is it inaccurate ? 
  maybe saying british specifically would be more accurate , but the fact remains that the majority of the us population is european descended , including the hispanics . 
  so china is n't * really * chinese ? 
  even though han chinese are the vast majority of the population ? 
  france is n't * really * french ? 
   a lot of spanish people, 
  yeah and all mexicans are native americans , right ? 
  their skin color is not their fault you bigot . 
  in terms of physical labor . 
  they will run `` madame president '' , maybe in the chelsea variation . 
  or pocahontas . 
  go to brazil to see the future . 
  funny how hostile takeover of a nation from its dominant ethnicity is not considered `` oppressive '' at all . 
  almost 3 million , in fact . 
  germany started stripping some muslims of citizenship , america should do the same to those implicated in terrorist connections . 
  they 're not natives but mostly descendants of immigrants so it 's not illegal . 
  check who was the majority of population and the proportions . 
  do you really think the few hundred thousand slaves who were mostly working in agriculture `` built '' the country ? 
  like , they built the cities , the electric grid , the education system , the highways etc. ? 
  they wrote the laws , established political institutions , court system , wrote the literature , music , general culture of the country and so on ? 
  i am just using arguments people understand , like calling someone bigot . 
  idk , when were the history books you are reading written ? 
  it could as well be the opposite , the importance of slaves and non-europeans in history ( of the us and even europe ) is constantly being exaggerated . 
  this is a new trend in `` historiography '' i 've noticed . 
  they call it `` critical history '' ( basically revisionism ) , and that 's what they tend to teach in colleges these days . 
  the older history books usually have a different focus , it 's an argument of old versus new , and both had an agenda . 
  however , the us is neither africa nor east asia culturally ( yet ) , so i will assume the older books are more truthful . 
  treating * everything * they teach as * absolute * truth is a bit naive as well . 
  it 's not like universities and schools were n't used to instill certain beliefs under different regimes and ideologies . 
  i am not saying it tends to be wrong but it tends be biased , especially these days . 
  these days it is `` everything is the european people 's fault , if they did n't exist the world would 've been a better place . 
  if you 're european then feel bad about it and be ashamed . '', 
  it 's a really nice thing to hear ... 
   for most of ww2, 
  do you even know when ww2 started ? 
  no , it did not start when america joined it in 1944 , that was a year before it ended . 
  and japan was not the main theater , either , as americans tend to falsely believe . 
   they did n't even kill them, 
  this is mostly true . 
  during the war ( ww1 ) , many germans were interned as well , and there was a general suspicion of german people . 
  right now , the war is with muslims , so it 's not wrong to be suspicious . 
   ottomans ( ? ), 
  founded what you think of as modern day turkey, 
  nice wordplay . 
  yes , i mean the ottomans . 
  turks consider ottoman empire a part of their heritage . 
  chinese consider those `` different people '' and `` nomadic tribes '' a part of their heritage as well . 
  it might shock you , but germans consider the holy roman empire a predecessor of germany , despite the fact it does n't have germany in its name . 
  do you know mongols admire genghis khan as one of the founders of mongolia even though it was n't mongolia in today 's territory , and vietnamese consider ancient kingdoms a part of vietnamese history , even though it was before the establishment of the socialist republic ? 
  in short , saying who founded america is much easier than for most countries . 
  but your perspective perfectly fits in the `` multicultural '' view of the world . 
  no territory really belongs to a certain people , but to anyone , because nothing really belongs to anyone and no one really has any heritage . 
  we 're all `` just humans '' . 
  america entered european theater in 1944 . 
  the ussr was invaded in 1941 . 
  poland was invaded in 1939 . 
  it took americans five years to join european theater so saying `` the ussr joined america '' is ridiculous , they joined in , after stalingrad , after moscow , after leningrad , kursk etc. 
  but believe that pacific was the whole thing . 
  from my comment :, 
   japan was not the main theater , either , as americans tend to falsely believe . 
  david brock is an independent journalist with a high degree of integrity and impartiality . 
  it 's crazy that they invaded italy, 
   you say multicultural like it 's a bad thing, 
  no , not really . 
  many societies are * naturally * and historically like that . 
  like brazil , or mexico , or russia , india , china etc. , where there are hundreds of native ethnicities and cultures . 
  but many european countries are naturally ethnically homogenous ( poland is over 93 % ethnic polish and so on ) but are essentially told to scoot a bit and give up parts of their native country to random immigrants from the middle east and north africa , and adjust to * their * culture , because that 's the correct , tolerant thing to do . 
  it 's a powe grab . 
  also , asians and indians are fine , no objections there at all . 
  i did n't say that being non-european is not acceptable , having beliefs that others need to be subjugated and subordinate to your religion is what is unacceptable , at least these days , in modern societies . 
  that is my main objection to islam . 
   stop being so ridiculously inflammatory .
