  i find jackson pollock 's paintings indeed dumb . 
  she wo n't be objectified that way !, 
   are actually much better off because their ancestors were slaves , and they did n't subsequently grow up in west africa, 
  ahaha , i always remind people of * this * . 
  what they say is `` it 's because the english took all their people and resources '' . 
  so what are the chinese mining there now if all the `` resources were stolen '' , and since 1700s the population there has grown several times over , so one could say they have just enough people and time to have built great places to live , yet , somehow ... this has not happened . 
  this is correct . 
  in a way , the descendants of * actual * slaves are benefitting immensely from the fact their ancestors were sold to the british by africans , instead of staying in africa ( where they would still be slaves , just not of british people ) . 
  an activist builds a ramp , a sjw removes the stairs . 
  is this young thomas sowell ? 
  see , liberals are not * communists * . 
  they benefit from the collusion of massive corporations like p&g , goldman sachs , etc. 
  with the state . 
  they 're just corrupt . 
  do you have a phd in international relations ? 
  because there is nothing i can object to in your brilliant analysis . 
  the us needs to invade syria asap . 
  we are in nazi germany in 1930s . 
  we must resist . 
   next thing we know there was that `` gas attack '', 
  plot twist : assad tried to assasinate mccain and failed . 
   they want america fighting wars all over the globe for fun . 
  they wo n't say this but i would n't be surprised if this were n't too far from what they think . 
  do you mean national review by chance ? 
  because national interest ( nationalinterest.org ) is quite [ against interventions ] ( http://nationalinterest.org/feature/hillarys-huge-libya-disaster-16600 ) - against possible [ intervention in nk ] ( http://nationalinterest.org/feature/there-still-time-diplomacy-north-korea-21442 ) , regime change in iran , overthrowing assad etc. 
  foreign policy seems to be quite neocon-ish . 
  national interest , especially people like mearsheimer , bacevic , gvosdev seems [ restrained and reasonable ] ( http://nationalinterest.org/about-the-national-interest ) to me ( despite having been founded by kristol ) . 
  but you said * some * , not all posts of theirs , so it makes sense . 
  yeah , it 's a quote , i do n't know the origins of it but it 's great . 
  mauritania was the last country to abolish slavery , 2008 i think . 
  but abolishing slavery does n't mean it actually ends there . 
  people are divided into categories of slaves and masters by their ancestry , for generations . 
  [ migrants versus the mafia : cosa nostra ` declares war ' on refugees as mayor says sicily capital feels more like istanbul or beirut than europe ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3546081/mafia-declares-war-migrants-sicilian-gangster-shoots-innocent-gambian-head-amid-soaring-levels-migration-italy-mayor-saying-sicily-s-capital-no-longer-european.html ), 
  you 're right unfortunately , `` patriotic mafia '' would still be fun though lol, 
  i believe there was a treaty bewteen some european countries and libya would be preventing these people from further south of africa coming to europe . 
  interestingly , vice has made a video interviewing libyans , they absolutely hate these migrants going through their country , and the africans are complaining about `` libyan arabs treating them with prejudice '' . 
  unfortunately , libya is virtually not a country these days , and the destination of these people that drive even the arabs mad is europe and further west . 
  as some say , the counterpart to neoconservatism is `` liberal interventionism '' . 
  same results under different reasons and pretexts . 
  right . 
  it 's a virtually never-ending flood of people than will hardly stop or be drained on its own . 
  it 's potentially dozens of millions , some say hundreds . 
  they will turn europe exactly into what they left . 
  no benefit for them , no justification to let europe be destroyed for europeans . 
  the invasion needs to be stopped . 
  read some transgender experiences on reddit . 
  those people are saying that what they felt was `` unability to look in the mirror without perceiving themselves as disfigured , wrong , feeling pain , not fitting into their body , feeling they do n't belong to themselves '', 
  transgenderism is totally normal , not a disorder at all !, 
  i live in europe and sjws here just copy whatever the american sjw vanguard invents . 
  i am afraid that in some years it might be here as well ( how will they reconcile that with muslims ? 
  in america , they do n't have to deal with that ) . 
  at my university , the most cucked department ( humanities ) already has some feminist crazies going on about `` trans '' and admiring the `` progressive bathroom policy in america '' , but they 're still seen as literally crazy even by most in the department , so hopefully it will be contained . 
  i had an english teacher from minnesota . 
  she had a degree in feminism , complained about being unable to find jobs in america so she went to over here europe to teach english . 
  one of her assignments was for us to `` think about how barbie dolls could be made gender-neutral so boys could play with them . '', 
  i thought minnesota was a conservative red state but apparently i was wrong . 
  breaking news : anonymous official says the snow was supplied from siberia, 
  i believe it 's to emphasize that they 're laughing , relaxing and having a good time while watching that . 
  it 's like saying they were `` drinking beer '' , a thing you do to relax . 
  c o l l u s i o n, 
  lock her up !, 
  and [ some republicans ] ( http://www.fox5dc.com/news/238926113-story ) , too . 
  liberal historians , soon : the teutonic and other barbarians ' invasion of rome was actually cultural enrichment and improvement . 
  conservatives comparing the current immigration to europe with the `` path to the fall of rome '' are ignorant about the * true history * . 
  islam , just like the barbarians of the past , will be a great addition to europe 's cultural diversity and strength , just like the teutons improved the quality of life in rome , strengthened its army , and were very loyal and hardworking , unlike the lazy romans who never did anything . 
  i know a really old canadian guy who told me that `` germany was a nice country but we destroyed it and now it all kind of sucks '' lmao, 
  but you 're probably not in the german government or school administrations , this kind of thinking is * absolut verboten * . 
  he 's literally enslaving his fellow students and promoting rape culture . 
  i am a millenial ( is 1996 millenial or z ? ), 
  and i am a conservative . 
  i 'm offended at your insinuation that millenials are all cucks . 
  bad for hiking though . 
  here in europe the nature protective services are cheering that wolves and bears are slowly returning to the forests and mountains in central europe while hikers and travellers are terrified , but yeah , you 're right , we probably should n't have a problem with animals living where they 're supposed to live . 
  i think marriage should be between man and a woman by definition . 
  tolerance does n't mean you should change ancient traditions to accomodate a tiny minority . 
  to me it 's no different from redefining gender . 
  you 're simply not eligible for `` marriage '' unless it 's a normal mariage , like you 're not eligible for child benefits unless you have children . 
  marriage is a bond , traditionally to start a family . 
  not just some fancy celebration it was reduced to . 
  same-sex formal unions / `` registered partnership '' though ? 
  totally okay with that . 
  i am offended . 
  it 's because the justice system is unjust . 
  they 're arresting people just because they 're black and shooting them just for being black !, 
  ( they do n't ), 
  but then one could say that prison has more `` law and order '' than free life . 
  so this may be quite a stretch . 
  but their ideas definitely lead to a more constrained , totalitarian life . 
  banning pepper spray is the craziest thing . 
  it 's not even a real `` weapon '' . 
  it does n't harm anyone permanently . 
  it 's not even that we were allowed to carry pepper spray to school , it was n't even mentioned in the rules because it 's not all that dangerous . 
  interesting how english has no genders for words but you still intuitively know what is a she and what is a he . 
  but solar-powered airplane might be a thing soon . 
  it was bought from ukraine . 
  it 's an old aircraft carrier that was n't finished after the end of the ussr , russia did n't do anything with it so it just stayed in an ukrainian port for more than two decades and the chinese finished it . 
   originally laid down in 1985 for the soviet navy as the kuznetsov-class aircraft cruiser riga , she was launched on 4 december 1988 and renamed varyag in 1990 . 
  [ 6 ] after the dissolution of the soviet union in 1991 , construction was halted and the ship was put up for sale by ukraine . 
  ( ... ) purchased in 1998 and towed to the dalian naval shipyard in northeast china . 
  and you have an almost unlimited supply of rapefugees in the world .
