  the lady sitting next to me gave him a euro , to which he responded `` i said two '' , so she handed him one another one . 
  i asked her why , she shrugged her shoulders and said `` he needs it '', 
  because they do not contribute to global warming through use of their vehicles . 
  i was at a book shop and bent down to see some book on a lower shelf . 
  however , i did not notice that there were various postcards , bags and stuff hanging on this sort of protruding pole , and it stabbed me around 1 cm ( half an inch ) from my eye . 
  no , i care about the environment . 
  i am annoyed by people leaving waste in the forest or on the street ( especially , when they are standing next to a waste bin ) . 
  few people would seriously admit they `` do n't care '' about the environment ; most of those who do that sort of things do it `` unconsciously '' , as in , `` well , nothing happens if i throw this one can here . 
  it 's just a can , after all '' . 
  but then there are plenty of others who just do the same , and it accumulates . 
  it is just this feeling of `` being comfortable '' , and carrying your trash with you to a waste bin or cleaning up after picnic ... is not comfortable for many people , and they do n't feel like it is an obvious responsbility . 
  software company -- `` their software is linked to a foreign intelligence service , do not use it '', 
  medicines -- `` they test it on animals/poor factory workers '', 
  grocery store -- `` they are selling expired groceries and sticking a different expiry date on them '', 
  fashion -- see abercrombie and fitch, 
  fast food -- just conduct an experiment on health effects, 
  yes , it was just an example . 
  it does not affect the environment as a whole , but it keeps the immediate living environment of the people cleaner , healthier and more pleasant . 
  be this cool guy at a university . 
  i am at a university . 
  not as cool as i imagined . 
  `` we consider your recommendations of unlimited erections to friends , family and other business contacts ... '', 
  according to this , beer glass bottles . 
  i have two karma points left until i have a 100 . 
  i am a redditor of one month , that means i got on average 3.2 karma points a day . 
  once i brought a gun in disguise to fight off ukrainian fascists . 
  as a russian , i want trump . 
  or sanders . 
  but i do n't really fit the intended audience on this question , so just ignore this . 
  dirty socks, 
  agree , and abortion is as damaging to the body as , as various creeds of feminism teach is `` dangerous and bad to health '' , childbirth , especially if done incorrectly , which is not so rarely the case . 
  but having children requires responsbility , getting an abortion and claiming it is your absolute right at any time does not . 
  what would the benefit of this sham be , when the common sense aim is to increase the economic growth , which is best done without additional expenses on ecology and improvement of the environment , and supposedly this `` sham '' is created by those who are influential and have power , and that are usually large corporations -- for whom the creation of it and making themselves regulated would be counterproductive ? 
  what 's unpopular about it ? 
  most people do . 
  our school administration enfroced covering the outlets with the explanation that we 're using school electricity we did n't pay for and that we should not use sockets ourselves , as it is dangerous and we could hurt ourselves . 
  it was a private high school . 
  junior and senior years , we were 17 and 18 at the time . 
  also , opening windows without supervision of a teacher was prohibited . 
  we could fall off by accident . 
  it was an 18th century building and according to the law ( protection of cultural heritage ) , all the windows and external decorations and so on had to be kept original , so it was not allowed . 
  the objection is not that it is wrong to preserve the building , but that normally people who are not little children do not just fall out of windows by accident , so there is not really a need for such sort of guard in a high school in junior years . 
  i mean , if someone wants to jump off , they would do it regardless , from somewhere else . 
  nothing happens to you if you are tourist , and you are not even obligated to wear a veil if you are in a city where they are used to having people from different cultures ( dubai , abu dhabi ) . 
  so safety is not an issue , it is a safe country . 
  now saudi arabia , the united nations human rights council leading nation ... 
  the moment you can do it north korea will not be north korea anymore . 
  it is like those uncontacted tribes , as long as they are shrouded in mystery and you can only assume from the little information you have what is going on there , it is exciting . 
  once they 're revealed , not so much . 
  not that being `` contacted '' would not be beneficial to north koreans themselves . 
  no one cares about gays here , until homosexuality begins to be proliferated as an ideology . 
  no , not that people are `` converted '' to homosexuality , that 's impossible , but in a social engineering that `` gay marriage '' and normal marriage , gay `` family '' and natural family are `` equal '' , or that it is absolutely fine that naked men just in thongs are holding a `` pride parade '' , or that a man who thinks he is a woman would suddenly be allowed to use women 's bathroom ( `` bathroom equality '' ) etc. 
  other than that , really no one cares , as in actively hating gay people for being gay . 
  you are missing out a lot . 
  can not disagree with your statement on latvia , though . 
  flat earth society, 
  they 're the persians . 
  oh , that 's a double-level offense !, 
  you are likely to survive an encounter with simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4 now . 
  depends on what actually is homophobia . 
  i 'm not `` homphobic '' as long as homosexuality is a private matter and not a `` normality '' to celebrated through parades , as long as children are not threatened by it , as long as it is not appropriated as a `` superior '' form of being , while the real family is `` worthless '' and suggesting it is the only viable social structure that can provide the basis for the existence of the society is `` homophobic '' , unsuitable and heretic for the liberal `` progressive '' ideology . 
  96 % of people are born heterosexual , establishing that homosexuals are allowed to adopt children ( who are with a 96 % chance ) into a non-normal `` family '' which has no features of a natural family , is disadvantaging and unnatural . 
  chaikovsky was apparently a homosexual . 
  he did not walk in thongs and demand that men can marry . 
  he composed music . 
  he did not call to abolish `` heterosexual privilege '' . 
  he lived a normal life , and was accepted for who he was . 
  not everyone can be `` equal '' in everything , there is no reason to give homosexuals the `` rights '' which they have simply no use for and can not execute to the benefit of the society , such as marriage or adoption , just like foreigners can not vote and men can not give birth . 
  is it a discrimination that men are born with one type of organs and women with another ? 
  unless you accept the nature of that , apparently . 
  but everyone has their role in society , and it is good if they accept it . 
  there is only * one * skype system . 
  you do not use a different skype on the second computer , you do not need a new account , you can just enter your username from the first computer , and it will work . 
  somehow i can make out some patterns in it . 
  it looks like a sine wave if you look at it from distance . 
  heights . 
  yes . 
  especially when the line is long , because the tables could be filled up fast . 
  but i am in europe . 
  people usually throw their clothes or a handbag on the chair and occupy it , then go to stand in line . 
  i probably misunderstood what type of restaurant you mean . 
  i thought you meant fast food or something . 
  right now , it 's reddit . 
  i 've become an active user several days ago , and it has effect of a video game , and an expectation of some sort on me . 
  i have n't been playing video games since i was 12 , but the karma thing ... 
  i 've been five hours here continously today . 
  i do n't know what happened to * all * of them , but those i know went on to mostly prestigious business/law schools and are still cool . 
  being me . 
  the great october socialist revolution, 
  not every woman is a feminist , so i 'd rather restructure it as `` everything a man does is seen as a violation of women 's rights for a feminist '', 
  the dark part of youtube . 
  looked at it , and i stopped at beginner 4 . 
  what is at the last level ? 
  how many levels are there ? 
  time machine, 
  i meant the radical ones . 
  they 're something like islamists : who is not with them is a kaffir , even though they 're muslim . 
  so it goes for `` feminists '' -- who does not believe in everything they claim , is not a * true * feminist , even though they support women 's rights . 
  i came too late to reddit to have read something from him and did n't hear of him before , but it 's interesting . 
  ben eisenkop , better known by his reddit pseudonym unidan , is an ecosystem ecologist and doctoral candidate in biology at binghamton university , who became popular on the social media website reddit as the `` excited biologist '' who answered questions and explained concepts related to biology and ecology .
