  trump is making america great again . 
  i honestly believe he will be known as one of the best presidents there has ever been not only in america , but one of the greatest leaders in world history . 
  he is a true god emperor . 
  i also believe that while the tweeting may not be presidential , it is modern day presidential , since president donald j. trump is also a trendsetter . 
  furute presidents will be twitter-proficient . 
  that 's the most efficient way to communicate with the people , bypassing the filter of the fake news media like cnn and their low iq hosts and other insecure individuals who love to say false things just to attack the president and spread fake , made up stories about `` russia collusion '' and other nonsense . 
  it 's just all fake , whining dems upset they lost the election , sore losers . 
  it 's just how it is . 
  meanwhile , we 're getting along with china , russia , india , mexico , israel loves us , philippines hated obama but now they love us , we 're getting better with japan , awesome deals with korea , we 're destroying isis , but the fake liberal media still keep attacking it . 
  it 's terrible , dishonest , really . 
  it 's all terribly dishonest . 
  we 're winning but too many people ca n't see because of all the negative press covfefe, 
  african british, 
  taxes used to paid for the `` free '' healthcare . 
  i mean , the healthcare is n't literally free , where do americans get this idea , you are n't `` enslaving doctors '' like rand paul is saying , it 's just the cost shared among everyone in the country . 
  literal cuckservatives , ca n't stand them , especially the ones who did n't vote for kate 's law . 
  vote them out out out . 
  the irony of you posting this comment while apparently being offended by my `` bigoted '' one . 
  i do n't `` distrust '' black people i just do n't find them attractive , in `` pure '' or `` mixed '' version , that 's not bigotry . 
  bigotry is prejudice , the word generally ca n't be applied to disliking someone 's appearance . 
  if i said i hate them because they 're unappealing , that would probably be closer to `` bigotry '' . 
  *** edit : sorry i thought i was replying to op , ignore ***, 
  so am i and all other people obliged to find certain people attractive because this is what american political standards of `` equality '' dictate ? 
  the whole world is not america , people have different tastes and perceptions of beauty . 
  story of a black guy from japan :, 
   one of my most uncomfortable experiences was going into an audition without knowing the role for which i was being considered . 
  there were two doors labeled `` handsome man '' and `` taxi driver , '' respectively . 
  without thinking , i walked into the `` handsome man '' room ( maybe a bit of vanity on my part ) and waited . 
  all of the guys in the room were tall and white , many of them speaking french . 
  so i enjoyed eavesdropping in a language i no longer use while in japan . 
  after about 25 minutes of waiting , and still not being called , i asked a member of the staff how long i would need to wait . 
  she looked at me , then back at her list , and said in japanese : `` you 're in the wrong room . '', 
  i 'm not the only one . 
  are you somewhere from the baltics or that general area ? 
  just curious . 
  you sound like people from there . 
  how does your username indicate minnesota ? 
  anyway i doubt you encountered any russians because there are virtually none outside of new york and california in the us . 
  it 's mostly because they 're not an `` underprivileged minority '' , quite the opposite , so they lose the protection that , say , black people have . 
  the moment liberals start making fun of you and being bigoted towards you , like they are against asians , that means you have succeeded , and asians in the us have done just that . 
  it 's also why they hate ben carson , he is successful , so he does n't fit their category of a protected `` minority '' . 
  it is if you 're a democrat . 
  fake chinese hoax . 
  they made that up to rip us off on trade . 
  [ omis ] ( https://500px.com/photo/117922743/yin-yang-by-janne-kahila?ctx_page=1&amp;from=search&amp;ctx_q=omis+croatia&amp;ctx_type=photos&amp;ctx_sort=relevance ) in croatia . 
  are you using `` social justice '' unironically ? 
  this is really the first time i am encountering it . 
  anyway , if that 's the case , how does not stereotyping someone add to justice ? 
  why is `` unjust '' to use stereotypes ? 
  i just do n't see the `` justice '' part in it . 
  i 'd say maybe inappropriate but technically unjust ? 
  and black people . 
  they always vote democrat against their own interest . 
  i have a social anxiety disorder . 
  i added it afterwards . 
   probably did n't understand it, 
  yeah that sounds like your regular liberal , they do n't understand much . 
   did you edit or am i just blind, 
  yes , i did n't want to ask it in a separate comment , when i do that i hope i edit it fast enough so people see the edited version but it 's rarely managed lol, 
   that we eliminate disadvantages in any context based on pre-judgements, 
  but is n't being considered intelligent ( jewish , east asian , indian , persian/iranian stereotype ) generally an advantage ? 
  i mean , it 's never felt a disadvantage to any person from those ethnicities i know , they 're generally proud of it . 
  ( even if it does n't describe them personally ), 
  making america great again will benefit everyone !, 
  supporting amnesty for illegal immigrants . 
  invading somewhere in the middle east with full force . 
  i am biased against liberals but i am very objective and reasoned in my bias , trust me . 
  it 's because the women have the choice not to abort their babies . 
  so existence of minorities in america is in your mind incompatible with america being a good ( or great ) country to live in ? 
  but we 're the bigots ? 
  are minorities somehow fundamentally opposed to making america a better country , or is their well-being incompatible with the well-being of the general population ? 
  to me it is go to whatever bathroom you like . 
  before all this transgender thing was brought attention to , most people would just shrug or have a chuckle about it , probably thinking you got confused , now , after all this , many people just instantly think the person in a `` wrong '' bathroom is a pervert of some kind . 
  he 's right though , i am russian , but it 's funny he thinks i am irrationaly hateful , there is nothing hateful in my post history . 
  which minorities is he oppressing and how ? 
  voter ids ? 
  enforcing immigration law ? 
  not all latinos are illegals . 
  strengthening the police force and fighting crime only hurts african americans if you believe all african americans are somehow criminals . 
  also what about asians , jews , indians in america and all other people who actually work for what they have ? 
  it 's getting better for the self-reliant ones . 
  not everyone is reliant on government help all the time , i do n't know why you think that limiting welfare fraud will hurt all minorities , unless you believe that all minorities only live on welfare . 
   not saying all trump supporters are bigots but all bigots are trump supporters . 
  i agree , my personal belief is that while not all terrorists are muslims , all muslims are terrorists . 
  it 's nothing compared to the 93 million shot due to gun violence , 500 million losing their jobs , and guam tipping over . 
   `` one can not but feel a bit suspicious if it is n't an attempt to break up european unity , '' an unnamed diplomat told reuters . 
  i hope it is . 
  why would the eu think there is `` european unity '' ? 
  there is unity among many european people , but not unity between the european people and the eu . 
  there can be no unity if they 're forcing countries to give up fundamental attributes of sovereignty , such as deciding whom to allow to come into the country . 
  # [ not an argument ] ( https://youtu.be/eyx2pmxe14u?t=25s ), 
  i give birth in 9 months and have a baby . 
  because i 'm lazy and i like the theory of having motivation , but i always put off things for later . 
  you must be a delusional berniebro . 
  you 're just basement dwelling and trolling . 
   you are so partisan and stupid . 
  ( ... ) i mean just shut the fuck up man, 
  so many facts !, 
  i bet you live in one of those great liberal cities . 
  all of the fake news studios are located there , so their inhabitants are much more influenced than people in other parts of the country , because they 're much closer to the emiting sources .
