  i also write about [ non-american government ] ( http://archive.is/gdx9x ) , [ north korea and ussr ] ( http://archive.is/t1t1p ) , that [ not all terrorists are men ] ( http://archive.is/sdxbh ) and [ muslim organizations in russia in 18th century ] ( http://archive.is/dyw2d ) . 
  why would i be talking [ about getting a visa to the us if i were american ? ] ( http://archive.is/h7p2d ) . 
  it would be really weird to consistently pretend i 'm russian instead of being `` american self '' on a sub dedicated primarily to american politics haha . 
   you write in american slang too well not to be an american . 
  that might be all the t_d , reddit and english-language news . 
  the obviously false claim that i work at gru and post about it on reddit does n't exclude the much more likely fact that i am russian who does n't work in gru and that i am saying i do is fairly obvious trolling . 
   average russian citizen knows any more about what really happened than we do ? 
  probably less . 
  well , unless you have access to some government/classified sources , but consume the same ( american ) news that i do , there is little that would preclude me , a non-american , from knowing a lot about what 's going on there and what state the investigation is in currently . 
  nor does it preclude some americans from being less knowledgeable than some foreigners . 
   first world country is turning liberal, 
  there will be a sharp turn towards unspoiled religious totalitarianism as these countries first become extremely liberal , then get taken over by a caliphate . 
   there are very few places in the us, 
  some neighborhoods of san francisco , la and new york city possibly , the rest of the country is pro-heterosexual . 
  he probably intended to say `` in the middle east '' . 
  agreed with point 3 . 
   is n't that the same thing the actual nazis did ? 
  they also did claim that people who use star of david make them * feel unsafe * at the beginning . 
   her * two moms * ran up, 
  i just still ca n't get used to this being used unironically . 
  not poland . 
   poland was the country most in favor of a ban on muslim immigration with 71 percent of respondents agreeing with the statement . 
  austria was close behind with 65 percent . 
  at times i 'm accused of being a russian troll , now someone is trying to prove i 'm not one . 
  is it really so weird that a non-native-speaker would be able to write in english without some comical stereotypical mistakes ? 
  also it would be really strange for me to be consistently posing as a russian for months on various subreddits , as i posted on the links in above comment . 
   any native , any where would n't hesitate to take a few minutes to talk about where they are from . 
  not that i 'm paranoid about doxxing but not too many people are eager to talk about where they live/are from on a place like reddit . 
  i 'm from [ siberia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yakutsk ) ( but do n't live there ) but surely you 'd say i 'm making that up lol . 
  was there a video or something ? 
  it 's already deleted . 
  how old are they ? 
  wtf , they 're like 6 at most . 
  are we sure it 's a `` rape '' and not a fight ( less disturbing ) or a game ? 
  i have n't , but then there were other horrifying things like that autistic guy being kidnapped and tortured in chicago . 
  i am studying in europe . 
  there is a board for various ads and invitations to protests etc. 
  in the hall of the college . 
  someone put an invitation poster to a `` stop islamization of europe and say no to mass immigration '' demonstration . 
  gone within ten minutes , the `` tolerance , acceptance , refugees welcome demonstration '' poster was left intact . 
  apparently it 's not a freedom-of-expression friendly board . 
  socialized healthcare sucks , let the eurocucks keep it . 
  freedom is much better . 
  also , healthcare is a privilege , not a right . 
  you ca n't expect other people to pay your bills if you do n't work hard enough . 
  i did n't think it was creepy until an american teacher i had in high school once mentioned nonchalantly they did that * every day * . 
  i was convinced it was only special occassion thing . 
  i think pledge of allegience is a good thing but at that rate it may just annoy people . 
  apparently you 're just trolling me . 
  ok . not like i have to prove my ethnicity to some random american . 
  i am not 12 , the political term of cuckoldry was coined by richard spencer so it proves that it 's an adult word to use . 
  i checked it and it 's not that bad . 
  yeah , just saw that after looking again . 
  sick . 
  do n't think the guy is capable of reproduction at that age . 
  but as a training for their future `` mission '' , sure . 
  absolutely one of the most disgusting things i saw so far . 
  i am alt-right . 
  it 's literally socialism . 
  do you really want to have the last word in the comment chain ? 
  checking that the door is locked several times over will prevent a disaster . 
  sometimes i return back after a few minutes to see if it 's * really * locked , even though i rationally know it is . 
  you do n't live among rednecks like myself then . 
  i care about freedom and choice . 
  i live in europe . 
  so it 's not really an issue for me . 
  vanessa mae around ten years ago . 
  wrong , trump would be siding with russia against north korea . 
  we would just all attack north korea and it would be done . 
  that 's because we are n't going in full scale . 
  otherwise the anti-assad internal factions would n't have been so strong . 
  russian involvement is very limited in syria , as is american . 
  the primary aim is to keep the military and naval bases in the mediterranean ( hmeimym etc. 
  ) , which requires that assad stay in power . 
  but as for major contribution , you 're definitely right . 
  north korea is a threat on a global scale , i heard that on the news . 
  i literally ca n't sleep because of them . 
  do n't be all facts on me , i am no nobel laureate in economics . 
  funnily enough , i ca n't shake off the stereotypical idea of obama being the * nice guy president * and , as they say , * scandal free * . 
  i 'm not even american . 
  even though i know it 's not true . 
  so yes , many people probably do believe it actually . 
  if it were not for t_d and some conservative websites i 'd surely think obama was definitely not the most memorable and interesting president but one that was average , non-offensive and scandal-free . 
  russians destroyed the evidence . 
   eavesdropping backed up by government documents . 
  fake news evidence made by russians to damage obama 's and hillary 's reputation !, 
  an anonymous official with knowledge of the situation in the white house . 
  north korean missile threat . 
  my bmi is 20.1 so not really fat . 
  i was in croatia at the sea and jumped into the water . 
  i had snorkel on , looked around under the water and saw that i 'm surrounded by jellyfish , it looked [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvk4zfxm7pa ) . 
  i jumped right out of there . 
  nothing really happened but it was kind of scary at the moment . 
  not really , they had a chance not to act on it already . 
  they are self-aware . 
  i expected something from r/hottiesfortrump , the image being designated nsfw , but this is far better . 
  it 's possibly an inappropriate thing to ask but i 'm wondering why the video is such a low quality and tiny format . 
  what were they filming it with ? 
  it 's recent but when and how was it first discovered ? 
   they learn to create a civilization,
