  akchully , it all falls in place : the asian man dragged off the flight is the terrorist !, 
  case closed . 
  out of state or out of country ? 
  # \\ #neverislam, 
  tired of the incessant islamophobia !, 
  this is a [ very tough choice ] ( http://algonjaner.000webhostapp.com/difficult.jpg ) . 
  he finished reading the art of the deal that day , probably . 
  daily reminder that ther current president of france , francois hollande , who has 4 % approval rate and decided not to run for reelection because it would guarantee that the socialist party will lose ( they will anyway ) is a sexist misogynist who does n't want le pen to be president :, 
   hollande says in video he would prefer that a man succeed him, 
  god is great in arabic ... damn , and trump wanted to prefer iraqi christians to muslims , see , i bet he was n't yelling allahu akbar but god akbar !, 
  who is this gronk guy ? 
  ( serious question though lol ), 
  yes . 
  #a small donation of 1 million dollars, 
  is this speech written ? 
  i like how he has `` terrific '' and `` great , great '' in a written speech . 
  hahaha , i remember reading about that incident . 
  supposedly it 's in some museum in moscow now ( apparently in the presidential gifts section in the kremlin - do n't remember exactly ) . 
  c r y b u l l i e s, 
   in which an adult is trapped in the body of a 12-year old, 
  i did n't . 
  that 's what i was saying , but i 'm in europe . 
  ( and i 'm russian ) i said it was n't homosexuals who rallied for gay marriage but `` progressives '' ( it 's a fact in the country where i am - there 's `` registered partnership '' and people are fine with that ) , for them it 's a political struggle , not a fight for anyone 's `` rights '' , a test how far they can go , and they capitalized on every `` victory '' of theirs . 
  this was years ago , now back then nonexistent sjws are trying to tear down the oppressive divisive barriers between men 's and women 's bathrooms in some places ( fortunately that 's literally illegal per legal code ) , and the `` gender equality council '' , a government advisory institution , which also did n't exist a few years back , is trying to get a poem about `` beauty of motherhood '' and `` caring for children and family '' removed from 3rd grade textbooks because it promotes `` inequality '' and `` gender stereotypes '' . 
  but youtube is a private companyyyyyyyyyyyyyy , they can do and delete anything they want !!!, 
  you are * obliged * to bake that cake you christian conservabigot - also them, 
  that 's hilarious because putin 's party got 45 % of the vote , and won the majority of single-member districts . 
  is he saying that cnn ... is working for putin and russia ? 
  is the marinelli guy a troll , at least a bit ? 
  how can he not be a troll , supporting a california ` independence ' from russia and opening a california embassy , lol . 
  that 's too funny a story to be real . 
   i had long planned to eventually return to occupied california and struggle for her independence from the united states so we could build the kind of country that reflects our progressive values . 
  occupied california , lmao, 
  no , by neo-nazis and misogynists they mean us . 
  we 're the `` baddies '' . 
  it started out like a real , believable story , then quickly progressed towards tendies haha . 
  my radical imam came into my room to bring me my hijab and i literally screamed at him and threw the hijab away . 
  he called me an immodest slut who does n't want to cover up and i slammed the door on him . 
  i always do that to radical imams and i 'm literally in shock they think i will wear their trash bag . 
  i feel like they 're going to explode when i do that . 
  why the fuck does he think i will ever wear that ? 
  he 's having a fucking breakdown . 
  he does n't want to believe the world is so * infidel * that a woman can reject a hijab . 
  he wants islam to dominate , he wants christians and jews to pay their jizya . 
  he wants abu bakr al-baghdadi to be the caliph of the world and defeat the crusaders . 
  he ca n't fucking deal with that . 
  it was n't supposed to be like this , the ottomans were supposed to take vienna in 1683 , he thought isis was doing well in syria ? 
  this is so haram . 
  you are at only 20 % upvoted . 
  someone does n't want to stop the pedos !, 
  i believe the stats are so tragic it should be mandatory for girls to major in computer science or otherwise be stoned or flogged . 
  that 's the only progressive way i see . 
  i do n't want to sound rude or prejudiced , but i think it really is the time right now to end the radical nationalist japanese imperialist shinto toyota vehicular terrorism . 
  yeah , they 're , like , religious extremists and stuff , why do they have to constantly blow stuff up and shoot at people and ride their buggies onto sidewalks everywhere from nice to stockholm ? 
  i would n't go to france !, 
  ( until le pen is elected ), 
  the same thing they said after the st. petersburg attack . 
  - muslim blows up a subway yelling allahu akbar . 
  worldnews : why is putin doing that ???!!, 
  they do n't believe * hugo chavez * was a socialist ? 
  but sanders is not a * real * socialist !, 
   when the fran\u00e7ois mitterrand government in the late 1980s rounded up some illegal immigrants from mali and put them on a flight back home , *** the left likened the policy to the trains exporting jews to the gas chambers of auschwitz . 
  among activists and celebrities organizing themselves in support of illegal immigrants , the undocumented were transmuted into france 's ultimate symbol of victimhood , an `` ideal jew , '' *** in zemmour 's phrase . 
  with sardonic irony , he concludes : `` for all the french who could not , or would not , or dared not , or wished not to save jews in 1942 , history benevolently provided them with a second opportunity . '', 
   for some it clearly means that the essential identity of europe is to be diverse , or cosmopolitan , which means it should have no identity -- in other words , an identity based on a kind of denial of identity . 
  to be true to this desired self , europe must deny its own origins . 
  the consequences emerge frequently -- for instance in the brouhaha over a proposed museum of history of france . 
  multiculturalists wanted the new structure be named the museum of history in france , so that no extraneous appeals to strengthen national identity were transmitted . 
  as finkielkraut concludes , *** this is the first time in the history of immigration that those who are being welcomed reject the idea that those welcoming them have the right to represent the welcoming country . 
  [ the battle for france ] ( http://www.theamericanconservative.com/articles/the-battle-for-france-french-elections-eric-zemmour/ ), 
  a politician who wants to stop terrorism will get more votes than those making excuses for it . 
  how shocklingly terrible and illogical !, 
  yes , look at the trees , not at the forest . 
  every tree is a beautiful individual that does not deserve to be judged just because it has leaves and stem like those other trees !, 
  deusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvult [ deusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvult ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdhf4o54yju ) deusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvult [ deusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvult ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5n_jc8pfpk ) deusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvultdeusvult, 
  there is one thing i learned from there :, 
  #muhammad is a rapist, 
  hey hey hey careful with your prejudiced islamophobia / s, 
  it may become a genuine mecca if le pen does n't win . 
  the comment kind of makes it sound as if le pen winning were a bad thing . 
  people are blaming everything on muslims but cnn informed me that most terror attacks are committed by europeans themselves , i mean , look at the list :, 
  the terrorist was a * french national * . 
  a * belgian national * committed a terror attack in brussels subway . 
  the terrorist who drove a car onto a street in stockholm was a confirmed to be a * swedish national *, 
  the perpetrator of st. petersburg subway attack was a * russian national *, 
  a * german national * has been shooting during the munich attack, 
  the london attack was committed by a * british national *, 
  never untangled . 
  personally i think we will never know . 
  there are just too many possibilities . 
  i think the most likely one was that he was marginalized and unemployed , and was sick of the oppression from the french majority . 
  especially the deeply injust police system , that 's why he targeted the police . 
  but i am assuming genders here , it obviously could 've been a woman , we may never know what xzher genuinely felt like . 
  true , i formulated it badly , unfortunately you ca n't edit titles . 
  no , the crusades were islamophobic wars -- my college english prof, 
  the change may come from within iran . 
  they have islamist government but the people are mostly secular . 
  but iran is still a small part of the islamic world , and sunnis are often far more radical than shias . 
  nk has bombs and hackers though . 
  ideologically , it 's stone age .
