  i read his `` next week on wednesday comment '' and was fearing the worst . 
  never went to r/altright but , have mixed feelings , but i am so so happy it 's not r/the _ donald he was talking about . 
  your comment made me reconsider to begin posting comments on askreddit etc. 
  again , just in case . 
  there is jewish as an ethnicity/nationality and jewish as a religion . 
  anyone can become jewish as a religion by converting ; jews as an ethnicity can convert . 
  so for example ivanka is jewish by conversion but not ethnically jewish . 
  many ethnic jews converted to christianity in europe though , and so on . 
  also , why do they think that everyone knowing history must inevitably be liberal ? 
  it 's `` arc of history bending '' theory . 
  or the `` conservatives would be liberals if they were n't `` ignorant '' belief , because there are of course no educated people who are conservatives ... 
  hate spewing troll = conservative in their mind . 
  so according to what they believe , they 're not wrong . 
  they just said a synonym of what you said . 
   yay !, 
  he 's a jew, 
  not so fast !, 
  is he a jew who supports palestine or not ? 
  because that is important in deciding whether he is a privileged oppressor !!!, 
  suspiciously resemblant of ... 
  like the first comment on the video, 
   anarchist say `` enforce the law !!, 
  arrest him !!!, 
  lol, 
  it 's hard to catch the wave on r/the _ donald, 
  this is a legend . 
  like this , i guess :, 
  donald trump is a bigoted misogynist, 
  donald trump is a bigoted misogynist ( ic ) xenophobe, 
  donald trump is a bigoted misogynist ( ic ) xenophob ( ic ) anti-semite, 
  are you getting downvoted because people did n't read the rule or because ctr auto-downvote even sjw insults ? 
   i assure you he in no way controls our president . 
  so we should counter \\ #stoppresidentbannon with \\ #theresnopresidentbannon on twitter, 
  antifa , anti-first amendment, 
  inside the wh ? 
  i thought every president brings his own , new staff ? 
  anyway , just looking at it , it seems a bit fake . 
  like , fake attempt at credibility . 
  courtesy some centipede whose username i do n't remember . 
  * ctrl-left, 
  okay , i was convinced australia is a continent , and kaine was apparently right lol, 
  it 's a group founded by gavin mcinnes , a club with initiations , rituals , and so on . 
   you publicly declare you are a proud boy . 
  this means you make your western chauvinism public and you do n't care who knows it . 
  if you support trump ( how can you not if you 're a proud boy ? ), 
  and it comes up in the cafeteria , you proudly state your stance . 
  another masterpiece from spiegel i was reading before the election . 
  ( i 'm learning german ), 
  i had a liberal feminist teacher ( complete with a degree in gender studies ) from the us in high school . 
  once she went off how the confederate flag is a symbol of `` terrible oppression and bigotry and i do n't know why it 's not banned in america yet '' , i was surprised as i believed it had long ago lost this connotation and was a mere symbol of the south as a distinct culture . 
  she was mindblown when i told her about an encounter i had while in croatia : an african american family came to the hotel , their car had alabama license plates decorated with the confederate flag , their car had confederate symbols , and you could recognize the room they lived in by ... they hung a towel which was confederate flag on their window !, 
   americans caused ~ ~ internment ~ ~ internet, 
  ftfy, 
  also :, 
  wtf i love the war in iraq now !, 
  yes , sometimes on t_d there are non-provocation comments by various sjws , liberals , etc. 
  who `` politely disagree '' but their argument still does n't stand . 
  sometimes i feel we should keep those as examples , as well as to see responses that are made to them . 
  #o r i g i n a l l y, 
  #m u s l i m, 
  #w o m a n, 
  exactly . 
  thank you , i read comments before clicking . 
  i am fairly pro-life , so i do n't think i want to hear whatever it sounds like , the medical descriptions i have read are probably enough for me . 
  it 's also a prominent [ fake news site ] ( http://shareblue.com/ ) . 
  ( hopefully linking there is not against the rules ), 
  basement dwellers !, 
  for me , too . 
  unfortunately it 's a link to a cnn article about fake news on facebook , not about cnn being fake news . 
  i want reparations from mongolia because they occupied russia from 1240 to 1552 . 
  for this reason , i am part mongolian . 
  also , your germanic ancestors considered us slavs subhumans and insulted us because we 're partly asiatic barbarians , so i want reparations from you , too . 
  one rational opinion here . 
  / pol / is funny but i do n't want t_d to be / pol / conspiracy sub . 
  more like arabs did , despite islam , not islam as such . 
  then , after the sack of baghdad , they invented islamism , which prevented all kinds of progress . 
  triggered catholics are downvoting you !, 
  did so when i was 1 , can recommend . 
  time to reverse 1054 and make istanbul constantinopole again !, 
   like self driving cars, 
  good for saudi arabia , women are n't allowed to drive there !, 
   i thought islam was a legit enemy of the establishment, 
  it was . 
  it is . 
  it is an enemy of any establishment that is not islamic and does not follow islam as the divine law . 
  which is why syrian christians , alawites , kurds and all other non-sunni minorities support the assad family . 
  he is secular , not a radical islamist . 
  yes , you may not have the western-style voting democracy there , but you will not be persecuted for your religion under most secular authoritarian governments . 
  or ancient greece . 
  or rome , for that matter . 
  in college . 
  how ? 
  of course it is . 
  i was just reading the last issue of fortune magazine chastising google and other sillicon valley companies for having `` too many asian people there '' and being `` not diverse enough . '', 
  also , this ibtimes article :, 
  `` however , the irony is that if the admission criteria and process in all u.s. universities were completely fair and equitable -- that is , based purely on academic qualifications -- the asian weighting in the elite colleges would likely be significantly higher . '', 
  `` african americans received a `` bonus '' of 230 points , lee says . 
  she points to the second column . 
  `` hispanics received a bonus of 185 points . '', 
  the last column draws gasps .
