  i am watching a rally of a president on the other side of the world, 
  lol, 
  we need to build a wall and make china make mexico pay for it . 
  we need to build a wall and make china make mexico pay for it . 
  what would hillary be doing right now if she had won ? 
  was shariablue shut down ? 
  why is no one trolling in this thread ? 
  anyway , it does n't matter , drumpf is getting inpeeched any day now , he 's done for . 
  even putin wo n't save him from mueller . 
  should n't have had that second scoop . 
  why are liberals making fun of agricultural rural rednecks but glorifying organic vegan fresh farmers ' markets at the same time ? 
   no homemade signs , banners , professional cameras with a detachable lens , tripods , monopods , selfie sticks , back packs or large bags will be permitted into the venue , the campaign said . 
  america does have this , actually . 
  when asking for a visa , you need to prove that you have at least $ 10 000 disposable on your bank account . 
  when i was looking for conditions to go to the us as an exchange student ( for a semester ) , you need at least $ 8000 . 
  also i believe there are conditions on health insurance and `` extraordinary expenses '' . 
  getting into america is not that easy ( legally ) and it 's pretty much impossible to immigrate ( unless you are a muslim or some other privileged/protected class ... if you 're european or asian seeking a longer-term residence it 's very difficult ) . 
  they can still deny you visa for any reason at any time without explanations . 
  not that it 's a bad thing , obviously countries have and should have full control over who comes there . 
  i am literally shaking when people mention open borders . 
  it 's horrifying . 
  there should be * no borders * . 
  the most important distinction for me is that trump is god emperor , caesar just emperor . 
  the brightest !, 
  our philosophers have the best words !, 
  if that city is mogadishu . 
  sadly , in this case , it 's not : /, 
   there was evidence jesus had a wife . 
  did he thigh her when she was 6 , married at 9 , beat her until she `` submits to his sexual desires '' , and then threw acid to her face before stoning her though like prophet of peace would ? 
   sahih bukhari ( 72:715 ) - a woman came to muhammad and begged her to stop her husband from beating her . 
  her skin was bruised so badly that it is described as being `` greener '' than the green veil she was wearing . 
  muhammad did not admonish her husband , but instead ordered her to return to him and submit to his sexual desires . 
  lol, 
  [ #notmyfemalepresident ] ( https://i.redd.it/bh470efenaxx.jpg ), 
  rule no . 
  of the internet : every decent person is banned from r/offmychest and r/twoxchromosomes, 
  radical monarchists, 
  germany needs more muslims , i think what radicalized him is that they did n't let enough muslims in , which is islamophobic . 
  you can be arab , just do n't be muslim . 
  copts are fine . 
  very offensive to muslims !, 
  it 's still ridiculous police thinks it needs a * rainbow diversity car * . 
  okay , a rainbow ice cream truck or a candy store , ok , but a police car ? 
  ca n't the eu just adopt the first amendment as a an amendment to the lisbon treaty ? 
  ^ ^ who ^ ^ am ^ ^ i ^ ^ kidding, 
  but then they would have a harder time identifying dissenters . 
   just in case, 
  yes , better safe than sorry . 
  sajid claims he is not a muslim and believes christianity is the traditional religion in the uk ( which is i assume why she thinks insulting him is not offensive ) , but his family is still of muslim heritage , so there is a great potential this comment may have been islamophobic and will need further attention . 
   how did she know it was a muslim ? 
  because even muslims are islamophobic , prejudiced bigots when it comes to islam . 
  i read satanism is n't actually about worshipping satan . 
  it 's a tongue-in-cheek , provocative atheism that is about `` enjoying life without religious limitations '' , and the satan name part is just to trigger christians . 
  is that true ? 
  we know , they know , everyone knows . 
  people just pretend that we should n't jump to conclu ... it 's muslims !, 
  again !, 
  as always !, 
  how do you talk to a muslim woman ? 
  is that even allowed for them unless it 's saying `` hello '' to a kaffir ? 
  i know to two muslim girls but one was from azerbaijan so she 's not a muslim at all really ( they 're not observant ) , and the second one was a naive russian convert from christianity , so not really a `` native-born '' muslim , either . 
  if he were on twitter , we could have reported him for hate speech and incitement to @metpoliceuk ... oh wait , he 'd actually report * us * for hate speech and islamophobia . 
  this is true if you go to ghettos and other american versions of no-go zones , which you can avoid . 
  you ca n't avoid terrorist attacks which are becoming a daily occurence in western europe , as are violent robberies and third world immigrant gangs . 
  living in central/eastern europe i second that , i wo n't be going to western europe any time soon . 
  perhaps never , because apparently it 's only getting worse . 
  what needs to happen is that we , the remaining truly european countries unconditionally reject the eu 's attempt to resettle their problems ( muslim migrants ) via immigration quotas onto our territory and provide a safe haven for future western european refugees . 
  rand 2024 ? 
  but tbh rand seems a bit too radical and ideological to many people , trump is more `` in the middle '' than he is . 
   out ` murica 'd !, 
  lmao, 
  london declared independence from the uk after brexit . 
  imagine there 's no countries , and no religion , too !, 
  colored man ? 
  what a politically incorrect bigot !, 
  sarcastically ( but not that much ) , let 's not be classist here - we support everyone including working-class people !, 
  i mean , if it 's a european block-layer and not a cuck , there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  but most of those third world peasants are not in science on the other hand . 
  rise in crime could be attributed to that , but it 's questionable whether decline in science could ... 
  [ obama bin lying ] ( http://shoebat.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/obama-muslim-copy.jpg ), 
  why would she , there 's a big chance she 's not even `` american '' by citizenship . 
   all of these were built into the law to compensate procreation , which takes time , money , energy , and is very much work . 
  finally someone who understands the purpose of why heterosexual couples do get those privileges while homosexuals do n't , instead of going `` but equality !!! '', 
  also i think marriage is a union between a man and a woman by definition , in many countries there is an institution of `` registered partnership '' , which i personally consider a good alternative which does n't pretend there is such as thing as gay `` marriage '' but at the same time allows these couples to seal their relationship more formally . 
   not dissimilar to falling levels of *** education *** in the us . 
  oh , we slipped to twelth now on science ? 
  yeah , somehow i interpreted the second sentence in separation from the first one at first . 
  it makes sense now . 
   so when democratic attorney general xavier becerra just announced state employees may no longer tap tax dollars to travel from california to texas , alabama , south dakota and kentucky, 
  i am no expert in american constitution but how is this possible , to prevent them from going to another part of the country 's territory ? 
  are they sanctioning parts of america ? 
   so you 're atheist ( ... ) your life entirely revolves around rejection of something, 
  but does not believing in god ( s ) necessarily make your life revolve around that disbelief ? 
  guy does look pretty middle eastern though . 
  could pass as turkish or iranian . 
  because we hate muslims more than any of those other groups . 
  interesting . 
  another thing is that the reason why many of the `` anarcho-capitalists '' , very radical libertarians and others are opposed to any kind of government regulation is on the basis that `` people are fallible '' and having less government would make for less opportunity of making wrong decisions . 
  but why would a market composed of fallible people making decisions be `` perfect '' ? 
   and 9/11 was an inside job .
