  and dems forced trump to remove iraq from the list and not give preference to christians ... 
  yes . 
  sharia is a condified version of quran and hadith . 
  yes , sharia * is * islam . 
  some people claim that sharia is an `` extension '' of quran , or was written `` later '' by some people who wanted to `` abuse islam to gain power '' . 
  not true : islam was created with the purpose of being used as a political ideology from the beginning , the religious aspect there is a way of making people loyal to the ideology and not questioning it . 
  as you can see , it worked , it has been working very well for over a millenium now . 
  sharia is not an extension , it 's a codification of quran . 
  is that one particular state saudi arabia ? 
  if anything , the sharia police there does have the right to police non-muslims as well . 
  if you 're on their territory , you have to submit to their laws . 
  they understand state sovereignty very clearly , unlike the west today , unfortunately . 
  take the actual engineers , actual scholars ( not islamic jurisprudence scholars , obviously ) , actual oppressed people : christians , jews , agnostics , atheists . 
  artists . 
  people who would actually benefit the host society , and have no possibility of developing their valuable abilities in their repressive islamic society they happened to be born in . 
  not the rest who merely want to go to the west because it is more stable , safe , developed , prosperous -- and then turn it into places they came from because they , despite all the evidence , believe in the absolute rightness of their religious ideology and want to impose it on others . 
  muslims do believe in multiculturalism . 
  the one in europe . 
  which allows them to replace european society with islamic society . 
  whenever some europeans tell muslims : `` allright , we 're all tolerant but this is too much '' , they cry about `` discrimination '' . 
  they 've mastered the abuse of european tolerance . 
  fortunately not yet democracy and voting systems , there are , as far as i know , little to no islamic parties in europe . 
  they do n't believe in multiculturalism in their home countries . 
  why , after all , if islam is the one true faith for all times ? 
  why let people be `` mistaken '' in their beliefs , if islam is the truth ? 
  it makes perfect sense from their point of view . 
   democracy is like a train ; you get off once you have reached your destination . 
   communism, 
  the year is the current year , 2017 . 
  not 1917 . 
  communism is not a problem , except inside north korea . 
  and even they stopped calling themselves communist , they 're `` juche '' now . 
  islam is the only real problem . 
  `` not enough women in stem ! '', 
  - also feminists, 
   get your mitts off my land and go back to europe, 
  not so fast . 
  how high are your cheekbones ? 
  i hole-hardedly agree , but allow me to play doubles advocate here for a moment . 
  for all intensive purposes i think you are wrong . 
  in an age where false morals are a diamond dozen , true virtues are a blessing in the skies . 
  we often put our false morality on a petal stool like a bunch of pre-madonnas , but you all seem to be taking something very valuable for granite . 
  so i ask of you to mustard up all the strength you can because it is a doggy dog world out there . 
  although there is some merit to what you are saying it seems like you have a huge ship on your shoulder . 
  in your argument you seem to throw everything in but the kids nsync , and even though you are having a feel day with this i am here to bring you back into reality . 
  i have a sick sense when it comes to these types of things . 
  it is almost spooky , because i can not turn a blonde eye to these glaring flaws in your rhetoric . 
  i have zero taller ants when it comes to people spouting out hate in the name of moral righteousness . 
  you just need to remember what comes around is all around , and when supply and command fails you will be the first to go . 
  make my words , when you get down to brass stacks it does n't take rocket appliances to get two birds stoned at once . 
  it 's clear who makes the pants in this relationship , and sometimes you just have to swallow your prize and accept the facts . 
  you might have to come to this conclusion through denial and error but i swear on my mother 's mating name that when you put the petal to the medal you will pass with flying carpets like it 's a peach of cake . 
   perhaps it is why god punished the catholic church with a cuck pope, 
  constantinopole fell in 1453 . 
  francis became pope in 2013 . 
  *** the mills of god grind slowly ***, 
  they even have a `` best trump troll '' prize . 
  kristina wong ( who is one of the blue-checked people ) claims she received it . 
  you 're right lol, 
  not trying to dispute this ( the fact arabs/berbers still have african slaves is known ) but does someone have a translation or a link ? 
  ( but probably there are few arabs on t_d though lol , maybe some arab christians ), 
  edit : nevermind , found below, 
  as soon as blm lets people study in peace and goes to solve real problems . 
  \\ #thisislibrary, 
  deus vult now and you will get constantinopole as a bonus, 
   his description : 1 -- black skin . 
  kek, 
  but seriously , this is horrifying . 
  middle ages in the * current year * . 
  [ relevant : president obama breaks promise to call armenian killings ` genocide ' ] ( http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-obama-armenian-killings-genocide-20160422-story.html ), 
  every year of his term since he became president . 
  he seems pretty unstable tbh . 
  does n't appear like someone with grand strategies , probably just using the circumstances , failing to understand that 's exactly what the `` tolerant '' part of europe believed was a `` rightwing conspiracy and bigotry against refugees '' , and now it shows to actually be true . 
  no ties to russia found = russia can hide ties very well , are they using secret communication channels ? 
  they always help interesting posts gain traction by briefly stickying them . 
  then it 's already in the * rising * after a few minutes , so there 's space for another good post that went unnoticed . 
  trump should n't appease democrats . 
  their aim is to remove his cabinet from office . 
  they did the `` russia ties '' with flynn , then they tried it with sessions , they will go futher . 
  i 'm not american so probably should n't comment on us government like this but he should n't have let flynn go and let himself be blackmailed by the dems . 
  i actually think flynn was better than mcmaster , he had very clear ideas while mcmaster is more of a typical politician though with military credentials . 
  i know , but did n't his `` russia ties '' contribute to the fact he was fired so qucikly ? 
  that the `` lying '' to pence was not forgiven , but instead he was discharged immediately ? 
  i 'm russian and i prefer republicans but that 's just me :(, 
  yeah but mccain is crazy . 
  no one should prefer mccain . 
  not even against obama tbh . 
  he ca n't comment . 
  he ca n't even comment . 
  did they just say media does fake news ? 
   fbi has become a 100 % corrupt organization . 
  upvoted . 
  then read your comment . 
  downvoted . 
  she should run !, 
  who else was in the room ? 
  [ i was alone !!!, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/of87imxfye4?t=22s ), 
  is a rapist, 
  he kinda is !,
