  i have friends ( who are girls ) basically saying exactly the same thing he said about preferences , are they self-bullying and being masochistically self-genocidal and anti-woman ? 
  # [ stop saying woke !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/lcg9ztkqwf0?t=3m11s ), 
  this is the ultimate aim of evolution . 
  this is what all the progress is eventually leading to . 
  it is the absolute pinnacle . 
  gender studies only exist and there only are people majoring in it because companies and universities have gender councils and offices that employ these people . 
  it 's a circular system . 
  the sole source of demand is academia or useless `` diversity offices '' . 
  why would you need any evidence that russians did when it 's absolutely clear that they did even without seeing any servers or anything ? 
  what are you , a conspiracy theorist ? 
  is this a legit apple poster ? 
  if so , i 'm surprised . 
  it 's still deep california , after all . 
  funny , but do n't think the us should start bombing nk right now though . 
  the most likely possibility is that kim is bluffing - would they really attack the us territory knowing that this will certainly be the end of dprk government ? 
  g o o l a g, 
  me too !, 
  we had a business and economics class in high schools and were doing presentations on companies like google , facebook , apple , microsoft and their `` culture '' . 
  it seemed so cool . 
  but the liberal/progressive ideology has inserted itself into everything . 
  even technology is not immune now , and they 're trying to creep into science as well . 
  love trumps hate !, 
  freedom trumps censorship !, 
  \\ #freegoolag, 
  i will still not give up gmail though :( it 's way too good . 
  for a moment after reading the title i thought `` gun grabbing '' meant that they threatened to grab guns and attack political opposition ( non-leftists , that is ) and was horrified . 
  for me , reddit.com has long ago become just the-donald . com, 
  `` women should serve in the military . 
  there should be a mandatory draft . '', 
  military : * drafts her *, 
  `` nooo , not me !, 
  why me ?! '', 
  crafts have not been exclusively a thing for women in history . 
  and it 's hardly `` pioneering '' , humans have been making tools and things since times immemorial . 
  men were making clothes , baking , cooking , working in the field , `` gardening '' ( growing plants ) , tools etc. 
  it 's city that was basically built as an experiment deep in northern russia , it was very active during soviet times but now many people have been leaving , if you go to the outskirts on google it 's basically a lot of boarded up or semi-abandoned buildings that are inhabited by people , just a sad place generally . 
  i 'd like to travel there . 
  democratic people 's republic of korea, 
  used to be . 
  now there are virtually no closed cities in russia except for the ones ... 
  edit : as i was writing this , i decided to check , and you 're right . 
  it 's the last closed city in russia . 
   it 's why i do n't encourage trump supporters to march, 
  trump supporters are literally working , paying taxes and raising families . 
  that 's how they make their point . 
  or drudge etc. ? 
  unless msm is synonymous with `` liberal msm '' , it could be counted as such . 
  that 's why most anti-islam demonstrations where i live ( europe ) take place on weekends . 
  the organizers are working people , just like those attending . 
  the leftist multiculturalist hippies on the other hand ? 
  they 're all `` free artists '' , so no problem organizing any time . 
  he 's an investor , he likely owns stock in hundreds of companies . 
  that does n't necessarily mean they 're politically affiliated with him . 
  is this a real poster , maybe it 's spread by the other side ? 
  no way this is actual antifa . 
  or has their support for bds transpiled into full `` jewish conspiracy '' by now ? 
  they are , for sure , but are they anti-semitic or anti-israel and anti-jews-who-support-israel ? 
  on one side , the `` jews '' represent for them the conservative , right wing idea of `` oppression '' through the state of israel and the fact that conservatives frequently talk about judeo-christican civilization and culture , while at the same time accusing people of anti-semitism is advantageous for them because it 's a reference to the `` nazi '' . 
  police is fascist because it 's law enforcement , fascists were all about `` order and discipline '' , therefore any law , rules , order is inherently fascist and oppressive . 
  that 's how i imagine they arrived at this conclusion . 
  in short , `` acab '' . 
  are they really `` fascist '' ? 
  i am not a / pol/ack defending fascism , i just have a hard time devising what their ideology even is . 
  it 's kind of `` i have a problem with literally everything '' . 
  it 's the football hooliganism of politics . 
  they 're being called nazis , but how many of them are really radical ? 
  they 're removing memory and heritage of people from the public view , and no one really had a problem with the statue for decades , or the confederate flag . 
  it does n't bear the references they are claiming it does . 
  it 's like saying all statues of kings should be removed in europe because it 's a `` propaganda for feudalism '' . 
  he 's correct . 
  alt-right is a label that describes a broad range of beliefs . 
  the common thing among them is that they 're not a part of the `` mainstream '' `` conservatism '' of the republican party , because those so-called conservatives and right-wingers do n't espouse any of the values or do what conservative , patriotic , traditionalist parties should do . 
  many parties are describing themselves in such a way , for example the alternative for germany ( alternative fur deutschland ) party . 
  but only the worst ones are chosen by the media and liberals , creating the idea that solely the fringe uses this label . 
  it 's actually a good way to describe yourself : an alternative to the mainstream right . 
  the alternative right . 
  if everyone donated a dollar , we could send every north korean a, 
  #side of beef, 
  the twitter post was likely a sarcastic reference to that . 
  muslims in europe live in the same situation , with choice and opportunities . 
  most choose to hate our countries and society . 
  some move to the middle east to join actual isis . 
  isis ( and it 's just the most violent manifestation of islam currently , the more subdued , non-organized ones are even more threatening due to the sheer magnitude ) is not composed solely of people from the middle east , and many of those muslims are not even first generation immigrants , but were born in europe , and do n't speak their native languages anymore . 
  the revelant factor in this case is ideology , not religion . 
  nazi crimes were committed due to nazism , not due to the fact many nazis were christians . 
  consider : there is an arab muslim terrorist , a philippino muslim terrorist , and a turkish muslim terrorist . 
  do they follow three different ideologies that lead to terrorism ? 
  no , the decisive factor here is islam , not their ethnicity . 
  now , if the issue were , say , ethnic separatism , then the religion is irrelevant , since it would be separatist terrorism , not religious terrorism . 
   trump voters ( ... ) in a nation they 've never been to . 
  i live in europe , hence i am not a `` trump voter '' and looking at the situation from the other side of the ocean . 
  most trump voters are getting it right , american left is isolated from real world by america being essentially impossible to strike , so they can afford generous , `` virtuous '' claims like `` europeans should take more refugees , it 's the right thing to do '' . 
   ou think we can drop bombs on people and some of those people might not think about returning the favor ? 
  why are they returning the favor to their own people , too ? 
  why are they establishing islamic terrorist regime in iraq , or afghanistan ? 
  they should have been only attacking the west , not terrorizing their own people , following your argument . 
  no one `` dropped bombs '' on saudi arabia , yet it 's still a repressive islamic nation , and people who organized 9/11 were from there . 
  no one attacked nigeria or indonesia , yet there is islamic terrorism . 
  or india .
