  islamic terrorists have attacked my city , how can i remove that mosque three blocks from my house ? 
  i am not happy seeing it !, 
  right . 
  in practice , it means criticism of islam , immigration policy , or any other `` intolerant '' belief or a post on facebook can get you fined , or thrown in jail . 
  i 'd prefer every country here just copying american 1st amendment and putting it as part of the constitution . 
  what constitutes `` hate speech '' is very arbitrary , what constitutes `` no law abridging freedom of the speech or of the press '' is not . 
  how ? 
  islam causes far more suffering and violence for far longer time than fringe neo-nazi groups ever did . 
  they do n't control any governments , have no shrines or massive funding schemes . 
  i live in the eu . 
  the fact you can not say the second quote in your example is precisely the problem . 
  the implication is that it is only fine to criticize , but there is no right to be * opposed * to the actual immigration policy as it is in happening practice . 
  you are obliged to accept the status quo . 
  `` i find islam to be a dangerous religion causing violence '' - accomplishes nothing . 
  `` i think we should stop our refugee program , and only accept christians , jews , religious minorities from islamic nations '' - policy proposal , and this is something that in most countries in the `` old eu '' ( western europe ) is virtually illegal . 
  is it really a hate sub if it is empty , thus contains no hate ? 
   all muslims and slaughter any that remain, 
  i have no desire to say that . 
  but was it not ? 
  i was not sure and looked it up , lists and maps are saying it was . 
  was just about to mention that . 
  new york road rage incident . 
  the bikers then pulled him out of the car , beat him up and tried to do the same with his wife in the backseat , who was holding a baby . 
  pretty terrifying . 
  `` trump wants to court black voters , then limits felon voting rights '' ( or something like that ) -- cnn, 
  the question is who was n't against `` gay marriage '' at the time ? 
  marriage was simply a union between man and woman , without anyone doubting it or proposing alternatives or changing it . 
  like that woman and man are objective terms , not contingent on what one identifies with ... 
  correct , eastern european/russian/former ussr as well , conservative and traditional . 
  this changing of social customs is mostly a liberal western european descended americans , not the immigrants/minorities . 
  rape culture is real, 
  they get statues, 
  they are paid to speak at conferences and corporate events, 
  they are supporting presidential candidates, 
  they get time on the media, 
  milo btfo, 
  rape culture is real, 
  remove bill 's statues now, 
  buchanan is a paleoconservative . 
  in nazism , extreme nationalism , belief in own natural superiority and hate towards `` inferior '' groups has , i 'd say , primary importance , not so much collectivism , but buchanan is definitely no `` neo-nazi '' , that was definitely an extreme exaggeration on trumps ' part . 
  i was surprised when i heard about that trump 's quote for the first time , he said it in a reaction to buchanan once saying that nazi germany was not a direct threat to america and the us should n't have joined ww2 . 
  trump said that it was an `` unacceptable thing to claim '' . 
  i find buchanan pretty great , level headed and common sense . 
  but i imagine he was treated back then like trump was these days by the media and leftist politicians . 
  theamericanconservative.com is one of the best publications on the right imho . 
  politics being solely collectivism vs. individualism is a very libertarian view . 
  patriotism , loyalty to your country , support for traditional family , religion , community etc. 
  could be characterized as collectivistic values - references to collectives ( but not contradictory to individual rights ) , while modern liberalism is on the other hand about extreme individualism ( everything centered around one 's personal identity ) , while at the same time being in support of state programs , against the former ( natural ) collectives . 
  i would n't say there is just one thing politics is about , one dichotomy , there are many . 
   surprised they have n't deleted it, 
  `` well , he used to be against neo-nazis but 15 years is enough time to change your opinions . '', 
  yeah , there are plenty of clans . 
  which clan , mr. president , are you condemning ? 
  is it a gadsden flag t-shirt ? 
  was n't it built in a muslim era in india ? 
  if so , tearing it down would be islamophobic . 
  if english people in the usa had slaves , why should n't have muslims ? 
  is there some kind of slaver-ownership privilege others should n't have ? 
  they 're supposed to be the censors !, 
   amerikkkan, 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
   from commies to nazi 's, 
  but russia is not `` commie '' anymore !, 
  as a russian i find it offensive that you implied we are commies ( not really but russia is actually not communist or marxist lol ) . 
   mongolians, 
  today , i by coincidence found [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tsagaan_khas ) and [ this ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/ross-kemp/ross-kemp-extreme-world_b_11886406.html ) . 
  yes , they could say we are `` colluding '' or `` associating with '' mongolians ... but a specific kind of mongolian, 
   tsagaan khas ( mongolian cyrillic : \u0426\u0430\u0433\u0430\u0430\u043d \u0425\u0430\u0441 ) is a mongolian neo-nazi organization that claims to have 3,000 members ( ... ) its co-founder ( ... ) has described his group 's mission thus : `` adolf hitler was someone we respect . 
  he taught us how to preserve national identity ... we do n't agree with his extremism and starting the second world war . 
  we are against all those killings , but we support his ideology . 
  we support nationalism rather than fascism . '', 
  the group 's members dress in typical nazi garb and make use of the `` sieg heil '' greeting , nazi colors , and the nazi eagle . 
  they have justified their use of nazi imagery by pointing out that the swastika has asian origins . 
  you know where nazis were meeting ? 
  that 's right ... in salons . 
  salon . 
  it 's a dog whistle !!, 
  after this one ? 
  not anymore !, 
  once a heretic , always a heretic !, 
  israel is already full of arabs and muslims from all over the world , including africa , not just surrounding countries , and a lot of terror . 
  the state is not some kind of pure jewish ethnostate . 
  they have the wall , yes - but france , italy , germany or anyone else ( like america ) could have voted for sensible defense and immigration policy like hungary , poland or israel did . 
   the left so desperately wants to believe that he 's everything they think he is . 
  imagining being a leftist for a while , it 's not a difficult thing to believe . 
  some leftist has once said that the `` only reason to be against immigration is hate towards foreigners '' . 
  trump is against mass immigration , illegal immigration and islamic immigration - because it threatens cultural cohesion , security and the economy , but in a liberal mind , any opposition to any immigration can only happen because of `` hate '' . 
  him saying he does n't hate anyone -- for decades ? 
  of course : social pressure has forced him to hide his true opinions !, 
  like when people say : i am against islam , some do n't take it at face value - it 's oh you 're just scared because they 're foreign and not like you , islam is a justification for your bigotry ? 
  or , one step further : why would you be scared of islam , it 's a religion of peace !!, 
  a vast left-wing conspiracy indeed . 
  we the people demand a new narrative , and we demand it now . 
  kek, 
   any reference to culture, 
  but is n't that precisely what we want to preserve ? 
  you 're right though , `` cultural cohesion '' is too unacceptable an argument for them . 
  so they were just assaulting random people due to their appearance ? 
  that 's totally not savage , `` both sides to blame '' !, 
  based !,
