  [ kek ] ( https://hrfun.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/cat7.jpg ), 
  was that really their intention ? 
  from what i read about them it seems like they were those classical `` intellectuals '' playing with nonsense theories , like sartre and others , ... then it got out of hand when critical theory somehow became basically the default ideology in academia and politics in the west . 
  * feminism, 
  i find a tiny bit suspicious that comment got deleted so quickly . 
  i read it on a fairly reliable news site ( not english ) but only found this in english -- agreed , the blog does n't look very reliable , it 's possible they were misled . 
  i 'll try to find the original turkish version , assuming it 's not fake news . 
  and those are usually ahmed mohammed and omar muhammed somewhere as a middle name . 
  it was . 
  i thought the_donald mods were either kidding or it is some kind of a reference to something , until i saw this post . 
  this russian non-american non-jew man is laughing , too !, 
  this ... this is not a good post for, 
  bill clinton is a rapist, 
  ... right ? 
  this russian non-hacker just started laughing . 
  so ... are you saying this guy is not a legitimate nsa agent concerned about the safety of our accounts ? 
  it does n't exist . 
  just made up numbers . 
  checked it though pingdom test . 
  the links are made up . 
  checked through pingdom . 
  it just gives the regular `` page not found '', 
  those 4chan hackers and their secret hacking websites !, 
  he sent a link to something like `` cia.ns.gov '' . 
  it was fake as well for me . 
  still is according to his profile . 
  remember , it 's illegal to click those links . 
  it 's different for the cnn . 
  everything you know about that link , you learn from them . 
  ( this is safe ), 
  lol, 
  he was literally shaking . 
  like literally banned or just not many people own them ? 
  i am not aware . 
  replace `` right wing '' in that article with `` jewish '' and you will get a 1930s propaganda magazine . 
  damn . 
  germans are still nazis , just this time against germans lol . 
   `` the jew has many forms . 
  the definition of what is extreme and what is not is difficult '' , it says , but asserts that all manifestations must be dealt with because jews could spread their views when meeting with other parents in the playground . 
   this is not to say there are n't visual signs which can indicate a child is from a jewish family , however , the researcher points out . 
  prausner warns that , while most people would n't recognise them as such , `` accurate braids and long skirts '' serve as a warning sign that a child has jewish parents . 
   k\u00f6ttig explains that jewish families are not unlike ordinary families in that they teach their own values . 
  the important difference with jewish groups , however , is that these values are `` strongly geared at jewish customs and traditions '' . 
   i do n't know if she ever figured out which way i voted, 
  is n't that actually a good thing for medical professionals , when you 're not really supposed to know and care about how they lean politically ? 
  no shaking hands with nasty people !, 
  and merkel * is * a nasty woman , almost hillary tier . 
  maybe worse -- hillary is n't president but merkel has powers comparable to president in germany . 
  trump does n't shake hands with merkel : sexist !, 
  muslims refuse to shake hands with any women as a matter of principle : culture . 
  i 'm the eu but not western europe . 
  people here think people in countries like germany , sweden , netherlands are crazy bringing in millions of muslims and believeing they will somehow `` culturally enrich '' europe and present `` multiculturalism '' ( an euphemism for incapability of preventing parallel societies and legal systems from arising -- sharia courts ) as a value when essentially it is destruction of european traditions and countries . 
  so not all of europe is lost !, 
  places like poland , slovakia and hungary ( the `` backward intolerant '' ones ) are very based , patriotic and conscious of what is happening . 
  no one treats muslim invasion as a conspiracy there . 
  of course , do n't take the * you * in my comment too literally . 
  it implies the government and the leftists who have `` progressed further '' in western europe . 
  argentina and chile sound nice . 
  australia is pretty big . 
  [ he trolled them . 
  he baited them ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oueeazl9weo ), 
  that student is twisted . 
  that society is twisted . 
  so was merkel . 
  so was the ddr . 
  you think every east german was a radical communist who obediently believed everything the communist party officials were saying was true , and the minds of the people are identical with the state propaganda ? 
  that 's not true . 
  the thing is most religions other than islam do n't need a prayer room . 
  you can pray wherever you want and whenever you want , because you do n't have a 5-prayers-a-day mandatory routine of hitting the floor with your hear . 
  so prayer rooms are basically a concession to islam . 
  wearing a maga hat to the safe space !, 
  the website address is pretty hilarous . 
  why exactly can you not bring a bible to school , what reasons do they give ? 
  i am not very religious but no one had problems with me bringing bible ( or koran -- when i was reading it out of curiosity ) to school in europe . 
  i thought america is far more christian-religious than europe is . 
  the [ city he went to ] ( http://www.airpano.ru/files/yaroslavl_02_big.jpg ) is actually pretty nice , but yeah , he probably did n't go there just for the landmarks and history haha . 
  oh lol , this is priceless . 
  holy roman empire ftw, 
  montenegro is under assault from russia ? 
  ... what ? 
  i actually did like obama in 2008 . 
  would n't be surprised if plenty of people did , too . 
  he really does have an unhealthy obsession with russia . 
  everyone i do n't agree with is a russian shill . 
  oh , forgot about ron paul . 
  i had no idea who he was back then though . 
  let 's not draw conclu -, 
  it 's muslims, 
  i thought they were invading korea ... ? 
  even gary , indiana . 
  you 're right !, 
  is it very dangerous to just be there or is it exaggerated ? 
  from what i read it really appears like detroit and ( parts of ) chicago are no better when it comes to violence than the actual baghdad . 
  the politics sub was removing all posts and comments critical of islam after the orlando terror attacks . 
  we 've referred to them as r/redacted ever since . 
  haha , i was curious how this same post keeps reaching the frontpage so frequently as well . 
  the exchange that never gets old ... 
  professional feminist : there are few women in stem , discrimination !, 
  you : why did you not go to stem to increase the amount of women there ? 
  feminist : reeeeeeeeeeeeeee,
