  i mean , africans do n't have all this stuff , evil europeans and americans and japanese took it from them !!, 
  `` black people do not hold institutional power and are an oppressed class '' -- thus they qualify for all the actual privileges and advantages ( like additional sat points ) no one else has . 
  it 's almost like the more oppressed you are , the more privilege you are afforded which the oppressors do n't have . 
  logic is illegal , invented by greeks , the founders of the oppressive western civilization . 
  we do n't want to offend someone with greek philosophy !, 
  what is the purpose of this rule ? 
  i do n't understand the benefit of it for them . 
  posts are gaining exposure based on upvotes , not how frequently the particular person posts to the sub . 
  remember , sound is a physical phenomenon . 
  so hearing something unpleasant is literally physical violence !, 
  at least there are more women that are `` most feminine '' lol . 
  people are still following him ? 
  i kind of forgot about him when they stopped posting his tweets here lol . 
  i am the best troll on reddit , ama, 
  you 're right but they also did n't like jews because they believed they were behind communism . 
  correct , both d and r were `` condemning '' trump during the election and even telling him to drop out of the race . 
  it 's not pedantic , `` illegal citizen '' is simply an incorrect , non-existent term . 
  heh you 're right . 
  blood does n't spill like that . 
  but still terrible . 
   mayor of london sadiq khan has appealed for calm , saying the city `` will never be intimidated or defeated by terrorism '' . 
  bbc ~ ~ ( btw the blast is n't even in breaking news there , not even top headline . 
  truly part and parcel , regular occurence !, 
  ) ~ ~ okay , it was n't when i posted this , seems like media are n't that fake and my bias towards them is showing lol, 
  or maybe the terrorist was just incompetent . 
  but yeah , somehow burning `` head to toe '' sounds far more scary ( kind of like the acid attacks ) than being obliterated in an explosion immediately :(, 
  my bet is on the english republicans . 
  down with the monarchy !, 
  religion of pieces, 
  look at bbc . 
  the explosion is not even `` breaking news '' or top headline , something about korea is ... 
  edit : oh well , now it is . 
  kek, 
  coulter 's law !, 
  a bag in a bucket exploded in a london subway car . 
  no one killed , but several people injured . 
  by the photos it looks the bomb was n't really powerful , the bucket is intact but the bag is torn to pieces . 
   the ambulance service said one of the injuries was thought to be serious or life-threatening . 
   passengers reported seeing people with burns to their faces and bodies after the fire on a tube train at parsons green station . 
  18 people in hospital, 
  was about to post something like this ( * not that cs people are idiots , that not all people with `` humanities '' are idiots , to clarify * ) . 
  to be fair , there are capable bankers , businessmen , tech entrepreneurs who studied stuff like philosophy in college etc. 
  edit :, 
  i know it 's not a rule , but exceptions , just that it 's not always that people with useless degree achieve nothing . 
  see : thiel , graham , hoffman etc. 
  they ca n't . 
  that would be `` profiling '' . 
  you know what ? 
  i am absolutely in favor of profiling , they do know who their potential terrorists are . 
  and a muslim known to be radicalized is a future terrorist almost by definition , you ca n't pretend this is not true when it is almost an inexorable law by now . 
  radicalized should mean deported . 
  when they 're going to syria or elsewhere , do n't stop them , just let them go there , and while they 're there , terminate their citizenship so they ca n't return . 
  it 's always my favorite . 
  `` they 're terrorists because of poverty '' . 
  where are terrorists from poor countries like laos ? 
  `` they 're poorly socialized . '', 
  where are the gypsy terrorists ? 
  they live in impoverished ghetto villages for most part , no terrorism , pickpocketing at most . 
  `` it 's a lack of education ! '', 
  plenty of people have no education and are not terrorists . 
  on the other hand , plenty of muslims with university education become terrorists . 
  `` he was raised by a single mother ! '', 
  i thought that was progressive ? 
  `` it 's because of discrimination against muslims ! '', 
  jews have been discriminated against , too , like were protestants , other religious/ethnic minorities and groups in different european countries at different times ... where 's the radical lutheran terrorism now ? 
  `` it 's because we are invading their countries ! '', 
  nato bombed serbia and other parts of yugoslavia ... show me a slovenian or serbian terrorist , or a vietnamese in america avenging agent orange etc. 
   your exceptions do n't prove the rule, 
  not disputing this at all , i was just pointing out there are exceptions where people with useless degree achieve something . 
  username checks out . 
  they seriously went for jefferson , terrible . 
  loaded questions . 
  but people making such surveys believe their `` unconscious bias '' theory , so the fact they 're being biased against people , making assumptions , does n't even come to them . 
  we decide what is wrong and what is good , as per point `` my culture informs my judgment '' . 
  within a culture , there are norms , and we , members of a particular culture , decide what those norms are . 
  and we can not pretend that the only `` norm '' is tolerating everything , including things `` our culture informs us '' to see as a barbaric and inappropriate . 
   do you know what else has potential sentience ? 
  being a fetus, 
  damn . 
  i love this . 
  i personally am not pro-life on a religious basis , so i personally allow for exceptions from my rule ( perhaps arbitrary exceptions ) . 
  if it threatens the mother 's life , then the child may be aborted . 
  if the child is severely damaged , it should be aborted , that 's not a good life it is looking forward to . 
  result of rape , technically the child is not at fault , nor is the woman , but i 'd say that in this situation abortion is fine . 
  it 's a result of an immoral , violent act , how will the woman look at it ? 
  severe poverty is no excuse , since that 's a temporary status . 
  perhaps if it 's a severe poverty of third-world type , like having children during a virtually permanent famine , that 's wrong , but if it 's a child in europe or other developed area of the world , where we have welfare , free education , free healthcare , all kinds of state and non-state support , then i see no reason for abortion . 
  bee double o bee es ? 
  that 's why they have so many . 
  `` the refugees who are coming now did n't do anything , it 's the muslims who have been here for 10 , 15 , 20 years ! '', 
  even if one is a multicultural activist liberal , how can anyone think this a * good * argument for rapefugees ... 
  but at least they 're not muslims . 
  `` good times create weak men . '', 
  as the times will be getting worse , we will be getting more `` radicalized '' , `` xenophobic '' and `` far-right '' , to use leftist jargon ( read : moving back to what a normal , healthy society should look like . ), 
  you should get a nobel peace prize . 
  you just invented a plan of how we can avoid having to do the new crusades !, 
  yeah it 's america ( ns ) first , see how heartless and xenophobic trump supporters are !, 
  muslim population is exploding all over the world . 
   who is a good actress in your opinion ? 
  is this a rhetorical question ?
