sure , but the young turks , who were in power at the time of the genocide , are seen as the founders of the republic . 
  actually , this question is trending on askhistorians right now . 
  they can offer a much more in depth explanation : https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/4g8blc/the_armenian_genocide_why_is_the_current/ what 's ironic , is every time the turkish government makes a fuss about not calling it what it is , people all over the world stop and try to make sense of the issue , thus learning more about the genocide . 
  if they would just accept the past , people would move on . 
  somehow never heard any of this , but i do believe you . 
  forgive my ignorance then . 
  it could be that i grew up on the west coast , where i do not believe a lot of poles migrated to . 
  i 'm from the states and am totally unfamiliar with the stereotype of poles being stupid . 
  we may stereotype them as cold people and victims of history , but i have never heard anything about them being stupid . 
  the hardworking clich\u00e9 , however , has n't reached us yet . 
  all i can say is , do n't underestimate her popularity . 
  my theory is that a lot of these extreme right populists do n't show up until a tipping point is reached , voting without showing up in the polls . 
  do n't depend on logic to predict these people . 
  i remember thinking clinton would win by a landslide . 
  if more people in the uk and the us took this threat seriously , this madness never would have happened . 
  and if france or italy or austria fall , i just do n't know what to expect . 
  can anyone shed light on who conducted this survey and their methodology ? 
  this debate . 
  over and over on reddit and none of these guys will just google the word socialism to find that your definition is in fact the one used by political scientists and economists . 
  i am lubing my asshole right now for the approaching downvotes . 
  ya i 've never once met an american leftist who thinks like that and i have lived in the most liberal areas of the country . 
  i imagine they are even rarer now that trump has associated himself with putin . 
  i have , however , met leftist in eastern germany who buy into russian propaganda . 
  it 's really a strange dynamic shift that makes you wonder if the deep ends of political ideology end in a circle . 
  not in an organized sense , but after a few beers they do n't always discriminate foreigners by skin color . 
  a couple foreign white friends of mine did get their ass kicked for speaking english on the train . 
  i got kicked and threatened by a massive fucking neonazi for speaking french in a bar . 
  this is in east germany by the way . 
  personally , not necessarily at a societal level , i am more anxious about right wing terrorists than islamists in east germany . 
  that 's probably why he said in germany and not in france . 
  he 's speaking dialect . 
  been living in germany for a year and there are still whole regions where i feel like i started learning just last month when i pass through . 
  god i really hope . 
  i absolutely adore basketball and think it has a lot of potential to pick up in europe . 
  especially with all the great players coming out of europe in recent years . 
  but the amount of time you have to spend watching commercial to watch an american game , i just ca n't do it . 
  okay , excuse me . 
  i genuinely misinterpreted the question then . 
  but actually i would currently feel absolutely feel safe living 100 miles from fukushima . 
  to give a more exact answer , i would need to do more research . 
  but i would indeed feel uneasy living within 20 kilometers of the site , which is where the japanese government is saying will be safe by 2017 . 
  here is some information that informs my willingness to live with 100 miles of fukushima . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/22/science/when-radiation-isnt-the-real-risk.html http://www.economist.com/news/asia/21676828-lack-trust-authorities-hindering-resettlement-near-fukushima-back-nuclear-zone http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2016/03/five-years-after-meltdown-it-safe-live-near-fukushima i am not trying to dismiss the risks of nuclear energy . 
  they are real , but they are also massively exagerated and unfairly compared to other risks , particularly that of allowing a massive increase in coal burning . 
  of course i hope germany succeeds in moving away from coal , and the amount of coal use is finally decreasing in germany , so i believe it 's possible . 
  however , politics and popular opinion can rapidly change given a change of circumstances . 
  in anycase , i believe the risks to nuclear energy are much lower than they are believed by many to be in germany , and i believe this is due to availabily heuristics . 
  well we are talking about german energy policy here , are n't we ? 
  otherwise , for fukushima/japan i would want to do more research before i make up my mind . 
  still , i would pick an equally risky nuclear plant in japan over a coal plant any day . 
  a reactor of an equivalent design of fukushima in germany outside of an earthquake zone ( most of germany ) ? 
  sure . 
  and much more so than near a coal plant . 
  literally no one died because of fukushima and radiation researchers are not sure if a single person will ever die of cancer due to fukushima . 
  and something like chernobyl was a failure on soo many levels that would not be possible in a country as institutionally developed as germany . 
  so that 's one city in the united states . 
  and sleeping in a shelter still counts as homeless , whereas sleeping in a shelter is comparatively much less common in germany , among other european countries for example . 
  instead they have better housing assistance , as mentioned for example in the quote you provided . 
  and if i now understand correctly , you are not talking about homelessness but about people sleeping on the street ? 
  and in any case , there are less in western europe . 
  i do n't know why i am arguing about this . 
  look man , i am not trying to say it is armageddon in america . 
  i am of the impression that you are just being argumentative/defensive at this point . 
  it is no secret that there is a greater social safety net in most other developed countries than in the u.s. , as a result , there are less homeless people in other developed countries . 
  any research that looks at this specific question will say so . 
  i can not say for nyc specifically ( although i do remember seeing people sleeping on the street when i was last there , it seemed comparatively less than most west coast cities ) . 
  regardless , i have seen remarkably few people sleeping on the streets in france and germany . 
  maybe only noticed it a few times , whereas in any west coast city it 's a daily sighting . 
   you are aware that many homeless people are addicts or mentally ill correct ? 
  obviously . 
  so is your point that europe just does not have mentally ill people ? 
  i understand that there are resources available for homeless americans . 
  but in many parts of the country , these resources are severely lacking compared to other western countries and often have strict policies in regards to drugs , alcoholism and even religion in terms of admittance . 
  of course there is a degree of choice in regards to homelessness , but you have not provided any explanation as to why we see that choice is being made much more often in the united states . 
   which ones ? 
  germany , with a lifetime homelessness rate of 2.4 % compared to the u.s. 's 6.2 percent ( see source 1 ) . 
  and france , for which i was not able to find comparable figures . 
   which is that ? 
  i personally do not feel comfortable giving the name of the city i grew up in . 
  it is small enough and my current location is strange enough that it would not be hard to find me on the internet . 
  that said , it 's on the west coast . 
  here are some sources on homeless figures : source1 [ https://www.researchgate.net/publication/227691245_homelessness_in_europe_and_the_united_states_a_comparison_of_prevalence_and_public_opinion] source2 [ http://list25.com/25-cities-extremely-high-homeless-populations/2/], 
   the same in the us and all over the west . 
  most people you see on the streets refuse to go to shelters or hospitals . 
  what are you basing this off of ? 
  and hospitals ? 
  what ? 
  please explain to me why the two european countries i 've lived in have hardly any people who `` refuse to go to shelters . '', 
  and why , by comparison , over a whole percent of the population of the well-off small city i grew up in is homeless . 
  my experiences in denmark made it clear that they speak excellent english, 
  but only barely ahead of portugal and like a fraction as wealthy as italy ?!, 
  seems like a poor measure of economic prosperity, 
  that 's kind if my point and makes me wonder how valuable ` wealth ' is as a measure of economic prosperity or standards of living, 
  yep nevet met these high skilled danes fleeing government claws when i lived in france , the u.s. or in germany, 
  damn til the us is poor af honestly though i am suspicious of the us and canada 's placement on this graph . 
  i mean the median income in the two countries is higher than most european countries and our debt is n't radically higher than in france also , how does italy have over twice as much as denmark and sweden ? 
  this can also feel pretty offensive if they have terrible english, 
  fuck i wish i could get away with this, 
  do you have a problem with what we are saying or with our flags ? 
  if it 's simply our flags/origins , you are a deeply confused person .
