i 'm not latvian but some time ago i found [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8q_kvldr9c ) it 's not something you would usually listen to but holy shit this is powerful ( 15 000 people singing ) . 
  thats what i wanted to say . 
  before the partitions poland was a bastion of cultural freedom that even us never was . 
  god i wish americans would invade us , that would be 100 times better then out current government . 
  especially pm . 
  for some weird reason i do n't fear that americans would bomb anyone ( me ? ), 
  with them . 
  on the other hand ... 
   sorry , we are not having any war soon so you can still be actor if you want . 
  people said same thing about ukraine . 
  i 'm not saying we will have war for sure , but what im sure of is that , that neither of us knows what can/will happen at all . 
  we ca n't be 100 % sure on neither side . 
   honest moon landing was a dick waving competition as well . 
  i 'm 100 % gay for dick waving that involve crazy amazing stuff , but 100 % not if that involves killing people . 
  especially with nuclear warheads . 
   also , it 's not like world is not doing anything . 
  look up esa rosetta mission . 
  in the mid november we should see a probe land on asteroid . 
  sure , mars sounds cooler ( we should be there by 2040 for sure ) but asteroid mining is the future as for now . 
  of course . 
  but now imagine what would happen if all that military spending would go into science . 
  would be crazy awesome , and nobody would get killed in the meanwhile . 
  i may enjoy military oriented topics , but at the end i wish we could just focus on getting stuff done as a humanity , not `` for the glory of [ insert nation ] '' people went from groups of people , to tribes , to cities , to countries and now unions . 
  i wish we could take it to the last step . 
  but fuck no , it 's so much more fun to kill each other . 
  way to go . 
  i want to became an actor in the future . 
  not going to happen , because somebody wants to show everyone how big their dick is . 
  great fucking job , why do cool stuff , like space exploration ( nobody wants it anyway ) , when we can just kill each other . 
  it 's so much fun to be dead . 
  yeah ... the first thing i want to do , as i will move to any english speaking country , will be getting rid of my accent . 
  sooo just like in former eastern block countries . 
  i 'd say a lot more than a double . 
  and why would you pick poland over switzerland ? 
  sounds crazy to me . 
  to be fair standard of living is going up in every other eu country because they are still years after germany . 
  my own country is a good example . 
  it 's nice we 're one of the quickest growing countries , but really shitty that our salaries are still 3-4 times lower than yours . 
  unluckily that second part is more importmant to the standard of living . 
  have you seen anything like that done by us soldiers ? 
  yeah , me neither . 
  we already did u know ? 
  depends on the city . 
  lodz ( 3rd larest city in poland ) is basically buildt over a huge system of underground lakes and rivers , tap water is crystal-clear and tastes really good . 
  may i ask why ? 
  just curious . 
  that 's aragorn !, 
  oh , thanks , i did n't know about that . 
  why tommorow ? 
   i think poles are the only ones that assume there 's some implication of polish responsibility whenever the phrase `` polish death camps '' is uttered . 
  everyone else realizes the speaker is talking about nazi camps on polish soil . 
  it is not now . 
  but in 10 or 100 years ? 
  maybe they will , maybe they wo n't and this is the point . 
  maybe that 's because of the language ? 
  danish may be a bit hard if you want to work as an it specialist . 
  construction workers do n't need much of that . 
  most people move to the uk or germany because these are the two most popular foreign languages here . 
  and basically only that , for everything else ( everything what is imported ) prices are the same . 
  and those `` luxury '' items are a necessity today in western civilisation like smartphones , computers , cars . 
  for two weeks of working minimum wage job in the uk i can easily buy a top-tier smartphone which will serve me for a long time , but in poland ? 
  more like 2 months , maybe longer . 
  i 'm not counting living costs , because comparing to the salary they are fairly similiar ( % ) . 
  at lest when were talking about rent , because hell i was surprised how much food i could buy for 13 pounds ( 2 h of work ) . 
  not so funny in poland . 
  old i guess . 
   possiblity is about equal . 
  really want me to do the math , or you are just out of arguments ? 
   just saying your feelz are irrational and counterproductive , do with it what you want . 
  brings absolutely nothing to the discussion . 
   you do n't know a lot about europe do you ? 
  actually quite a lot . 
  especially history , which includes russia 's past actions influence on today 's europe . 
  but still makes people in bordering countries nervous . 
  imagine if russia stormed poland which would not be a part of nato ( just theoretically ) . 
  would n't you feel even a bit nervous , because of what is going on over there ? 
   well there 's a possibility a meteor can fall on your head too , yet i do n't see a lot people walking around with a titanium umbrella or something similar to protect them . 
  because we ca n't do shit against meteors , mate . 
  also the possibility of meteor hitting a city is `` slighty '' smaller . 
  shitty compairsion . 
   there 's already nato military there , and the likely response to an additional 40.000 troops is that russia will just send additional troops/material too . 
   your relative security only decreases through this move . 
   putin is not a mad men , he does n't want war with europe just as europe does n't want war with him . 
  he 's just reasserting his presence after having tried to reconcile with europe for the past 2 decades , his friendly approach did n't work with europe , now he 's trying a more hard lined approach . 
  you have to be kidding me . 
  i will feel a lot more safe with nato military in poland and so will a huge percentage of population . 
  your `` relative security '' argument is bullshit . 
  also nobody believed that they will attack ukraine and look what happened . 
  people in the bordering countries are getting nervous because nobody expected that shit in europe , but here we are . 
  you would n't feel a bit nervous at all if whole eastern europe went full retard and attacked germany , i 'm sure . 
  also what you mean by `` trying to reconsile with europe '' is actually `` trying to reconsile with ** western ** europe '' . 
  but it must feel good to have never deal with russia ever in your safe and cozy western country , surrounded by germany , france and uk . 
  also i do n't give a damn about putin . 
  i want to feel safe in my country . 
  nato army will make me feel safer , end of discussion . 
  will russia attack one of the baltic states or poland ? 
  do n't think so . 
  are there people in those countries who are scared of the possibility anyway ? 
  yes .
