hmh . 
  we trusted you as our baltic brothers and this is how you repay us . 
  damn , thundercock sounds like a metal band name ... y' know , like thundertale ... ( thundertail ) xd, 
  well , yeah , i guess i was referring to the migrants that are coming from not-quite-so-skilled backgrounds , such as economic migrants from the middle east for example . 
  if they are , in fact , people who are bringing something to the country , then awesome . 
  but considering high numbers of migrants , they usually are not the sort that are a positive `` contribution '' to society , if you see what i mean . 
  well , but does it really count if it 's due to migration ? 
  also , migration from where ? 
  returning eesti or external ? 
  in the latter case , that 's not really good news ... however , if not , then good on you , estonia , 
  god , so beautiful, 
  like that time he said he would not help the baltics if russia invaded . . 
  actually hillary did, 
  true , i mean , if this event will result in any positive repercussion it will be the unification of european countries , in an attempt to counter this ... 
  i mean , to anyone who gives the slightest fuck about any scientific progress , climate change , education , he is cancer . 
  to anyone who gives the slightest fuck about economic devlopment , maintaining positive international relations with the rest of the world , avoiding conflict , he is cancer . 
  he is an insult to the intelligence of the people . 
  and worse still , the entire world is going to experience the effects of his lunacy . 
  and to think that the majority of the american population voted for him ... 
  now please contrast this with a map that shows how well the countries learn foreign languages . 
  and i think we may be on to something . 
   a single person with a manly voice . 
  he did also the female parts , which was hilarious . 
  on lithuanian tv that was also the case , with soap operas . 
  either a man who did both male and female voices changing pitch slightly , or a woman who did male voices `` lower '' . 
  i always used to laugh when i heard it . 
  sounded absolutely ridiculous . 
  yeah , i remember watching that as a kid . 
  shitty propaganda , but the show was funny , i must admit . 
  seems legit . 
  `` are you questioning my gayness ? '', 
  well i saw * raw * prewarsaw, 
  great success !, 
  how are we like spain ? 
  literally . 
  well yeah , but ... still :d, 
  that 's also true . 
  we 're the biggest of the baltics , both in area and population . 
  what injustice this is !, 
  yep !, 
  it extended from where it is now all the way to the black sea . 
  we were powerful , and then people decided they wanted to invade , and so they did , and that 's why to this day we hate all the countries that surround us ( except latvia , who are like , our bros ) . 
  this summer putin came over to give a speech and threaten them with moving armed forces to the border if they tried to join nato . 
  so , yeah ... 
  haha , i thought you were gon na say something about the migrants ... 
  i was wrong :d, 
  well , we 've gone from being `` so suicidal '' to being `` so small '' . 
  it was more baltic before ;d, 
  oh you finns and your weird ways to name countries ... and even weirder ways to ( sur ) name people ... 
  damn , lithuania 's gone from being `` so suicidal '' to `` so small '' and yet i somehow feel like that 's a downgrade ... 
  i really want to comment but i just can not . 
  what the shit :d, 
  i read `` requirement '' . 
  i laughed . 
  i 'll show myself out now . 
  too accurate . 
  shit 's gon na fall apart now . 
  well , it 's the entire world sort of ... 
  shots fired . 
  this makes me so angry . 
  why is the government intervening in video games now ? 
  what the fuck is this ? 
   feelz got hurt . 
  send halp . 
  no , fuck you . 
  deal with it . 
  no one has ever been hurt by the way women are portrayed , only now we have all these fucking feminists who do n't know what other problems to look for . 
  and it 's not like the target demographic for the majority of games is women anyway , and those that do play , 99 % of the time are totally okay with the representation of women . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  you 're a wonderful person for doing that , 
  dude 's finnish . 
  that will last him alone a week . 
  perrrkele !, 
   a week kek . 
  because that was very necessary ;d, 
  in estonia , dogs can buy vodka . 
  in the usa , legal adults can not . 
  and this is why europe wins . 
  you must be fun at parties ... 
  maybe the dog is of lithuanian origin ;d, 
  almost the same thing tbh ... 
  i 'm finding it relatively easy to learn too :d, 
  he 's finnish , what did you expect ? 
  ok , one second . . 
  ah but here 's the catch : since they ca n't handle it , they are more likely to just get really wasted ( or even just pass out ) rather than stay tipsy and enjoy themselves , and there is a 90 % chance of regret regarding what comes after . 
  besides , low tolerance on their part does n't mean the rest are also drunk , so this usually occurs while everyone else is still sober , making them have to take care of them . 
  so unless their point is to make everyone hate them , they are not benefitting from this at all . 
  source : despite drinking ~ 5 times more than everyone else , i 'm usually the only relatively sober person left who must then take care of all the other weaklings ... 
  noted . 
  but what 's the point of drinking if you ca n't handle the taste or the quantity ? 
  like , might as well drink fanta alone in the case ... idk . 
  it 's more the context . 
  the usage of a particular word gets attributed to a specific situation due to common use to indicate some specific action ... 
  twl we are all finnish . 
  well , not really . 
  some languages can be spoken very textbook without it being perceived as odd . 
  starting english , ending lithuanian , of those i speak , it 's perfectly fine to sound like a news anchor in common speech ... 
  do you mean the first hour of my every drinking session ever ? 
  because i do n't see how that 's surprising :d, 
  how to discover your roots 101,
