yes , it is . 
  gross . 
  except that ` net contribution ' does n't account for the depression of native employment and their burden on the state , and the effect it has on wages for the natives . 
  this is what cameron does , when he realises he ca n't make good on his commitments while in the eu , he back-peddles like fuck and exclaims how everything is actually rosy , when he 's really just manipulating statistics supported with a deceptive use of vague language . 
  toothless monarchs , though . 
  all of above have virtually no political power at all . 
  their functions are mostly ceremonial . 
  i 'd much rather have well informed and well-rounded americans than just another ` murica circle jerker . 
  i pay attention to us politics and news and comment on / r/politics from time to time for the same reason . 
  when has the bbc ever been critical of the british government ? 
  when has fox news ever been critical of the republican party ? 
  hell , when has the western media in general ever been critical of the west in general ? 
  singling out rt just because it does n't harsh on putin 's government is a double standard that no news agency lives up to . 
  the fact that rt had a russian bias does n't discount the fact that * every * news agency has a bias or two . 
  nor was rt 's russian bias a problem , in fact that was a desirable trait , right up until it got converted into a war propaganda department , that is . 
  it 's impossible for any news agency to be free from any bias , hence why i * used to * watch them , since their natural bias was towards russia , it helped me evaluate other perspectives and avoid me getting stuck in a pro-ireland/eu/western circlejerk where the aforementioned can do no wrong and yaddy yadda . 
  but all that is gone now , obviously . 
  yeah , rt was totally hijacked right from the start of this mess . 
  before i used to watch some of their stuff as a counter-balance to western bias . 
  but i have zero interest in pure and unadulterated propaganda campaigns . 
  it 's a commonly used idiom used throughout the anglosphere , to mean a lack of discussion about something important , or in a democratic context , it describes a lack of referendum . 
   therefore we were `` talked to '' . 
  til that receiving letters from foreign authorities = democratic decision making . 
   you -  `` nobody talked to us about it '' - completely , utterly factually wrong . 
  were you raised in china or something ? 
  that 's not what `` nobody talked to us about it '' means . 
  so i 'm wrong because a secret letter that you do n't know what says , says something ? 
  ok then . 
  well even * if * the ecb threw its toys out of its pram , it 'd be all the more reason to tell them to go fuck off . 
  it is n't worth what we got in exchange for being good little obedient europeans , because we just got shafted anyway . 
  and yet their per capita gdp is higher than ours , unemployment is going down , and their banks got their shit together , despite it being a hyper-neo-liberal clusterfuck back in 2007 . 
  oh , and there was more than one that went to prison : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008%e2%80%9311_icelandic_financial_crisis#judgments, 
  we can still support a low corporate rate , * if * they actually start doing something for joe public for a change . 
  if the domestic economy is dead then the people ca n't make money , ca n't pay taxes , and we 'll be stuck in a perpetual recession/bailout/bond sale loop , accumulating more interest burdens along the way . 
  of course it 'd help if they were n't squandering taxpayer money hand over fist on themselves , the almighty bureaucracy , consultants , and cronyism . 
  compared to how badly we 're getting fucked now ? 
  iceland 's politicians had a backbone in dealing with the banking farce and they recovered * very * fast . 
  we 're still fucked 7 years later . 
  being a yes man does n't pay . 
  right , and while the government was slinging billions at bondholders , they were holding our water network together with spit and twine , instead of doing network maintenance with the taxes we pay them to do just that . 
  that 's called misappropriation , or theft , whichever . 
  no it is n't . 
  it literally falls out of the sky , a lot , and pools in huge lakes , of which there is many . 
  nature literally does all the hard work for us . 
  all we have to do is make sure it is n't contaminated and pump it through pipes , which are already in place . 
  all of that is already paid for . 
  it 's not unfair in the slightest . 
  the fact that the political class has been misappropriating taxes that were intended to maintain the water infrastructure does n't change the fact that we were paying for it already . 
  and there 's still no guarantee that they 'll do any repairs of the kind with the charges in full swing , and not just see them dumping more loot onto bond holder 's laps . 
  you say that like it 's a bad thing ... 
  taxes paid for them , for which , there is many . 
  low * corporate * taxed , but hardly low on citizenry taxes , for whom this change actually affects . 
  what 's bad form is double charging people for shit who 're already struggling . 
  this nonsense is why the economy is in the shambles it 's in . 
   fresh water is an very scarce resource , in many places water is `` fossil water '' being drained from aquifers , most others are at least beginning to reach the limits of what can be supplied by rivers . 
  this problem is going to become a very serious problem in less than two decades , much sooner than energy does . 
  uhh ... 
  if ireland starts running low on water , it 's because the sun is swelling up into a red giant and boiled away the oceans . 
  i do n't see how this is relevant to the protest . 
  they did n't * have * to do anything of the kind , and nobody talked to us about it . . we could have just told the bond holders that their gamble did n't pay off as we should have . 
  but no , instead we get bend over paddy and spread your cheeks . 
  what swimming pools ? 
  this is ireland . 
  the only swimming pools you 'll find here are in leisure centres , hotels , and holes in the ground . 
  and the service was already being paid for in local taxes . 
  council taxes also used to pay for rubbish disposal , and even that got privatised without any proportional tax burden reduction . 
  no wonder the economy is in such a fucking mess . 
  exactly . 
  they 'd have their work cut out for themselves finding young men who have n't played games . 
  i laughed at that far longer than i should have . 
  i did n't hear anything about its cancellation . 
  except ireland 's capacity goes straight to britain . 
  david camoron happened . 
  that 's like saying the government does n't ban drugs , pharmacologists do in order to not get narcotics charges levied against them . 
  the fact that gema has exclusive government-granted powers of extorting unreasonable license fees ( i.e. 
  bloating the cost of the clip well beyond what google would get out of video ads , if any is displayed ) out of content delivery networks means they do in effect , block content for german consumers . 
  * literally * hitler . 
  still fightin ' words . 
   no outside force should be able to dictate sovereign policies . 
  careful , these are fightin ' words in / r/europe . 
  which is far better for him than holding daily meetings on how to kill him . 
  china does n't have a reputation for raining death from above on specific individuals . 
  start with picture one , press the right key , and press the right key again . 
  we do n't need to live in a utopia . 
  we only need our consent to be obtained . 
  representative democracy was invented because was impossible to obtain direct consent from the governed anything bigger than a city state . 
  the communications technology of the day was a boy on a pony . 
  and besides , it was far easier for nobles to retain control of the country and expand their wealth and power . 
  those logistical barriers no longer exist , and the nobility has been replaced with the career politician , who still care for nothing but their own lot . 
  switzerland has a direct democracy , and i do n't see them coming up with impractical and unrealistic solutions that do n't benefit the public good . 
  because for some odd reason , the public tends to vote in the public 's interest . 
  empty and baseless authoritarian rhetoric is the mantra of a tyrant . 
   that 's because the public are fucking morons . 
  they 're wrong on almost everything . 
  congratulations on completely missing the point of democracy . 
  my only beef with him is that he only flip-flopped long after the public turned their back on him . 
  nobody believes that he believes what he 's saying . 
  which is a really bizarre attitude . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , the more gay guys there are , the less competition there is for me . 
  i know some people have lesbian-sex-come-threesome fantasies , but reality does n't work like that , so if anything , it should be down with lesbianism !,
