  i 'd seriously question those results . 
  there 's no way in hell britain has a higher recycling rate than ireland . 
  to call their recycling policy half-assed would be a massive understatement . 
  we need complete monetary reform . 
  the entire system is broken from the ground up . 
   i do n't even mind paying them good money as they will do their best to do a good and honest job according to their obligation . 
  bahahahaha ... 
  the problem is you guys legalised just about everything so kinky is n't kinky anymore . 
  til ~ 40 % of europeans lie about watching porn . 
  that does n't mean it costs less , merely that the warehouse guys had an extra form to quickly scribble on . 
  maastricht also came with a huge gigantic tax burden . 
  so in fact , it cost * a lot * more . 
  neither practically nor hypothetically . 
  if the budget is $ 973 billion before a law is passed , and the budget is $ 973 billion after a law is passed , then exactly nothing has changed for the tax payer , their burden is still exactly the same . 
  little fringe ` savings ' while on holiday will simply come out of their higher phone call tariffs/out of package data charges on their next contract ( or more likely , next month on their current ` we reserve the right to change the terms of agreement at any time ' contract ) . 
  they price fixed network operator roaming fees to force them to charge less . 
  that 's not the same thing as reducing the tax payer burden . 
  just as well . 
  the last thing we needed was an all-encompassing hre . 
  still do n't . 
  oh no , a country throwing a spanner into the works of an antidemocratic institution , how terrible . 
  when has anything the eu done actually cut costs ? 
  and when has the eu ever had a public mandate for * any * of this ? 
  wherever you want . 
  there 's a metric fucktonne of places you can stash cash . 
  people have been doing it as long as there 's been money , i.e. 
  all of recorded history . 
  we 've come up with one or two ideas for storing it in that time . 
   then the dominoes are likely to fall as the money supply of the economy grinds to a halt . 
  we all have stakes in this game now . 
  agreed . 
  but that does n't mean more of the same is the order of the day . 
  we should be making every effort to untangle ourselves from this manipulative mess and establish a sane banking system to transition into . 
  a shareholder is anyone who buys public or private stock in the bank , which makes them part owners , this gives them a vote in decisions like board membership elections , or board decisions deferred to the shareholders , or whatever the corporate governance of the company is . 
  savings depositors are also an investor , after a fashion , but they 're not owners/shareholders , they have no direct say over company policy bar picking which bank to put their money into . 
  and with current interest rates , it 'd be hard to argue that depositors are getting any return for an ` investor ' label to stick . 
  white collar fraud victim , might be a better one . 
  because that 's the risk which comes with putting your money into a fiat banking system . 
  it 's the exact same risk non-wealthy savers already face . 
  if you do n't want to risk your money , do n't put your money into a fiat bank . 
  the real question is , why should the majority tax payers pay gigantic sums of money for the fuckups made by a tiny elite , so another set of tiny elites do n't lose with their risky bets ? 
  treaties and laws are not the same thing . 
  a treaty is an agreement between states , typically signed by the executive . 
  a law is a set of rules agreed upon by the legislature , enforced by law enforcement , and decided upon by a judiciary . 
  completely different entities . 
  you ca n't make laws with treaties because that 'd be anti-democratic , and the treaty would be null and void . 
  only congress/parliament has the power to pass laws . 
  and no , you do n't have to get permission from the un to declare war . 
  trying to get popular un support is useful from an international diplomacy standpoint , and thus an occasionally used convention to get the un to press a country to be compliant , but it 's certainly not required . 
  for the us , they are , however , required to get a declaration of war from their congress , which they 've failed to do since what ? 
  wwii ? 
  so yeah , every war after hitler was pretty much unconstitutional , and therefore illegal , even the un sanctioned ones . 
   foreign policy is decided in the ~ ~ pentagon ~ ~ federal reserve . 
  fixed . 
  the pentagon offers plans and executes them , but ultimately the decisions are made by the men with the money who 've long since bought out the government . 
  the un is n't a legislative authority . 
  at best they help negotiate treaties between countries which voluntarily sign into . 
  enforcement of the treaties is a matter of general agreement amongst the countries , who 'd collectively be disinclined to agree that water is wet . 
  that 's why it 's best to avoid words like ' ( il ) legal ' , ` law ' etc in reference to the un , because it is n't law . 
   it showed the us government up as having absolutely no clue how the uk and devolution of powers and governments worked in the uk . 
  us congressmen clueless about other countries ? 
  surely you jest . 
  most of them do n't have any clue about how their own country works ffs . 
   the european government is very weak . 
  for now . 
  that 's been changing in a mighty hurry since the recession . 
  iraqis starved while saddam was plumbing his palaces with gold . 
  it was his malinvestment which starved the iraqi people . 
  which should have been added incentive to start a popular revolt , but his torturous butchers did a great job of rooting out the discontents likely to start anything of the kind . 
  saddam had to go if the iraqi people were to have any future . 
  how bush went about it , however , was completely inexcusable . 
  sans the belligerence . 
  but extreme nationalism , yes . 
  no , xbox live is * a * content delivery platform . 
  ye olde discs ( what 's at issue here ) are another content delivery platform . 
  the console is the runtime environment for either . 
  and being in an ` unapproved eu region ' does n't entitle microsoft to bar access to your legitimately purchased licenses . 
  their right of refusal ends with an agreed purchase . 
  there 's little practical element because there 's little practical use for it . 
  the mandatory imposition of irish is little more than pointless jingoism . 
  the runtime environment ( the xbone ) is a product , not a service . 
  it 's an article which was manufactured for sale , specifying particular features to consumers . 
  one of those features , among other things , is playing games . 
  and those features must remain constant pan-european . 
  onlive is a service , it is n't sold to you , you lease play time with a subscription from them . 
  it is n't a service . 
  it 's a product . 
  and the product must work eu-wide . 
  if your phone stops working just because you visit another country the phone is defective according to eu regs . 
  distribution has nothing to do with it , it should be usable no matter where you go in the eu . 
  if it does n't work just because you 're visiting another eu country then it 's defective for the european market . 
  nothing to do with me , it 's a matter of law , and first sale doctrine applies . 
  the ecj even explicitly ruled on software licenses and right to resale even for downloaded ip . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  products sold in the eu have to be sold and usable eu-wide , even software licenses . 
  otherwise they 're not fit for purpose . 
  they 'll be fined , not just for that , but their anti-second hand market policies as well . 
  lagging ? 
  they ca n't wait to get back to the good old days . 
  do we really want the french in any alliance ?
