  when you have a situation where the military forces of one country is fighting ` mercenaries ' of another country , not quite civil war . 
  military drills are for when a potential conflict is escalating , or you want to antagonise someone . 
  clearly this is for the latter . 
  after what ? 
  canada was deploying troops into afghanistan as early as october 2001 . 
  they were very much involved in the invasion efforts . 
  not having insane politicians ? 
  since when do you drop ` peacekeepers ' alongside the us invasion force ? 
  does n't matter , the conflict occurred and the federation used military force to take it back under control . 
  probably georgia , chechnya and other past conflicts . 
  so canada drops troops in afghanistan , and somehow ranks higher in a peace index than countries that have n't had a single military engagement since their founding ? 
  who compiled this ? 
  mad does n't guarantee safety from conventional attack , only nuclear . 
  the clue is in the name * mutually assured * destruction . 
  nuclear retaliation in response to a conventional attack is n't just absurdly disproportionate , against another nuclear power , it 's suicidal . 
  it is the worst possible game move you can make , bar none . 
  no military will ever consider nuclear on nuclear response to a conventional attack , ever . 
  temporary occupation is a vastly more superior outcome than everyone being dead . 
  nonsense . 
  any such response would be suicide . 
  national suicide is the very worst outcome possible . 
  therefore they wont do it . 
  any such talk is bluster , nothing more . 
  and that would be relevant in global politics , if it were still the 1960 's cold war . 
  any military action against russia today , would be strictly conventional . 
  which nobody was even close to remotely entertaining until putin started acting like a cold warrior like it 's the good ole days of the grand ole soviet union all over again . 
  nonsense . 
  excessive centralised political and economic control is what screwed them up . 
  it hobbled them with enormous bureaucratic inefficiency and incompetence . 
  their meddling resulted in constant shortages and excessive supply on goods and services just about everywhere , even in the soviet crown jewel . 
  as well as savage wholesale slaughter of innocent citizens . 
  they may have made a dog and pony show out of ` local government ' and ` direct democracy ' , but it was just that , a show . 
  in reality , those governorships were little more than bureaucratic executor agents of moscow 's will which placated or terrorised the proletariat when they were moaning about the dysfunction caused by edicts handed down by moscow . 
  in practice , there was no democracy , there was no political competition , there were no republics . 
  in practice , the ussr was a brutal top-down dictatorship run with an iron fist . 
  moscow never relinquished power to the people right up until the ussr collapsed . 
  not just due to material provisions . 
  but also due to the fact that germany could n't throw everything they had at russia because of the threat of allied invasion , and the raf draining them down . 
  without that division of forces , germany would have overrun them in short order . 
  yes , yes . 
  a disorganised mess of randomers are n't going to put up much of a fight against a sustained german military offensive . 
  you missed the point . 
  without the constant threat of allied invasion , the raf 's relentless battering of german air power , and industry , and pressing against the western front when they did invade to divide germany 's forces and war effort in half , russia would have been overrun . 
  it would n't matter if the russians parked their entire war industry next door to alaska before germany invaded , because the germans would have nabbed it in a relatively short period of time . 
  as it was , the germans nearly wiped out russia 's armed forces , much less if they were at full fighting force . 
  oh , and 20th century russia was n't 19th century russia . 
  the two are n't really comparable . 
  politically , socially , economically , militarily , and technologically , they 're nothing alike at all . 
  moscow was a vital central hub for the ussr . 
  if moscow skipped a beat , russia starved . 
  the reason why they 're not monolingual is less important than the fact that they 're not monolingual . 
  til that there are countries more monolingual than the french . 
  i 'm not really the ` holidaying ' type , either . 
  but i do at least try to get away every once in awhile . 
  even if it 's just seeing family , and/or seeing places or events i have n't seen before . 
  i 'd crack up if all i saw was work , home , and the commute between every day for the rest of my life . 
  and i 'm sure there 'd be very few who would n't be the same . 
  is a necessary luxury still a luxury ? 
  there 's no good to be had in having a wound up population with their balls to the bandsaw week in , week out . 
  all work and no play makes jack a dull boy , and whatnot . 
  obviously nobody is talking posh cruises all round , but everyone needs a good amount of time away from routine places and humdrum to decompress every once in awhile . 
   it was the standard for thousands of years everywhere . 
  well that settles it , i suppose we better get back into our straw huts , pray for our sick , and harvest our asses off for our feudal lords . 
  the word limit does n't speak of its violability . 
  a speed limit is a speed limit , whether issued by government , or nature . 
  apparently the germans do n't believe the laws of physics applies to them . 
  technically true , that the mechanical action is rotating a chemically propelled chunk of metal is nether here nor there !, 
  it is n't junk science to compensate for factors which distort the data . 
  we use a lot of light noise/distortion compensation techniques in astronomy to get clearer images of the night sky . 
  weird survey . 
  the only question there which had any actual ethical problems at all were the matter on extramarital affairs . 
  yup . 
  so in other words , we 're getting junckerschulzverhofstadtkeller as the eu president . 
  maybe in italian , but in english , [ it does ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/complication?q=complication ) . 
  complication implies complexity . 
  adding a delivery time delay is n't complex . 
  and it 's necessary in germany , at least , as well as for any manager with the slightest bit of decency in them . 
  how is that complicated ? 
   `` they even leaked a national security meeting , '' he said . 
  `` this is villainous , this is dishonesty ... who are you serving by doing audio surveillance of such an important meeting ? '', 
  the people of turkey ? 
  you do n't need a vast navy to defend your coast when you have the world 's largest and most advanced air force with anti-ship capabilities . 
  even if they did get a foothold in the us , they 'd rapidly be obliterated in the ensuing bombing and close air support campaigns . 
  even if the air force could n't do any of that due to some magical reason , you have what ? 
  half a million reservists and over 50 million armed civilians including cops and feds who themselves practically qualify as an army nowadays . 
  and wide-ass open territory that would make advances meaningless and logistics impossible . 
  it 'd be a blood bath for any foreign military which attempted an invasion . 
  why would you think that ? 
  it would n't be much of a universal serial bus if it did n't provide data transfer . 
  usb does n't discriminate between audio and data , it 's all just data as far as the usb standard is concerned . 
  as it should be , since that 's exactly what audio is . 
  so yes , you transmit audio over the same connector as ` data ' . 
  usb can already encapsulate * anything * . 
  it 's the * universal * serial bus , remember ? 
  and you ca n't just say new connector standard introduced by apple can do xyz while old open standard ca n't because they 'd have to introduce a new connector to get the bandwidth bump . 
  that 's an absurd double standard . 
  not to mention that chips at both ends of a usb cable can ( and do ) also encode and decode media streams with whatever the hell codec hardware developers want . 
  and what the hell does this have to do with * charging * a damn battery , anyway ? 
  reversible cable ? 
  apparently that 's an amazing earth shattering development , or sumfinsumfin .
