  gtfo . 
  i would if my government has a track record of funnelling taxpayer funds into fat cat pockets , which is most western governments at this point . 
   more europe , more decentralistion these two are mutually exclusive . 
  and northern europe just collectively sniggered . 
  so they can display ads for people outside the uk to cover the extra bandwidth costs . 
  that depends on whether they want access to the eu at all . 
  the last thing hollywood wants is to be locked out of the eu and piracy to be the sole supply of demand . 
  what ? 
  of course i can . 
  the west does n't owe poorer countries an economic boom at the expense of its own future . 
  that 's just fucking retarded . 
  how does this even need to be said ? 
  wtf ? 
   for anyone interested in reality , free labor movement does the opposite and which magical parallel reality is that ? 
  take any wealthy country that has had decades of open borders and i 'll show you a country with significant wealth inequality and natives dependant on the dole . 
  the uk has suffered , ireland has suffered , germany , the netherlands , france , hell , the united states has a * de facto * open borders policy and it 's the poster child for wealth inequality . 
  their conclusions were based on ideological assumptions that the statistics do n't bear out in real world economics . 
  in the long term , open borders crushes the working class into poverty , and shrinks the middle class , widening the wealth gap between rich and poor as the rich profit like nobody 's business from a saturated labour market and the stagnating/deflating effect it has on wages , and makes everyone more dependant on the state for social supports as families are geographically divided . 
  the policy was an inevitable next step in the deployment of neoliberalism after the reaganomics stage . 
  but it is killing the west as an economic power , and they need to cut that shit out . 
  i 'm sceptical of all think tanks . 
  but i 'm specially sceptical of ones that produce reports which are exactly in line with the blatant bias baked into their very name . 
  it 's pointless waste ( or worse , grossly corrupt corporate welfarism ) if it is n't absolutely necessary to be productive . 
  we already have enough empty buildings . 
   and that 's where the debate gets interesting . 
  interesting is an interesting substitute for bloodshed . 
  you 're talking as if experience magically makes barrelling through civilian flight routes blind as a bat a safe thing . 
  eyeballs , no matter how well trained , are no replacement for broadcasting transponders , wide field active radar scans , and cooperation with local air traffic control authorities . 
  even with best visibility ( which is virtually never in ireland ) , the farthest you can see is about 100ish km , give or take , depending on altitude , a jumbo jet will clear that distance in no time . 
  and neither those , nor strategic bombers , are graceful and swift with changing trajectory . 
  their ability to make hard turns to avoid a collision in an unexpected emergency is horrifically terrible . 
  that kind of behaviour is stupid and reckless . 
  frankly , if russia keeps it up , the eu/nato needs to start taking solid action against it , and not just stomp our feet at the kremlin . 
  this is a matter of public safety . 
  nothing like being completely defenceless to make the bad guys go away and respect our borders . 
   give me your internet browsing history for the last 12 months and i 'll stand a good shot at identifying you . 
  sure , potentially . 
  but the cookie mechanism does n't convey your browsing history at all . 
  the only way cookies could potentially give away your identity is if you visit sites partnered with a big ad platform , and lets assume you do n't avail of the ad platforms other services and * voluntarily * hand over your details , which automatically rules out google and microsoft in most cases , and you were visiting pages which you already have publicly posted information about yourself , and the ad network 's data harvesting software somehow magically decides that 's you . 
  that 's a very tenuous link to you , if one is made at all . 
   do n't forget also that things like google analytics is recording your ip ( and therefore roughly your geographical location ) , your browser , type of mobile phone , etc. 
  i did n't forget at all , in fact i very explicitly stated it to the other guy , that information is gained from tcp/ip and http headers . 
  cookies do n't come into that at all . 
   the purpose of the tracking cookies are to build a profile on you , which are then used to serve more targeted ads right , because we would n't want relevant high quality ads now would we ? 
  a big reason why i started using ad blockers , aside from the shitty battery eating flash animations and annoying sounds begging for my attention , was that they were almost always completely useless to me . 
   and the eu decided you should be aware of that and opt-in to it that 's not what the directive does , it makes the point of call responsible for notifying the user that they 're using cookies , but it does n't do anything about dealing with ad networks building up cookie profiles , or have any ad network opt-in/out . 
  by the time you click `` i understand '' , your browser has already shook hands with the 3rd party ad server , let them log the referrer url , ip , and the rest of the stuff in the lower protocol headers , passed your cookie to them , and given you a bunch of ads in return , 5-10 seconds ago . 
  the fact is the public is just as ignorant about cookies today as they did before the directive came into force , and ad networks are rummaging through more data than ever before . 
   their solution is dumb as hell , but they are addressing a potential problem . 
  much like pitching a matchstick up on the leg of a crumbling bridge to help stop it from collapsing . 
  it 's not just dumb as hell , but it 's utterly ineffective as well , all it does is show just how utterly incompetent the eu is at effectively regulating anything . 
  if they were serious about educating the public on cookies and privacy , and setting up their browser around that , they 'd set up an education site and promote it . 
  if they were serious about quelling ad networks profiling users without their consent , they 'd ask browser developers to ask the user if they want to disable 3rd party cookies , or make some kind of ui element for easily allowing explicit permission for 3rd or even 1st party cookies to be granted by the user . 
  as it stands , all they 've successfully done is waste everyone 's time . 
  except snitching to your family requires actually identifying you as a person . 
  cookies ca n't do that , they can only identify you as a discrete browser , anything beyond that requires voluntary data submission . 
  that depends on your definition of ` malicious application ' . 
  the very worst it can do is provide your browser with a random unique identifier that ad servers can use to give you more relevant ads based on cross-site directed visits . 
  and keep in mind that tcp/ip and http headers provide a fingerprint of discrete browser information by itself that 's inherent to the protocols , the only thing cookies do is ad a measure of certainty that you are you , but you may not even be you because you could be using another browser or computer or vm with a completely different unique identifier . 
  it ca n't extract any information from you that you do n't volunteer yourself , so none of it is personally identifying . 
  if you really want to educate the public on cookies , set up a website called teachmeaboutcookies.org or whatever and advertise it . 
  an idiotic popup notice on a website does n't teach anyone anything about cookies or how to moderate cookies in their browser . 
  just about everyone who is n't a web developer are literally just as clueless about cookies today as they were before the directive was issued . 
   yes , this year it is a really dull song , but the kid is charming and a overall good guy so i think thats why he won . 
  no , he won because eurovision is the dull boring song competition , and he just happened to out-dull everyone else . 
  so greek is what you 're saying ? 
  damn greeks , first they want free money now they want to have their way with the womenfolk !, 
  yeah !, 
  just look at what they got up to a thousand years ago !, 
  can never trust those swedes !, 
  and how many times have german scum organised themselves into mobs by the hundreds to sexually molest , threaten , and steal from women and underage girls en mass ? 
  i 'm guessing the last time was when you were chipping flint spear heads in a cave someplace . 
  just because it has n't imploded yet does n't mean it 's doing well . 
  the eu is still only one major crises away from financial collapse , and greece is still a timebomb , fiscally and politicially . 
  except in this case they 're talking about tearing down statues and pulling placards from buildings . 
  not just not wanting to put new statues up . 
  we must move on from the past , by erasing it and forgetting it ever happened !, 
  flair says from transylvania , dracula confirmed . 
  what are you rambling on about ? 
  what does ireland have to do with the polish/slovakian border ? 
  well , braving the seas is one thing , scaling up and down the sheer mountains of death is another . 
  yes that 's true . 
  i was being a bit flippant . 
  but generally our military spends more time guarding security vans than they do in military actions . 
  that 's good for us ( providing the security companies are helping to foot the bill ) since it means we can focus our budget on more pertinent matters . 
  that 's one of the major advantages of neutrality . 
  the only downside is neutrality and peacekeeping is n't the stuff of noteworthy military history . 
  the totality of ireland 's military history : < 1922 : occupied by the british empire the end . 
  oh we have plenty of wealth , all 1 % of us . 
   yes , an eu army would have very strict prerogatives . 
  it would be a completely defensive one . 
  did your crystal ball tell you that ? 
  it was the empire that broke the slave trade . 
  why would it restart it ? 
  sure , they 're not going to do our job for us , especially at their own disadvantage , since we can do it for ourselves . 
  but they are chilling their relationship with best korea to our advantage , for e.g. . obviously if it adversely affected them they likely would n't . 
  it 's all cost/benefit and return and what not . 
  exactly , china has a vested interest in looking out for the interests of the west . 
  we 're as good as allies with them from a geopolitical standpoint . 
  not even in serbia .
