  nevermind that it 's going to be incorporated into usb3 .1 , along with vastly improved power delivery . 
  there 's actually many petrol formulas with a wide range of octane ratings . 
  government regulations have simplified it for motorists so engines sold in europe conform to the standard petrol formula which is sold in europe so they do n't damage themselves and burn with maximum efficiency . 
  it would n't be possible to do that if the petrol sold was a crapshoot . 
  just as i would n't be able to just buy a phone and plug my existing charger/data cable into it without standardisation . 
  i 'd have to throw it all out , including a perfectly working charger , for no good reason at all . 
  it 's a cable which provides a simple direct current in order to charge a phone battery . 
  exactly how many different ways of streaming electrons along a pair of conductors do you think there actually needs to be ? 
  yes , ` citizens ' got their hands on thousands of mines and training in their deployment . 
  ... yet . 
  and not including being savagely beaten to death by homophobes who 'd probably get a slap on the back by the cops sooner than being thrown in jail . 
  so you 're not a true christian unless you believe in biblical creationism ? 
  fuck me , someone better go tell the pope !, 
  it is n't bullshit at all , the prevalence of young earth creationists confirms that a significant number of americans flat out refuse to even think about the timescale natural selection operates on , rates of genetic mutation , the obvious and observed tendency of disadvantageous traits causing organisms to die prematurely , and all the other factors which are all stone hard evidence that natural evolution is a real phenomena which gave rise to us . 
  because if they took the time to expose themselves to science and read through it , they would n't be part of the current scientific retardation of america movement . 
  belief in creationism , not christianity itself . 
  i think even ~ 10 % of a belief in creationism would justify such a stereotype . 
  something is seriously lacking in american education and culture if such a massive amount of people believe that drivel so uncritically . 
  even the catholic church dropped that nonsense , and they 're pretty much always at least 100 years behind the times . 
  instead of desperately throwing about weak sauce ad hominems , why do n't you actually cough up a * single * definition which establishes the equivalence ? 
  except not one single dictionary definition claims that ` peace = compliance with the law ' . 
  so yes , you do have a burden of proof here . 
  and now you 're equating non-compliance with the law , with violence . 
  how much more stupid do you want to pull out of your ass ? 
  if you 're making assertions it 's your responsibility to back up what you 're saying with evidence or suitable argumentation , regardless of the forum . 
  you 've done nothing of the kind . 
  dogma does n't cut it . 
  if all you 've got is childish ' u 2 yung n stoopid ' type comments , then i 'd also question your own mental maturity . 
  frankly , i 've met 5 year olds with a better grasp on logic , and considerably better manners . 
  the fact that you 've ignored all of my questions , points , and examples , and throwing about ad hominems and bare assertions that you ` know what peace means ' therefore ` you 're all wrong ' is proof that you 've got * nothing * at all to add . 
  and that 's why you 've sunk to the bottom of this post like the titanic . 
  i 've already demonstrated how your ` knowledge ' of ` peace ' is deeply flawed , and yet you sink your head further into the ground ? 
  have at it , but you 'll just make yourself look like a cocksure fool parading around like you won when you just got your ass handed to you . 
   but lawbreaking is inherently non-peaceful . 
  really ? 
  so if the government institutes the draft to shore up manpower for a completely unpopular war , to lawfully compel you to go overseas and murder people just defending their home , breaking the law by refusing to comply with the law means you 're violating the peace ? 
  if you 're naughty and you torrent your favourite tv shows are you declaring war on the copyright holder ? 
  exactly how do you figure that law and peace are intrinsically and inseparably equivalent ? ... 
   edit : i see several people are unfamiliar with the meaning of the word `` peaceful '' . 
  since you 're obviously already on the internet , feel completely free to research the word . 
  that 's funny , because i see several people who 're familiar with false equivalences . 
  laws are n't inherently peaceful , so breaking laws does n't necessarily break the peace . 
  a protest against unjust rule can even prevent an outbreak of civil war . 
  that 's why we frown upon infringement of freedom of speech and of protest , so . 
  no you clueless republican moron , not everything fits into the right wingnut us of a lefty vs righty paradigm . 
  you clearly do n't understand european politics and economics ( and more likely , anything about politics and economics in totality ) . 
  someone mentions the need to curtail human rights abuses and the first thing you think of is zomg communism !!!!!!!!!!!!! 1111111 !!, 
  ! 11 gtfo of here . 
  the point is n't that we need to spend more and incur more debt . 
  the point is we should n't be ` privatising ' the profits for the rich and powerful while socialising their losses , while doing the exact inverse for the rest of the population , while enacting policies which suppress dissent among the non-upper classes . 
  communism has nothing to do with it . 
  ` austerity ' has nothing to do with budgets , deficits , debt levels , or sustainable anything objective and rational . 
  it 's entirely designed to keep the same or greater cash flow going into the same places among the rich and powerful , regardless of any of the underlying economic damage it does . 
  no , it 's facism to allow human rights to be trampled on in the stampeed to ensure the rich and powerful do n't lose out in the economic clusterfuck they 're responsible for . 
  but the official name is misleading and confusing , because the name of the island is also ireland , which implies that northern ireland belongs to the republic , and it does n't . 
  so objective people who are n't strong nationalists call it the republic , because it distinguishes the actual geographical entitles in question . 
  [ brit media ` censorship ' in full swing ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk/bloodysunday?page=22 ) . 
  this is just extra-nationalists riding off the current rising wave of brit hate . 
  all they 're really doing is shit stirring the old pot of sectarian resentment and retarding the peace process . 
  these people sully the reputation of the irish people by hitching their hate train onto our nationality . 
  well they can fuck off and keep their british birth certificates , they 're not wanted . 
  so how could they be any more anti-democratic ? 
  abolish general elections outright ? 
  that 's all i can think of atm . 
  there was only 21 years between wwi and wwii . 
  wwii -  ecc was much longer than that . 
  and the ecc was just a loose nit trading bloc . 
  what we 're really talking about is the eu , and that was a full 47 years later . 
  nor can it be said that the existence of an organisation establishes it as the cause for whatever you want . 
  even though india and pakistan despise each other , they have n't had a decent war since 1971 . 
  can you guess what developed since then ? 
  i guess german rule through sneaky bureaucratic mission creep is working out better for ya ... for now . 
  yeah , but our government similarly disregards the people to line the pockets of themselves and their pals , and dismisses opposition as ` populism ' . 
  because european countries had been launching nukes at each other between wwii and the formation of the eu and the ` european idea ' ? 
  yes , the small upstart parties give the voters what they want and control the media . 
  because the established players have never given empty campaign promises and delivered on nothing when they got into power . 
  and they 've never spun bullshit news ever . 
  at least ` populists ' have the benefit of the doubt , because they have n't been well established and proven liars yet . 
  i 'm sure hitler and mussolini thought the same in earnest . 
  i despise that word , ` populist ' . 
  it 's meant as an accusation against political opponents , but it 's really an anti-democratic dismissal of the demands of the public by established powers . 
  ` paid ' for by robbing savers of their spending power . 
  it also has the problem of requiring even more borrowing to keep up with the now unaffordable cost of living . 
  it 's a broken system which inherently benefits bankers only . 
  nagging wives transcends all geographical boundaries . 
   the run of the mill criminal does n't have a gun . 
  when you catch them entering your house for example , they just run away . 
  but they can get one if they mean you harm . 
   when they expect to meet armed resistance , they just take hostages or make sure they shoot first . 
  and since they 're initiating the violence , they have the advantage : it happens on their terms . 
  so are they cowards who run away at the first sign of some defenceless person present , or do they take hostages and shoot first ? 
  make your mind up . 
  they 're at extreme ends of states of aggression . 
  and on the wrong ends too . 
  in reality , criminals confronted by armed resistance will leg it . 
  criminals who encounter defenceless people are emboldened by the fact that they have power over the defenceless person , the elderly are particularly vulnerable prey for these lowlifes . 
  also , people who commit armed robbery get significantly harsher sentences than unarmed robbery . 
  both of those factors combined are why us states with low gun regulation have the lowest instances of burglary . 
  gun laws empowers and protects tyrants and criminals , and leave the innocent law abiding citizens entirely defenceless . 
  those people will have guns regardless , they 're called criminals and police .
