  if the palestinians laid down their arms tomorrow there would be peace . 
  if the israelis laid down their arms , they 'd be exterminated . 
  welcome back to the union of soviet socialist republics , comrades !, 
  again , you 're throwing out a wild mass of false equivalences . 
  not all emotions are the same . 
  not all things that exist are the same . 
  and not even all forms of awe are the same . 
  we 're talking about observing nature in all her spender . 
  in this context , awe gives us an innately satisfactory experience . 
  you could n't possible be awe-stricken by a vista , and not be satisfied that it exists . 
  you would n't be in awe if you were n't satisfied that it exists . 
  segwaying away off over the cliff going on about all manner of irrelevancies is just ridiculous . 
  stay on topic , please . 
  i do n't see how a bacon sandwich is equivalent to a mountain range . 
  being satisfied by their existence is pretty much inseparably implied by awe , after all , you would n't feel awed if the scene which invoked the emotion was n't there ... 
  awe ? 
  the eu claims a lot of things that are n't true . 
   lots of places have power hungry bureaucrats , but when those bureaucrats are put in a federal hierarchy they can be kept in check . 
  this ca n't happen in the eu 's non-federal system . 
  what a load of nonsense . 
  checks can be neglected or put in place in any system , federal or not . 
  being a giant bloated expensive mess does n't give you magical governance properties . 
  and no , federalisation is n't inevitable . 
  europe resisted fascist dictatorship in europe in fairly recent history , it 's well able to do it again , as it has done , again , and again , and again , and again . 
  the eu is in crisis because of this kind of cooperation . 
  no , the eu is in crisis because the eu is run by incompetent unaccountable power hungry bureaucrats , who 're better served by leveraging stagflation to coerce the european economies into political union , than actually solving common economic problems they 're responsible for . 
   these are the products of superstates like the ussr and usa and supernational organizations like the eu . 
  cern is a discrete organisation , the ussr is dead , and the usa is up to its neck in debt . 
  meanwhile brazil , canada , and japan are also able to wear the iss team badge , despite being neither superstates nor supranational organisations . 
  individual nations can cooperate to achieve large scale mutually beneficial goals without federalising , and do so all the time . 
  like the way the us depends on cern for lhc data , and the russians for hitching a ride to the iss , which in itself , was also an international endeavour . 
  there 's plenty of states that would benefit from secession . 
  illinois alone was a net contributor of federal taxes by a whopping $ 700 billion in 2011 . 
  that 's $ 700 billion that would be much better off spent in illinois , either by the state , or by its tax payers . 
  it ` works great ' for the us as a whole , but a fair bunch of states are struggling and ca n't do much of anything about it . 
  the pigs nations would still have been fucked even with full federalisation and all the centralisation in the world . 
  why would it ? 
  you ca n't fix centralisation problems with more centralisation . 
  it 's just as much a problem for us states as it is a problem for europe . 
  economies just naturally diverge with distance in response to their unique problems , and authoritarian political ideologies just ca n't change that . 
  the british were particularly hard hit by your subprime scams , so yes , they had a short period of low us demand for the pound after you defrauded them . 
  and even with that massive hit , it 's still here , as it has been since long before the americas were discovered . 
  so exactly how is it lacking in stability ? 
   european institutions have been around since the end of the 2nd world war . 
  since the 50 's , and those can be counted on one hand . 
  compared to the pound , the euro is a fragile and infantile currency that could still collapse out of the blue . 
  the pound gets stronger while eurozone users get less for their euro from british imports . 
  so while strict currency conversions does n't equivocate pound strength , it is a function of it ... or rather , the exchange rate adjusts to market conditions , and comparative economic performance changes currency demand , and is therefore a critical factor in currency markets basing their prices . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  having control over your monetary policy allows your government far more flexibility in responding to economic disruptions . 
  just because austria did ' t fair badly from ecb policies , it does n't mean they 're the optimal policy choice for every country in europe . 
  not all countries and their economies are the same . 
  oddly enough . 
  in case you skipped over it , it said this :  a member or adherent of a political party seeking to represent the interests of ordinary people . 
  not this :  one who subscribes fear mongering rhetoric which blames everyone else for their problems . 
  indeed . 
  like the [ oxford english dictionary ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/populist ) ? 
  the entire world was ready to obliterate itself at a moment 's notice . 
  and it still is . 
  that does n't mean there was n't , and is n't , peace . 
  how you feel , or felt , is n't the same thing as how things were and are . 
  exactly . 
  crediting the eu for peace is retarded . 
  the peace was there long ago . 
  nuclear weapons had been created , and the people of europe were completely and flat out war fatigued and had enough . 
  the eu is the direct result of those two peacemaking factors , not the cause . 
  yes , not equivocating completely incomparable institutions is retarded . 
  and yet you call them ` populist ' , as if that were some kind of sin . 
  what is that but scaremongering rhetoric against people who express the opinion of the populous ? 
  til the ecsc = = the eu . 
  that 's sarcasm , in case you missed it . 
  europeans not killing each other in battle is peace , by any rational definition . 
  given that the treaty of maastricht established the political union of europe among the then european community members to reform as the european union ( the eu ) , yes . 
  giving the eu credit for successes which occurred long before it even existed is what 's embarrassing . 
  it would be like crediting the united states of america and canada for winning the 100 years war because a bunch of english and french citizens colonised the north american continent hundreds of years after the war . 
  it 's a load of nonsense . 
  feelies are irrelevant . 
  the fact is , there was no war after the conclusion of wwii . 
  long long before the eu existed . 
  it is n't a narrow definition at all , it 's the eu 's own definition . 
  trade agreements are normal business as usual international agreements among non-belligerent countries . 
  it certainly has nothing at all to do with `` political union '' . 
   populists you mean one who expresses the opinion of the populous ? 
  almost sounds like democracy . 
  scary !, 
   their sacrifices resulted in peace , and what has brought more peace to the european continent than the eu the same thing that kept peace in europe for 48 years before the eu existed ? 
  nonsense . 
  europe was at peace for nearly 50 years before the eu . 
  and do n't go on the typical / r/europe pro-eu circle jerking downvote run , just because the facts and basic mathematics is dissonating your echo chamber . 
  founding of the eu = 1993 , end of wwii = 1945 . 
  i 'm sorry reality does n't agree with with the nonsense you pull out of your arse , but reality does n't give a shit about your ideologies . 
  disagree with me ? 
  take it up with historians and mathematicians . 
  it may have been a ` stated goal ' , but it has nothing to do with the peace , much less wwi . 
  i was n't aware that the us was in conflict with hawaii . 
  there 's a difference between military exercises , and military ` exercises ' . 
  they 're not mercenaries at all . 
  that 's how the russian media is presenting their deployed military units . 
  hence the use of single quotes . 
  a civil war is a war between citizens of the same country .
