  damn , if only medical science thought of something to fix that . 
  oh look , an ideological leader is wrong about something . 
  it 's a programme to sustain alcoholism and a cynical exploitation of an addiction mechanism to eek out labour out of the sick . 
  people are n't like bender . 
  alcoholics need medical treatment , food , water and shelter . 
  trying to help alcoholics with alcohol is like putting out a fire with petrol . 
  brb , out of guinness . 
  someone forgot to tell him that 1984 is n't a manual . 
  mostly because greece has n't been attacked since nato became a thing . 
  and the persian and ottoman empires are gone , so you 're cool , guys . 
  do n't sweat it . 
  shame it is n't warm enough to drive a turbine , at least then we 'd get some use out of it . 
  yes , that trickle you feel running down your face is urine . 
  that 's because work tea tastes like it 's a used jock strap blend . 
  * sip tea * yup . 
  so much for the ' 3 like home ' bollocks , eh ? 
  i 'm glad it 's not just me , for the last 2 years or so , every time i go north my bandwidth plummets , tried calling support and all they did was yank my chain and hoovered up the call from my credit . 
  if it was n't for the fact that they 're the only network that supplies all you can eat data i would have told them to get fucked a long time ago . 
  do n't worry , they 'll just bump your subscription/payg rates . 
  it 's no great loss to them . 
  everyone is biased in some way . 
  the only difference is britain 's press is n't mandated by fiat to nod along with the officially acceptable narrative . 
   a more desperate labour pool come again ? 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  not only do open source projects need little to no financial incentive to report bugs , but actually receive patches fixing the bug as well . 
  most of the work open source developers have to do is vetting , testing and merging submitted patches into the public tree . 
  people working on open source projects tend to be incentivised by improving software they depend on , and/or receiving credit for work they put into the project . 
  it 's a kinda common self-interest deal . 
  still , it might n't hurt to have some kind of bug bounty for such a project to attract more interest in security bugs . 
  i thought they drained the swamp ? 
  remember , polling showed brexit and trump defeated . 
  there 's quite a lot of political reality denial going on in establishment politics these days , and even more effort being put into attempting to make the delusional reality real . 
  but people are n't stupid , they see how things are , they live the consequences of establishment politics , they know the consequences of openly being against establishment politics . 
   le pen , just this week , threatened `` fonctionnaires '' ( employees of the state , eg policeman , juges , ... ) acting against her interest that they would `` pay '' should she be elected . 
  what 's fascist about that ? 
  civil servants should n't be engaging in political character attacks , and there has to be consequences for that kind of abuse of power . 
  the irony is you do n't see that what the civil servants were doing was fascistic . 
   marriage is a basic human right ? 
  yup , article 23 of the international bill of human rights . 
  it is n't pedantry . 
  vat eats a sizeable hole in the budget of the poor since virtually every penny of income gets spent just surviving from pay cheque to pay cheque . 
  often to the point where they sometimes have to fill in the budget gap with ` pay day loans ' to be able to handle emergency situations , at which point they get reamed . 
  so it does n't matter if everyone pays it , they still pay it , and it affects them much much much more than it does the middle class and up . 
  something something salem . 
  income tax ! = all taxes, 
  of course it helps if you do n't call people who vote that way shitheads . 
  well , they 've yet to repeal gema , 83 years later . 
  just sayin ' . 
  so it took the election of trump for the german government to be a little less nazi-like against their own people ? 
  it does n't have to be , it only needs to be significant enough to hurt the eu and/or motivate eu companies to put pressure on the eu so they do n't get screwed by uk tariffs . 
  and it is . 
  the eu is n't a free market classical liberal power structure by any stretch of the imagination . 
  which they wont do because the uk will retaliate by levying tariffs on eu goods . 
  the eu has as much to lose by being petty as the uk . 
   and the right treats them better ? 
  not particularly , but they 're not pretending to , either . 
  but they are delivering on policies that put an end to devaluing domestic workers , and that 's what they care about . 
   immigrants are n't causing unemployment immigrants accustomed to and willing to work for less displace native workers . 
  so yes , they do . 
   globalisation is and a major component of globalisation is unlimited mass immigration . 
   even if britain leaves the eu , will that change much of anything for the average worker ? 
  well , considering it means the uk can finally put an end to unlimited mass immigration , and thus a gross oversupply to the labour market , sure . 
   immigration like we see today is anti-worker and illiberal . 
  which is precisely why workers across the west are shifting right , because the left are too up their own holes to realise they 're treating workers like shit . 
   he couldnt answer with which country tho must be mexico . 
  mexico has nukes , right ? 
  yeah the flag choice is still wrong . 
  we did n't invent english , only irish . 
  although we do use it rather well , if i do say so myself . 
  but the lingua franca is still overwhelmingly english . 
  irish is just there for pomp and nationalism . 
  it serves no practical purpose . 
  and 90 % of us . 
  kinda like sweden 's rape rates . 
  but , yes yes , we know , stems are sexist and racist and blah blah . 
  burn it all to the ground . 
  we do n't need no stinkin ' facts . 
  i hear sweden has an awful lot bad women these days . 
  that 's even worse than outright flattening it . 
  you get the worst of both worlds , the blandness of modern architecture coupled with the gross inefficiency of classical building materials and structure . 
  it 's bad enough that they endanger their own children , but they actually put other children at risk as well , not just those who ca n't be immunised for medical reasons , but they also risk the virus mutating around existing immunisations and infecting immunised children as well . 
  so fuck anti-vaxers and their anti-science bullshit . 
  also winners of today : * german internet censors, 
  and in the same bill cynically railroading an internet censorship rider onto the statute books . 
  gg germany . 
  do n't worry , we can forego the whiskey for the sake of competition . 
  do n't know about poland giving up vodka , though . 
  well they did n't say guys could n't do it . 
  although i doubt they 'd carry a bikini as well as the girls . 
  worried that we might win ? 
  that hot girls can stem too ? 
  * shrug *, 
  customers dig the ball sweat . 
  in the manner they 've been speaking about the britain since the referendum , pressing on buttons attempting to overturn the referendum , the manner in which they regard electors who voted to leave . 
  let 's face it , they have n't exactly been warm and cuddly with britain in the past given britain 's predilection for frustrating their federalisation ambitions . 
  but now they 're just being flat out nasty about it . 
  they 're indistinguishable in any power structure . 
  the top node is always the point of centrality . 
  all bad ideas at the top get dumped on the bottom . 
  centralised anything in general is a bad system .
