  spoken like a true scotsman . 
  i suppose you were wearing a kilt on the alps and all . 
  come back here with our 6 counties !, 
  thieves !, 
  the sootier the combustion the better !, 
   but so is your conception of feminists . 
  that is n't a refutation of the veracity of my statements . 
   e.g. 
  you can be feminist and anti-immigration . 
  sure , and not all tories beat on the poor and disabled , and yet that 's what the party represents in rhetoric and in the exercise of their political power . 
  feminists , as a group , decided to be racist in making it all about ` white male privilege ' , completely unqualified , and then systematically hiding the migrant rape epidemic , and then going on about how the white male patriarchy is oppressing women with ` rape culture ' . 
  so excuse me if i find fault in that ` logic ' . 
  i can blame feminists for whinging about ` white privileged men ' are raping women by looking at them without their consent , while looking the other way regarding the very real actual violent rapes committed by immigrants from countries they also ignore which engage in the very real actual systematic institutional oppression of women by * statute * and religious laws , yes , absolutely . 
  it is n't ` lonely and bitter ' , nice try on the shaming though , it 's objective fact , another thing feminists are allergic to . 
  you do realise antarctica is a polar place , as well , right ? 
  yeah , it 's not too far off from taking a trip to antarctica , and only packing t-shirts , shorts , and sandals . 
  if you 're up around the poles , expect it to get a bit nippy ffs . 
  still leaves southern europe vulnerable when winter rolls around , though . 
  via mexico ? 
  if you have a job lined up in the us you can apply for a working visa with the us embassy , or the us state department iirc . 
   all the reasonable leftists have completely changed their tune since what they believed was incompatible with reality . 
  that 's what reasonable people do ... 
  it was incompatible with reality long before the migrants got here . 
  most reasonable people do n't go running around in a minefield and only realising it 's a bad idea once they lose a leg . 
   not really , they are both abrahimics but the level of loyalty to the literal text is different . 
  that was n't always the case , it was n't super long ago that the church held europe in a firm iron grip , and dictated much of the policies of entire kingdoms , amending church dogma in any way at all was about as pleasant as an inquisition . 
  just as it was n't always the case that middle-eastern women were always required to wear the hijab and other hyper-conservative garbs . 
  hyper-conservative islam , is , in fact , a relatively recent phenomenon fuelled by decades of foreign military , political , economic , and cultural interference , they 've been subjected to pretty much since the ottoman empire was dissolved , which ended up sweeping away reforms that was modernising the region across the board , changes that were keeping them much more in pace with contemporary developments in europe . 
  you 'll note that there 's plenty of photographs of women in iran and egypt during the 70 's going about their studies and working life in skimpy dresses and free flowing hair without being gang raped by mobs of cowards and subsequently murdered by their families . 
  these religious conservative/liberalisation shifts have far more to do with the political winds than any actual theological arguments . 
  well i hope you live in ` murica , because there 's no ar-15 stocked walmarts here . 
  unless you 're swiss , then you 're cool , not that anyone ever bothers invading switzerland , even hitler decided it would be a complete waste of time and he despised them . 
  yet again , germany wields bureaucratic authoritarianism to impose their imperial will on europe . 
  i think it 's more than about time states start cutting eu funding . 
  really ? 
  then perhaps you can ` educate ' me in how this policy will magically help everyone and harm no-one ? 
  and how will they do that ? 
  at best , they 'll have to get jobs that will continue to suppress wages and continue to drive our own working class into poverty . 
  we can hardly support ourselves , much less solving all the world 's problems and saving every life . 
  it 's arrogant and dangerous to have that kind of mindset . 
  would you let everyone who shows up at your doorstep stay as long as they like and eat all your food ? 
  we ca n't just let in countless millions of random people , it 's far too much of a drain on the resources of our countries . 
  it 's just not realistic . 
  of course they did , they 're their own nation , after all . 
  i do n't know why people act all offended when they hear ` nationalism ' , there 's nothing wrong with supporting your own national interests , it 's what every country does , after all . 
  even the realistic physics are already well understood and easily computable in realtime . 
  that may have been true of autopilots made in the 1960 and 70 's , today 's avionics systems are a tad more advanced . 
  fun fact , fear of injury and death triggers high stress responses which causes drivers to panic and overcorrect their control inputs . 
  big cause of crashes . 
  computers are so vastly superior vehicle operators precisely because high risk of imminent death is just like any other nanosecond . 
  of course being able to observe spectra beyond 750-450nm helps a bunch too . 
   or are we going to pretend that greece did n't already slash both the public sector and the pensions by ~ 50 % ? 
  of course we are , because here on / r/europe , greece is the great satan taking free money they never have to repay , and the eu narrative is more important than facts . 
  5 papers more than practically every politician in europe . 
  and game theory , i.e. 
  the study of strategic decision making , yeah , i ca n't see how that 'd be useful in economics and politics . 
   he has n't worked a day in his life in the real economy you mean he 's an actual qualified economist who actually studies economic models and actually publishes peer-reviewed papers about them , right ? 
  yeah , fuck that guy , obviously he does n't know anything . 
  hear about that stephen hawking guy ? 
  what would he know about black holes ? 
  just sits in his wheelchair all day long , guy has n't worked a day of his life in a real black hole ffs . 
  agreed , right now centre-left parties across the west look much more like the centre-right these days , left-leaning voters see them as traitors to their values , making small radical-left or even right parties talking about issues they care about look like the only possible options , which shifts more collective power to the centre-right parties . 
  aside from sim locks , nothing . 
  but then your number is out of service for the whole time you 're away , which is shitty . 
  that 's because the council does n't have the power to pass eu-wide law , it 's basically just a forum for the leaders of the member states . 
  except the - ize suffix fell out of use over a century ago , and there 's no zz , we do n't pronounce ' - iz ' , we pronounce ' - is ' . 
  so in fact ' - ize ' would n't be phonetic in british english at all . 
  you would have learnt these improvements , and many more , if you did n't break away so early . 
  that 's probably why it makes him cringe . 
   the government was defending the law in court against the uk music industry , but the court felt that they failed to produce evidence that private copies do little to no harm to the copyright owner . 
  so the court wants the government to prove a negative ... . . 
  right . 
  which is one of how many ? 
  it always struck me as peculiar to penny pinch someone who does n't have an awful lot of pennies . 
  i guess they 're depending on a mix of apathy , lack of competition in current account services , and an ever growing pool of poor people thanks to the neoliberalism of the trioka and fianna geal . 
   you know every irish bank has similar now , right ? 
  from tsbs page on it 's current account : wow , i did n't at all realise they changed their account policy so drastically . 
   question is , why are n't you getting charged like the rest of us ? 
  student account ? 
  nope , current . 
  probably because my account is old , grandfathered terms and all that from when they had sane account terms . 
  wow , your bank sucks epic balls , i 'm with permanent tsb , and i do n't have to put up with that kind of bullshit . 
  nope , like their head of state duties , the monarch 's head of church duties are also primarily ceremonial . 
  all the real church of england decision making is performed by the college of canons and the like . 
  that still does n't change the fact that they have more actual political power in government than the queen . 
  26 seats still means that , although they do n't have a heap of representation power , they have enough that they can swing a bill one way or another unless it has broad support by secular lords . 
  yeah , the british head of state has extraordinarily gimped political power , though . 
  the church 's bishopry having seats in the house of lords is far more concerning than the head of state also being head of the church . 
  i already knew this , but it 's good to see more of the media acknowledge it as well . 
  prohibition is always a failure . 
  why would they need to ` try ' ? 
  it 's not like they 're protestants . 
  they 're a global monolithic organisation , that 's what makes them catholic , if they wanted it to stop , the pope need only issue orders prohibiting rotation and aid instead of hindering investigations , and all the arch-bishops must comply , and priests could no longer escape justice . 
  and they could have done that decades ago when the papacy found out about the child abuse occurring , instead of leaving it to go on for decades , and systematically hindering the ability of authorities to investigate and prosecute them . 
  the fact is , the church cared far more about their pr image than the people they victimised . 
  the only reason why they 're throwing their arms up at all is because the deluge of accusations and evidence kept piling up against them and they were in danger of being swept away by it . 
  making bare assertions about the immorality of homosexual relationships while protecting authority figures who sexually and physically abuse little boys and girls , all the while making themselves out to be the epitome of morally virtuosity makes a mockery of their self-appointed supreme moral authority . 
  shuffling around paedophile priests and removing them from jurisdictions that are investigating them is an explicit and systematic approval of the activity . 
  if they truly disapproved as an organisation they 'd let justice be done . 
  because the measure of national economic gain and wealth distribution is n't with itself , but 3rd world shitholes ?
