  etc. . 
   it 's nothing to do with populist policies - it 's basic pandering to public opinion . 
  these two things are exactly the same . 
  only in willy-wonka world of / r/europe and the eu , ` populism ' is a derogatory slur , but only because they hold the public and democracy in contempt . 
  more like roll the world back to may 1945 . 
  except the only ` info ' cameron gives a toss about is polls and seats . 
  he does n't believe anything he says . 
  just another career politician who flip flops about like a landed fish . 
  with allies like putin , who needs enemies ? 
  it is n't when you strap a million or so kg of rocket fuel underneath it . 
  aluminium gets a lot cheaper when you want to throw it up into orbit and beyond . 
  the problem with going after the oligarchs is that it 'll weaken their political power in russia and by ruining them , we 'll effectively unshackle putin from his obligations to them . 
  indeed . 
   yes it is bad . 
  but if russians are occupying 90 % of your territory and you nuke moscow , what are they gon na nuke in retaliation ? 
  their own troops ? 
  ordering troops to withdraw from the blast radius of the launch site and key cities is hardly that difficult . 
   you mean how we punish states for using chemical weapons directly ? 
  red line and stuff ? 
  the difference is every aspect of nuclear weapons production is obscenely documented , everything down to the exact isotope ratio for each fissile mass assigned to each bomb . 
  ocd attention to detail would be an understatement . 
  therefore it 's trivially traceable , and russia has every scrap of that documentation . 
   and the retaliation would matter only if there was a ukraine to retaliate against . 
  what is that suppose to mean ? 
  the retaliation matters regardless . 
  many many ukrainians would die . 
  that 's bad . 
   plus if ukraine had nuclear weapons they could weaponize for example chechen rebels to detonate one in moscow and who do you retaliate against then ? 
  you ca n't just hand off nukes to terrorists and not be held responsible for their use . 
  it is n't that much of a deterrent if the consequences of that action is a nuclear reprisal . 
  possibly . 
  possibly not . 
  just because you have nuclear weapons , it does n't automatically mean you can use them . 
  any ukrainian launch would trigger a russian retaliation . 
  i did n't forget that at all . 
  in fact , that was the entire point of my post . 
  160 nuclear weapons is still more than enough for rapid population reduction . 
  those 141 million would end up more like 1,410,000 . 
  and then there 's the other 2,000 odd nuclear weapons in nato 's arsenal , a fair amount of which would also be launched , finishing off the other 1,410,000 . 
  having nukes you ca n't use is like not having them at all . 
  yes , i 'm offended by anti-democratic institutions and bad/manipulative grammar . 
  the amount of people who care about polish politics could be fit on the back of a postage stamp . 
  and president of the european council is still president of the european council for europe . 
  the * european * council bit should have been the giveaway . 
  or just never pleased . 
  a ) who ? 
  and b ) `` elected '' is a stretch , given that the electorate had absolutely zero involvement . 
  try ` appointed ' . 
  nope . 
  conventional defeat is an infinitely greater game play outcome than everyone being dead . 
  sure , because ukraine gave up their launch codes for an empty promise from the west that we 'd have their backs if russia attacked them . 
  so the npt 's worth is already deteriorating because of putin 's actions , and our lack of action . 
  still , a russian launch at ukraine would definitely draw nato into the fight . 
  and then russia would lose . 
  how could i have forgotten the great coloniser ? 
  * shrug * not a problem for countries which also have wmds . 
  which any military capable of giving their conventional forces a bloody nose will already posses . 
  and the solar system . 
  germany , the wwi allies , germany & austria-hungry , japan , the ottoman empire ( twice ) , france , sweden , the polish-lithuanian commonwealth , crimean khanate , the golden horde , and the mongolians . 
  well if our government quit fucking our people and companies to attract foreign business , we would n't be so badly bent over the table . 
  of course , trying to explain exposure to an irish politician is like trying to explain ethics to them , and why selling out your country for personal gain is a bad thing . 
  gobshites could n't find their arses with both hands . 
   if you ca n't see that the deaths of so many innocent people is completely wrong it is n't a matter of the deaths being wrong , of course it is . . it 's a matter of who 's responsible for the deaths . 
  hamas firing from between civilians , and causing them to get killed by the return fire is * their * responsibility . 
  it 's the whole reason why using human shields is regarded as a war crime . 
  and it 's funny how western powers and citizens are all ` meh ' on tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of deaths caused by * their * military interventions , not even defensive actions , but overtly offensive . 
   hamas could stop now and israel would carry on and find new reasons . 
  unsubstantiated tripe . 
  isreal 's dealings with their other neighbours , who 've mounted an even more serious threat against them a number of times , demonstrates they 're willing to negogiate in good faith , providing they 're willing to do the same . 
  did you see how much ripe and strategic territory they just handed back to the egyptians ? 
   i know this because hamas claims responsibility for each and every single one of their rockets and have been working very hard to stop rocket attacks from dissidents in gaza for years . 
  again , you * know * this , how ? 
  every israeli territorial expansion has been the direct consequense of failed concerted arab military attempts to wipe israel out . 
  when israel beat back the egyptians , they captured a whopping amount of territory , all the way to the suez , which they handed back in exchange for a peace agreement . 
  the difference is the egyptians negogiated . 
  the palestinians have no interest in negogiations . 
  any ceasefire they have , is used to regroup , rearm , and reprepare for another futile assault against israel . 
  their stratagy is simply to draw it out as long and as painfully as possible to turn international bodies against israel . 
  because they do n't want peace with israel , they want israel gone entirely . 
  hamas has clearly stated this repeatedly . 
  so , no , they are to blame . 
  and silly conspiracy theories and isreal is teh devil nonsense simply does n't jive with history and facts . 
   yeah - no . 
  hamas did n't fire any rockets until israel attacked them . 
  of course they did n't . 
  and you know this , because you over see hamas paramilitary operations ? 
  like the way israel creeped into egypt after they struck up a peace ? 
  but did n't they hand over the entire sinai and suez penninsulas , a veritable treasure trove of territory , with ripe strategic value and natural resources , including bordering on gaza , which would have made it far easier for them to contain goods ( you know , like rockets ) coming into and out of the city ? 
  and are n't arabs not only still alive in isreal , but are , in fact , prospering , and the most free arabs in the entire middle east ? 
  but lets ignore those facts , and lets carry on with the ` isreal is the devil ' spiel . 
  maiming and murdering civilians , and drawing heavy fire towards civilians is n't resistance , they 're war crimes . 
  ` all available means ' does n't extend to committing war crimes . 
  ` defend themselves ' how ? 
  there 's no military defensive play for a rocket offensive , other than a counter-offensive to destroy the army which is launching the rockets . 
  and since hamas is n't a uniform standing army , distinguishing combatant from civilian is hard enough , even if the were n't surrounding themselves with civilians to either dissuade israeli fire , or worse , capture the bloodbath on film for a morbid pallywood propaganda piece , which they do . 
  no other country in the world would be expected to just sit back and take being fired upon by foreign states , none . 
  but we expect it from israel , why ? 
  because of the poor palestinians and their self-inflicted plight ? 
  til a thousand-odd kneejerk underdog sympathisers speaks for all of ireland . 
  it does n't matter what show of good faith israel delivers on , because hamas will continue firing rockets regardless .
