  i 'm so going to hell for laughing at that lol, 
  yes , eat !, 
  not fuck . 
  hard to fuck when you 're hungry . 
  weirdos . 
  not an asshole , but you 're totally going to hell . 
  da , belarus like belarus . 
  no kidding , the only thing worse than pissing off the loyalists or republicans is pissing them both off . 
  it would if they felt the slightest offence . 
  the average for the eu is a soft yes . 
  and that was two years ago , a lot has changed since . 
  too late , the troika got there first . 
   and then we have a german region as well . 
  but only when they 're visiting france . 
  english is our other official language , and the one we actually use . 
  because only privileged regressive douchenozzles double barrel family names onto their kids . 
  aside from shirking family name tradition , can you imagine how ridiculous the name will get after 10 generations of double barrelling morons marrying double barrelling morons ? 
  yes , just like the extinction of the dinosaurs . 
  that 's the joke . 
  too soon . 
   minimum and maximum prices will be instated . 
  which the industry will interpret as the maximum being the price they should all charge everyone . 
  it 's not our job to ensure the long term safety of foreign citizens in foreign land . 
  as long as the conflict is n't affecting the port they 're safe to be dropped off there . 
  that 's why you also fine truckers who fail to secure their trailers . 
  there 's no one solution that 's going to fix the problem at your end . 
  it 's up to european leaders to signal that the free lunch is over for immigrants . 
  who 's saying let them drown ffs ? 
  you can scoop them up and drop them off at the nearest port , let their immigration system deal with them . 
  why bring them to europe and let them roam free ? 
  that 's insane . 
  failure to enforce immigration/asylum rules is what caused brexit in the first place . 
  let the media cry racism . 
  just call them out on their bullshit . 
  the rules are fair and ensure political stability . 
  failure to enforce them will cause the eu to unravel . 
  how is that a rational inference ? 
  pointing out that people are having to put their lives at risk to save people who intentionally put their lives at risk is n't the same as saying we should let them drown . 
  if that 's what he was saying , that 's what he 'd say . 
  * cancer causing virus . 
  yes , but last i checked going to football matches does n't result in things blowing up and otherwise people dying en mass . 
   pretty sure there are . 
  any examples ? 
  saving for those with a legitimate mental illness , of course . 
   of which only a few tens of thousands are part of isis . 
  isis estimates range anywhere from 52,600 -- 258,000 . 
  that 's not insignificant . 
  moreover , it does n't take significant numbers to cause major carnage . 
  and they 're not the only group . 
   how do we exactly measure this ? 
  by those holding swiss ideas , customs , and social behaviour ? 
   people have radically different opinions within a culture sure , but those opinions average out into that culture . 
   so to suggest that people from other locations are so uniquely different that depends on the other locations . 
  if we 're talking german vs swiss , then yes , there is n't a great deal of difference . 
  swiss vs. greek , then the differences increase . 
  swiss vs. saudi arabian , then yes , significant differences become very apparent , especially if they 're from a region culturally wahhabist , at which point they 're diametrically opposed cultures , as it is against western liberal democratic culture in general . 
   is to overly downplay the big differences within the existing nation . 
  no , it is n't . 
  different ideas in the west on how we should run a country is diverse , but there are none willing to strap a bomb to their chest and blow themselves up and take a bunch of innocent civilians along with them . 
  there are few willing to even engage in terrorism to try to force political change in general . 
  you have to go wayyyy out on the fringes to find any at all . 
  we 're fairly tolerant folk and we use democratic mechanisms to affect political change . 
  because disproportionately they are ? 
  you do understand statistics is a thing , right ? 
  even if that were n't the case , it 's no excuse for misrepresenting the reality of the situation and being an apologist for islamism . 
  this is why our generation is losing faith in traditional media . 
  which only serves to hurt traditional media 's economic viability in the long run . 
  swiss nationality does n't automatically make you culturally swiss . 
  western media has a disturbing habit of whitewashing muslim terrorist and criminal acts by exploiting irrelevant factoids like nationality to imply that native culture is responsible for actions motivated by a foreign culture . 
  why ? 
  aside from the usual eu power grab , of course . 
  that 's a great idea !, 
  maybe we could get the united states to join along with us , then we could call it the north atlantic treaty something or another ... oh ... errr . 
  at least they have n't blamed them for cancer . 
  you did n't get the memo ? 
  i 'm sure we sent them out to the all white people mailing list . 
  oh cool , i 'm white as fuck , can i cash in my white privilege chips ? 
  must be worth billions . 
  the white house ? 
  yes , because politics is like plumbing . 
  and is in no way subjective . 
   i would n't think of this program as free labour . 
  sure , slave labour would be a more appropriate term . 
   i wonder how effective those people are in the job anyway . 
  probably not great . 
  all the more reason to expend resources on rehabilitation , rather than exploitation . 
   it 's good way to keep eye on them and control any potential larger problems that could be happening . 
  which needs a doctor , not a foreman . 
  then pay them a fair wage for their labour , do n't just exploit their sickness and misery to get free labour . 
  it 's beyond low . 
   many alcoholics dont want to be helped . 
  such people tend to have deeply ingrained psychological problems . 
  they can be convinced of accepting help , as long as they 're handled right . 
  that does n't involve bringing a 6 pack . 
  i never said anything about forcing anyone to do anything . 
  i 'm only objecting to exploiting an addiction to get labour at a cost that 'd be illegal for any private enterprise to try to get away with . 
  sorry to hear about your uncle dying . 
  and yes , booze should n't be taken away from them , their voluntary rehab should be medically supervised , but you should n't be carting in boxes of beer as a bribe for free labour , either . 
   trying to help alcoholics without alcohol is killing alcoholics . 
  yes , because literally alcohol is the only substance that can stave off withdrawal symptoms .
