  who by definition , disregard the law , and are above the law , respectively . 
   making something more expensive and less convenient is usually quite effective to reduce its use . 
  that 's prohibitive policy . 
  that depends , will you disregard all the new cancers caused by bootleg cigarettes cut with arsenic and other highly dangerous carcinogens ? 
  anything that 's prohibitive is prohibition . 
  ` at risk ' is n't the same as having alcoholism . 
  nor did prohibition work . 
  it 's the classic example of prohibitive vice policy being a failure . 
  should we give the law abiding public the means to defend themselves against criminal gangs and tyrants who are armed ? 
  no , that would a terrible idea . 
  why on earth would we want that ? 
  / s of course it 's an argument . 
  if the negative externalities of the prohibition makes social conditions worse for the public , and particularly those it purports to ` protect ' then it 's a failed policy . 
  open market products can be taxed , regulated , and inspected . 
  they 're also subject to open market competition . 
  it does n't matter to a criminal drug lord when a bust sends prices sky high , they 'll still get theirs . 
  and they 're not above engaging in street wars to push out competition . 
  meanwhile addicts are resorting to thefts and burglary to pay for it . 
  and have you ever heard of half the crap drug lords cut their drugs with ? 
  to call them toxic would be an understatement . 
  asbestos is n't a personal consumable , much less a vice . 
  is strawmen all you authoritarian busy bodies have ? 
  if you drink it like water for months you may become dependant on it . 
  and most people who drink like that , are typically self-medicating for undiagnosed psychological conditions . 
  but it 's not inherently addictive , like say , nicotine or heroin , no . 
  gambling is not a dissimilar vice . 
  some effect is still * a lot * of failure . 
  not to mention the negative externalities which result from the ban ( funding criminal gangs , vastly inferior product which causes significantly more harm than it was as an open market product , and so on ) . 
  it does n't have to be addictive . 
  see : alcohol prohibition . 
  it 's also extremely effective at making that thing more valuable , and funding criminal gangs . 
  murdering people is n't a consumable product . 
  you ca n't smuggle a murder . 
  only a complete moron would think that vice prohibition is the slightest bit successful . 
  how many centuries of failure do you want to repeat before admitting defeat ? 
  the pro-cannabis argument is always that the black market will disappear as soon as cannabis is legalized , regulated and taxed . 
  the problem is n't with raising * any * taxes , the problem is with raising * excessive * taxes . 
  95 % of the price of a packet of cigarettes in ireland is on taxes . 
  cannabis can still generate revenue from reasonable taxation like vat ( which is 23 % in ireland , so not entirely reasonable , but not cigarette tax rate stupidity ) . 
  banning things people want . 
  they do n't need to be . 
  it 's comparably stupid ineffective policy . 
  no , it 's * you * who 's downplaying the suffering of infant boys who suffer the trauma of having flesh ripped from their penis , sometimes with a ceremonial knife which is n't even half as sharp as a razor blade . 
  and whether or not the procedure is performed in a hospital , they wont receive any kind of anaesthetic , or any other kind of pain relief . 
  the only difference between the two is boys are expected to suck it up and girls are dainty little fragile things who need to be especially protected against everything . 
  sexism , in other words . 
  circumcision does n't just lop off foreskin , it rips off glans tissue , as well , which causes sexual dysfunction and other complications . 
  and few fgms involves a full clitoridectomy . 
  they 're both barbaric bronze-age genital mutilations . 
  male or female , they 're horrible things to do to a helpless child who relies on you to protect them . 
  and getting into a ` my leg amputation is way worse than your arm amputation ! ', 
  squabble does n't help anything . 
  having lived in n.i. 
  for 15 years , hardly anyone i know there * ever * goes to church , much less irregularly . 
  not exactly being ` very religious ' . 
  the fact is , combined n.i. 
  church capacity is fairly low in proportion to the population , and are never at capacity for regular services , and what weak church attendance there is presently is dwindling each year , as it is everywhere . 
  they 're a party of proclaimed protestants , but that does n't make them a conservative christian party , they do n't try to peddle christian dogma as public policy , since that would be fairly ` unprotestant-like ' ( british isle protestantism begun as a consequence of the vatican over-extending its political influence to try to force church dogma on the internal affairs of henry viii 's crown ) . 
  at best they can be described as conservative unionists . 
  abortion was just never really brought up in n.i. 
  politics , partially because the country was racked with civil war for decades , so there was never really any debate on the matter . 
  more important stuff to discuss , and whatnot . 
  but it 'll probably rear its head after a few assembly cycles as the peace process continues to settle down and more powers are devolved . 
  the republic will probably take a fair bit longer to catch up with the rest of the free world since the old conservative catholic voting bloc is still large and active enough to shoot down constitutional amendments , including quite a lot of tds , so they 'll have to die off first for the younger , more liberal irreligious crowd to be majorly represented enough to amend the constitution . 
  saying you believe in god is n't practising religiousness . 
  most people in n.i. 
  do n't think about god to really think about whether they believe in god or doubt his existence . 
  the automatic knee-jerk response to religious questions will be ` i 'm a prod/catholic , therefore god ' , and that 's as deep as it goes . 
  i 'm actually surprised so many expressed a doubtful or disbelieving response . 
  oh yeah , sure thing . 
  i would n't say far higher , though . 
  certainly way more willing to formally declare themselves under a particular denomination , though . 
  but church attendance seems to be as rubbish as the rest of the kingdom . 
  so they just wear it on their sleeves , really . 
  not really religious religious , though . 
  religiousness is more a political affiliation than devoted church attendees . 
  women north and south will travel to the british mainland to get an abortion . 
  we just outsourced our problem to you fellas . 
  i 've never heard a protestant up north being against abortion either , so i 'm not sure about that either , any support would likely be limited to religious fruitcakes . 
  did n't it occur to her at all that abortions comes with the potential risk of damage to/infection in her uterus ? 
  : / and no offence to eastern europeans , but their doctors and hospitals are n't exactly world class or anything , so that just makes that outcome more probable . 
  not exactly accurate , ireland just outsources our abortion problem to the uk mainland . 
  mps are n't the general public . 
  they 're public servants , employees of the state . 
  and as long as they 're accessing the internet with a device which will be brought into a secure state network , they must be isolated from internet threats . 
  they should still be using the parliament intranet at home , even with ` their ' devices . 
  this is systemic it policy failure no matter what way you cut it . 
  they ca n't even get it right in their own departments , and they royally fuck up it policy on a national level . 
  parliament 's it department 's proxy server should be blocking superfluous and dangerous internet traffic already , like any intranet . 
  the problem is the government + it = instafail . 
  so roughly where parliament is today . 
  that 's true . 
  i 'm mostly opposed to governmental attempts to impose culture on principle , which by definition , is a borderless , organic , and evolving property which represents what a people shares in common across generations . 
  happens all the time , but not here . 
  nobody is forcing their little backwater hamlets to use a language they do n't use . 
  it is n't a choice , the vast majority are born into english speaking families . 
  gaelic speakers are a tiny minority . 
  and if they want to continue practising it among their little microcosm population groups that 's just fine . 
  but the majority should n't be forced to pander to such a tiny minority . 
  if it 's the language 95 % of us learn from our parents and use throughout our lives it is n't an imposition , it 's inherited national culture .
