i myself never fully realized it until i visited north korea a few years ago . 
  obviously , the propaganda and military worship is on a completely different level there but when i came back home , the degree to which we americans engage in similar behaviors finally sunk in . 
  my father was a vietnam war veteran ( drafted as soon as he finished uni ) so believe me , i have the upmost respect for our servicemen . 
  but i can not justify the glorification of anything and everything u.s. military . 
  when dad passed away last year , the funeral home offered to arrange for a flag/military ceremony and i cringed inside before saying no fucking thanks . 
  dad loved his country but he would not have loved being buried and remembered as a pawn in the horrificly pointless games that our government played in se asia . 
  but of course several of my relatives ( who knew nothing of dad 's actual experience in vietnam ) could n't understand why there was such little military fanfare at the funeral , seemingly naive to the fact that if he had a choice in the matter he never would have been in the military at all . 
  i 'd think you were american if you were n't so self-aware . 
  how * about * canadian ? 
  most of them , yes . 
   as women do it out of convenience , not responsibility . 
  is there a source for this or is it just your assumption ? 
  as a progressive i have a lot of envy of sweden too but i think the point is not everything in sweden is perfect so it 's silly to call it a paradise . 
  doing so makes it seem like swedes do n't face any serious problems in their own country , which is far from reality . 
  curious , how obvious was it to everyone else that this guy is from my country ? 
  i 'm an american who takes his shoes off at home and encourages guests to do the same . 
  but if my guests are more comfortable keeping them on , i 'm not gon na make a fuss about it . 
  yeah , they 're tracking more dirt and whatnot in . . but i already have pets that do the same on the daily . 
  pets who do n't wipe their butts after shitting and then go hang out on my furniture . 
  since i really ca n't maintain an expectation of constantly perfect cleanliness in my house no matter what i do , i try not to get too bent out of shape about the whole shoe conundrum . 
   never . 
  i am realy afraid of guns , they make me panic a bit when i see one . 
  i feel the same way but i 'm pretty sure this is the exception over here in 2nd amendment land . 
  i 've never touched a real gun either and honestly i 'm kind of scared of them . 
  i think it 's partly because my dad , a vietnam war veteran , raised me to feel that way and partly because of life experiences reinforcing it ( like when a classmate in high school accidentally killed himself while playing with a pistol ) . 
  in any case , the gun culture over here really makes me feel like i 'm taking crazy pills sometimes . 
  and talking with europeans reminds me i may still be sane . 
  so thanks !, 
  this is pretty accurate . 
  the prevalence of the `` fuck you i 've got mine '' mentality here is really astounding . 
  awesome !, 
  i was always hoping france would bring their autos back to our market so i could drive something `` different '' but maybe the czechs will be the ones to help me in my pointless quest of trying to out-hipster my peers . 
  haha in all seriousness though , i 'm very intrigued . 
  even at first glance i 'm really into the designs i 'm seeing from skoda . 
  cool , thanks . 
  i 'll keep my eyes open next time i 'm in europe . 
  believe it or not though , i know some geography and in fact i know where your country is on a map !, 
  i just have n't been there , despite being as close as austria . 
  how popular is skoda ? 
  never even heard of it until today !, 
  granted , the farthest east i 've ever been in europe was austria . 
  i 'm glad you explained because that actually makes perfect sense then !, 
  as a follow-up : if bernie sanders becomes the new leader of the democratic party and the party actually follows his lead , would it be fairer to call it leftist then ? 
  okay , but what 's your point ? 
  that 's probably the 20th time i 've heard a european tell me that . 
  i get it . 
  our version of left-wing or liberal is different than yours . 
  but when one party wants universal healthcare , marijuana legalization , a pathway to amnesty for illegal immigrants , and so on while the opposing conservative side wants none of that , i 'm more inclined to call it liberal or left-wing . 
  is that really so strange ? 
  as a bernie and hillary supporter , yes the dnc `` rigged him out '' but beyond that you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  hillary has been fighting for universal healthcare for americans since the '90s . 
  can you elaborate on that ? 
  as a level-headed liberal . . that was more about him , the presidential candidate himself , saying he would not accept the results or he would `` leave us in surprise . '', 
  i just found that so disqualifying and unpresidential . 
  i was n't upset about the gun-toting southerners talking about protesting it themselves , or yammering on about an uprising with armed militias . 
  they 're always yammering about that stuff . 
  but the person that is our now president-elect left us in suspense of whether or not he would respect our democratic institutions on election day . 
  do you not see how that might be insulting ? 
  similarly you could go all the way to the asian contient , and look in small working-class towns in northeastern japan where the majority of the population refers to it as maku-donarudo . 
  right , which is why i 'm saying i think this is just a mourning or digestion stage . 
  it will fade out pretty soon . 
  i mean , there will definitely be a * massive * demonstration in dc for his january inauguration . 
  but after that , we 'll just wait by nervously to see what trump actually decides to do . . and like my bae bernie sanders said , as soon as he starts pushing `` racist , sexist , xenophobic and anti-environment policies , we will vigorously oppose him . '', 
  it 's been 5 days . 
  i think the american left is still in mourning or at least still digesting our reality . 
  new leaders will emerge for us to rally behind eventually . 
  we 're not just going to sit around new york city with `` dump trump '' signs for 4 years and think that will help anybody . 
  the guy you 're talking to thinks george soros is paying these people to protest the election result . 
  like , my sister who went to a walk-out in philly is still waiting for her soros paycheck to come apparently . 
  a lot of trump supporters believe this . 
  that no reasonable american would care this much , enough to take to the streets . 
  only lazy people who can be bought by a jewish media mogul would bother ... 
  reminds me of all the times i was called a ctr shill on reddit during the election . 
  careful , ( it seems that ) a majority of trump supporters think blm is legitimately a terrorist organization . 
  i actually asked them about it yesterday in this thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/asktrumpsupporters/comments/5cjetl/do_you_guys_actually_think_black_lives_matter_is/, 
  touch\u00e9 !, 
  it is that simple though . 
  trump literally wants to just take away my health insurance , if we take him at his word . 
  i understand obamacare has cost problems . 
  but the system was n't so broken that it had to be outright abolished after it started providing affordable health insurance to 22 million previously uninsured americans like myself . 
  i voted for hillary . 
  maybe she would have been a shit president in some ways . 
  but healthcare was the one thing she absolutely would have fixed . 
  she had been working towards it her entire life . 
  i voted for , donated to , and volunteered for hillary clinton in florida so do n't you dare tell me that . 
  regardless , what 's your deal , dude ? 
  are you a troll or just genuinely mean ? 
  i travel all over the world constantly and i have to say , obama really propped up our image overseas . 
  in europe and asia and south america , i felt respected as an american . 
  in some underdeveloped countries , particularly in southeast asia , if i told people i was american , their eyes would light up as they 'd ask me about obama and seem so over-the-top excited to meet me . 
  even if i got in political arguments with some drunk intelligent germans or koreans , they never seemed to hate obama . 
  they might say something negative about drones or certain foreign policy decisions , but they knew obama was a smart man and doing an okay job leading the country . 
  i highly suspect that sort of international respect for america will be decreasing over the next few years . 
  people wo n't outright hate us . 
  but they 're going to really be scratching their heads when they meet an intelligent , friendly , tolerant american tourist one day and then think to themselves , `` how the fuck did that man 's country vote for donald trump ? '', 
  i 've never met a man who had as little empathy as you . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  facepalm.jpg welcome to the new trumpian america we 're about to user in , r/europe . 
  thank you !, 
  i fucking live in miami and just found out yesterday that millions of americans either do n't give a flying fuck or do n't understand how dire this situation is .
