  the rest is an acquired taste . 
  avoid trump tower , it 's a total dump . 
  5 - fantastic nature . 
  i spent my saturdays cycling at red rock on the loop . 
  best short bike ride i have ever done . 
  imagine zipping downhill at 40mph [ there ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/2pm2wza8uwn2 ) . 
  6 - aside from the strip and nature , the main pastime there is shopping malls . 
  7 - not for everyone , but i found the mid-century-modern vibe of downtown to be pretty cool . 
  3rd street , main street . 
  there are some atomic city vibes . 
  8 - did i mention no gambling like ever ? 
  first i voted clinton and consider aa as something that comes with the territory . 
  i do not like the underlying principle but i will not throw away the good things about the dnc because of an historical overreach . 
  but as someone who started from nothing and got educated in a country that was overwhelmingly colorblind and meritocratic ( france ) , i would have been disqualified as a white person in the california system . 
  luckily for me o joined the uc system as a post-gtad and without the race box to check . 
  having a meritocratic system does discriminate against kids with less educated parents . 
  but from my european experience , uneducated parents can often understand the value of education and the life changing impact it will have . 
  in the us this is hampered by multiple enemies : on the white side , the war on `` elites '' led by fox news types . 
  for minorities rap/bling culture that will dissociate wealth and success from hard work and dedication . 
  i am using very broad strokes for demonstration purposes . 
  please do n't hit me . 
  it 's a package . 
  we need to reform a lot of things and especially the way wealth and power are transmitted . 
  yes there are disparities . 
  one personal example . 
  at the end of junior high i was supposed to join the hs closest to my village . 
  but the reputation was sub-par and very few would have a shot at prep school to get into an ivy league college . 
  based on my gpa i asked for a variance to be sent to a prestigious hs 30 miles away . 
  they had various prep school programs and my hs teachers also taught at these . 
  i got accepted and ultimately joined an mid-level ivy league based simply on my merits . 
  how else is a girl supposed to know you 're well endowed ? 
  / r/the _ russians is leaking again, 
  secure a water source like a water bottling plant . 
  food and necessities will come to you . 
  they want to make you educated , not necessarily employable . 
  how else is a girl supposed to know you 're well endowed ? 
  i mean some of us have giant dongs and the ladies will miss out if they go with pencildick porsche drivers . 
  i mean 4 inches is big , right , right ? 
  pics or it did n't happen, 
  france has guyanne that could be used as an offshore storage for problem people, 
  true . 
  then again what used to be a horrible day today will be a normal day tomorrow , and what was an exceptional heat wave will be called `` summer '' . 
  giant migrations like the rehearsal we saw in september 2015 are not `` it 's too hot , let 's go to a better weather '' . 
  drought in syria coupled with overpopulation led to the destitution of scores of farmers who migrated to the cities which led to a revolution and a civil war . 
  these refugees then looked at a map and picked a non-shitty area . 
  green and wealthy northern europe . 
  there will be many many more of these migrations in the future , either a constant flow ( libya to italy ) or burst of exoduses like the one in 2015 . 
  ultimately this will participate into the greatest migration in human history . 
  get ready for more populism/nationalism/fascism, 
  no question . 
  i tried summerlin for 2 weeks at a friend 's and it was absolutely soul-crushing . 
  some people love suburbia , based on the huge number of people who live there . 
  the funny thing is that some areas close to the strip used to be the suburbia of the 1960s . 
  like paradise palms around the lv national golf course . 
  it 's an established community with a mix of old timers and mcm lovers . 
  living around fse is like living in a zoo . 
  but i like tony hsieh 's project for the new downtown ( the non covered part of fremont starting from lvb going for 3 blocks ) . 
  new eateries , a cooler vibe . 
  be aware that in these areas there are islands of coolness separated by vast oceans of blah . 
  i always thought yemen as a small nation population wise . 
  1m seemed a large number . 
  nope , yemen population grew from 4.3 m in 1950 to 24m today . 
  this is nuts . 
  `` access to health services '' this is a war and the reason this epidemic was started . 
  when basic services are bombed out you will crap whereever you can and collect your water wherever you can . 
  then you 're sick but can not get proper care . 
  you live with the general population which in turn gets infected, 
  worked for me !, 
  but then you 'd be removed from the gene pool and contribute to the low peanut allergy rate india enjoys ... 
  also you come in and say `` bonjour '' but when you leave you can say `` bonne journee '' . 
  weirdest thing . 
  it 's the same thing but you do not swap them . 
  the weak chin syndrome, 
  plenty of space . 
  it would n't take much land . 
  maybe recycling l'\u00eele du diable ? 
  the princess bride, 
  making first respondent 's job more interesting . 
  foot here , foot there , slice of thigh on a rock , etc. . . 
  it 's like a treasure hunt, 
  good in the sack and all the milk you 'll ever need, 
  bonjour also means `` good day '' which is roughly the same . 
  bob l'\u00e9ponge in french, 
  oh the infamous organic glue scrapbook, 
  this time it 's different , 
  you misspelled republican, 
  i have a fetish with bubble bots . 
  nice round plumpy bubble bots . 
  nope . 
  someone will randomly gild this comment, 
  same thing . 
  i lost my job after sept 11 but did n't have a lot ofnskin in the game . 
  today i have too much too lose myself and the orange one is dicking around playing a president on tv . 
  totally republican assholes in truth objectively russians, 
  the 51 % are too busy shouting benghazi or buttery males to think about russia . 
  more precisely the ground zero for how/why the entire trump campaign managed to become essentially a putin puppet . 
  the manchild in chief is reported to have soiled his undies while reading the news . 
  taxpayer money well spent !, 
  and romneycare was kinda ok too, 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ?
