  someone probably asked him how he could live with himself knowing he was killing vets like himself with cancer who would lose insurance . 
  he got his conscience and himanity back . 
  but then what if he decides he 'll never say goodbye ? 
  to jail for eternity, 
  at some point being bullied by the orange one means you are a worthy human . 
  the gop waited way too long to start opening their eyes . 
  they are forever tainted . 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  in trump talk , `` very big '' means 4.5 '', 
  he 's too stupid to read the writing on the wall . 
  pas simple \u00e0 faire l\u00e9galement . 
  contacte le consul local . 
  ( i am a french-american now living in france who has managed to work remotely for a us company ), 
  al capone was caught on the taxes he did n't pay for his illegal income, 
  trump will be impeached for obstruction of justice, 
  or trumpster fire, 
  followed by / r/toastme, 
  could he have a dead man switch that would be programmed to drain the bitcoins in case he is in trouble . 
  this is how i would do it : a process starts every 5 or 8 or 12 hours or whatever . 
  it checks something that you only can set up . 
  like a message , a file , etc. . . 
  if this `` thing '' is not present the code would trigger the `` panic '' button . 
  if everything is safe then no panic button and you reset the process for the next cycle . 
  oh the mystery of the vanishing blowjob, 
  yes , but someone who can prove trump is grossly incompetent has a duty to tell it to the american people, 
  yes but we are at the very end of the rationalizing, 
  that 's deep alright, 
  2 things : 1 - maps , 2 - guide, 
  both refer to each other but they are not the same thing, 
  je reste en non pro officiellement, 
  well , he did vote a few times for the repeal of the aca before he found his balls back, 
  there was official treason during the cold war yet few wars were declared . 
  for instance the rosenbergs who were executed for espionage though not officially treason . 
  what a giant pile of stinking manure fox news has become, 
  someone is having fun feeding material to the press . 
  mooch planning a comeback ? 
  let 's give him a generous serving of this humble pie !, 
  link for the secret service ? 
  hard to follow . 
  it 's overwhelming , 
  got it a week ago . 
  yeah i am slow . 
  trumpster fire, 
  even the mooch cancelled his big manwhore announcement . 
  too much smoke coming out of the trumpster fire, 
  putting the gop in gopnik, 
  nice way to treat the people who will take a bullet for you, 
  sorry but now we have 2 jareds . 
  you 'll have to be more specific, 
  * slides into plastic poncho *, 
  had a gf who had around 50 fairly big moles all over her body , most with hair . 
  none on her face or hands . 
  she wore very sexy turtlenecks . 
  she was overcompensating with sports and developed the most sensual well proportioned body i have ever seen . 
  perfect butt cheeks . 
  perfectly toned and plump breasts . 
  perfect neck curve . 
  perfect tummy . 
  perfect back curve . 
  perfect roundly firm legs . 
  she was smoking hot and was smart enough to go overboard and get too skinny like some health nuts i have seen who start sports to become more attractive and end up being eaten alive by sports tongue point they 're not sexy anymore . 
  probably a problem with committing posts to the database . 
  they probably have a backlog but can not have the select queries being locked by pending udates/delete/insert then they 'll just display whatever is commited . 
  i want to see him rot in prison, 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  tu fatigues , tu tombes , on te pi\u00e9tine, 
  either it 's an accomplice or a dead man 's switch, 
  \u00c7a facilite leur business . 
  si , car on a les leaders qu'on m\u00e9rite . 
  take on meeeee, 
  bon ben \u00e0 plus, 
  follow the money ... 
  en plus \u00e7a permet de transformer l'europe en utopie alter-mondialiste . 
  une injustice ? 
  most likely you 'd make a splash and get into the lava by a minimum of 3 or 4 inches ( falling flat ) or 3 feet ( straight ) . 
  but bouncing off would be limited by viscosity . 
  you could slide and splash molten lava all over you . 
  in any case at these temperatures of many 1000s of degrees you 'll burn off before you can plan for an exit strategy . 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  they 're not realizing that after `` winning '' there 's governing . 
  and they have no clue how . 
  trump is projecting again . 
  the beatings will continue until morale improves . 
  did you run it through the translator already , boris ? 
  trump is probably preparing his pardon and welcome package for a new press secretary, 
  you can not expect russians to know the entire us constitution on the first day at their job . 
  where 's eva savalot these days ? 
  still kicking ass ? 
  nope . 
  all i hear is sighs and chuckles, 
  rt news is not that reliable, 
  20 years ago the beach i go to used to be mostly topless . 
  today its way less common . 
  people are self-policing , not wanting to offend anyone or more precisely having dirty looks . 
  wild guess : none of the trump family geniuses are on the purge list . 
  the timeless quality consistency of the effects on the entire star wars saga makes me believe these are actual historical documents, 
  when looking for a house 4 years ago i found my dream home . 
  1/2 acre of land , 3000sf perfect condition . 
  direct access to water , a building around the solar heated pool .
