  3 ) people admiring him, 
  plus germans are making it their preferred invasion spot . 
  yup . 
  everything had to be coherent in the new bizarro world . 
  that one cuts too deep . 
  this looks like a heavy-handed manipulation . 
  the mooch knows trump is confused and cornered , not knowing who to trust . 
  fabricate a controversy and place `` trump and me against the world '' to be the `` child in chief '' 's best bud . 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  did trump talk out of his ass again or is he trying to change the subject for the 29th time ? 
  that 's almost eighty times, 
  lpt : the gold band 's value is also a social construct . 
  we decided that gold was valuable due to some odd physical properties before we found actual useful applications for it . 
  but gold being a storage of value ? 
  totally cultural and historical . 
  that was rock bottom . 
  the rest is just wading through the mud . 
  when gorillas want to assert dominance they will take a big piece of a tree and thomp the ground with it, 
  exhibit a, 
  undrain the swamp ? 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  the entire wh is engulfed into a trumpster fire . 
  the gop is the party of heartless spineless cowards . 
  nothing out of character so far . 
  if i were serving a shit sandwich to someone ordering a fillet mignon , i would keep the lid on the thing as long as possible . 
  hey , maybe he wo n't notice !, 
  this is how the segway was invented . 
  once the static balancing wheel system was invented for the wheelchair the tech was there for the it, 
  there is a drive by shooting and the bullet landed in your neighbour 's house . 
  still something to give you the chills, 
  well , bannon had his mouth full, 
  that 's what my grandpa said to grandma right before she let go . 
  what a horrible week for the god/emperor , 
  followed by crazy tweets . 
  followed by damage control . 
  nobody 's got time for that shit . 
  fox and friends , and probably some morning joe, 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  there is no show on cable or broadcast today that can match what is currently unravelling in dc right now . 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  lol . 
  best week since november for many of us is n't it ? 
  best week of all will be when djt calls it quits . 
  and hillary !, 
  lock ` er up !, 
  lock ` er up !, 
  because he knows he is more feared than loved . 
  mr insecure is a snowflake . 
  colour me shocked . 
  a fool with a rocket launcher should be feared . 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  a baboon playing with his feces can be mocked . 
  but a baboon playing with a rocket launcher has to be feared . 
  maybe he understood which is the real party of christian values is . 
  compassion , selflessness , generosity . 
  not gop values . 
  now that 's ironic for supporting one of the most morally corrupt person in the country . 
  it 's all about race, 
  irl obama and biden are still more presidential today that trump or pence . 
  millionaires hanging out with the poor and singing . 
  what 's not to love ? 
  you need a hug . 
  most of this is awesome . 
  name checks out yadayadayada . 
  is this like playing today 's music on 8-track or something ? 
  you 're going too far there, 
  not necessarily . 
  if they manage to reach a critical mass the others will keep playing catchup . 
  i would love to see 2025 having a term like `` the big 4 '' where tesla would play equals to gm , mopar and ford, 
  yes but that 's the zone they gave the tourists . 
  try out a few months in la , vb and sm to have a taste of the real hollywood life . 
  he 's literally the mulligan man . 
  i want a mulligan !!, 
  you were probably asleep these past 35 years . 
  wrong . 
  poor whites will use religion as an excuse to favor white leaning candidates . 
  they will even vote against their own interest , being vocal about going back in time when they did n't have to compete with minorities . 
  republicans play into that , gerrymandering anywhere they can to `` secure '' white areas in the face of diminishing white influence . 
  if `` religious '' whites wanted to be true to the new testament , they would be voting democrat . 
  but they were sold the package of the religious right and the main selling point is race . 
  next up : real estate pseudo-mogul and how he conned his way to the white house . 
  abortion is a proxy for the fear of a dying race . 
  in france for instance the fascist party `` front national '' close to trump is actually making the explicit case that abortion and immigration are two sides of the same medal . 
  the `` great replacement '' theory/conspiracy . 
  aside from being racist , the fn is rather center-left economically and socially , the religious right is not prevalent in their ranks , mostly due to the inherent atheism of most of the french . 
  they do not care that much about the gay cause as well . 
  i even have gay friends who vote fn . 
  i vote in both countries and know the intricacies of both conservatisms/fascist tendencies . 
  there are parallels and differences . 
  my experience with ultra conservatives in the us is of a movement that will never admit racism since it 's still a moral no-no . 
  there are many skeletons buried in those closets and i believe they are all connected to a yearning to the `` good old days '' of before the sexual/racial revolution . 
  it 's their great white hope .
