  was a homecoming queen . 
  got into a shitty marriage with a contractors . 
  got divorced and hung out with younger but less pretty girls . 
  all her jobs involved impeccable presentation . 
  she ended up as a wrinkled realtor in an upscale community in southern california . 
  and she drove a navigator . 
  2 days ago sources said trump was looking for dirt on the prosecutors . 
  this is all they could find . 
  failing . 
  transparent and yet so malodorant . 
  the voice of their master . 
  how do you say desperate in russian ? 
  and all they got is this nothing burger . 
  obamacare saved 1000s of lives a year . 
  anyone voting to repeal or starve it is a virtual murderer . 
  paul krugman nails it . 
  while we 're all looking at the treason-related trumpster fire , the gop does what it does best : take from the many to give to the few . 
  in that case : somewhat accessible health care will e taken away from millions for a few to pocket extra dividends . 
  and people will die , unlike the fantasy death panels . 
  `` proved '' . 
  i do n't think trump really knows what that word really means . 
  kushner mainly `` told '' . 
  2 thumbs ? 
  you are hired !, 
  he probably had a chat with him . 
  medicaid is perceived as an aid to minorities but it actually helps a ton of trump voters . 
  they want to look strong on tv while not hurting too much the people who could vote for them in 2018 . 
  republicans are not very smart . 
  rand paul votes no because it does n't fit his `` everyone for himself '' crazy theory . 
  also remember that hitler was exploiting a new medium . 
  hearing a distant voice on a box was magic and that helped prop up loudmouths haters like mussolini and hitler . 
  remember when people were glued to aol ? 
  geocities ? 
  in retrospect they were really poor in content and unappealing . 
  but as presented on a new ( and magic ) medium they did get a ton of exposure . 
  tl ; dr : for hitler ( and mussolini ) the medium mattered as much as the orator . 
  lock him up !, 
  it happened in cap d'agde . 
  anytime sometimes visits me and asks about cool stuff to do for the kids i show them this video . 
  fun times . 
  gop is confirmed as russian puppets . 
  they killed their future credibility with the `` you wo n't believe what # 19 is !!!, 
  fox news . 
  all day . 
  every day . 
  as long as you cut them and bury them fast enough . 
  heck they could be left to dry in a corner of the namib or atacama deserts . 
  transport the trees where they can not rot . 
  the driest deserts like namib , sahara , atacama , gobi, 
  it would but for oil that can be exploited in millions of years . 
  we have been burning oil for ~ 150 years . 
  there is a scale issue . 
  putting carbon into the ground like wood chips ? 
  understatement of the year, 
  they do not love you . 
  they want to strike it rich in one of your scams . 
  relevant username, 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  if they say it that has to be true !, 
  aka the brown nose dinner, 
  a holy book thumping hypocrite ? 
  and not a republican ? 
  oh my this wh leaks like my first subaru, 
  what 's a pocket-veto ? 
  many outbacks have a gasket seal issue ... 
  that 's not how this works . 
  that 's not how any of this works . 
  yet 90 % of the power of the scene is the set-up . 
  joachim phoenix cranks up the expectation , the kids bring the noise and phoenix seals the deal with his perfect reaction . 
  otherwise it 's just a skinny guy in a suit . 
  true . 
  plus it would help with keeping water in the soil . 
  all these guys are so out of their depth . 
  they should stay in their easy life bubbles and let the adults take care of the real business . 
  i guess this answers the 30-year question on whether you can run a country like a business . 
  another question was whether a rich guy was inherently more intelligent than a career politician . 
  documents but not the genuine kind . 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  trump typically gets his underlings to fight for his attention . 
  but what works in the business world ( people one-upping each other ) fails miserably on the political scene . 
  want poor morale and widespread leaks ? 
  play grown ups against each other on the most visible scene on the planet . 
  somewhere there is an alien civilization on a dying planet looking at us waiting for us to self-eliminate before grabbing our juicy beautiful blue oddity . 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  that guy still has a good 2 inches of brown stuff on his nose from the kushner hearings . 
  we are billion year old caaaaarbon, 
  french empire : * cough *, 
  how is the original video still up ? 
  are n't there laws for that ? 
  100 % with you there . 
  hence my use of `` inherently '' . 
  it implies that people with very high net worth would be by nature more intelligent . 
  of course the top billionaire list is full of mensa-grade geniuses ( gates , bezos , ellison , brin , page , zuckerberg , buffett , and these are only the americans ) but others inherited their fortunes ( like the waltons ) . 
  that 's one large backyard you have here , mr leopold . 
  that is an entire chunk of youporn i can not wait to discover . 
  before is was mexican it was spanish and since spain was occupied by france during napoleon 's empire , all your bases are belong to us, 
  wrong . 
  he likes, 
  1 ) himself, 
  2 ) petty revenge,
