  so much for christian values . 
  the orange one is failing at virtually all 10 commendment . 
  loaded question . 
  there is no right answer to that one . 
  we had a problem 9 months ago . 
  now we have a crisis . 
  the kims are not sick . 
  they are consciously misleading as a standard m.o. 
  of a ruthless dictatorship . 
  trump is a child or a senile adult . 
  when he lies he says `` his people '' . 
  otherwise he would have been a tad more specific . 
  fox helped out a pathological liar in the wh . 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  edit : virgule . 
  on est sur air france bordel, 
  like dick for richard makes sense ? 
  asked about miss universe pageant in russia , he totally confused timelines and then ends his response with `` i have nothing to do with russia '' . 
  he is confused about time . 
  he loses focus on the question and says whatever was in his mind when he heard the word russia . 
  rule # 1 : do n't trust a republican, 
  first they need to help remove agent orange from the wh , then we can talk, 
  tu as un lien ? 
  non les stocks options n'incitent pas au meme comportement . 
  sanders : we 're reducing the sodium content of our chicken wings batter to make american people healthier . 
  you meant `` botload '' , right ? 
  that 's the bs talk that 's documented . 
  just imagine the amount of self-agrandization that occurs away from the public eye . 
  for trump the endgame was winning the election , no matter what . 
  it was never about governing ( incompetent ) or actually be legitimate ( probably cheated ) . 
  based on the findings , trump might be :, 
  - a traitor to america, 
  - the leader of a deeply corrupt money laundering organization, 
  - illegitimate, 
  - senile and grossly incompetent, 
  - setting up the stage for a giant theft of public funds ( look at his buddy putin ), 
  but yeah , let 's move on like nothing happened . 
  what if you were in a bus and you learned that the driver is a confirmed current drug addict with a history of violence . 
  you know he is currently high and shows signs of instability while driving . 
  you and your family are in that bus . 
  what do you do ? 
  no biggie ? . 
  the question is how many are actually american . 
  a few months back , / r/the _ russians asked their members to sign an online petition . 
  it gathered a massive ... 1000 signatures . 
  they look big , but many of the upvotes are either a `` duty '' of a centipede to click away or russian `` likes farm '' job or simply bots . 
  no , you 're the bot !, 
  your man keeps lying again and again . 
  if he looks guilty as fuck and keeps behaving as if he were guilty as fuck , what does that tell you ? 
  one thing i am certain is that if hillary clinton or obama had done just one % of what trump has actually done , the biggots at / r/the _ russians would be having a collective orgasm . 
  i had my people , the best people , go to moscow to get his birth certificate . 
  and they were successful . 
  i mean they succeeded at going to moscow . 
  they sent me pictures . 
  great city . 
  ca n't wait to go there again they have the best suites anf the view of the kremlin is incredible . 
  but i did n't have anything to do with russia . 
  it 's all a covfefe . 
  a shameless covfefe . 
  tremendous leader putin . 
  what does it feel to see your world crumble under your eyes . 
  the truth is coming out . 
  ~ ~ you must be fun at parties ~ ~, 
  wait , i just saw you were a foreign agent . 
  not wasting my time . 
  i did that to a chinese tourist at le louvre in paris a few months back . 
  he wanted a pic of the victoire de samothrace with him at the front . 
  out of 4 there are 2 of me and my gf making faces . 
  time for the pee pee tape to be released, 
  they already pardoned their paedophile wonder boy milo whatchamacallit, 
  this is confusing . 
  1 ) you ca n't talk to people who demonize trump ( i assume i would be one of these people ) and 2 ) you are talking to me ? 
  i understand it 's just a figure of speech , but i chuckled . 
  seriously , if you still believe trump is a honest , candid , disinterested and decent human being , you have n't been paying attention . 
  he betrays , he bullies , he belittles , he lies . 
  one day he tried to date penelope cruz who answered hell no . 
  he then proceeded with spreading the rumour penelope cruz came on to him but that he was n't interested because she was too short . 
  now that would be anecdotal but this crude idiot is our potus . 
  just lurked quickly at your recent posts . 
  you 're looking for fights . 
  what is your problem ? 
  complete outlier, 
  even better : make a system that sorts your recyclable plastics and get this recycled plastic in form for raw 3d printing material . 
  someone starts a fight , i need to know if it 's someone with actual arguments or just a random idiot with anger issues . 
  i have been on the interwebs for 22 years and hate people who waste my time . 
  first thing i thought too . 
  it 's actually much more impressive from down below because altitude kinda shrinks the giant dunes, 
  or it will land in a tribe of bushmen and starts a hilarious movie . 
  war horse was not too boring though . 
  we need spielberg . 
  fair enough . 
  i would watch a version of the taxis de la marne , except period uniforms are not the sexiest ones at the onset of the war . 
  individual pods will one day allow actual individual transportation . 
  say you 're in pomona and want to go to walnut creek . 
  a local station welcomes you , you get in the pod and after a few minutes you 're seamlessly thrown into the branch to reach the backbone that does the la area to the bay area . 
  then around san jose you branch out east to the east bay and get to actual walnut creek . 
  this means optimization of usage of the tracks , not being bound to a fixed schedule . 
  you are sharing the tracks with other users with different point of origins and destination . 
  a little like ip packets . 
  it 's on demand individual transportation without entering a giant structure .
