  i am certain poor whites who vote for rand paul do n't understand he will throw them under the bus in the process . 
  better not get sick !, 
  plus all these documents are the actual nothing burger, 
  now that is an actual nothing burger . 
  there 's nothing on hillary . 
  just the smell of centipedes desperation . 
  la raison ? 
  oui mais au vu du succ\u00e8s du populisme , l'europe a atteint la saturation . 
  best . 
  bungled , per jr. 
  but did he really get `` a nothing '' in this collusion ? 
  what if other shady things had happened during this meeting ? 
  jr has managed to shape opinion by making a supposedly clumsy and incriminating disclosure and looks stupid and naive . 
  what if he 's guilty of much much more and is using the `` i am an idiot '' defense to get away with it ? 
  or the other thing could be the assurance a certain money laundering lawsuit would be dropped . 
  and then that the kid does n't even look like him . 
  that guy does n't have any real friends, 
  helium can be found in most party stores . 
  ~ ~ hydrogen ~ ~ nitrogen is more a professional thing . 
  or your god/emperor is simply rotten , stupid and destroys everything he touches . 
  what a year it was . 
  wait . 
  july only ? 
  deadline on the kompromat must be pretty close ... 
  your god emperor is in town . 
  the smell of fear is everywhere ever since he landed yesterday . 
  attention aux effets pervers . 
  the preferred choice of population control on this planet is migration . 
  dear lord, 
  hey you lost this : \\ \\, 
  education takes out smart people out of the equation . 
  they reproduce less and get outnumbered by people who reproduce more . 
  then some the kids of these people hopefully get educated , rinse , repeat . 
  in the mean time the population has increased and some people just ca n't make a decent life for themselves . 
  they decide to move where there is land , food , jobs . 
  `` victime '' ? 
  be aware that time can do and undo things . 
  one day you could have a very different policy based on what the constituents decide . 
  check, 
  the numbers date from 2009 but it appears australia has 1 migrant per 2 births . 
  on continue \u00e0 infantiliser les africains . 
  the proof is in the pudding as they say . 
  potential difficulties :, 
  1 - people who will decide not to apply for refugee status and decide to stay illegal , throwing away their passports . 
  where do you send them back ? 
  2 - families who have a kid while on french territory waiting for a decision . 
  the kid is french , giving papers to the migrants . 
  3 - kids of migrants in the school system . 
  how do you extract them from their new lives without creating a massive outcry ? 
  4 - physical deportation is more easily said than done . 
  migrants are instructed by lawyers and militants to make a fuss to force authorities to be rough , providing juicy stories/footage of `` racist violence '' . 
  5 - countries of origin who refuse to take them back . 
  they 're poor and probably overcrowded . 
  an immigrant is one less person to feed and he will send money home . 
  they want us to keep them . 
  macron is a moderate . 
  he thinks he can do better than others before him . 
  i wish him luck . 
  shia smearing the sunni using the qatari, 
  not much future for unskilled labour indeed . 
  a more general goal could have been to destroy the image that american democracy has all other the world . 
  by letting the trumpster fire make its slow and toxic burn , putin can go back to its constituents and say `` this democracy you 're talking about is too random . 
  you can elect a fool and your country becomes a pile of misery '' . 
  the same applies to other `` elected '' autocrats like erdogan who has also been very vocal against western styled democracy , saying it was obsolete . 
  i also grew up as poor and my ex as well . 
  we both got success in our jobs but never spent more than 1/2 of our incomes overall . 
  the rest was used to build security ( real estate mostly ) which turned out to be a great way to build wealth . 
  20 years and a few millions later , divorced . 
  she sits on 1/2 our pile while still living a very conservative life . 
  i spent the past 6 months exploring nice hotels , nice restaurants , nice cities , nice islands and so on . 
  i have burned through around 2.5 % of my stash . 
  now at first i had to retrain myself on how to say `` yes '' to things . 
  like staying in a 5 star hotel in london and deciding to stay longer because the new gf and i loved staying there . 
  yes money buys happiness . 
  yet we got the roosevelts , ike , jfk , lincoln , the adams , bho , etc , etc , elected through that process . 
  the issue is that there is a systemic issue due to shifting demographics that is clouding the judgement of a portion of the electorate . 
  republican 's innuendos on the loss of power of the white majority makes the people threatened by non-whites rising power think they have to wall themselves into an impregnable fortress . 
  gerrymandering is essentially a locking of white republican power to contain minorities ambitions and demands . 
  they are already diverting the election system to hold on to power longer than natural and their only hope is a demographic reversal triggered by `` christian values '' natalist side effects ( no sex-ed , no abortions ) . 
  home, 
  rule 16 : post ball crushing fact about wife , get minor std in return, 
  trump does n't have any reliable uninterested friends and he often flows with whatever the people he `` trusts '' will tell him . 
  right now his best friend happens to be `` fox & friends '' ( lord save us ) . 
  making a friend of trump * could * be a smart move . 
  it could freshen up the air that surrounds him . 
  i personally would like this pompous simpleton to be impeached and tried for utter incompetence and malevolence , but until that day we need him to stay calm and harmless . 
  or do n't bother talking to serb thugs . 
  serbia is a russian settlement in the middle of the eu, 
  this phrase does n't mean anything . 
  1 ) saved . 
  what does it mean ? 
  against what ? 
  immigrants ? 
  terrorism ? 
  none of these were actually addressed . 
  the wall is shrinking day after day , the muslim ban does n't address the actual origins of islamist terror ( wahabbism ) and now trump is cuddling with iran and syria . 
  2 ) or do you mean `` saved '' in the religious sense ? 
  for someone who seems to collect all deadly sins like trophies , you 're betting on the wrong horse . 
  3 ) the country he seems to love more is located between belarus , the arctic sea and the kamtchatka peninsula . 
  trump does n't care about america .
