  how does it fail ? 
  without the support of non alt-right republicans , many of potential trump candidates will not make it in 2018 . 
  this is the lesson of the week , i think . 
  the `` t '' word seems appropriate here . 
  la question , c'est si poutou va tenir le coup . 
  go away or provide some argument, 
  traitors in the house, 
  there is so much material available , the key word is prioritize, 
  sputnik news . 
  basically a mass-scale bullshit producer . 
  range on the remote was too weak . 
  they have to get closer . 
  la machine \u00e0 perdre socialiste fonctionne \u00e0 plein . 
  avant de prendre la photo j' ai vraiment cru \u00e0 un meeting anti-hamon ... 
  long tr\u00e8s long naufrage, 
  lol, 
  some people have nice bold head and some people do not . 
  square vs round . 
  proportions between forehead and skull . 
  bumps , skin quality . 
  when they turned 30 some of my friends started losing hair . 
  a few ones went for the shaved look . 
  others sucked it up and are still delaying the inevitable ... 
  mais \u00e7a n ' a rieeeen \u00e0 voiiiiir / s, 
  le capitalisme !, 
  le martyre de saint-francois-des-assises . 
  the water was cold !, 
  * james woods *, 
  sigh, 
  gratos, 
  i heard france was going to fill in the tunnel with all the leftover bonne maman marmalade they wo n't be be able to sell you guys . 
  hotel california is actually a metaphor for drug addiction . 
  - check out = die . 
  - leave = get rid of drugs, 
  source : my friend steve, 
  one day he had joe walsh at one of his parties , prior to him getting clean . 
  finishing up the liquor cabinet in a corner . 
  sorry you 've lost that too, 
  un bisou du type qui pue la poisse ? 
  haut la main . 
  bye now, 
  on est en 2017 . 
  ou se faire tailler un short . 
  he will never get the recognition he craves , especially not by being surrounded by sycophants . 
  but at the same time he is so insecure he is afraid of rejection and surrounds himself with sycophants . 
  he is not a smart man . 
  well he is president and you 're not ( long awkward silly douche giggle ), 
  could we project him back to mar-a-loser ? 
  like permanently ? 
  the funny thing in all of this is that he does read some of the nyt , and by implicitly saying so he incites people to read it , helping the nyt to look as the leading source in untainted news . 
  or they 're up because subscriptions are up, 
  one day they 'll make a movie of him in the style of citizen kane except with slapstick comedy and will ferrell style debauchery, 
  working in construction does n't prevent you from being conned into a new age fad, 
  a co-worker was terrified of rape and would poo in garbage bins when working after hours on her own . 
  she 's from india and would n't take her poo to the loo . 
  my boss set up video cameras to figure what was going on . 
  there 's a video of her somewhere . 
  yes she is hot . 
  the madness of king donald, 
  old school with a wig, 
  florida is america 's appendix . 
  what else is it there for ? 
  also a giant smelly sweatlodge for granny, 
  fighting a russian bear and ending up spooning with the beast, 
  who cares about stealing money when you can steal an entire country . 
  except every historical moment he stumbles upon ends in utter clusterfuck, 
  or course the manchildian candidate, 
  trump fiction, 
  the thin red lie, 
  cultural differences can be fucked up, 
  keep dreaming, 
  someone needs my services ? 
  38 years i have been waiting for this moment . 
  i could cry right now . 
  reading through the comments, 
  for 1953 this was extremely racey . 
  plus you have to consider that there was hair and you could not possibly consider showing even one trace of hair . 
  what a giant wasteland she has laid behind her . 
  ship them to the uk and let the brits deal with their own cowardice . 
  you do n't want migrants ? 
  send them back yourself . 
  and do not make your country a magnet in the first place . 
  they are not your fellow country men anymore . 
  they have put a russian plant at the white house . 
  never forget . 
  never forgive . 
  thread probably brigaded by t_d, 
  clemenceau was a larger-than-life politician . 
  probably in par with teddy roosevelt, 
  it 's not like the 3rd world is using gb as a gateway into the eu . 
  understand the eu must protect its border better , but the calais agreement is unfair and should be discarded . 
  as a frenchman who did his career in the silicon valley , yes this is a reality . 
  we have lots of very educated talent but many choose to be expat and live their dream outside of their country . 
  we mostly all return one day though ... 
  france ca n't else it gets out of schengen . 
  but the brits have all freedom . 
  they 're just too scared to look racist and chose to vent their frustration by voting for brexit . 
  actually not . 
  people will ask for asylum and can stay until they get rejected . 
  most will still stay .
