  italy, 
  good riddance . 
  we 're sending them your way . 
  just like what italy did with us . 
  and how do you reach for the clit ? 
  soft release . 
  on debuggera au fur et \u00e0 mesure, 
  or go home if they are uncomfortable with living in the land of the grandchildren of nazism . 
  bug . 
  montage ? 
  fillon \u00e9tait un premier ministre mais n'avait pas la carrure internationale de dsk qui \u00e9tait au fmi . 
  on s ` an fout, 
  si tu attends juin la version usb - c rendra ton edriseur obsol\u00e8te . 
  definitely a very bold post-feminist statement . 
  but who are we to judge their culture ? 
  pris \u00e0 red rock canyon \u00e0 c\u00f4t\u00e9 de las vegas . 
  and there 's my niece who gave up science to pursue a dead end artsy field . 
  or the daughter of a good friend who 's 34 and crying every day at how she 'll never a proper life . 
  for one guy who finishes a marathon there are 20 who could n't even participate because their bodies said no . 
  as they said , ymmv, 
  putinbots in damage control right now, 
  even as a guy i would push a baby out just for the sake of making that doctor happy . 
  except it 's not working . 
  they do not understand the subtleties of french language let alone politics . 
  for instance `` pedes '' means fa ** got in french . 
  awkward discussions ensue ... 
  100 % d'accord, 
  they do . 
  and france has its share of people showing up and lining up for residency . 
  but the issue is that the french are very restrictive on job permits and it 's harder to melt into a parallel society and actually make a living . 
  smells like teen spirit, 
  so meta, 
  `` refugees welcome '' is an easy thing to say when it 's done with other people 's money . 
  good enough for me . 
  jetemelanchonjusqualagarde, 
  on est \u00e0 un moment crucial . 
  inimaginable . 
  and the post did start with `` what about '' , lol . 
  what about if you lived next to 2 paedophiles ? 
  would you only snitch on one based on their ethnic origin ? 
  11 minutes and no news of op . 
  no he actually went to the paleo which is the flintstone version of the palio . 
  the best bologna i had was in mead, 
  this guy farts, 
  it 's a big big place and the part we can reach is so fucking tiny that getting anything meaningful is unlikely in our lifetimes . 
  but we need to keep searching , going out , going further, 
  probably less to be honest, 
  not with this attitude, 
  on the list of things you do not see every day while in a plane :, 
  - watching fellow passenger beaten up and dragged away, 
  - being stung by a scorpion, 
  come on united !, 
  the month is young !, 
  rentals and real estate investment in general . 
  collecting rent is rather passive while if you do it right appreciation also works wonders for wealth building . 
  i had petite women walk out on me twice . 
  it just would n't fit . 
  i started in the mid 90s with virtually nothing . 
  it 's possible but it takes hard work at the beginning . 
  i bought total dumps where nobody wanted to live . 
  this was paris in the 90s and much much cheaper than today . 
  i put a lot of sweat in these places . 
  also i have a good paying job which helps to borrow . 
  last i managed to connect with a banker who had a lot of leeway in terms of creative financing . 
  it 's not money for nothing . 
  but once you 've started and understood how things work and how the cycles work it gets easier until it works for you . 
  it took 15 years though . 
  worked for me, 
  money for nothing is usually not much . 
  therefore the `` rather passive '' . 
  i am not smart enough to get money for nothing . 
  i am getting money for a ton of work then a little work here and there . 
  i have owned 14 rental properties over 20 years or so . 
  i had 40 + tenants + a good 30 corporate tenants ( 1 to 6 months ) and dozens of airbnb guests . 
  i had to kick 2 tenants out and only once was one my places completely trashed . 
  when i started i did n't think it would turn out as well as it did . 
  timing is everything but also a bit of craziness . 
  it 's like jumping for the first time in the adult section of the swimming pool . 
  yup . 
  as a matter of fact i have never quit my day job because once i started to have success it was all about the critical mass . 
  doubling up , selling some , doubling up again . 
  i am selling now 40 % of my properties again because prices reached a top i think . 
  keeping a paycheck helps borrowing and making bankers happy . 
  spanish single males are the dirtiest laziest tenants you will ever have . 
  they 're essentially grown up babies who need to find a wife to replace their mom . 
  a friend of mine who dated a few confirms this is a common trait among them . 
  wtf ? 
  evitable comment ? 
  overcompensating maybe ? 
  5k upvotes . 
  looks like t_d bots are their busy selves, 
  si on en arrive l\u00e0 les tractations vont aller bon train, 
  there is no there , there, 
  hey you never kn ... wait ... saw your handle . 
  nah whisky dicks do n't get laid, 
  ma machine me gratte un peu . 
  ( quietly ignores lowly paesant ), 
  ( gets his balls gobbled by that girlfriend while she gets munched by that guy ), 
  ( still dreams of a time when trains were all on time ), 
  but once in a while we make a purge .
