  also it saves a lot in ridership optimisation . 
  airlines spend a lot of money moving planes and personnel around . 
  sometimes they can not physically deliver and plane tickets get expensive . 
  sometimes they have 1/2 empty planes due to logistical constraints and they have to sell tickets at a loss . 
  on parle des niches fiscales internationales . 
  they even converted the french commandos prior to bringing them to mecca . 
  interesting fallout : saudis tried to assuage the extremists with support and funding of these religious factions . 
  the house of saud bought itself legitimacy over mecca by supporting extremism and terrorism . 
  there we go : a major step towards the current clusterfuck . 
  military giant , midget everything else . 
  basically a larger north korea, 
  simple solutions to complicated problems . 
  let 's hear them again ? 
  spelling error : it spells faux news, 
  donald goldenshowersky, 
  hi there . 
  i used to own a classic convertible with an 8-track player . 
  the previous owner gave me 3 cases of 60s and 70s music . 
  in many cases the tapes had a shitty foam pad that had liquefied with time . 
  i replaced the pads with [ this ] ( http://www.homedepot.com/p/frost-king-e-o-5-16-in-x-1-4-in-x-17-ft-white-epdm-cellular-rubber-weatherstrip-tape-v25wa/100017014 ) weatherstripping tape . 
  the paper that protects the sticky part has to be kept since it is exactly the right kind of smooth for your tapes . 
  that 's the part you want touching the tape . 
  no need to glue anything . 
  if your tape is broken , try to salvage the silver paper part and reglye the tape together . 
  both are standard repairs and can be done by pulling the tape apart . 
  on se cotise ? 
  faux news strikes again, 
  before trump was elected all of this was fairly discreet . 
  now the trump businesses are exposed to the sun for everyone to see . 
  on one hand they want to restrict legal immigration and on the other they are offering schemes to sell immigration visas . 
  looks to me they 're trying to corner the market , limiting supply and satisfying the frustrated demand . 
  except of course the chinese jared is bringing in at 500k a pop . 
  air , water , seeds . 
  3 things that should be free . 
  spent almost 2 years there after untag left 27 years ago . 
  there was virtually no tourism yet and everything was absolutely incredible and accessible . 
  on one hand , who cares ? 
  on the other hand , a disgruntled egomaniac who has seen the craziest of chaos should be veeery entertaining . 
  frack ? 
  are we also in caprica ? 
  like fucking asking `` then what should i do ? '', 
  instead he `` fakes it till he makes it '', 
  the delusion is strong with this one, 
  found the welsh, 
  the saan seem to have bean isolated for at least 70000 years . 
  this makes sense . 
  that guy has 10s of mils stashed away . 
  he could be going wild and throw feces around . 
  ama !, 
  if you are a farmer and want corn that is adapted to a special chemical ( like round-up ) , you 'll have to buy your seeds from a specific supplier . 
  everything is kosher so far , but once you do that , you can not take grain from your crop to plant them the next season . 
  seed labs have trademarked the seed ' s specific properties . 
  this means that a farmer will have to buy the seeds from this supplier each and every year . 
  this also means someone who starts a farm can not use these seeds neither . 
  business wise , this is logical . 
  as a moral principle this is reprehensible since they own `` life '' . 
  it 's food . 
  basic elements of food should n't be trademarked because soon you 'll have monopolies and you will not have access to competition . 
  it can go very far from there . 
  private companies could pressure governments because they have leverage , and by principle private companies should n't have more power than people and their governments ... 
  you give him a vote and soon enough he 'll burn your reichstag, 
  100 % d'accord, 
  good thing they escorted mooch out of the wh otherwise it would have been awkward to have these 2 exes still roaming around . 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  funny how `` jared '' last year would be mentioned only next to sex offender jokes . 
  now the jared we all love to hate is this guy . 
  all valid points . 
  but as a private citizen i could also demand that seeds need to be free once harvested . 
  would this kill research ? 
  of course . 
  would we produce less food ? 
  almost certainly . 
  but we are drowning today in an ocean of monoculture . 
  all corn and only very few varieties . 
  if civilization breaks down we will have lost diversity and the food we will grow will be much less due to all the tinkering we have done . 
  businesses are short-sighted by nature and this is ok . 
  but people matter more than business , at least in my moral bubble . 
  fake leak that has been designed to show his candid side . 
  how could such a nice young man be accused of treason ? 
  you have 2 zeros too many . 
  you know jared is gay , right ? 
  je touche en net 2961 $ . 
  voter , asking a politician to protect my rights or precise new ones . 
  problem is corporations have very powerful lobbies and it 's not always a fair fight . 
  about time they started to cook their fish . 
  a bit extreme though . 
  5/7 with rice, 
  the wapo yet again procured a nice little nugget . 
  this wh is leaking more than tony montana 's mansion after the firefight, 
  4 - 2 apparts \u00e0 paris . 
  it looks like nobody is afraid to anger the manchild in chief anymore, 
  he was given the benefit of the doubt and then some . 
  i guess the writing in on the wall ( starts with t and ends with reason ), 
  a brain ? 
  very unlikely . 
  but a conscience and a pair of balls ? 
  members of the gop do n't want to spend the rest of their lives in a de-facto opposition party . 
  hey that would actually work : `` grandiloquent opposition party '' . 
  looks like he needs to go to the burn ward now, 
  yup .
