  yup . 
  the nyt knows trump ca n't see more than a foot ahead of him . 
  they totally got him to say something that will make him look like the sorry simpleton that he is, 
  or maybe it was the 1000s of tourists who planned to visit the tower and could n't . 
  in fast foward, 
  nah , they created their own hell and they have to burn in it . 
  this shows that trump has very few actual friends that also happen to have some sort of competence . 
  he is scraping the bottom of the barrel . 
  requirement # 1 : brown nose . 
  hou have been banned from / r/pyongyang . 
  please proceed to your next friendly reeducation center . 
  it 's not the crime that troubles him , it 's the squealing . 
  hey orange one , if you want to stop the leaks , stop throwing your own people under the bus !, 
  well she did win the popular vote . 
  this amounts to a popularity contest to the manchild-in-chief . 
  he just ca n't get over it . 
  he ca n't really think further than one step ahead . 
  he lost all sense of critical or strategic thinking by watching faux news, 
  what 's amazing is that he is probably restraining himself from posting some more . 
  simply imagine how much time he is spending reading , fuming , bugging his aides . 
  what my boss would say : with all this social media activity , it 's a miracle if he can actually get something done . 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  anyone know the address of the closest dc burn centre ? 
  if you want to understand how brexit and trump happened , look no further than the crazy german behaviour during this refugee crisis . 
  this has awaken a ton of `` silent majority '' folks who suddenly saw one chunk of the leading liberal democracy blinded by its own hubris . 
  suddenly the anti-immigrant voices did n't sound so crazy anymore . 
  what if liberal democracy was really try to wipe out one race through white guilt ? 
  it took just a few 100s of 1000s of votes to swing britain and the us into temporary insanity . 
  they threw away the good with the bad to replace it with 100 % bad . 
  good job merkel . 
  good job germany . 
  projecting much ? 
  the trumpster cheerleaders will all be known in history as `` the brown-nosers '' . 
  yes it is . 
  after the 2007-2009 financial crisis and the massive bailouts there were 2 schools of thinking in the us : 1-keynesian policy . 
  2-austerian policy . 
  obama managed to push for some keynesian push through monetary policy and this gave the obama recovery we are still enjoying to this day . 
  the eu and the uk went for austerity . 
  it failed . 
  supply side economics is a myth . 
  the uk was the first country to apply ayn rand 's incoherent ramblings into policy , followed by reagan and greenspan 's neocon scam job . 
  ever since that time the uk and the us have had similar outcomes and falling outs . 
  i am not the op of the link but reacted to the simplistic counter . 
  yes it 's a us politics sub . 
  but if it was an exclusive club it should be explicit ( like / r/us _ politics ) but it has a generic name since the site is us centric ( like much of the internet ) . 
  no biggie if a brit makes his way in there imho but the reaction tells a lot . 
  rand paul is proving every day to be as incompetent as the rest of the gop . 
  what a pile of junk faux news is . 
  they 've become the pravda of the orange one . 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  medicare for all . 
  period . 
  if you are anti-abortion , are you also for universal affordable healthcare ? 
  because if we are talking about saving lives , there are people who need life saving prevention/treatment after they are born . 
  and everyone for himself , you know , like in the bible / s, 
  compassion to rich sinners , hell for the poor ( sinners and others ), 
  oakland , great white . 
  lol . 
  claiming the moral high ground and voting for basically one of the most immoral and corrupt person on this side of medellin, 
  i got ta buy my popcorn in bulk quantity . 
  this mooch guy is gon na be funnier than spicy . 
  that one is the posterchild of all rhetorical questions . 
  good luck with asking faux news for any kind of accountability . 
  these are dismal numbers . 
  the less popular president in 70 years !, 
  this is how trump makes america weaker and weaker . 
  his stupidity gives everyone and anyone who hates us leverage to recruit . 
  the president should lead by example . 
  be a beacon of hope , honesty , fairness , generosity , coherence , firmness . 
  trump is the opposite of all those values . 
  time the dems started growing a pair . 
  vote those clowns out in 2018 . 
  that 's the only solution . 
  make him speak under oath . 
  only way to get him to say one true thing in all the lies he is selling us . 
  what a lying sack of shit . 
  make him testify under oath . 
  therefore not saying the truth . 
  otherwise why would he ask to not speak under oath . 
  lying to republicans ? 
  trump does it all the time and they seem to be fine with it . 
  that disclosure form must be looking mote and more like that math paper i did in 5th grade . 
  because republicans do not want to offend their god-emperor, 
  his father in law is an attention whore . 
  close enough . 
  republicans are hypocritical bad hombres . 
  that 's a major issue . 
  sessions is still roaming the earth freely, 
  dream on . 
  people with power do not put other people with power in jail because of a tacit agreement you agree to when you get on that level . 
  tit for tat and everyone comes home to their families . 
  filmed in beautiful mendocino . 
  trump surrounds himself with people he can trust . 
  since he trusts russians here we are . 
  very relevant in the trump sphere . 
  first to talk . 
  first to cover his ass . 
  and this guy has security clearance ? 
  i know one .
