  the first 30 years after wwii were dominated by gaulists who participated ( or claimed they did ) in the resistance against germany either on french soil or from abroad . 
  it was a massive overstatement . 
  french communists were sidelined even though they were the major force in that movement on french soil . 
  but both the troubled conditions that triggered their involvement ( after hitler attacked the ussr ) and the post-war struggle for influence helped isolate communists from the glory . 
  not necessarily . 
  true , for one gorgeous diane lane you have 2 melissa mccarthy who are not aging well . 
  i discovered this reality ( divorced american women in paris ) 20 years ago as a young stud . 
  one i knew was a very pretty late-30s photographer from nyc with a big heartbreak and daddy 's trust fund to support her lifestyle . 
  she finally went with an older guy with a big place in the marais . 
  i was kind of the quick fix and he was the long game . 
  225t is the current weight with tin and copper . 
  with gold it would be closer to 400 tons . 
  400 tons is 14million ounces . 
  one ounce is 1200usd . 
  that 's 18 billion usd . 
  that 's not gon na bankrupt america . 
  build it, 
  republican norms are fairly low . 
  serial cheater and piece of shit extraordinaire gingrich is still a respectable figure in the gop . 
  that will tell you everything you need to know about the gop, 
  reality has a very well known liberal bias, 
  countries of origin had their populations multiply by a factor of 4 to 6 since becoming independent . 
  this is the source of poverty and emigrating is a natural choice . 
  now the question is whether these extra people are wanted or even needed in europe . 
  the answer appears to be no . 
  assange still not keeping his side of the bargain on the chelsea manning promise ? 
  plus these emails were a nothing burger . 
  assange sees his dream of global disruption slowly fading away . 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  one can actually run a country and care about its people . 
  thats like 12 % more !, 
  land line ? 
  do you mean a phone that send signal through the ground ? 
  how do they handle rivers ? 
  most revolutionaries end up being tyrants themselves . 
  they always claim they 're in it to free you , but once they get a taste of blood , powder and power many can not resist the call of the dark side . 
  that limo incident was golden . 
  the sharks eating each other, 
  in russia you do n't get a prize . 
  the prize gets you . 
  no wonder nyc and london real estates are so expensive . 
  shady buyers do n't need value , just safety . 
  yup . 
  a true piece of shit, 
  then how does one procure a job in a putin farm ? 
  are there any benefits ? 
  i am more a scotch kind of guy, 
  respectable based on gop norms . 
  he is still an authoritative figure . 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  trump owes a lot of people a lot of things . 
  so much so that no credible lender would ever approach him . 
  he tried . 
  now he is probably scrambling to prevent the kompromat from being released . 
  when that happens putin will have lost his puppet and will be out of bullets . 
  this means the pee-pee tape will be released when trump will fall , sending the entire country into a media-fueled bonfire . 
  i recall the 80s when all graphics had to be performed with ascii . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  including an 8-year old brat in a 71-year old body . 
  gulag makes forget potato . 
  gulag makes lose fingers too . 
  such is life . 
  hypocrite and republican ? 
  next you 'll tell me santa is not real ? 
  single payer or nothing, 
  there is a remote chance that trump had decided to declare war to nk , started the first tweet and in the 8 next minutes changed his mind and looked for another thing to fuck up . 
  she 's an inferior human after all . 
  the weak half of the human race . 
  whereas republicans are proving their hypocrisy each and every minute . 
  but you have a point . 
  and my answer answered to that sarcasm . 
  maybe i should have added a / s as well, 
  people who watch too many mr robot episode and think assange is their saviour . 
  the chinese on the pacific rim are fleeing another threat : risk of the guvt seizing their assets if the party in power decides they do n't like them anymore . 
  they 're flooding many markets to safeguard their cash . 
  `` please keep the government away from my medicare ! '', 
  yes, 
  the entire trump empire is built on marriages of convenience . 
  name checks out ? 
  this wh has become so chaotic none of these guys have time to follow any protocol . 
  distraction , deflection, 
  trump wants to push his anti-obama agenda even if hurts millions in the process . 
  hes one mean motherfucker . 
  montpellier mais sans l'anarchie actuelle . 
  and the mooch . 
  tbh it 's a proposal from the little shit himself . 
  he sees a conman with the power to pardon . 
  that 's all he sees . 
  at this point i 'd say he would fit right in , plus trump would pardon him in a jiffy if he knows how to lick balls the right way . 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe authorities who could think that person was involved in money laundering schemes ? 
  i respect myself a lot and yet i care when someone who speaks for the potus is shady as hell especially when it comes to his net worth . 
  corruption is a big deal for some people . 
  illegal activities like money laundering , acting as a foreign agent should disqualify someone for the biggest jobs on government . 
  i hope there 's a tape, 
  when you are involved in shady business you can stay under the radar for a long time . 
  then you become a public figure and people will start adding 2 +2 and see it does n't fit with the 5 they can see from the mudslinging, 
  lordy i hope there is a tape, 
  as long as you still have a pick up truck, 
  that 's what the hookers said after he instructed them not to pee for 10 hours,
