  the last one apparently . 
  financial aid and race have always been merged into the republican psyche . 
  like the `` welfare queen '' of the gipper which was created out of thin air specifically to sell blacks as a subsidized people to whites so that whites would unite to cut taxes and welfare . 
  the gop created this bogeyman to get tax cuts for the rich , and whites could get a revenge on blacks that they say as undeserving of their tax money . 
  many of the uninsured that got helped under obamacare are seen as being minorities . 
  cancel obamacare so that the `` undeserving '' do n't get subsidies . 
  of course a ton of poor white will suffer ... 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  especially with old kgb boys governing the country ... 
  still waiting for that `` american vernacular medium level '' class ? 
  a call center slave from hyderabad has a good 2 years on you . 
  yeah it 's usually the locking switch . 
  i banged my old washer with my knee before i got a samsung . 
  europe has some weak ass appliances in general . 
  edit : downvoted because ruffled some feathers . 
  well , i appreciate the upvote but i will add the following : obama 's election awoke a lot of lingering fears that whites were losing their grip on the country as well as their dominant position in the world . 
  prior to the end of the cold war , the us represented 40 % percent of the global gdp ( 8.9 t/22 .5 t in 1990 ) today , only 21 % ( 16.8 t/80t ) . 
  obama being black , 1/2 african , a `` globalist elitist '' really shook a large number of people . 
  it was `` happening '' . 
  the world had caught up on america while we were sleeping . 
  yes it is all about race . 
  health care , welfare , taxes . 
  it 's all about containing the change . 
  about slowing down or stopping the inevitable . 
  makes a deal with the devil and whines about the stink of sulphur . 
  bill who ? 
  each brand quality is adjusted to its own market . 
  a us appliance is more often than not the same as a european one , even under the same brand . 
  source : landlord on the 2 continents . 
  i picked a model that i also saw in the us . 
  now there are specificities with us appliances : the usual standard is 30 inches , top loading , 110v . 
  but in that specific place ( us ) i had a 240v wiring front loading and space for 24 inches and had to go with international standard . 
  i got a similar samsung washer in europe . 
  the quality i got in both continents with samsung was pretty consistent . 
  but many brands will only sell us standard equipment in the us , which come with their own standards of sturdiness and finishing . 
  djt : the most trusted source in america / s, 
  yup . 
  i have had lots of tenants in both the us and in france . 
  americans in france are shocked when they move into a place and find there is no fridge or stove or washer !, 
  in paris this means hauling those heavy motherfuckers up and down stairs every couple of years . 
  this is idiotic . 
  trump is like an 8 year old on his first day of golf doing mulligan after mulligan . 
  image is everything . 
  he understands we will admire someone who says he has a 12-inch cock , even if he 's a 4.5 . 
  7 years of rabid opposition and all they had was a nothing burger . 
  more bullying ? 
  they have no leadership , no plan , no vision . 
  they do not care about america . 
  i am idiotphobic . 
  same thing . 
  then between his never ending campaign and the golf rounds and watching tv and tweeting , is this guy doing anything for the country ? 
  then melania is just another hypocrite opportunist with no soul . 
  looking at the original video she was drunk ~ ~ high as a kite ~ ~ . 
  then she sees her sister laying on the grass dead and horribly disfigured and she keeps streaming . 
  well i blame the japanese marketers who have managed to sell a city as an upscale product . 
  the japanese who fall for it all believe they will find a romantic city with educated well dressed and polished people . 
  then they get into the subway , take the wrong exit and end up in the armpit of france . 
  the life they dream of is only lived by the wealthy upper crust . 
  if you do n't have the money to be able to choose the poshest and most sheltered areas , you will live with normal people and they wo n't be telenovella quality, 
  she was already in a world where lying and mooching would get you places . 
  plus was n't she illegal or borderline at the time ? 
  being with a rich guy is the dream of some girls . 
  sure you can fall in love , but i doubt she would be with him had he been a hairdresser in hoboken . 
  i 'll correct my post, 
  by hypocrite , what i meant was that if she were considering calling it quits but reversed her decision because of her husband 's new job , then played the perfect first lady she is also a hypocrite , showing a face and selling a story contrary to what she feels . 
  we 've been used to have politicians who would resort to hypocrisy , use mudslinging , all with the purpose of being elected and applying their policy . 
  but with trump the goal was n't policy , it was getting the top dog status . 
  he is vain , mean , sad , unfocused aside from his obsession about himself . 
  much of the south of france . 
  nice , cannes , antibes , saint tropez , cap d'agde , sete , cassis , marseille , etc , etc. . . 
  the era of westerners living the beach life in places that look like paradise but have a very different and less free culture is unfortunately coming to an end . 
  where did it say `` spy '' ? 
  a country of 320m and a country of ~ ~ 170m ~ ~ 145m have a lot of people and business to manage . 
  i see they have n't taught wit in russian propaganda farms . 
  they could have real jobs , make russia a great first world country but nope . 
  true . 
  145 to be exact . 
  assange is a guy with an agenda . 
  today putin is a convenient friend but one day it will be another . 
  in any case he 's playing to destroy america today and the maga mad hatters are the useful idiots du jour, 
  no agenda whatsoever . 
  nope . 
  total coincidence . 
  i shackled, 
  japan is far and many of the japanese cultural tourists have not been exposed to actual westerners a lot . 
  plus if you do not know french or english well you will not be able to do your proper homework . 
  also keep in mind that a large number of people create their comfy bubble to cope with whatever issues they have . 
  somehow france seems to attract people in need of more depth and culture in their lives . 
  american liberals often love france for instance . 
  middle aged divorced women also seem to favour france , italy and spain where they think they 'll find romance ( and hollywood sells that story very well ) . 
  and do n't get me started about gays . 
  the trump family is so shady , not having any dirt on them is more than bad luck, 
  tiny dick club, 
  news.com is murdoch propaganda . 
  their lies cone from the same toilet as fox news . 
  man up and stop blaming everyone else for your own shortcomings , orange baboon . 
  if you 're building a country from scratch you ca n't give too much credit to outsiders . 
  especially true with 1780s france that was still a brutal but dying monarchy . 
  dig a bit too deep and you 've got the ugliness of global politics clouding the perfect story . 
  same with the french resistance .
