  clinton was basically obama with a skirt in terms of politics . 
  let 's not forget that 1992-2000 and 2008-2016 were the best recoveries in the last 40 years, 
  comedy gold right there !, 
  or with the funding from the fossil fuel industry, 
  republicans break . 
  democrats fix . 
  how is the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  you 're wasting your time . 
  it 's either a russian shill of a neckbeard having found religion, 
  recent gerrymandering has locked republicans into a decisive advantage . 
  yes . 
  how else has the gop been able to secure the house for [ 18 out of 22 years ] ( http://wiredpen.com/resources/political-commentary-and-analysis/a-visual-guide-balance-of-power-congress-presidency/ ) even though there was a democrat president 14 out of these 22 !!!, 
  and both democrat and republican presidents were elected with democrat popular votes these past 22 years . 
  basically gerimandering has enabled the gop to lear despite its own increasing unpopularity . 
  the win . '', 
  warren beatty still around ? 
  you 've dug yourself into that one . 
  at this point anyone denying the flurry of evidence that trump colluded with the kremlin to win the election is seriously delusional or working from a propaganda farm in russia . 
  which is it ? 
  please note that you 've been posting empty denials for a few hours now and yet you 're not banned . 
  now try and express anything against the party line on t_d and see your account banned in a moscow minute . 
  drumpfists are being ridiculed each and every day now . 
  it says maga, 
  i think they 've got that last part covered now, 
  we might be past `` criminal '' . 
  the `` t '' word is now being used and this carries an entirely different type of punishment . 
  an appointment with an optometrist should be on the tip of your list, 
  good for you . 
  must be lonely to support trump without the robovoting . 
  i get rid of the pains in my ass by hammering their dull little brains with truth, 
  how do you like the steady stream of collusion proof so far ? 
  donnie jr basically throws everyone under the bus . 
  russians provided material . 
  the trump team wanted material from the russians . 
  what is it like to side with a traitor to america ? 
  or are you so far gone you ca n't see what 's treason and what 's not ? 
  i suggest you go to the nearest russian consulate and apply for asylum because this your new country now . 
  like a guy saying he tried to rape a girl but was too drunk amd fell asleep on her . 
  that defense will not fly . 
  reading a ton of content . 
  my local supermarket has run out of popcorn . 
  there 's lots of juicy content . 
  you 're siding with a bunch of treacherous morons . 
  the question at this point is why ? 
  do you hate some people so much that you will side with traitors to america to piss off the people you do not like ? 
  now talk about cognitive dissonance . 
  like minimal wage workers voting for someone who will get them off their health coverage . 
  that is a special kind of stupidity but ever since education became so expensive i guess this is what we deserve . 
  faux news as the french say, 
  russia is led by an ex-kgb who is fighting very hard to rebuild the su . 
  he tries his luck in ukraine . 
  he was met with resistance . 
  sanctions wrecked the russian economy . 
  he decides to retaliate and weaken western democracies . 
  first brexit . 
  next was supposed to be france but the trumpster fire in the us made everyone pause and they decided to play it smart . 
  anyone thinking at this point that they are defending their country by supporting trump or ukip is a tool of putin . 
  attention whores unite !!, 
  image before business, 
  business before party, 
  party before country, 
  god save us from the trump nightmare, 
  one spies on its own citizen to protect it against itself , the other one is a private criminal enterprise there to enrich itself and self agrandize and sells the country to the neo-soviets to achieve their goal . 
  but yeah . 
  same difference . 
  honest mistakes , really . 
  just a long series of honest mistakes . 
  they 're new at this obviously . 
  no deception , no collusion , no treason . 
  honest mistakes i tell you . 
  really . 
  please go back to comey and hillary 's emails . 
  please . 
  nothing to see there . 
  obama did it . 
  and seth rich . 
  never forget . 
  if you keep mentioning profhannity i will have no other choice but to report you . 
  killing them softly with these prongs . 
  * i 'll walk myself out *, 
  sums up 2017 so far . 
  pearl harbour in 1941 . 
  the japanese ~ ~ sunk ~ ~ extensively damaged an entire fleet with their planes . 
  edit : more precision, 
  as long as it exposes their treacherous practices i am all for their transparency . 
  ribbed for her pleasure, 
  100 % d'accord . 
  true . 
  i 'll amend my post . 
  source ? 
  true 5d chess player, 
  the list of people who can actually stand to work for trump and be able to sleep at night without drinking themselves to a stupor is extremely short . 
  dumb me thought it was neve campbell on the poster . 
  i was turned off at first since i had just watched `` wild things '' but then damn she was so much better . 
  i like `` life '' christina hendricks as well, 
  don jr vetted an illegal ? 
  it is not sterile . 
  that 's a misconception . 
  it 's not super germ-y and is drinkable but there is stuff in there . 
  poor is a code word for skin pigmentation .
