la raison ? 
  merci hidalgo !, 
  but still more than prince halibut, 
  i guess he 'll have to move around with a permanent hard-on then . 
  earl of mahi-mahi silently watching, 
  this is britain after all , not like a first world civilised country . 
  mes f\u00e9licitations \u00e0 madame, 
  death by a 1000 acceptable compromises . 
  baguettes do not stay fresh very long . 
  better buy them in the evening and eat the leftover for breakfast . 
  but it will.be fresh for no.more than a few minutes . 
  best to freeze it when it 's still fresh then pop it in the toaster, 
  the crumbs that fell on your chest hair, 
  ok , man boobs then, 
  many who use the freezing method will cut them in `` tartines '' to be thrown into the toaster . 
  face of an angel, 
  please sit down and have a drink . 
  we need to talk . 
  like engelbert humperdink 's ireland, 
  understatement of the year, 
  massive power savings right there, 
  tough sell . 
  france did n't vote for brexit . 
  now say you break up from your gf then tell her you will still keep your bj and anal priviledges with her . 
  what do you think her reaction will be ? 
  what do you suggest we do ? 
  you could do that with a 3rd world country . 
  for the uk it would send a message of hubris . 
  but britain does not need help for problems of that scale . 
  on appelle \u00e7a de la barbapapa . 
  facile . 
  ma machine est finie !!, 
  le sucre candide ? 
  and maybe just because he was a great president, 
  smart people are usually democrats nowadays, 
  and never ever neglect the balls, 
  found the 16 year old, 
  now even ryan is walking the plank . 
  maybe gingrich too soon enough . 
  this is nuts indeed . 
  10 presidents . 
  fuck i am old . 
  clinton was the prosperity president . 
  he was far from perfect but he was fairly good . 
  on par with obama , imho . 
  the last stretch of 4 % + growth was under clinton . 
  the last surplus was under clinton . 
  but i agree obama was excellent as well . 
  but without mainstream republicans , governing is impossible . 
  i witnessed the moon landing . 
  so say my parents . 
  i recall watching a tv report of tanks `` liberating '' phnom penh in 75 . 
  then making the connection when i watched the `` killing fields '' . 
  i saw the end of apartheid first hand while on a humanitarian mission in namibia . 
  best feeling in the world . 
  at least i never went to war or had to shoot at another being like most of my ancestors . 
  by researching purity you might only achieve loneliness . 
  22 months of hell, 
  nope . 
  they put party before country . 
  they made their traitor beds and will sleep in it . 
  true . 
  clinton got the gulf war recession though . 
  we all knew this election was fishy . 
  a republican voting for trump was a willing actor , putting party before country . 
  traitor is the right word . 
  they hated having a black guy in power and hated having a woman equally . 
  to achieve this they betrayed all their supposedly christian principles ( cheater , faker , false witness , arrogant , soulless prez ) and their country in the process . 
  agreed at 90 % . 
  now let 's have a little fun ... 
  on the gop side :, 
  - eisenhower was better than nixon, 
  - nixon was better than reagan, 
  - reagan was better than ghw bush, 
  - ghw bush was better than gw bush, 
  - gw bush was better than trump, 
  it 's kind of amazing actually . 
  then a win is a win and a loss is also a win in disguise ? 
  a bit too `` cultish '' for my brain to process . 
  you made my friday . 
  thanks much . 
  but lonely does n't make you win elections or pass legislation . 
  what gives ? 
  yes . 
  the bush recession happened because he did n't want to let the y2k recession run its course . 
  instead of the usual blood letting , he gave a massive tax cut and started 2 unfunded wars . 
  then to give the poor something to chew on he helped open the floodgates of re debt . 
  this is not always true . 
  dems saw what division , complacency and inaction brought them . 
  expect massive turnout in nov 2018 . 
  and this is is why we always advance carefully and pass half assed laws like obamacare while they cut and cut and cut into our advances while we look passively in disbelief . 
  but hey , we 'll die will a clear conscience , lol . 
  after watching 36 years of republican destruction of any basic humanitarian principled laws in this country , i 'd say this is a educated opinion . 
  one day you have to recognize the facts and realize republicans do not care one bit about people who are not like them . 
  exhibit a : these `` christians '' voted for trump . 
  oh they did find some shit alright . 
  nice try . 
  the last one died with eisenhower . 
  single payer universal healtcare now, 
  what these past 2 months might prove is that `` winging it '' is a blood sport in dc .
