  in nature humans probably had noontime for that and just saw dogs as a good thing to nurture . 
  i second that, 
  il a l'air d'un ange , mais c'est un diable de l'amour ,, 
  a l'air d'un sage , et ses paroles sont de velours ,, 
  that when a girl smokes an itty bitty cig, 
  or more realistically they probably asked kids to do that as a science project . 
  take one day of trash , sort it all out , measure it . 
  come back a few days later . 
  maybe do this on a dry day and another after a big rain . 
  an alternate option would be to use a portion of the plastic to fuel a compacting system . 
  burn 20 % , compact 80 % . 
  the burning would be for both compacting and transportation . 
  because most smokers think filters are made of paper . 
  it 's plastic . 
  the $ 4800 are guaranteed . 
  the $ 9500 are not . 
  a friend of mine is a posterchild for not handling a good financial situation well . 
  income : 120k , mid 40s , one toddler, 
  he bought a nice enough condo on san francisco as a short sale in 2011 for 1/2 mil . 
  the place is worth 1.1 m today . 
  2 years ago he goes to his mortgage broker and says he has 500k + equity . 
  adds up 300k to his 400k mortgage , resets the duration to 30 years . 
  because , why not ? 
  if you have a plan for the 300k . 
  he put his 300k on a leveraged product that shorts the s&p . yup . 
  he lost a lot . 
  next mishap : he gets married , has a kid and decides that he wants to collect rent . 
  his 2/2 is worth 4500/month but he has to live somewhere . 
  he moves to a 1/1 for 3500 . 
  because of tax deductions he might still cash a few 100s in difference when all is said and done . 
  but the rental market turns and his tenant leaves . 
  the place has been empty for 2 months and he has to bring himself to lower his asking rent . 
  he has transformed a great play into a giant headache . 
  yes and the key is having the intestinal fortitude to go through the very rough patches . 
  say someone bought the djia in mid 2006 to see it plummet to less than 1/2 less than 3 years later . 
  then to see it today at 40 % more than mid 2006 and 200 % more than the 2009 bottom . 
  find me one guy not in a coma who would not touch his index fund when things go really bad . 
  yup . 
  the thing is that many bad moves come from `` me too '' attitudes . 
  you see someone who made a great play and think you can do the same but without taking timing or physical or financial elements into consideration . 
  what you do n't know is how much research the guy you want to emulate has done , and what impact this research had on his success . 
  when i do my job , people are kinda pissed at how much i get paid for very few actual hours worked . 
  what they do not see is the 5 years of study and 10 + years invested in building my career . 
  you 're not paying my time today , but the years it took me to get there . 
  typical of college kids . 
  i knew a few of these . 
  not sure if true or hyperbole, 
  username checks out, 
  http 405 web server slowed to a crawl, 
  that too, 
  username checks out, 
  ma machine me d\u00e9mange sec . 
  la p'tite lady, 
  proc\u00e8s d'intention . 
  and windy, 
  oh sweet sweet summer child, 
  voil\u00e0 comment on arrive \u00e0 38 %, 
  le programme implicite du fn c'est probablement la r\u00e9duction du nombre d'immigr\u00e9s . 
  deadwood, 
  too soon . 
  way too soon . 
  like deadwood yet another tim oliphant series cut way too short . 
  true but the characters are so intriguing and complex that you just want to watch them hanging out doing their thing . 
  how else do you explain supernatural 's overstretched run ? 
  especially when nobody gives a fuck in france, 
  how 's the weather in arkhangelsk ? 
  lol . 
  everyone in france is laughing at the idiocy of this last dump, 
  you know obama is not president anymore , right ? 
  or maybe he 's the last real one we had, 
  aveyron is the most beautiful undiscovered area of france . 
  source : sis has a summer house there . 
  another reason is that these villages were originally protected by fortifications and once these were built the only way you could expand was through increased density . 
  once you were inside the fortified area you did n't need a carriage anyway . 
  there are 2 cities in paris : the pre-haussmann and the post-haussmann . 
  in the 1850s they built very wide boulevards and avenues but a lot of the old one is still standing in between the more efficient one . 
  `` throw gasoline into the fire '' . 
  someone needs my help ? 
  yes but the fn 's success is overwhelmingly a reaction to the rise in immigrant population in the past 40 years and the profound changes to french society it has brought . 
  no mainstream party addressed those concerns and here we are . 
  the fn 's success is 100 % immigration . 
  otherwise melenchon would certainly be the go-to candidate for these voters . 
  front is too military, 
  move to [ that place in the mojave ] ( http://m.imgur.com/pwffidh ) with enough food , gas and tp . 
  solar panels and big batteries will be on the list too . 
  en plus un accent bien parigot . 
  eviv bulgroz, 
  please please please try . 
  i 'll grab the popcorn, 
  zevub acoc aloc !, 
  hollande a une belle rente \u00e0 vie . 
  tabatha cash soumission !, 
  j'ai ma chance . 
  found king tut, 
  i have a little machine that should help with that, 
  i 'll take `` inept buffoon '' . 
  final answer . 
  a bigly con man does not necessarily make a president, 
  you can also choose to find him a despicable human based on his track record . 
  the whataboutism is strong with this one,
