  nsfw . 
  merci . 
  une machine . 
  found the forensic lab assistant, 
  well dems brought a knife to a gunfight in november and here we are . 
  what good if you keep the higher ground if you 're dead ? 
  as the centipedes would say : bend the knee, 
  at least 2 since the fire department mentioned fatalities, 
  the world is globalised . 
  being in a large entity like the eu is the price to pay to have a big enough weight vs china , india , the us . 
  the former european leading countries are getting smaller in proportion to the rest of the world . 
  the uk has the population of italy and the gdp of france . 
  being part of a 500 + m giant ensures your voice still matters . 
  plus there is the issue of breathable air . 
  add to that the fact that the fire is still raging in some places and that some sections of the structure look badly damaged ( though they were let in after a structural assessment i assume ) . 
  and ask witnesses if they saw bodies hit the ground . 
  if we 're making predictions , i would venture 50, 
  and an explosion , and a jet hitting a building , and extremely high temperatures, 
  it is a pretty serious issue . 
  a lot of people are projecting their biases into non-mainstream theories and will question everything even if it hurts people irl . 
  sandy hook anyone ? 
  someone can be a lunatic but if he hurts grieving families he 's more than just a heartless prick . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  3 floors of my building went up in flames due to a silly woman throwing water on a grease fire . 
  it took less than 5 minutes . 
  doors burned down . 
  gas lines exploded . 
  shit happened very quick . 
  no major injuries but it was very close . 
  open the windows . 
  you need fresh air . 
  most european countries are using `` grandfathered '' safety rules . 
  if the building was compliant when it was built then it is still compliant except when the government decides it is time to stop the insanity . 
  the big issue is cost and requiring an immediate compliance would bankrupt many owners, 
  an actual interview in fact, 
  a quick search brings up actual interviews of witnesses . 
  managing property for a living and having been part of more than 12 hoas between the eu and the us . 
  i have seen this countless times . 
  sometimes you are asked to upgrade but get a reprieve that allow you to postpone fire upgrades . 
  what would be your field of expertise ? 
  tenants also complained about power surges, 
  what are your facts then ? 
  have you left your chair , flown to london and pulled your forensic kit ? 
  please share with us what allows you to speak with authority that on-the-spot interviews with witnesses are not valid points ? 
  i see no rational argument can go through the thickness of your personal convictions . 
  condescending post of the day, 
  some people do and others simply watch and opine, 
  well they fucked up, 
  / r/t _ d resolved that issue by banning any dissenting voice . 
  not much a debate there . 
  more like an echo chamber, 
  donald trump is trapped in his book forever . 
  that 's his one accomplishment . 
  he is probably going through senility, 
  how 's the weather in arkhangelsk ? 
  it 's all about fracking, 
  that and russia, 
  if it 's the cladding that 's the problem , tearing down the building might be too far . 
  these claddings were added to make concrete boxes from 30 or 40 years ago look good, 
  i can imagine his aides installing chrome extensions to filter out specific content, 
  if there is a hell it was probably set up by a republican, 
  morning glory i have to assume, 
  now you 're on 2 lists, 
  y' a pas photo, 
  raw is definitely the word there, 
  i ate some sand in 2000, 
  then again we 're talking about a guy whose health mentra relies on exercising as little as possible to conserve stamina . 
  i think we should assign it a number , just like the kevin bacon number . 
  0 would be a mundane statement and 9 the batshit crazy statements he produces when his aides fail to take his twitter account from him . 
  this one is a trump number 6 , 7 at most, 
  yes . 
  nothing . 
  yes . 
  we are far from the apex of this trumpster fire, 
  but someone with enough authority needs to start triggering the impeachment proceedings or any other clause that can be invoked to stop this giant train wreck from inflicting any more harm . 
  since republicans are not unhappy or courageous enough to admit this disaster , nothing is being done . 
  a scale based on a person 's qualities i guess, 
  now kiss, 
  yes and their policies seem to be `` if it hurts people then someone is probably making a buck out of it and this is what we want '', 
  for the love of all that is holy, 
  with an actual successful entrepreneur, 
  des sites de train internationaux mettent des offres bidon en justifiant \u00e7a par le fait qu'avoir toutes les offres \u00e0 100 % temps r\u00e9el ne serait pas r\u00e9alisable . 
  rule # 1 : not be a traitor . 
  yup . 
  a no brainer right there . 
  on all levels, 
  we in europe have already written off erdogan 's turkey as a total loss . 
  rip ataturk 's achievement, 
  the party of evil strikes again, 
  france got 130 + dead in 2015 and another 80 + in 2016 . 
  they voted for the moderate democrat guy . 
  it all boils down to the proportion of educated voters you have . 
  uneducated masses will vote as a reaction , not to build something . 
  like trump in the us, 
  toto in france, 
  i flew from jfk to paris one day next to a `` model '' from a similar scam . 
  she came from buffalo , ny , 5 ' 6 '' fairly average , a nasty skin condition as well as a bit too much cellulite that showed through her jeans . 
  she went through a quick selection then had to pay for a 2 week training in paris . 
  chance of a lifetime she said . 
  i will charge 20 % under what this guy is charging,
