  he is ready to throww 25 million americans from their healthcare coverage . 
  babies , mothers , grannies . 
  him and the gop will kill people for simple ideology . 
  does anyone read articles ? 
  bacteria not gm, 
  anyone looking for any worthwhile or educated comment ? 
  not here . 
  branson is giving trump an honourable exit from the deadend he put himself into . 
  dear lord, 
  holy smokes . 
  hey can have a home , plop the kids then had luck happens . 
  someone needs a hug, 
  plus fertility is not a given . 
  i hope you get lucky late . 
  well see if playing chummy worked, 
  the trump dumpster people got elected . 
  this is what happened . 
  how 's the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  the way i knew it it says something like `` ohhyharfghseeayow '', 
  macron looks to be more and more a very smart and sensible president . 
  i tried to make it sound like `` oh i have nothing to add '' but got lazy and typed random stuff in the end . 
  e for effort i guess . 
  that 's a prerequisite , yes, 
  well , you need some basic skills like mobility and social conduct as well as functioning reproductive organs . 
  but some people will have enhanced abilities that makes them precious and they 'll be so valuable they 'll be protected and cherished . 
  i am looking at you plumbers . 
  i love that they resurrected the black plates, 
  that 's the correct answer, 
  suzie cheesecake . 
  malls also happen to have sun exposure , roofs , walls . 
  slap a few 1000s of sf of solar panels and you 've got your energy consumption covered . 
  i 'd love to move into the macy 's they just closed in downtown santa barbara . 
  not all, 
  just looked at a compilation . 
  one of the jumps was so fucking close and you could hear him moan in anticipation . 
  please stop him before he hurts himself and his relatives have to live through decades long visits to his tetraplegic mangled body . 
  he only lost one shoe, 
  maybe he could try and get his adrenaline highs through long distance running or skydiving . 
  if he fully recovers that is . 
  gffbblbllgblbbl ... bblluu ddpprrfftt, 
  for undetermined outcome the safest option would be the rollercoaster of kitchen remodel . 
  i get my adrenaline highs from the contractor hypes and crushing reality blows . 
  they 're starting to smell . 
  that 's idiotic . 
  of course you can point to the lower number of attempted terror attacks on planes and say `` see , this was a useless measure '' . 
  but there are virtually no more attempts precisely because of the measures !, 
  this reaction is akin to saying polio is so uncommon in the western world that we should stop immunizing kids . 
  or that airbags or seatbelts or abs are pointless because of the falling death rate in accidents . 
  did you notice terror attacks in the eu have been less and less about guns and more and more about trucks ? 
  the reason is simple : anti-terror intelligence is smarter and goes after networks that have the structure to purchase terror weapons . 
  the result has been a switch to hard-to-detect individual initiatives using impossible to control tools . 
  are we safer ? 
  nobody knows really by how much . 
  but we would n't be safer without the preventive measures . 
  and they suck . 
  as the last canaanite king alive i hereby proclaim that the temple mount is mine . 
  leave the keys on the door on your way out , peasants . 
  for air security the situation is hopefully contained and this is due to the fairly hermetic nature of airline transportation . 
  though the germanwings suicide has proven there is no 100 % security ( there is suspicion of terror attack on the egypt air flight as well as the malaysia airlines flight that got lost west of australia ) . 
  and missiles can also do catastrophic damage ( looking at you russia ) . 
  but this does n't mean we should stop looking for weapons . 
  otherwise expect a ton of racial profiling and acrimony among passengers . 
  as far as blind daily violence is concerned , the world is a very big and chaotic space . 
  what prevents someone to take a truck and randomly ram people ? 
  but i agree that a police state is not the solution . 
  unfortunately shitloads of people hate us . 
  even entire countries listen to official speeches that casually end with calls for our destruction . 
  and these are our declared enemies . 
  then there 's the arabic peninsula ... 
  as it were ... 
  that guy is known in our family as `` the noob '', 
  very true . 
  we should have made a marshall plan for renewables more than 20 years ago , but the oddity of natural resources is that they get continuously more expensive as they get extracted and then there is more incentive to extract more and make it even more expensive . 
  dirt cheap cheap oil is almost gone ( ksa and russia still extract it for cheap but they also fuel their inefficient economies with it ) . 
  and since the barrel is more and more expensive , oilmen have more incentive and dough to corrupt leaders and abuse their power . 
  they can also shape the minds of the people to believe an oil-based lifestyle is their god given privilege . 
  i think we should reserve oil to just a few industries . 
  sea transportation for instance where it is irreplaceable in a world where some countries need grain imports to feed their overcrowded deserts . 
  airline transportation as well . 
  we still need tar on our roads . 
  etc. . . 
  we are 7.5 billion and quite a few billion would starve or die of thirst if oil would be to disappear overnight . 
  this is insane . 
  our species relies on a resource we know will disappear . 
  we need to transition to renewables asap . 
  sell a $ 100 product to 25 people at $ 10 each . 
  people who work for trump look like they 're drinking themselves to a stupor to be able to live with themselves . 
  10 muslims for one jew in france . 
  france has made its bed and must sleep in it . 
  in the mean time french jews can not afford to be the canaries in the coal mine . 
  they should move to a country that actually has a grip on things . 
  maybe . 
  america if they can . 
  muslim . 
  the white supremacist in france ironically include some jews . 
  iran is in bed with syria and russia . 
  since putin is djt 's preferred fuckbuddy iran is now upgraded to friend of ~ ~ fox ~ ~ friend . 
  `` publicly '' does n't matter when fox news is not going to report it the way it should be . 
  the manchildian candidate, 
  this article reeks of centipede damage control,
