  it was march and the pool was at 87f . 
  all for 40 % less than everything else i had seen . 
  direct owner purchase . 
  i get there and started talking to the charming lady . 
  after 5 minutes a train comes by - the tracks were 40 feet from the front gate and were elevated . 
  the next 45 minutes discussion were dotted with 1-minute non-talk because of the noise . 
  i ask : at what time do passenger trains stop rolling ? 
  then it 's the freight trains all night . 
  i bailed out . 
  you misspelled earthquakes, 
  the reality of immigration from countries with healthy demographics is that even though they might want to go home , there is no place for them there . 
  say 10 people leave a poor place with 1000 people . 
  10 years later they want to go back but now there are 1100 people and even more issues than when they left . 
  immigrants to the western world will never leave . 
  and of course they could n't help themselves mentioning `` hillary corruption '' . 
  they 're fox news after all and no debate can be complete without mentioning that hillary is bad , despite the evidence . 
  well , she might be tired of the underwhelming manchild, 
  treason and scissors, 
  ( place stock cricket sound here ), 
  the us branch of rt-sputnik news really love the orange puppet, 
  how 's the weather in arkanghelsk ? 
  i found it . 
  just much more expensive . 
  hillary is a fairly standard politician . 
  most will do 80 % legit , 19 % borderline and once in a while they 'll step over the line . 
  with trump it 's probably 19 % illegal ( money laundering related stuff ) , 80 % sketchy ( his tv stuff , and most developers will bribe , cheat , peddle influence , etc. . . ) and 1 % legit ( tbd ), 
  je fuierai en hollande . 
  2/10 will not do again, 
  someone buys alanis a dictionary already . 
  please please stop . 
  darn it will probably take a lobotomy to get that thing out of my head now . 
  i guess you could do that but the fuel efficiency would be pretty poor . 
  i should have bought doritos today, 
  you guys throw 100 fake/stale news diversions a day . 
  the burden of proof is on the idiots at / r/the _ russians, 
  i thought the deal was about 222m $ ? 
  delusional . 
  when you 've separated from the grown up world for such a long time you forget what doing your homework means . 
  with trump it 's all about projecting power . 
  any journalist who will dare to tell him he is full of ~ ~ shit ~ ~ ~ ~ himself ~ ~ will be met with very vicious verbal diarrhoea both on air and online . 
  even when it comes to dating he does the same vicious character assassinations . 
  ask salma hayek how little snowflake reversed the rejection on her . 
  he then said that she came on to him but that she was too short . 
  what an insecure little coward . 
  ridiculous amount of money . 
  a `` onion '' style website ran a parody story yesterday on how he got injured while playing ball in front of cameras and how he would certainly have to be amputated . 
  lol . 
  ok , then this means we have to get ready to relocate 2b people up north . 
  angela merkel : we are ready . 
  we took 2 million , we can take 2 million more ... wait ... did you say billion ? 
  i considered it and tried to see what kind of noise there was behind heavy foilage amd buildings . 
  you can hear that train a mile away . 
  it 's an arrival/departure area 1/2 mile before a station in a turn meaning screeching and electrical motor hissing . 
  definitely a julia louis-dreyfuss conspiracy . 
  republicans today would be veeery happy to have a `` trump card '' to get them out of this trumpster fire . 
  and this trump card could be pence . 
  pun intended . 
  and if pence were actually the one precipitating the removal of trump ? 
  so be it . 
  well played . 
  do n't hate the player , hate the game . 
  the system is not only protected with a password , but a secret password . 
  / r/the _ russians is leaking again, 
  trump is saving newspapers from their slow downward spiral , and now he 's saving pauly shore ' s career ? 
  / r/the _ russians is leaking again, 
  agreed . 
  siberia is huge and virtually empty . 
  but the chinese are slowly trying to colonize it ... 
  too soon, 
  par l'avenir on sera tous hollandais . 
  i 'll one-up you with this [ defunct retractable top ] ( https://youtu.be/rfg9c0lag1a ) from the same genius business person . 
  i mean who needs luggage ? 
  slightly disappointed, 
  beware one day you might get the shaft, 
  well i think we all need a break and start hating russians again, 
  vegas has typical 25 to 35 % humidity in the summer . 
  in my 2 years there i have lived through 112f heat walking outside . 
  yes it 's very hot but not unbearable . 
  drink lots of fluid because water is your personal a/c, 
  valid point . 
  we should be 100 % colorblind and affirmative action policies only slow down the real work that has to be done to get beleaguered groups to catch up : fundamentally change your approach to society . 
  we should also stop having the wealthy self-perpetuating their position of power by buying into a school . 
  yes asians will be prominent . 
  yes whites will stay the same . 
  but 50 years after the civil rights movement we have to make the leap : a pure meritocracy . 
  / r/the _ russians is leaking again, 
  same for me . 
  i am a simple man . 
  love cosmos, 
  he owned conway as well !, 
  did n't speak out of turn , was very respectful . 
  it 's tough to do with haters with no principles . 
  rules about living in las vegas :, 
  1 - never ever gamble, 
  2 - i mean , never ever gamble , like ever, 
  3 - whatever iq you had on your moving day will decrease by 2 every 6 months, 
  4 - choose the area where you live wisely . 
  if you come from socal suburbia i suggest summerlin or henderson . 
  more of a city rat ? 
  downtown has very decent luxury condo towers .
