  by the way i have just the right tool for that . 
  there 's a giant baby driving an 18-wheeler against the flow on the freeway . 
  should we be worried ? 
  breathe, 
  yeah . 
  one and done . 
  yes but it probably has to do with price of fuel and the cost of making the container . 
  also many containers today are metal and thin plastic not suited for seamless reuse . 
  you crush that can or that bottle and they 're not reusable . 
  actually those other states do not collect the deposit . 
  someone steals your wallet with $ 500 in it . 
  you want this guy arrested , right ? 
  for stealing from the taxpayer , same thing . 
  else you 're ready to see people rob street signs for scrap metal because it does n't `` save money '' . 
  if someone steals your car please let the cops know about your math and arresting the thief does not make sense financially . 
  last thing i want to do today is insult the grim reaper, 
  you 're barking at the wrong tree . 
  i am an obsessive recycler . 
  i am just telling you how i think we fucked up . 
  / r/nocontext, 
  les chemises brunes , les islamistes , les nationalistes : m\u00eame danger . 
  well , he 's partly describing the polanski affair, 
  50 year old here . 
  got divorced recently . 
  dated 20-somethings to 50-somethings and now in a stable relationship with a very young looking 40-year old . 
  i have enough money and time not to question when/if i want to do something which helps a lot to make a girl feel secure and appreciated . 
  wan na come see me while 1000 miles away ? 
  here is a plane ticket . 
  how about tomorrow ? 
  young women sometimes will avoid guys their age because they 're struggling building their careers and lack the time and money ... 45-55 is the shit . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  for a friend ... 
  whataboutism, 
  [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ), 
  depends on the guy . 
  my younger gf is not complaining, 
  yeah , well here is where i come from : 20-year marriage where we worked together . 
  we built something pretty sweet , were successful in our jobs and our common goals . 
  but the fight took time . 
  sacrifices were made . 
  years were wasted . 
  then it became more business and less fun . 
  then she decided to take her 1/2 and gtfo . 
  now i do n't want to spend another 20 years `` building '' . 
  yeah it has some fun in it , but in the end it 's the quality time that counts . 
  quality time at 50 means travelling , enjoying life and not sweating the small stuff . 
  money ? 
  yeah you 're 50 . 
  we should make a song ... 
  burritos dude . 
  i feel like i am still in a post-op room with good meds flowing through my veins and all sorts of crazy shit running in my mind . 
  these news are lsd-level delirium . 
  when am i gon na wake up ? 
  it 's like raaaain , on your wedding day, 
  wwi had a very profound impact on the french . 
  on one hand they had catastrophic casualties ( a huge chunk of the population was either dead or crippled ) . 
  on the other hand the 1920s were a mix of recovery and recognition of the horror that had happened . 
  since france had won there was no need to be ultra-nationalist at the time and they let their guard down . 
  on germany this was the opposite . 
  humiliation , misery were the motivator behind the birth of nazism . 
  the french focused on trying to recover while the germans focused on trying to reconquer . 
  fun fact about these trees : many car accidents happened with the cars ending crushed in them ( embrasser in platane ) . 
  the government decided to cut down a ton of them . 
  as a result people felt safer and started speeding much more , killing more people in the process . 
  today they are replanting those trees to make people more careful about their speed . 
  argument imparable . 
  autocensure mitterrandienne . 
  parents ps . 
  yes . 
  politics trumped patriotism . 
  pun intended . 
  but i am le tired, 
  do n't hate the player . 
  hate the game . 
  i got confronted to the reality of things . 
  there is no better way to get down to earth than being told by a very plain 28-year old that you 're too old . 
  get what you can or live proud and lonely . 
  literally / u/gallowboob, 
  from wolves to this . 
  nature is weird . 
  click on `` formatting help '' bottom right of the text field . 
  basically , first the text you want to be shown : between square brackets . 
  then the url address between round brackets . 
  no spaces . 
  good luck, 
  yup . 
  5 tame wolves smell for food around the camp fire . 
  the cutest most innocent one will get the food scraps . 
  the others nothing because they 're menacing . 
  fast forward 500 dog generations and youve got a chihuahua with puppy eyes and a funny bark . 
  i just threw that number out there . 
  it 's just that dogs started off as am offshoot of wolves 30000 or 40000 years ago . 
  the range of 10k years is not outlandish imho . 
  plus it 's not like humans knew about selective breeding . 
  they favoured certain traits and the dogs who fit more thrived and survived . 
  that 's the most accepted theory . 
  we can never be certain though , i agree . 
  all it needs to thrive is breed and eat . 
  it does n't have to be healthy as long as these 2 prerequisites are met . 
  yes and this is a controlled transition done by scientists which means they 're speeding up evolution through very careful selection .
