no , no , no , bin laden did n't * want * to kill 3,000 innocent people . 
  he * wanted * to get occupying american bases out of the holy land , and the only way to accomplish it regrettably involved 3,000 innocent people dying . 
  it 's totally justified because that 's just the nature of war , bro . 
   is this a joke or what ? 
  no , it 's truth in the face of your propaganda . 
   no , it 's not , and no , it 's not . 
  you are excusing terrorism . 
  actually , i have n't made any moral judgements at all . 
  i 'm just describing reality . 
   if required , yes , civilians are simply considered collateral damage . 
  and you do n't see anything barbaric , disgusting , and immoral about the act that human life has no value in the face of even the smallest `` strategic interests '' of the us government ? 
   what the us does n't do is set out with the goal of killing civilians . 
  their goal is to kill terrorists , even if a few civilians have to die too . 
  `` what the islamofascists do n't do is set out with the goal of killing innocent civilians . 
  their goal is to evict the occupiers and achieve a utopian caliphate , even if civilians have to die in the process too . 
  if there was a way to get the caliphate with zero casualties , the islamists would jump on it . '', 
  surely nobody can be * that * dense not to grasp the analogy ? 
   this is true , but i think we can see the difference of how dissonant the aims and methods are . 
  no , the only dissonance i really see is in the different orders they want to implement . 
  the american one is somewhat less shit . 
   i simply refuse to equate it with al-qaeda . 
  the us military has always been perfectly willing to slaughter an arbitrarily high number of innocent people to secure its strategic interests . 
  that 's why it keeps a nuclear arsenal . 
  there is literally zero difference between them and al qaeda in that regard . 
  only because they think it is absolutely necessary to achieve their * real * aims ( expel occupiers , build utopian caliphate ) . 
   the united states , and western armies in general , go out of their way to limit civilian casualties . 
  yes , and they also display no willingness whatsoever to go out of their way to * avoid * wars that will necessarily produce civilian casualties in the first place . 
  if anything , war is their go-to means to throw at almost any problem , they are willing to spend trillions and trillions of dollars and thousands of human lives on it , and the only thing restraining them is popular dissent ( that they are spying on us precisely in order to eradicate ) . 
   comparing military actions waged against combatants and hijacking civilian airlines for the purpose of using them as missiles against civilian buildings is a non starter . 
  actually it 's very comparable , the latter tactics are the only available means of war for people fighting an empire without a conventional army . 
  how are you defining `` aim '' ? 
  if you plan an operation , and you know that operation will likely result in the death of civilians , and you decide to go ahead with it anyways , is that not `` aiming '' to kill civilians ? 
  this is the same excuse used by every group of militaristic thugs in all of history . 
  hell , even the islamist terrorists themselves can say `` oh , if only we could kick out the foreign occupiers and achieve our perfectly just and righteous utopian caliphate without killing anyone , we would gladly do so , so we do n't really `` aim '' to kill anyone the way those kuffar barbarians do '' . 
  it is , of course , bullshit , and also directly analogous to your own argument . 
   calais is the result of french incompetence . 
  this entire migrant crisis is the result of pretty universal incompetence . 
  ideally we would have an organized trans-national system that prioritizes refugee families with greatest need and/or most in-demand skills , does background checks and psychological assessments , systematically distributes migrants into areas that would receive the most benefit/least disruption from them , and does so in ways that discourage the formation of unintegrated ghettos . 
  why has this been dealt with so chaotically ? 
   since historically universities have lived from a healthy debating culture . 
  sure , but technically the purpose of the university is to produce/discover useful knowledge and educate the professional classes in that knowledge , not to be an open forum for idle musings and crank opinions . 
  free debate is only allowed by academic gatekeepers ( journal editors , professors , etc. ), 
  to go on within certain bounds of rationality , bounds that get restricted when an established paradigm exists in a field and expanded only if that paradigm starts running into trouble . 
  i see . 
  in france , the mosques are heavily regulated , and recruitment for these kind of radicals happens outside of them . 
  often the radicals explicitly position themselves as `` edgy '' truth tellers who are against the establishment mosques who have `` sold out to the kuffar '' . 
  exactly , people do n't understand that violence does n't work to encourage compliance unless that violence is perceived as morally legitimate . 
  otherwise , it inspires resistance . 
  it could be argued that a policy of separate laws and separate communities encourages communal tensions , though . 
  but i understand that pragmatically , india may not have much of a choice . 
  i would n't say it has nothing to do with this as much as the focus on islam is n't a productive mode of analysis when it comes to solving the problem . 
  even if we make a very contentious , close to indefensible assumption that * literally all * of the muslim religion is inherently morally reprehensible , it 's not like people are compelled by hypnotic dracula powers to take it seriously . 
  recall that 100 years ago , a secular reform movement succeeded in turkey , the very heart of islamic civilization . 
  in fact , there were many secular reform movements in the muslim world during the 20th century , but some succeeded ( turkey , indonesia , india , the kurds ) and others failed ( afghanistan , the arab world ) . 
  the explanation as to why ca n't just come down to their religion , you have to appeal to political and sociological factors . 
  it 's the same thing today . 
  what happened has just as much to do with the social alienation of french arab kids , the unemployment rate , the vectors through which frustrated losers are recruited by terrorists , and their individual failings of moral character . 
  and unlike islam , those are things that we can actually do something meaningful about . 
  isis * proper * , sure . 
  the issue is people who are radicalized by isis through friends , prisons , or online , and decide to conduct their own local rebellions . 
  yes , and where liberalism did succeed , they killed off the islamist movements early on . 
  that 's precisely my point , the fate of these countries comes down mostly to political and strategic decisions that were made , which has nothing to do with islam . 
  so focusing your attention on theology to explain the state of the middle east is not a useful mode of analysis . 
  again , `` integration '' is a red herring . 
  it 's not necessary to `` integrate '' to just not be a criminal or not join a terrorist doomsday cult . 
  this kind of criminality is caused by severe economic , personal , and social dysfunctions . 
  i 'm saying we should just look at this problem the same way we look at any other gang or cult problem . 
  no , but they have a latent tendency towards sympathy with any revolt against hegemonic , oppressive systems , even if it 's totally inappropriate . 
  just look at how long it took the left to recognize that the khmer rouge was n't up to any good . 
   some would say that the secular dictatorships of the middle east exist because it 's the only way they could handle the islamists . 
  i 'm not sure about that , but i think it might be so . 
  no , that is n't the case . 
  people really used to genuinely believe in arab nationalism , and later on there were plenty of legit communist militant cells all across the middle east ( the kurdish pkk is one of the only surviving ones left ) . 
  isis is n't some kind of pure expression of islam like the right thinks or some kind of liberation theology like the left seems to think . 
  they are an apocalyptic military cult that seeks to get revenge against what they perceive as the centuries of humiliation of the muslim ( and sunni arab ) world by the degenerate western kuffars . 
  really the closest thing it resembles is fascism , but with all the racial supremacist stuff replaced with religion . 
  they do these kinds of things and brag about it because it makes them feel collectively powerful . 
  no , that would be compounding the problem . 
  most mosques cooperate with the establishment . 
  terrorists recruit and radicalize people through jails , peers , and increasingly over the internet . 
  they function like a cross between a gang and a cult , preying on alienated people who are losers and have no stake in the system , and telling them that they can reclaim their masculinity and ethnic pride and gain spiritual meaning in life through violence . 
  ok , how ? 
  most of the people who get recruited into doing these things * are * citizens , not foreigners . 
  france especially has an entire alienated underclass of nihilistic arab kids without any prospects who are perfect fodder for is recruitment . 
  screaming about muslims and foreigners and islamophobia or whatever is a complete distraction from paying attention to and resolving real social and economic issues in the country . 
  yes , but the point is that it succeeded , and in places you would n't have expected it to succeed had you just known about how `` islamic '' the places were . 
  there were similar movements in afghanistan , believe it or not , but they failed . 
  arab secular nationalism was also a big thing after wwii , but in the end that degenerated into brutal dictatorships propped up by western governments . 
  and the only people organized enough to fight those dictatorships were ( and still are ) the islamists . 
   they get radicalized by preachers in mosques is this misconception still going around ? 
  mosques are part of the establishment and generally preach a mainstream form of islam . 
  is and other terror groups recruit most of their people over the internet and through jails . 
  thing is , shifting the blame to islam is n't a very useful way of understanding what is happening . 
  turkey used to be at the very center of islam , but a secular reform movement succeeded over there . 
  indonesia has the most muslims in the entire world , but almost no islamist extremism outside of aceh province , and the government even recognizes and protects other religions . 
  so why did some reform movements in the muslim world succeed and others fail ? 
  the answer ca n't just be the religion . 
  the condition of french arabs , from what i 've seen , is like the condition of blacks in the us , basically a perpetual underclass that 's trapped in the banlieues and marginalized from the rest of society . 
  the youth end up as aimless losers and nihilistic criminals who get radicalized by isis in jails and over the internet . 
  muslims in germany are n't integrated , but they are n't * alienated * to the same degree , they just prefer their own community and language and traditions .
