who ? 
  is this not one of the primary purposes of the eu ? 
  to benefit from cheap labour in the east ? 
  that 's assuming they ever really went away . 
  danke mutter, 
  ah , much better that i should do what you think is best for me . 
  otherwise i 'd be a sheep . 
  i do n't have a family , and i 'm not particularly interested in a career . 
  perfectly okay with just making enough for a place to live and some food . 
  thankfully there are places willing to hire people that meet that criteria . 
  i do n't want to work full-time . 
  i suppose under that definition it is not necessarily a genocide , since tarkin had no clear intentions outside of eradicating the planet to intimidate leia . 
  it is still , however , the total extermination of a people , which i think would fit the colloquial use of ` genocide . ', 
   second of all the empire 's intent behind destroying alderaan was not the destruction of its people butterfingers, 
  that is a specific group of people . 
  planets in star wars tend to function more like nation-states on earth than earth itself . 
  there is n't a large genetic or cultural variation between them , unless they 're hub worlds like coruscant or tatooine . 
  if they do n't believe the holocaust happened , they are n't trying to spread a genocidal ideology . 
  that 's like saying destroying a continent would n't be genocide . 
  that 's not what i 'm talking about . 
  what constitutes an attempt at rehabilitation in your mind ? 
  alderaan deserved it for housing the rebellion illegally, 
  what else will they clutch their pearls over today ? 
  the fear mongering over le pen and wilders did n't pan out , and calling orban a nazi has become a stale meme . 
  expanding and providing additional funding to states are not the same as creating an entirely new federal program . 
  medicare already existed in more or less the same fashion . 
  you 've provided nothing to this discussion , and now you 're doing damage control to attempt to hide the fact that you 're ignorant of both european and american politics . 
  expanding medicaid to cover more people is not the same thing as implementing a brand new system of government-paid health insurance . 
  social security is more complicated than you think . 
  so your claim is that culinary advances are evolutionary traits , and not just the consequence of our ability to learn ? 
  is curing meat via salt and fermentation also evolved ? 
   regardless , surely you would agree that the generic european mindset is supportive of a welfare state . 
  probably thanks to your boy otto . 
  and the generic american mindset is less supportive . 
  and obamacare expands the welfare state . 
  do you have any serious quarrel with any of the claims in this paragraph , yes or no ? 
  only that europeans generally support a social safety net because it works . 
  americans also support a social safety net . 
  social security , medicare , medicaid ( possibly to a lesser extent ) for example are wildly popular . 
  obamacare did n't implement any system to make the american model more like the european model . 
  the only critique i can give is that you are clearly uninformed . 
  northern europe has a very cozy relationship with free market capitalism . 
  you seem to think europe is monolithic . 
  it can vary significantly from country to country . 
  you are the one claiming the aca made american healthcare more like that of europe . 
  which country did you have in mind , and in what way did it achieve that ? 
   we would be able to eat raw meat like others but we ca n't because it makes us sick no it does n't , and we can . 
   just because it 's ideologically nearer yourselves ah , so you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  source ? 
  i thought trump and putin were colluding to turn america , russia , and ex-soviet states into a new ussr ? 
  thanks, 
  did the pvdd have something to do with this ? 
  i was under the impression that the ak-74 fired 5.56 and ak-47 fired 7.62 , do i have that backwards ? 
  you did n't change anything ? 
  their relatives are the ones who do it to them . 
  everybody knows having fun on the internet is only a trait shared by r/the _ donald posters, 
  could you be more easily triggered ? 
  much like northern ireland ? ^ ^ ^ bazinga, 
  you are like a parody account of annoying r/europe post-us election comments . 
  the us does not prosecute people for `` speech '' unless it is with the express purpose of inciting violence directly against anyone , and that is illegal regardless of the target of the speech . 
  maybe they will have to leave then . 
  that label can also apply cleanly to most internet anarchists . 
  this is a vast improvement on the german flag . 
  this was my initial thought . 
  basically just trying to cover up the fact that he did n't know wales votes leave overwhelmingly compared to england . 
  they are still nato members . 
  to you, 
  your banter is as weak as your union . 
  which countries have done that ? 
  thanks you eu pr team, 
  have you noticed that the us has the capability to strike essentially anywhere in the world from any number of bases , including completely unmatched naval superiority ? 
  maybe in personnel, 
   federalism intensifies this has nothing to do with federalism . 
  california is doing what it is despite being part of a federation . 
  germany as well . 
  you must be glad they 're a combo package , then . 
  why should that right extend beyond the nearest stable country that borders their own ? 
  i was expecting some source to support your post . 
  i 'm disappointed in you bromania . 
  got him, 
  countries on the other side of the world that are largely irrelevant to people are n't much of the cultural exchange in the us . 
  europeans might know more about america , but america is the cultural superpower of the world . 
   woman in glass house throws stone, 
  proving their point, 
  no , you got downvoted for false outrage/virtue signalling . 
  this is n't a case of the objectification of women . 
  you 've just taken it as an opportunity to try and get progressive points . 
  that was the posters ' point . 
   how stupid can someone be ? 
  is there any information regarding where these personnel cuts went ? 
  did they come out of counter-terrorism police units , or were they just traffic cops ? 
  there are many cultures in the united states . 
  no one cares , snowflake . 
  great satire of a virtue signalling consumerist, 
  it seems like most of the north eastern states ( minus new york ) are very comparable to europe . 
  the violence seems to be mostly centered in a few cities that have outrageous murder rates . 
  deciding which language to speak in the name of spite is a pointless gesture . 
  i assumed you meant people who were against the loss of a language among an immigrant population . 
  are you honestly suggesting that it 's a good idea to have an immigrant population that do n't learn the language of their new country ? 
   food , language , social customs i do n't see anyone calling for this .
