just say it : austria . 
  we are too much alike to be friends . 
  archfriend came to mind , but just as a translation , i 'm not judging !, 
  the [ eichsfeld ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eichsfeld ) is mostly in eastern germany and that is as catholic as it can get . 
  so i can safely say this study is bullshit . 
  you wo n't find a lot of fish in the desert . 
  you have to look in the ocean . 
  you see similar posters in germany , they are obviously aimed at the simpletons . 
  how much do ( es ) the leader ( s ) of this party earn , btw . 
  your flag looks like meklovins flag mirrored in a gracht . 
  then all is good and merry !, 
  carefully avoided contact in germany , just transit !, 
  and your kebab will taste a little different for some while . 
  when did they stop growing vegetables ? 
  the austrians win by additionally recycling their history . 
  security ca n't be granted . 
  so what you are left with is fear that your security is uncertain . 
  and that 's what you traded your privacy in for ? 
  by law !, 
  keep investing into bike-infrastructure . 
  you wo n't give in , now it suddenly became a challenge ? 
  ships will be named after you . 
  rip . 
  german here , and i 've eaten bread since decades . 
  never heard of half of them , seems to be a specific bakery with their selection . 
  so , regarding beer and bread i 'd say we could challenge any other country and both have a lot of fun in the competition . 
  it 's not funny , because we lost two !, 
  and cuddly !, 
  that sign shows how the countries unique features get strangulated by trying to get a single mass , which it will never be . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like the euro , peace and other things , but the climate alone will make things different for different countries . 
  but i love those medieval cosplays . 
  kant 's problem was his names pronunciation to english ears . 
  i was hoping more people could extract what you wrote from my two-liner . 
  i never mind the downvotes , every one of them is the option for the person to revalidate their opinions . 
  thing is , here in germany someone who has a weekly appointment for job-application-training for an hour does n't register as unemployed . 
  those are good numbers to get soldiers and start a war . 
  always has been . 
  just living up to my stereotypical life !, 
  no , that 's genscher ( scnr ) . 
  your name shows a british flag , sarcasm is expected . 
  then it has to be the [ asse ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asse_ii_mine ) . 
  btw there are still `` issues '' there . 
  you could try to ask someone from chemnitz , which was renamed to karl-marx-stadt in former eastern germany . 
  living proof of that . 
  but if you want to insult me , you 'd better do in my own language , verstehste , weil dann sitzt es besser . 
  it shows that a monetary system sorely relying on growth in addition with globalisation and dependence on a not renewable energy source was just a moronic idea to the public and a even a not too smart one for the ones benefiting right now . 
  i like how the sign reads in english , while it should read something like `` ausl\u00e4nder raus ! '', 
  ( which , in this case would mean germans . ), 
  edit : means us germans ... 
  it 's a shame that a company like this has to order from china in the first place . 
  i 'm glad , i liked it there a lot . 
  ok then , i will warn everyone to go to ireland , as you get burns there from something that is n't the sun . 
  that 'll calm them down . 
  i got a sunburn when i went to ireland , figure that . 
  this man in burned to me , advocating honesty and rule-abiding , but basically pirated his `` dr. '' not saying someone ca n't do good work in a different trade , and i 'm happy for anyone not going to have to go to the army or civil services , but as a person he failed to me on a level beyond that . 
  20000 is a good outcome , imagine the damage he could have done if he would still be in charge . 
  it 's not about the evidence the war on drugs is wrong , it is about the inability of politicians to admit they have been wrong all along , or the fear of losing their pay checks from whoever befits in the war against drugs . 
  he must have given her very nice gulag . 
  politics and daredevilism are n't usually compatible . 
  it certainly would have made a big difference if he 'd said : all because people think it would be different to be ripped off by irish politicians , compared to british . 
  nationalism should n't be an issue in the 3rd millennium ( forgive me to use a time frame set by religion ) . 
  what is your opinion on the three gorges dam ? 
  i see the technical brilliancy , but this came with big losses for the absolutely stunning and unique environment . 
  how would it alter norway/switzerland to do projects on similar scale ? 
  you forgot to add `` really big '' . 
  well , we pay for the lot ... 
  it does n't work like this . 
  i would n't call it weak , but humble . 
  a shaolin monk would be humble , but would you call him weak ? 
  like england the chavs ? 
  i could live with that , just not on an estate . 
  you know all you need to . 
  if we had n't stolen their bikes , they 'd still love us . 
  leave them scots alone already . 
  to wash 50 to 60 billion euro annually you need a bank at quite an early point in those transactions . 
  shame they are in , but so it goes . 
  give me your money , i 'll order stuff for you from amazon !, 
  in germany there is a tight union view on the opening hours . 
  sunday is a sacrilege and saturdays , well there has been the famous `` samstags geh\u00f6rt vati mir ! '', 
  ( on saturdays daddy belongs to me ! ), 
  slogan of the german federation of trade unions 60 years ago . 
  it still holds strong , but you have airports and filling-stations with markets open 24/7 . 
  sorry , but i do n't like to work on those days or in the middle of the night . 
  so i have to face that i will have to arrange around the little things you mentioned . 
  there is thursdays when most of the shops and government agencies will have open longer than usual , so you go then . 
  you get used to it . 
  the name alone !, 
  they do n't save it , they just shifted it . 
  there is n't more of it to spare in times of need . 
  when major companies see the need . 
  digital camera . 
  do n't forget them , as they serve well as a backup watch . 
  otherwise everything gets updated on it 's own , as you say , either dcf77 or the service-provider . 
  if we can go back that far , i feel ok to post [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lw_2rh2m-bw ) . 
  yes , they need to be build then , but unless simple wires they have future uses and actually serve a purpose apart from simple transportation of energy . 
  are you going to build wind-parks that can take the peak load at lunch-time ? 
  no , that would be not smart business-wise . 
  but why would you want the power that you wo n't produce traversed through your new four lines ( nicely divided between the big companies ) through germany then ? 
  i do n't know in which dimensions you people think nowadays , but $ 20 mrd . 
  ( aka 20 billion euro ) can do some serious research which certainly will lead to better batteries or other storage solutions .
