nop . 
  i like free healthcare , mostly free education etc. . 
  except all those things have been going on since ... the beginning of civilization ? 
  and it used to be much much worse back then . 
  it pretty much comes down to luck of course . 
  but sometime it helps to have people trained for those situations to be there , as we can see with those marines . 
  yea . . might be a city/country thing . 
  but over here it 's not uncommon to see a group of 4 or 6 police men in the tram . 
  it 's written something like `` transport police '' on their uniform instead of `` police '' , and they just chill in there , after a few stops they go out and wait for the next one . 
  armed and everything . 
  they are not even the ones who check if you bought a ticket or not . 
  i usually spend 2 hours a day in the tram , stuff like this happen at least once every other day . 
  funnily , it always happen when the tram is almost empty . 
  is n't it owned by sncf ( which is a state owned company ) ? 
  but even if it was private property , i do n't see why they could n't have security guards/police men , as long as they ask/pay for it . 
  i 'm pretty sure that after this event there will be some guards in this train . 
  but i could be wrong . 
  why do n't they have any securities on those trains ? 
  sometime on the tram in my city there is more police men than passenger . 
  surely it should n't be that expensive to have at least 2 armed police men per trains ? 
  so . . the logical thing would be to allow to carry us marines . 
  they sounds a lot better than guns . 
  you could say this stuff about anything . 
  `` the number of black/mexican people is increasing in some american region , therefore they are less safe . '', 
   but at the end of the day all that i care about is american citizens not dying . 
  how noble of you . 
  the fifty shades of grey ad really tie the picture together . 
   but wo n't accept a statement that france is not necessarily a great place to live in comparison to america . 
  you 're not comparing the same thing . 
  i 'm saying that if you ask the question `` what is the best country in the world ? '', 
  very few french people will answer `` france '' . 
  whereas it seems to be the default answer in the us . 
  asking if france is a better country to live in than the us is a different question . 
  you can think than france is better to live in than the us without thinking than france is the best country in the world . 
  if you had replaced the us by canada , germany , belgium , japan etc. . most people would not necessarily have disagreed with you . 
  [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ozsecew.png ) was posted a few weeks ago on this sub , i think it is somewhat interesting . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i 'm not sure about every european countries , but if you went to france you 'll find very few people saying `` france best country ! '', 
  ( and believing it ) . 
  being nationalistic is looked down upon . 
  french people favorite hobby is complaining about france and how other countries do it better ( even when it 's false ) . 
  yes , so you can support one and not the other . 
  never said it was acceptable , and i believe the people involve in those destruction should be punished because they are breaking the law . 
  we also need to keep in mind that this is only a minority , every movements always have a few people giving it a bad name . 
  i was simply responding to the person who sounded surprised that 90 % were in support of a strike . 
  to me that question sounds like a no-brainer . 
  the poll is about support of a strike , not support of vandalism . 
  you can support their right to strike without supporting the vandalism . 
  also , it 's not like every strikers is involve in this . 
  why would anyone not support it ? 
  i do n't promote violent behavior of course , but people should be allowed to go on strike if they feel like it is needed ( and it does n't matter if it 's justified or not ) . 
  meh , french people complain about france pretty much all the time , and patriotism is not really seen as a good thing . 
  i 'm not surprised about those results , it sounds accurate . 
  that 's how i do it now . 
  it looks nice and it 's less confusing . 
  showing off good looking buildings also encourages terrorism . 
  it 's like they are asking for it . 
  yes . 
  do n't forget to report back , we all are very interested to know how it went !, 
  even within france , knowing if you should kiss or shakehand with someone can sometime be confusing . 
  i 'm near paris ( so handshaking with guys ) . 
  my reaction if some guy was going for a kiss with me would probably be the same as if a guy was doing that to a us girl . 
  `` who the fuck is that '' , `` what is he doing '' , `` that was weird but whatever ... '', 
  what do you mean by weird punctuation ? 
  so if i ask someone `` what should i do if my credit card get stolen ? '', 
  and the response is `` you should n't have to do anything . 
  people should learn how not to steal . '', 
  would you feel it is also an appropriate answer ? 
  people are reading too much into this . 
  it 's not about victim blaming or giving up freedom . 
  somehow this is the only kind of crime , no matter how severe , where people are talking about victim blaming . 
  `` je me fais chier '' also mean the exact same thing . 
  but if you try to translate it litteraly , it does n't make any sense . 
  i would think that in normal time , people would complain about the police abusing their power ( in case those raid returned nothing ) . 
  today they do n't really care about that . 
  but it has already been enforced in schools for quite a time now . 
  i ca n't believe you read `` benevolent america '' without thinking it was sarcasm . 
  usually people who go there will report it , then the government will send someone to check it out . 
  and your employer must pay half of it . 
  but you do n't think differently . 
  both are still not acceptable to you . 
  in both cases the result is the same , you would not do it . 
  so we agree that your decision had nothing to do with the death penalty , like you claimed in your original post . 
  another penalty would have been enough to deter you . 
  and if you do n't think you 'll get caught the penalty does n't matter . 
  you still did n't respond to the question , would you take heroin to the airport if it was only 30 years in prison ? 
  except `` more '' does n't mean anything when you say `` never '' . 
  if you think you will get caught , you are not going to do it , wether the penalty is execution or 30 years in a foreign prison . 
  you would do it if it was only 30 years in prison ? 
  so why do n't you do the same with the waiter ? 
  so the cook is getting paid `` from the good of the restauranteur 's heart '' ? 
  you 're already the greatest country on earth , ca n't you let us have 1 nice thing ? 
  why only tip the waiter then ? 
  the cook , the guy who cleans the floor etc. . their wages are also coming from somewhere . 
  the machines are different . 
  depend on how you ask the question . 
  ask `` do you believe in god ? '', 
  and 70 % + is going to be `` no '' . 
  i know many people who would identify as `` muslim '' if asked , but they do n't believe in god or in anything in their religion . 
  it 's more of a cultural thing .
