  unless i 'm missing something about how tor works , the last node 's isp will still see the target and can block or do whatever it want with the request . 
  even if the content is encrypted , isps still know where it is going ( obviously ) . 
  so it has n't much to do with net neutrality . 
  the number of muslim in france did n't change much in the last 5 years . 
  we took a few refugees but it 's nothing compared to how many we already had . 
  are you really trying to tell me that the number of terrorist attacks increased proportionally to the number of muslim ? 
  please . 
  no matter your view on the issue you know that this is completely false . 
   we ca n't change x sure we can . 
  that 's the one that has drastically changed in the last few years . 
  every time i see a gorafi headline , i overreact for a few seconds , then see that its from the gorafi and conclude that maybe i should stop instantly believing everything i read . 
  at least once you read the content there is no way to miss the satire , even if you are drunk and half asleep ... but the headlines always gets me . 
  that does n't mean people did n't want him . 
  that means most people saw him as the best compromise . 
  every other candidate would have been a lot less representative of what france wanted . 
  not the person you are responding to , but diversity is quite important in the parliament in my opinion . 
  someone with his expertise is rare , especially in politics . 
  it might be niche , but i much rather have a few candidates with niche and valuable expertise than all having all the candidates all sharing the same expertise . 
  so even if i think he would n't be the best to represent ** me ** , i would still vote for him . 
  not sure it that makes sense . 
  it was about gender parity ( the title ) . 
  she said the fn had become too leftist . 
  i meant after the first round obviously . 
  there is 2 old one at 64-36 i had n't noticed but they are from 1 day after the first round . 
  there is definitely no recent 65-35 . 
  there has been no polls above 63-37 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2017, 
  not really . 
  even many of her supporters criticized her because she did n't explain anything during the debate . 
  t_d learning about democracy : https://i.redditmedia.com/gbsdum3rc9j0tahsuaomeaomubxwsoaqp20su9c3bnc.png?w=1024&amp;s=e8fd8bb11f99e4814abcc885b32c3418, 
  short answer , if you are a regular of the_donald , bad , otherwise good . 
  it should have the video instead of text : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=espf_t64w4u, 
   macron is the new french president !, 
  well , he is not a leftist . 
  many people in the public sector are old and about to retire , he will simply not replace their position . 
  that 's what the 120,000 public sector jobs is about . 
  for nuclear , nuclear centrals in france are very old , and instead of restoring all of them ( which would be very expensive ) , he wants to invest this money in green energy instead . 
  they do n't , you need your identity card to vote . 
  there is no official results yet . 
  lazy google translate of his program : we will strengthen the european border police force by giving it the capacity to monitor and protect the external borders . 
  an ambition of 5,000 troops that can be mobilized by the new european border guard and coast guard must be set . 
  we will develop actions and projects in the main countries of origin and transit of migrants in a complementary and additional way to our development assistance , also supporting the installation of checkpoints in these countries before arrival in the country , eu , assistance in the fight against smugglers and return of unauthorized migrants to the eu . 
  - number of legal refugies should not change . 
  according to him , we do n't even take that many ( compared to other countries ) . 
  - better integration ( they should learn the language etc. . ) . 
  - the procedures to accept or refuse migrants / refugies should be more efficient and faster ( so that people do n't stay in the country for a year while waiting for administrative things ) . 
  - stronger europeans borders . 
  so . . nothing really new . 
  still 3 hours left . 
  for information , latest poll from last week predicated 63 % - 37 % with a turnout of 76 % . 
  i 'm not familiar with belgium early exit polls , how accurate is it ? 
  it says `` a lot more than 60 % '', 
  belgium media , they do n't have to follow french law . 
  we do n't have any problem with americans and other europeans commenting on our election . 
  it 's actually quite cool . 
  what we have a problem with is people purposely lying and spreading misinformation . 
  if you are fast enough to leave the cabin , i guess . 
  but most people do n't care that much about privacy . 
  some take only one paper . 
  i personally left the le pen paper in the cabin . 
  i think you are technically obligated to take the two papers . 
  that some guy in the party was watching doctor who ... clearly macron is an english puppet . 
  it 's already a french law . 
  the goal is actually to prevent this kind of things . 
  the media is also not allowed to do any news related to the election . 
  it loses effectiveness because of the internet and access to foreign news , but most will still not hear about this leak until the election . 
  8 points gap . 
  it went from 59 to 63 , so the gap increased by 8 ( 2 * 4 ) . 
  yes , it 's somewhat misleading . 
  and they also never tell it to french people learning english . 
  it took me a few years to notice . 
  yes . 
  also before : ; and ? 
  there is no space before an exclamation mark in english . 
  no true american would write like that !, 
  so trump and melania is `` clear cut pedophilia '' ? 
  the `` proof '' is some scan that originated from 4chan . 
  i 'm not sure what le pen was thinking when she mentioned it during the debate . 
  my guess is that they want to make it look like le pen is more popular than she actually with french reddit users . 
  / r/le _ pen is a sub made by people from / r/the _ donald , they constantly try to make `` memes '' to support le pen . 
  the bad translation and lack of knowledge about french politics makes it hilarious when they try to put things on / r/france, 
  she actually called him `` extreme center '' the other day . 
  probably depend how you interpret the question . 
  maybe many people assumed there was a good reason for this hypothetical upriring . 
  what 's the difference with paris ? 
  i 'm from orleans and living in paris , never noticed an accent . 
  he is playing a dangerous game . 
  he wants macron to win and be unpopular . 
  if that happen , he can then say that he was the only one who did n't ask people to vote for him and the only one that did n't support him . 
  very most likely vote macron . 
  it would not make sense for him to say that if he intented to abstain . 
  here is a translated quote from his video : `` macron does n't ask for an anti-fascist vote , but for a vote of support . 
  no , we do not support his project !, 
  by saying this he put himself into even more trouble . 
  [ pause ] . 
  this will not prevent me ( or anyone ) from doing what i have to do . '', 
  so by this logic it is immoral for an heterosexual couple not to have kids ? 
  i actually know one of those guys . 
  voted le pen because it was macron 's best chance to be elected . 
  i would guess daesh, 
  if you compare it to the way french people feel about the candidates , yes it 's very accurate .
