i would have liked it much more if it contained a provision for proportional elections . 
  as it is , it 's very prone to moving italy towards a two-party system with the executive dominating the legislative branch , both things that i consider undesirable . 
  on the other hand the issue is with the accompaining electoral law and one should judge a constitutional reform proposal over the very long term , not the immediate . 
  the senate as it was created a giant duplication of efforts and headaches for very little benefit , given that it failed to provide the intended local representation . 
   fundamental information like what an increase of 820 % of sexual harassment by foreigners . 
   when over the period 2015-2016 . 
   where helsinki , finland . 
   you may add context and other necessary information in a comment to have this submission relisted . 
  done ( even though it was already there ) , could you please relist the submission ? 
  amidst the tragedy , the one thing i find hilarious is that the egyptian regime seemed to expect us to fall for their cover-ups . 
  dudes , not to disrespect your skills in shady dealings , but this is italy . 
  our cold war history has been a long series of conspiracies and cover-ups , people who were suicided , guys who shot themselves in the back of the head with rifles and so on . 
  we 're kinda pros on this stuff . 
  somebody with connections to the opposition does n't turn up tortured and dead because of a robbery . 
  no it was his angry gay lover , no bandits took him for ransom , no sorry this time we have it he was drunk and got hit by a car . 
  get your shit together . 
   muslim brotherhood are not salafists they 're not , but they are still extremists who would have `` the quran as the constitution '' , as one of their mottos aptly summarizes . 
  there 's also a likely cologne effect in that finnish women are now more prone to reporting harassment to the police rather than being silent . 
  regardless , it 's very worrying . 
  what 's been the change in the number of foreigners in helsinki over the same period ? 
   but it 's better to  i 'm not from the land where i get it : you were caught lying about the contents of the article , so you 're hoping to turn this into a slapfight . 
  let 's get back to the main topic instead : - none of the girls were 16 and above , unlike you stated - none of the husbands were 18 and below , unlike you stated now , would you like to own up to the erroneous information you were trying to spread , or would you like to continue trying with `` hurr durr your country sucks '' ? 
   to italy ? 
  perhaps you can not marry at that age exactly , you can not marry at that age . 
  nor does our society tolerate it - a 25 year old with a 14 year old `` girlfriend '' would be reviled . 
   you should move to a more progressive country , like turkey , where the age of consent is 18 / s. 
  funny you should mention turkey , [ since the country sees hundreds of thousands of child marriage every year ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/almost-200000-child-brides-in-turkey-female-lawyer-claims-a6765181.html ) . 
   where did i lie or tell a half truth ? 
  glad you asked :  `` child '' brides does n't mean 5-6-7 year olds , but 15-17 year olds the article states that they are girls under 16 , so the age range 15-17 is a lie . 
  they might be 15 at most , and those with children likely married when they were 14 . 
   married typically to 15-25 year old men the article states that they are married to adult men , so the age range 15-25 is also a lie . 
  if you are ok with 14-year-olds marrying 25-year-olds , you should move to countries where such barbarism is the norm . 
   legal experts told us that forcefully separating child brides from their husbands would be a violation of the human rights convention ( art 8 , right to family life ) , when they have children . 
  so arrest the `` husband '' and leave the mother with her child . 
  right to family life ca n't and does n't trump the right to bodily integrity . 
  when a person reports that their partner sexually abuses them , we do n't tell them `` tough luck , you 're a family , tough it out '' . 
  that 's the shit we did 50 years ago . 
  it 's retarded that we 're going back to that because these people come from other countries . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  oil refineries , steel mills and other large manufacturing centers like that have to be big , in part because of economies of scale and in part because the processes simply require that kind of size . 
  so wherever they are they 're going to be big employers , no two ways around that . 
  what we should do is level out the playing field with countries that produce the same goods for less not because they do a better job but because they subsidize and do n't give a fuck about the environment or workplace safety . 
  so if bp wants to move its refineries to a country where they do n't have comparable environmental standards , we should impose tariffs on its imports that eliminate the convenience of moving over there . 
  because they hold our jobs and thus our incomes ransom . 
  when giant employers like refineries close shop , tens of thousands of people ( employees , families and friends ) take to the streets in protest . 
  it 's a huge shitstorm , and most governments vehemently do n't want to face that . 
  italy had a [ civil war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_civil_war ) during and for a little while after wwii , which is little known abroad . 
  it was fought between the italian social republic , a puppet fascist government under german control , and on other side the italian army and the resistance . 
  it was a brutal affair consisting mostly of ambushes , assassinations , reprisals and massacres ; it turned into more convential warfare near the end of the war , when the fascists were crumbling and the germans retreating . 
  atrocities were committed by both sides and it is hugely , hugely politically contentious even after 70 years to talk about it . 
  in the aftermath italy sort of buried and tried to forget the entire thing , which led to everlasting resentments . 
  there was very little in terms of official persecution of fascist leaders , while there was a fair bit of post-war summary ` justice ' in the form of beatings , assassinations , stripping of property . 
  the result is that the antifascists still maintain that the fascists were never punished for their war crimes and oppression of the italian people , while the fascists remained a political force ( and pretty much immediately formed a political party and got back into parliament ) and called for justice over the atrocities their side had been subjected to . 
   from a marxist perspective , the left would have ample cause to condemn islam as a primitive system of traditions designed to keep the working class divided through arbitrary rules nowadays the mainstream left does n't even pretend to speak to the working class . 
  center-left parties in europe and the us exclusively talk about the middle class , strengthening the middle class , helping the middle class . 
  leftism has become another cog in the system and the system has never given a fuck about the lower classes . 
  that 's how the left lost the working class vote to right wing populists , which have in practically every country . 
  that 's how trump 's message manages to connect with the actual working class while bernie 's reaches mostly affluent college-educated liberals . 
  it 's less conspiracy theory and more serial killer ( s ) . 
  italy 's cold war history is pretty much a conspiracy followed by another conspiracy , which has another conspiracy inside of it : - [ operation gladio ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_gladio ) is the best established one ( in the sense that there 's abundant proof it happened ) . 
  it was a clandestine nato stay-behind operation in case of soviet invasion or communist revolution , but it was also ready to act in case the communists threatened to win in the elections ( which at various points was a very real possibility ) . 
  - [ the borghese coup ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golpe_borghese ) was a coup d'etat attempt organized by `` former '' fascist junio borghese . 
  meticulously planned , it was triggered during the night between 7 and 8 december 1970 , but aborted midway by borghese himself . 
  there 's a theory that the christian democrat government had become aware of the plot and was planning on spectacularly repressing it midway , so when borghese realized this he stopped everything . 
  - the [ p2 masonic lodge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda_due ) was a secret masonic lodge whose membership included a huge chunk of italy 's ruling class , from politicians to generals to chiefs of police to prominent journalist etc. 
  ( berlusconi included , but before he was in politics ) . 
  it had a manifesto which called for the infiltration of p2 members in key leadership positions in the government , media , military and police , so that reforms aligned with the lodge 's ideology could be pushed . 
  there are many many more , these are just three of the most famous ones . 
   then i proceed to show that , using an official statement by the swedish security service , the correlations implied in this badly translated article are blown out of proportion . 
  who do you expect to fall for this attempt at bait and switch ? 
  this is the statement you quoted :  `` s\u00e4po sees very few crimes in sweden that can be linked to the large refugee reception , '' that 's it . 
  it talks about the large refugee reception . 
  not immigration in general , not immigration that has happened over the years , especially not about what happens in ethnic enclaves and what risks they bring . 
  you are trying to pass off a statement regarding a specific , recent immigration influx and the crimes that can * right now * be linked to it , as a refutation of a statement about neighborhoods that have been built by years and years of previous immigration and the risk of terrorism they pose . 
  eni 's gas and oil rights were in the play for years during the civil war in libya , yet we stepped up our involvement only with the refugee crisis . 
  you wan na know why that was ? 
  because whoever controls the region cointaing our oil fields * wants * those wells to keep pumping , so the money keeps flowing . 
  no faction is going to want to stop it . 
  we do n't need a government for that . 
  what we need a government for is to return migrants to libya . 
  you have n't heard of it because it 's going to be controversial , and since the libyan government does n't really exist yet there 's no reason to put it forward prematurely . 
  you quoted a piece of statement that has nothing to do with the situation in segregated neighborhoods , but write with a tone as if you had disproven some far right conspiracy . 
  how does :  `` s\u00e4po sees very few crimes in sweden that can be linked to the large refugee reception , '' in any way counter the notion , proven to be very much realistic in molenbeek , that segregated immigrant neighborhoods pose a terror threat ? 
  dude , that 's actually our government 's plan . 
  why do you think we are so heavily involved in libya ? 
  we are trying to set up a friendly government so that we can strike a bargain and return cross-channel migrants to libyan ports . 
  not only that , but this referendum should have been withdrawn when 5 out of 6 questions were declared inadmissible by the constitutional court . 
  that left a crippled , nonsensical referendum that asked a question about a minor detail of technical rather than political importance ; the original full 6 questions challenged the right of the national government to overrule regional governments in regulating drilling licenses , a decidedly political and worthwhile question to put to the electorate . 
   advancing it does not mean you want to conquer the world . 
  fortunately i did n't say `` conquer the world '' . 
   my bad , i can correct that . 
   i think you are arguing against a strawman of ( edit ) hypernationalism . 
  i 'm not arguing against hypernationalism either . 
  the entire meaning of my post was that bono is full of shit because not wanting immigrants from certain regions of the world in no way makes you hyper-nationalist . 
   what `` hyper-nationalist '' usually refers to is a type of mentality focused on enforcing a monoculture within your own land . 
  nope : [ `` extreme nationalism , the belief in the superiority of one 's nation and of the paramount importance of advancing it . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/hypernationalism )  i think you are arguing against a strawman of nationalism . 
  where do you get the impression that i 'm arguing against nationalism ? 
  nice meme , except the cgt ( the trade union involved here ) is a non-communist group and it ** does n't have ** a manifesto saying we should establish the dictatorship of the proletariat and abolish private property . 
  you can be leftist and not a communist , but you ca n't be a muslim and not believe in the quran .
