i can call you asshole asshole as many times as you wish , asshole !, 
  no problem , you stupid asshole !, 
  i am , because stupid assholes like you do n't get to determine the meaning of words . 
  great stupidity does make me angry , fucking moron . 
  14 % is a small * fraction * , and you moron wo n't be able to change the meaning of words . 
  way to be stupid , asshole . 
  your fucking stupid `` opinion '' is just that . 
  apparently people who matter much more than you idiot think otherwise . 
  it 's in the bloomberg article , moron . 
  whenever one posts on reddit there 's always at least one asshole like you who thinks the world of their own ridiculous opinion . 
   1 out of 7 is not `` just a fraction '' as you originally said . 
  a ) it is from the article . 
  b ) 1/7 * is * a fraction period . 
  you are full of shit . 
  apparently bloomberg thinks it 's a fraction so who gives a fuck about you stupid asshole and your `` opinion '' . 
  sucker . 
  a ) that word is from the article , and it 's bloomberg - known for just reporting , not emotional exaggeration . 
  b ) i must have had different [ math lessons ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fraction_%28mathematics%29 ) from the ones you got  also remember that they achieved a major long-term goal in their foreign policy ( crimea , and it 's not yet clear they may not also gain some east ukraine at least as puppet state ) . 
  money on the other hand always is temporary . 
  no one claimed it does n't hurt at all , but it seems unwarranted to declare any kind of victory . 
  too few people here read the last part of the article - about russia 's remaining huge currency reserves and that thus far just a fraction has been used , much less than in 2008 ( lehman crisis ) . 
  so do n't expect putin to have to give in any time soon . 
  b52s are still in service too . 
  not sure about your ... argument . 
  there is no hitler any more to ally with , those guys carry the swastika all by themselves and for themselves . 
  do they magically fight better carrying nazi symbols and ideology ? 
  it seems you are trying to justify your own country 's actions ( which seems unnecessary ) more than explain what 's going on in \u0423\u043a\u0440\u0430\u0457\u043d\u0430 . 
   makes sense , it 's paid for by the german taxpayer . 
  and the german taxpayers get a lot of their money from abroad - germany is a net exporter , so foreigners buy more from us than we buy from them , meaning the net effect is we get more and more of their money . 
  than we lend it back so that they can buy more from us , but get deeper into debt ( to us ) . 
  and when that fails the german tax payer has to pay again ( to banks , as happened the last time ) - with money we never had in the first place because it was a mirage . 
  but we can complain that we always have to pay so much . 
  * hugely simplified , i 'm sure it should be pretty easy to give better explanations than i did . 
  no need to call me names - i admit i know very little . 
   unless there are other factors like corruption that no one heard of . 
  fortunately not a problem for/in \u0423\u043a\u0440\u0430\u0457\u043d\u0430 ... 
  that is the most stupid `` argument '' ( if one can even call it that ) i 've seen on reddit today - and that 's quite an achievement . 
  that 's even lower ( and more ridiculous ) than `` a mere '' ad hominem . 
  what 's iraq got to do with 9/11 ? 
  just to expand : another issue is that as soon as firms with more than one person come into play there again is no free market - because inside those firms there is none . 
  given the many huge firms we have today ( i could not find a statistics ) and that they employ a large share of the working population ... the `` free market '' only exists in the tales of the model island society with 20 people . 
  and anthropologists will tell you they did n't actually barter ( no market ) - those small societies were cooperative . 
  `` free market '' is a model , unfortunately it is n't the only scientific model taken literally by a lot of people ... models work to explain certain phenomena under certain conditions . 
  and only those . 
   the kids are working voluntarily i needed the money . 
  does that mean i volunteered ? 
  what does `` voluntary '' mean ? 
  rhetorical question , just food for thought - each of us for ourselves : it 's very subjective . 
  you ca n't have a free market without a state either . 
  legislature , judiciary , police - property rights , etc. , look at `` countries '' without it . 
  yes i know you said  when the state is interfering . 
  but that is only true for the areas where a `` free market '' is actually possible . 
  a lot of areas where it matters ca n't have a completely `` free market '' . 
  what does that even mean , if the government does n't impose rules the stronger among the players will ( mafia , and see mexico ) . 
  it 's very rare that the parties truly have equal power . 
  whatever you say , little moron , 
  whatever you say , little moron  ps : i give a damn shit about fucking karma points . 
  do you even brain , moron ? 
  yes little moron , whatever you say , 
  yes little moron , whatever you say , 
  by the way , how many reddit accounts do you have ? 
  it 's a lot of work replying so often ? 
  whatever you say , little moron , 
  whatever you say , little moron , 
  sure , little moron !, 
  nice of you to continue reading and caring . 
  so sorry for your brain damage . 
  have to make sure little moron does n't hurt himself !, 
  too stupid !, 
  good luck my favorite dimwit !, 
  not worth it - thanks for showing how much you asshole do care by responding , little moron  too stupid even to troll . 
  whatever you say , little moron , do n't get ulcers , 
   showed that that lobbying did n't work ... because he has one counter example ? 
  you stupid dyslexic brain-dead asshole . 
  you stupid piece of shit have one example where they succeeded as reply . 
  i edited what , asshole ? 
  he gave one example where lobbyists did n't succeed , you fucking moron . 
  you little piece of shit should learn to read . 
  unfortunately you are unable to understand this text that gives you good advice . 
   i want to correct those people . 
  every internet troll ever . 
  do you think your question has any * useful * purpose except for trolling ? 
  like , what does `` bad '' mean ? 
  hitler , stalin , jack the ripper kind of `` bad '' ? 
  but i do n't think you really care . 
  i can not decipher your statement 's meaning . 
  you gave one example where lobbyists did n't succeed , you fucking moron . 
  so because the success rate is not 100 % you conclude lobbyism is no problem . 
  you are a moron , you know that ? 
  you are joking , right ? 
  the `` balance '' is like an obese adult on a swing with a child . 
  neither in number nor in finances ( which causes number ) is there anything like equality between corporate and `` civil '' interests . 
  those are fringe uses . 
  you should realize your arguments are not good when you have to resort to such tactics . 
  you are undermining your own argument above , which is about training . 
  this response has nothing to do with the one i responded to . 
  i 'm sure you * could * raise valid points , but you did n't even try . 
  the software used by administrations must be developed either way , the os does not matter , same effort . 
  more such development is shifted to browser platforms these days , making the os even less an issue . 
  source : i 've done ( well-paid ) programming for government ( freelancer ) .
