sounds pretty amenable !, 
  odd look for mash , but i love mash so i 'm sure it 'd go down a treat . 
  how is the sauce flavoured ? 
  i must admit , they do n't look as appetising to me but i 'd be willing to give it a go . 
  and what 's the yellow thing they 're served with ? 
  you 're going to have spend that sort of money if your dream of a european military without the uk is going to be realised . 
  it is , i saw it with my own eyes . 
  could n't quite believe it myself . 
  the street was absolutely deserted , just two friends and myself . 
  i took this photo after a car drove down . 
  i think you 're right about the 1997 election . 
  john smith would 've won that election if he had n't died and been replaced by blair who then shifted the party rightwards . 
  interesting , thanks for that . 
  i 'd rather not link directly to that rag either . 
  can you provide a source on this ? 
  i 've not heard about this before and would be interested to know more . 
  i find it utterly ridiculous that the issue of ireland was not given more airtime during the campaign . 
  this is probably the single most thorny issue of the whole process , and risks a literal decent back into civil war if it goes badly wrong . 
  your university should have an overseas student services department which will be able to answer all of these questions . 
  have a look on their website or in their correspondence with you to find the details . 
  the bbc is funded in the uk by the tv license fee , a fee paid by people who want to receive broadcast television ( either through a traditional tv or an internet-subscription service ) . 
  there are no adverts on bbc tv or radio . 
  though it does also make money through its international and merchandising business ventures . 
  channel 4 is part-publicly funded ( i 'm not sure of the mechanism for this , i do n't think it 's through the license fee ) , however it does have adverts on its channels . 
  [ rachel riley . 
  ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/03/02/263c3f6e00000578-0-image-a-1_1425337593840.jpg ), 
  there is a growing movement , with several court challenges and a number of private member 's bills in parliament in the last few years but for the time being , it 's off the main political agenda . 
  there might be a border between scotland and england some time soon . 
  i agree on the kurds . 
  they deserve their own state , imo . 
  what i mean is that the line is porous . 
  many of the rebel groups fade into each other , share information , territory and weapons and generally support each other . 
  that means that whilst you can drop a supply crate or carry out an airstrike for your friends you ca n't stop it easily from benefitting your enemies . 
  i do n't understand your second point . 
  i think we should n't be involved at all because our contributions in the middle east never seem to make things better . 
  ever since the mandate of palestine , through to the suez crisis , deposing the democratically elected government of iran , all the way through to iraq and libya in the 21st century , everytime we try to get involved we fuck things up . 
  whether for benign or malign purposes . 
  best to just stay out of it and let them fight their own wars . 
  the uk government is officially supporting what it calls `` moderate rebel groups '' in their fight against assad , whilst at the same time conducting military operations against the so-called islamic state as part of the us-led coalition . 
  seems to me that no one really knows what they 're doing , who 's moderate and who 's not , what syria would be like post-assad , and how to deal with the whole thing at all . 
  if you ask me , i think we should just get out of the whole thing . 
  the best we can do is provide humanitarian assistance to the displaced civilians . 
  we wo n't be able to achieve a political or military solution so why be involved at all ? 
  all that ever seems to do is make things worse . 
  well , the tunnel was eventually mined but we still have n't been civilised !, 
  you 're absolutely right , i do n't agree with the cherry-picking approach ( except for keeping our own currency ) . 
  i do n't see why not , but i find it hard to believe we 'd be able to resume the deal we did before . 
  i think we 'd offered a much more `` integrate or do n't join '' deal if we came back saying we do n't like it outside . 
  at my school , we were escorted of the premises by the police since the previous year 11 's smashed up the urinals as their `` prank '' . 
  kill france , as per tradition . 
  fuck is a tough one , maybe germany since we seem to be frenemies and that sex is bound to be good . 
  marry is even tougher . 
  my first thought was ireland but i feel like we tried that and it ended in a pretty painful divorce as we were an abusive partner . 
  tbh we 've pretty much divorced ourselves out of the whole polygamous marriage . 
  maybe we should just stay single . 
  my nan went to stay with some friends in america and she made them a proper british roast complete with yorkshire puddings for the first time ever . 
  they fell in love . 
  it 's truly our greatest national ambassador . 
  i really love yorkshire pudding . 
  and technically tikka masala is british too , so that . 
  thanks for your suggestions , i will be excited to explore these !, 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  i 'm open to all things although i 'm not sure i 'd enjoy the bollywood-style . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks for your suggestion , i do n't mind some black humour so i should be ok !, 
  yeah , i 'm sure !, 
  my mate paid for that check service which was especially important since it was his first passport and they needed more information . 
  they missed something and it got delayed and he ended up not being able to come on holiday with us . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  haha , thanks for sharing . 
  those are good films . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks , that 's a really comprehensive list !, 
  just us brits making your lives hard again !, 
  lol cheers . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  to be honest , i do n't tend to watch much beyond what hits the cinemas so i 'm sure i 'm missing out on a lot of great homegrown films as well . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  are you telling me those ancient stories about dragons and unicorns are n't factual ? 
  most water in the uk comes from specially-built reservoirs ( artificial lakes ) or from clean enough lakes or rivers which fill when it rains . 
  the water is then cleaned and filtered and pumped into the system . 
  comedies , dramas , thrillers and sci-fi . 
  i can do romantic and horrors i suppose but they 're not my preferred . 
  i would be willing to watch most things . 
  thanks for your suggestions , and plus one for trainspotting !, 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks for your suggestion . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks for your suggestions . 
  thanks for your suggestions .
