  ca n't let pesky details like democratic legitimacy and law and order get in the way of preparing for armageddon can we . 
  they are n't your run of the mill islamist group , certainly not fundamentalists in the traditional sense but any attempt to portray them as anything other than islamic militants is fundamentally dishonest . 
  if the leader of the political party that i supported was sizing them up to be ` good ' then i 'd be particularly concerned about the direction that party was heading . 
  there comes a point when being anti-zionist and anti-nato becomes irrational . 
  when you 're making overtures to hamas and hezbollah , you 've reached it . 
   but what your missing is that in most cases these successful immigrants were not the `` best and brightest '' when they arrived but often poor but very hard working . 
  because they 're so grateful for the opportunity to live in a stable and prosperous country , you see these people ( and their children ) do so well because they know just how lucky they are to have the opportunities they 're presented with . 
  in some cases that 's correct . 
  but do the benefits of the few who do well and make life better for everyone else outweigh the massive problems that come from opening the door to the poorest , least skilled and ( sorry to say it like this but there is no other way ) most primitive and undesirable elements from their society ? 
   years from now , those hundreds of thousands of young people so many right wingers are shitting all over are going to make up a big part of the next generation of german entrepreneurs , brain surgeons and rocket scientists . 
  if they abandon their current national identity , embrace germany as their home and abandon their religious views , possibly . 
  somehow i doubt it . 
  i think we 're going to have to agree to disagree on this one . 
   why is it okay for them to speak gaelic or french at home , but not urdu or mandarin ? 
  i did n't say it was ok or not ok . 
  i said it would be more understandable , given that we do n't border china or pakistan . 
   should we try banning welsh ? 
  where did i say languages should be banned ? 
  disapproving of something does not mean i think it should be outlawed . 
   all other things being equal , assuming that everyone is taught to speak english at school , and assuming that everything can be conducted in english whenever that 's necessary , why does the language someone speaks with their parents matter ? 
  from a schooling point of view it does n't . 
  it 's merely a useful indicator of the demographic shift the country is going through . 
  i do n't think this is a good thing . 
  it 's not something i personally approve of . 
  i know it 's something that is inevitable and needs to be mitigated somehow , with integration and assimilation . 
  that is impossible when these communities are so large and still latch onto the language , religion and customs of the countries they left behind . 
  call it whatever you want . 
  as long as it helps you convince yourself that my response is n't the one that the overwhelming majority of english people would find themselves agreeing with . 
  i 'd certainly say it has taken a hit , yes . 
  any metropolis on the planet is ethnically diverse and that is inescapable , especially when you live in one of the strongest economies in the world . 
  however , there is a difference between having the best and brightest from around the world come to your country to make their fortune and make your country better and having the poor and simple masses from the most uncivilized corners of the earth flock to the periphery of every major town and city in your country because of lax border controls , spineless leadership and a political class riddled with self-hatred and guilt . 
  thank you corbyn . 
  at this rate the labour party will be neck and neck with the lib dems by the next election . 
  when it eventually becomes unrecognizable . 
  yes it does . 
  because it 's england for fucks sake !, 
  it 'd be understandable if those first languages were gaelic or french . 
  i 'm sure i do n't need to explain to you that is n't the case . 
  maybe the good old ` racist ' and ` fascist ' slurs are starting to lose their effect ? 
  fsa or isis . 
  still not welcome . 
  i agree . 
  the syrians and iraqis should definitely come up with a solution . 
  lets leave it to them . 
  england , late twenties . 
  i do think racism is on the rise in europe , but i do n't think most reservations people who oppose non-european immigration have are expressions of racism but a perfectly natural and healthy concern about the introduction of a large number of unassimilable peoples , without any concern for the native population . 
  differences in culture and lifestyle are the root of the concern . 
  but i do n't think there is any solution to this . 
  short of every migrant to europe completely abandoning their culture , religion and instincts they have had since birth . 
  as a european i 'm 100 % against mass immigration from outside of europe . 
  small , manageable numbers of immigrants from friendly and developed countries are fine . 
  anything other than this should be stopped immediately and for the foreseeable future . 
  europeans are cowards just like americans and have been scared by successive generations of leftists into staying quiet and refusing to assert themselves . 
  finally people are reaching breaking point and are starting to react naturally to the crisis in front of them ( discounting the swedes and germans who are some of the chief instigators of this mess ) . 
  perhaps they could consider the rest of europe before they invite the whole third world to trample across europe . 
  show a bit of solidarity with the people who are n't being eaten alive by guilt for what their grand parents did instead of attempting to impose their self righteous ideas on everyone else . 
   i 'm certain europeans countries receiving asylum seekers are verifying that no fakers are coming through . 
  i take it you have n't seen the numerous videos of borders being swarmed and overran recently ? 
  we do n't know how many are already here , how many are on their way or even where they come from . 
  we can guess , but we ca n't be certain . 
  there appears to be one moderator who is making all of the others look like cunts ... 
  but i thought we invaded iraq for their oil !!!!!, 
  disapprove completely on the way its being handled and the overly emotional , irrational acceptance of a tide of illegal immigrants . 
  even worse , the reckless german response to the situation and attempt at shaming countries that actually care about the borders of europe . 
  i 'm not against receiving some refugees . 
  these should be taken from refugee camps on the syrian border . 
  not from the hordes of illegal immigrants arriving by boat or crossing from non-eu states . 
  i 'm against describing these illegal immigrants and refugees collectively with the neutral term ` migrants ' . 
  unless they claim asylum the second they flee syria/afghanistan wherever else they come from when they reach a safe country . 
  as they march across europe undocumented they are illegal immigrants . 
  i 'm against any sort of quota being placed on taking refugees by the eu . 
  member states should take as many or as little as they feel comfortable taking . 
  if germany wants millions they can have them . 
  but do n't expect their neighbours to accept anywhere near that amount . 
  furthermore do n't be surprised that int he future when you attempt to give these immigrants a german passport that your neighbours will no longer have those warm fuzzy feelings they used to have when free movement across the eu was mentioned . 
  typical establishment attempts at discrediting patriotic politics . 
  germany shitting on europe yet again . 
  poor choice of words , otherwise he was spot-on . 
  i like having a royal family . 
  i also hate the anthem . 
  the lyrics are boring , the tune is ok but there are many better out there . 
  i 'm sure a significant amount of that 70 % would also consider countries like russia dictatorships . 
  would n't see that poll on rt though ... 
  brilliant . 
  perhaps . 
  however christian ritual and practice was from the outset steeped in the trappings of roman and greek society . 
  if anything christianity is a european bastardisation of radical jewish culture of the first century . 
  the test is incredibly biased . 
  however here are my results . 
  clubs with left wing supporters groups injecting their rhetoric into the terraces to make their opinions seem more popular than they actually are . 
  trespass , interlope , assault , occupy . 
  take your pick , they 're all correct . 
  lets send them all to germany then instead of letting them pile up in southern european slums and constantly attempt to invade britain from calais . 
  germans wo n't . 
  they too scared to . 
  they used to be relevant . 
  not any more . 
  ukip will have definitely taken pretty much all of the bnps casual support , but ideologically and politically they 're nothing alike . 
  britain does n't really have a far right party . 
  the most right wing party is ukip .
