not much of a crisis , if anything it 's just weeding out the half-hearted members of the pvv who do n't fully agree with it 's position . 
  maybe he deserved it ? 
  the last thing europe needs is more social-democrats . 
  [ bnp leader nick griffin describes russia as the ` last great bastion of the white race ' ] ( http://youtu.be/lhtmzrnti6y?t=3m12s ) [ italian forza nuova election campaign posters dominated by pictures of putin ] ( http://www.giornalettismo.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/manifesti-forza-nuova-putin-roma-cop.jpg ) [ marine le pen meets with dmitry rogozin , former ambassador to nato and deputy prime minister in charge defence and space industry ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-zsps7m8lekc/urgxrdl78zi/aaaaaaaaa7q/wcbvlilm5lg/s1600/le+pen-rogozin.jpg ) [ gabor vona of jobbik speaks alongside aleksander dugin , russian neo-fascist/neo-stalinist who is popular within the military elite of russia ] ( http://www.jobbik.com/g%c3%a1bor_vona_had_lecture_lomonosov_university_russia ) though a slightly more measured , sensible response to the situation in russia , one could also view nigel farage and his party 's statements on the issue to be towing the russian-line :  ukip leader nigel farage on ukrainian situation . 
  `` two weeks ago it was revealed that the eu and the us were manoeuvring to set up a new government in the ukraine . 
  this is unacceptable . 
  this should be a matter solely for the ukrainian people to decide themselves without foreign interference . 
  the provocative speeches and intervention of european foreign ministers and people like john mccain in the ukraine have also been very deeply unhelpful . 
  `` too many people have died already ; the street violence from both sides should stop . 
  there will be a presidential election in the ukraine next february . 
  hold off on your bullets and your stones , and use your ballot paper instead . 
  democratic involvement and change is infinitely better than needless violence . '', 
  http://www.ukipdaily.com/fooling-ukraine/#.uywdkfl_uwy  as the united states prepares to give $ 1 billion in aid to the europhile cabal in kiev , with the united kingdom following suit with a similar absurd amount thanks to dear old cleggy and co , it is imperative to remember that the so-called leaders of these nations were fully aware that `` national socialist '' elements were controlling the violent protests against the legitimately elected government of ukraine, 
  who is going to ` detain the extremists ' ? 
  the new prosecutor general is from svoboda , the deputy prime minister is a member of svoboda . 
  the new secretary of defense , andriy parubiy is the founder of the national socialist party of ukraine , his deputy is dmitro yarosh , the leader of right sector . 
  traitor . 
   read up on somalia i was referring directly to mali , but my point was that unless it directly affects our national security , territorial integrity or economic sustainability then we have no business interfering . 
  the last time i checked the european economy is n't dependent upon mali and there 's no imminent threat of invasion from mali or to european interests , why then should we be involved when northern mali goes to war with southern mali ? 
  providing assistance for refugees is one thing , sending soldiers and restarting a conflict that already over is another . 
   there is a moral imperative to protect normal people against fanatic religious assholes . 
  you may have other ethics . 
  there 's a lot of that around the world , i suppose you support a full scale invasion of saudi arabia , iran , north korea and every other oppressive state on this globe as well ? 
  my sole concern is the security of my nation and by extension the nations which are kin to mine , namely europe . 
  everything else is second place . 
  i do n't want to see one european soldier die because their government took the side of one shithead over another in some desolate african desert . 
  even if one side is a band of drug smuggling , suicide bombing fascists . 
  africa stopped being our problem when european governments were given the boot by their native subjects . 
  except they were communists , their victims were killed in the name of communism and the multitude of communist organisations throughout the world at the time often pledged direct allegiance to these people or their organisations . 
  the idea behind communism might be great , just as the idea behind capitalism and every other ` ism ' is usually half-decent . 
  unfortunately , every communist who has ever took power has proved to be little more than an executioner . 
  mali is no threat to europe . 
  mali is of no interest to europe . 
  certainly not worthy of a european military presence . 
  if the french want to carry the white man 's burden in africa that 's their problem , not anyone else 's . 
  african nations need to start taking responsibility for their own problems instead of looking elsewhere for solutions . 
  defending human rights does n't require supranational militarism and is certainly not the job of a standing army , whose sole concern should be the maintaining the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the nation . 
  i do n't tend to distinguish between murderous dictators . 
  whether lenin , stalin , mao , pol pot or any of the assorted laundry list of fascists ; all were totalitarian shitheads and all belong in the dustbin of history . 
  yep and the british incinerated tens of thousands of german civilians in dresden , the fourth evil ? 
  there are rarely ever any good guys in war , only winners . 
  nothing to apologize for . 
  they fought against the two great evils of the 20th century . 
  hopefully in a free ukraine they 'll be afforded the respect and honour they truly deserve . 
  hopefully they 're rounded up and deported asap . 
  putin is not a fascist . 
  putin is just a gangster who happens to be president . 
  just like pretty much every other russian politician , the mafia run the country . 
  the communists perpetrated more evil against ukraine than the nazis long before the nazis arrived in the country , hence it made sense to side with them in the fight against the soviet union . 
  the upa also fought against the nazis , but you would n't bring that up because that destroys the narrative of the ` evil nazi ' as opposed to the opportunistic nationalist . 
   his sister , cathie wood , said . 
  he was a `` sweet and gentle '' person , she said . 
  `` he did n't deserve to die . 
  he was n't harming anyone . '', 
  and where was she when her brother was starving to death ? 
  all mainstream opposition parties are centre-right/right-wing with a relatively large nationalist/far-right contingent . 
  far left ( communist party et al ) is overwhelmingly pro-russian and anti-europe/ukraine . 
  viktor orban is one of the very few european politicians one could consider decent . 
  europe needs more like him . 
  they should 've been torn down a long time ago . 
  communism is a disease . 
  because there is considerable left wing bias on reddit , more so on the european subreddits . 
  mass immigration and very little practical integration are going to ruin sweden . 
  it 's a shame . 
  dark shadows ? 
  the ` far-right ' are the sole reason there is still a protest movement in ukraine . 
  the ` mainstream ' opposition fled like cowards and sold the protesters out at every opportunity they could . 
  who built the barricades ? 
  who occupied the government buildings ? 
  who organised the resistance ? 
  without this ` dark-shadow ' the movement would 've been crushed a long time ago . 
  they do n't have a choice . 
  by supporting the opposition you are supporting ukrainian nationalism . 
  it 's rare to see washington supporting the right side of a conflict , but this is one of those rare cases it seems . 
  the link appears to be dead . 
  good riddance . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  i thoroughly respect the ukrainian nationalists and their resolve in the face of a treacherous government and equally distasteful representation from the so-called ` opposition ' politicians . 
  but at the same time the battle is n't one sided , it was n't just protesters that died . 
  the protesters done some of their own shooting as well i think you 'll find . 
  and still that probably wo n't be enough to halt the invasion . 
  excellent . 
  that 's simply because the typical jobbik supporters are educated young adults . 
  [ polls indicate right wing parties jobbik and fidesz are most popular amongst those aged 18-30 ] ( http://www.tarki.hu/hu/news/2013/kitekint/20131118_fidesz.html ) people like to try and perpetuate the myth that the young are more prone to shun nationalism and conservative ideologies , when increasingly the opposite is shown to be true . 
  chomsky is an anti-american far left extremist . 
  his view on anything is automatically suspect as his biases are so extreme and pronounced . 
  their european family members moving to european countries ? 
  oh how controversial . 
  the european citizen moved to another european country ? 
  i know a few gun owners . 
  it 's a lot more common than people think . 
  especially in the uk . 
  nope . 
  i 'd rather not leave , but i would n't be too bothered if we did . 
  hezbollah remain a ` legitimate party ' through terror . 
  they are the sole group that have been responsible for lebanon 's politics remaining on a knife-edge for so many years . 
  why have they been ` protecting ' people from israel ? 
  possibly because they have an iranian funded religious devotion to total war with israel and like to militarize southern lebanon . 
  they 've been murdering people way before the whole syria debacle as well , any attempt to disarm or disagree with them results in the leaders of opposition to them meeting their end rather swiftly , usually by way of a car-bomb or hail of gunfire . 
  who can blame them , they are the shock troops of the iranian islamic revolution .
