  their foreign policy basically boils down to ` eu bad , everyone else good ' . 
  their views on immigration are similar . 
  ` europeans bad , africans and asians good ' . 
  a bunch of incoherent clowns mostly . 
  i do n't feel ashamed , i think our legacy is something to be proud of , especially the military history of the era of empire . 
  back in the day anyone who had the ability to would conquer and subjugate others . 
  i 'm supposed to feel guilty because my ancestors were better at it than others ? 
  nope . 
  people should n't be ashamed of things they did n't do , they should n't apologise for their country 's past , they should celebrate it . 
  they should n't complain when we are proud of the fact that in a cruel world we emerged victorious time and time again and carved out the largest empire ever seen despite being a tiny island nation . 
  hopefully , this will seal labour 's fate in england . 
  they will never win with that fucking fruitcake in charge . 
  how long until this is ` revealed ' to be a nato-usa biological weapon ? 
  it 's not a secret and its not dirty . 
  communism was the second great evil of the 20th century . 
  the snp is not a republican party . 
  i 've had a few experiences , none of them good . 
  refer to any other answer and that 's a general overview of how the roma in europe behave . 
  be thankful that those who made it to america cast off the awful parts of that culture . 
  and all it took was for him to take his country to the brink of ruin whilst causing extensive economic damage to many other countries in order to merely about-face and accept the inevitable constraints required by the euro zone . 
  if greeks still support this charlatan you 're absolutely mental . 
  le pen , a french story . 
  by pierre p\u00e9an and philippe cohen  mr le pen once received a standing ovation at a world jewish congress in new york in 1987 after calling for the plo office in paris to be shut down, 
  he was giving speeches to jewish conservative groups back in the 80s and early 90s . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  more widespread support maybe , but the fn has courted jews before marine took over . 
  that 's one way to show you 're proud of your heritage and culture , by showing disrespect to others . 
  that 's because sweden is ran by suicidal morons who hate their country . 
  hopefully . 
  so a who 's who of dictators and shitheads . 
  they also have domestic policies which are closer to my personal views than that of the conservatives ( though still not what i would like ) . 
  i voted for ukip due to the absence of a ` nationalist ' party . 
  i 'd prefer a party like the fn or fpo . 
  gritted my teeth and voted ukip . 
  i prefer the conservatives ' position on europe but do n't feel they 're actually a ` conservative ' party anymore . 
  hopefully ukip get a decent result if only to force the conservatives to the right . 
  why not both ? 
  the struggle against soviet totalitarianism and imperialism was just as heroic as the struggle against german totalitarianism and imperialism . 
  she hardly takes after her grandfather . 
  she just uses the name to entice the sycophants who adored him to vote for her ( completely ignoring the fact that what she stands for is entirely opposed to what mussolini stood for ) . 
  then again i suppose it is a bit of a political dynasty , definitely not an ideological one however . 
  maybe because mussolini did n't really have one ? 
  neo nazis are a european problem . 
  islamists are an imported problem that we did n't need to have . 
  it 's definitely not a good thing . 
  not really . 
  the fn have been very open about their support for and from russia . 
  it 's not a secret that the kremlin are balls deep in the fn and that le pen et al are enjoying it . 
  loose fitting hijabs are nice and very tasteful . 
  plenty of women in the muslim world display a reasonable amount of self expression in their clothing whilst still wearing hijab . 
  you must be a very nervous individual in general . 
  they should invest some of those billions in their roads from the looks of things . 
  i 'd be afraid to drive over those potholes , even in these fancy new tanks . 
  european immigration not so much . 
  non-european absolutely . 
  yet there 's no such controversy when russians celebrate mass murderers who deported entire nations and killed millions . 
  it 's a shame that so many people are lured in by his faux british nationalism . 
  [ so were we ] ( http://youtu.be/m60oi5nz2lm ), 
  wealthy europeans ? 
  they 're the best type of immigrants . 
  quite the opposite . 
  fn are strongest amongst the younger voters . 
  it 's not your culture , it 's not your country . 
  you have no place saying what we should or should n't be proud of . 
  for the record i 'm not proud of what happened in ireland . 
  but i wo n't be made to feel ashamed of it either . 
  british people , english in particular , are berated and held back enough by the ` sins ' of our ancestors ( pay no mind to the host of other civilizations universally celebrated who did exactly the same thing mind you ) without now being told they have no right to look upon their ancestors with any sort of reverence whatsoever . 
  because he 's considered a symbol of parliamentary authority in the face of absolutist monarchy ? 
  because a few generations ago britain was a deeply protestant country with a strong connection to the ideological positions of cromwell and the protestant reformation ? 
  because , as much as it many annoy you , we do n't spend every waking minute worrying about how the irish feel about us . 
  you were never subjugated . 
  anything that does n't worship foreigners as harmless saints is right wing extremism in germany . 
  yet they have no trouble bringing out the water canons and batons when germans who do n't have their heads buried in the sand protest the immigrant crime-wave . 
  germany is fucked . 
  well i would expect you to just be honest and courteous unless you 've got something to hide . 
  if you 're genuinely suspected of something and you just stay mute then i 'd expect you 'd be taken in anyway . 
  looks like fun . 
  then we need to change the law . 
  the fact that the entire political system openly collaborates in order to keep them out is a total vindication of everything the fn says about the agenda of the ruling parties . 
  equality at any cost , no matter the consequences . 
  welcome to sweden . 
  his protest was about more than gay rights . 
  that was the narrative that the media decided to roll with but his suicide note was a lot more profound than `` gays are getting married , better suicide in a church '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was referring to the fact that vlad was not bombing isis but other rebel groups . 
  well that was lovely . 
  the yezidi are not muslims . 
  their faith is completely alien to islam and is much older . 
  it 's polytheistic and considered ` devil worship ' by muslims . 
  possibly because they joined anarchist and communist militias and not the national armed forces ? 
  as long as they remain a tiny population . 
  possibly . 
  ah leave it to the germans to lecture us about having no values and hating your own nationality and culture . 
  just because you live in a society scared to death of it 's own identity and ruled by a collective sense of guilt it does n't mean the rest of us should have to . 
  absolutely . 
  illegal immigrants who attempt to escape from police should be apprehended and deported . 
  she tripped a man that was trying to evade police , she didnt kick a child . 
  blame the fool who put his child in that situation . 
  the fact that she 's even going on trial is silly . 
  it 's obviously a politically motivated attempt to damage the credibility of the fn . 
  being born and raised in europe and having ethnic and cultural ties to at least one of the nations of europe about fits the bill .
